In your testing of the nerfs, how has Jade Druid/Rogue improved with to nerf of STB/Claws? I think it's good if it improves a little but if it gets too strong it could be just as infuriating to play against.
This is something that is mostly a prediction rather than a result of testing. Whether or not Jade Druid and Rogue will be 'good' is meta dependent. I don't think these changes will magically make Jade decks strong against aggressive decks, but I think it's safe to say the meta slowing down at any % is a good thing for Jade. (Source)
Wait you guys didn't test these changes in a ladder environment?
Of course we do, what I mean by prediction is not predicting how good or bad particular matchups are, but predicting what people will actually choose to play. Jade decks still aren't great vs highly aggressive pirate decks, even after changing small-time buccaneer. If pirates are still played at the same volume they are now, I don't imagine Jade will be very strong. We can playtest every matchup in the game between the 3-4 of us but that won't tell us the exact rate at which each deck will be played on ladder, though it does put us in a good position to make a reasonable prediction. (Source)
There are only 4 guys on the balance team?!
Yes. Design team is around 15 people now. Live Content (Brawls, Firesides, Other Events), Initial Design (Card Designs, Mechanic Designs, Set Flavor and Theme), System Design (Ranked Systems, Tons of Other Systems), Final Design (Set Tuning, Card Design, Mechanic Design), and Mission Design (Mission Design, Card Design). We also have Ben that directs the ship and another sort of jack of all trades designer than works a lot on new player experience, matchmaking, and flavor things. That said, well all help each other out quite a bit and the real list of things each individual person does is more like 20 bullet points rather than 2. That's the general jist though. (Source)
Thanks for the answer! Part of me really hope that with such a small team every single one of you are millionaires. The other part kinda thinks this number is really low! But I am just a Internet dude. One more question! I think is safe to say that the vocal community is tired of losing to aggro, do you guys think is fair criticism to say that the team could be doing a better job at balancing aggro?
To clarify, this is also just the design team I'm speaking to. There are many other people of various disciplines like art, engineering, production, community, QA, customer support, marketing, business, etc that make an equally large impact on the game. (Source)
Why waiting until the end of February? Why not nerf the cards today?
I'm not an expert in this area, but it has a lot to do with being a game on multiple platforms. In order to patch simultaneously on PC/Mobile there are a number of things that have to be submitted and approved being we can release a new patch to the public. (Source)
If the wolf population is keeping the rabbit population in check and you weaken wolves, that will probably increase the frequency of rabbits?
This isn't too far off. The hard part is determining how many rabbit-eating-animal decks will appear as a result of the increase of rabbit frequency, and if the introduction of said-animal-rabbit-eater introduces a new animal we've never heard of. (Source)
So why not do something regarding jade now then just wait for us to have to deal with 2 months of jade being infuriating to play against in any control matchup?
Jade is fairly weak to aggressive strategies, and I don't think those are going to go away as a result of STB change. There is still some room between hyper-aggressive pirate things and heavy control things that will keep us pretty far from all-jade-all-the-time meta. At least that's the idea. If we thought as a result of these changes Jade would be all (or half of all decks) that were relevant, we would have gone a different route. (Source)
In the midst of the Ebola crisis, they said, these “two W.H.O. arguments that have fallen on deaf ears for decades are now out there with consequences that all the world can see, every day, on prime-time TV news.”
The Ebola virus was discovered in the Democratic Republic of Congo, then known as Zaire, in 1976. But because it was confined to impoverished African countries, Dr. Chan said, there was no incentive to develop a vaccine until this year, when Ebola became a broader threat.
“A profit-driven industry does not invest in products for markets that cannot pay,” they said. “W.H.O. has been trying to make this issue visible for ages. Now people can see for themselves.”
Dr. Chan reiterated their contention that the Ebola crisis “is the most severe acute public health emergency seen in modern times.”
Efforts to find a vaccine have been stepped up in recent months as the disease has spread, with a small outbreak in Nigeria and isolated cases in Mali, Senegal, Spain and the United States. At an emergency meeting in September, the United Nations Security Council declared the Ebola crisis a threat to international security.
Image copyright AP Image caption The images have embarrassed regional authorities in India
About 300 people have been arrested in the Indian state of Bihar, authorities say, after reports emerged of blatant cheating in school exams.
Parents and friends of students were photographed climbing school walls to pass on answers.
Many of those arrested were parents. At least 750 students have been expelled.
An estimated 1.4m students are taking their school leaving exams in Bihar alone - tests seen as crucial for their chances of a successful career.
The authorities have clearly been embarrassed by the cheating, the BBC's Jill McGivering says, with the episode prompting ridicule on social media.
Students were seen copying answers from smuggled-in note sheets, and police posted outside test centres were even seen being bribed to look the other way.
Image copyright Dipankar Image caption Cheating is reportedly common in Bihar exams but rarely seen on this scale
Image copyright Dipankar Image caption One official warned parents they were harming their students by helping them cheat
On top of the arrests, in four centres further exams have been cancelled.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar condemned the cheating but said the images were not the "whole story" of their state.
They warned parents that helping their children cheat would only harm them in the long run.
State Education Minister PK Shahi said it would be difficult to conduct fair exams without help from parents, given the potential number of people involved.
"Three to four people helping a single student would mean that there is a total of six to seven million people helping students cheat," they said.
"Is it the responsibility of the government alone to manage such a huge number of people and to conduct a 100% free and fair examination?"
There are numerous Firefox add-ons to help enhance your music listening experience. From those that enable you to control your online or desktop media player, to tools to help you fill in gaps in your album art collection, or tweet your current song to your Twitter followers, here are 16 great Firefox music add-ons to get your groove on.
While we think all 16 are great, we suggest that you install just a few; Installing too many add-ons will slow down your browser.
Have another music add-on to recommend? Tell us about it in the comments.
Music Players and Controls
Fire.fm - Fire.fm was the winner of the Extend Firefox 3 contest, and with good reason. It gives you full access to the Last.fm library from anywhere you may surf to. Discover new artists, play favorite tracks, explore people with similar music tastes and more.
FoxyTunes - With FoxyTunes installed you can control just about any media player from directly inside your browser. Also finds album covers, displays lyrics and more.
GoMuzik - You can search the GoMuzik library of over 1 million songs and play those you like, make playlists and more.
Lala Control - While this add-on has same caveats (a tab must be opened, songs must have started playing or be in your queue), it will allow you to control the Lala.com flash player without having to constantly switch tabs all the time.
Music Hutch Toolbar - This toolbar works exclusively with music and videos on The Music Hutch, and with it you can shuffle and search all of the files for playback.
Music Player Minion - This extension operates as a client for the Music Player Daemon network, allowing you to control music from one computer on your home network from another.
My Opus Radio - Adds a player to the status bar to play India's first online radio station for international music.
Online Music Player - This music player installs down in your status bar and allows you to play MP3 files either from the web or from local files. It is also capable of displaying lyrics and managing playlists.
Play Them All - Play Them All scans all of the links on a page for ones that end in .mp3 and creates a M3U playlist from them so that you can easily play them.
Radio Eksen - This add-on will allow you to see what is currently playing on Radio Eksen, a rock radio station in Istanbul, Turkey. You can click on the display to listen to the station in your media player, check the artist out on Wikipedia or Last.fm, get lyrics from Google and more.
Music Tools
Album-Cover-Art.org - Allows you to search Album-Cover-Art.org for album cover artwork you may be missing for your music collection.
FindThatBand - Allows you to highlight a band name on a site, right click to select search, and it will pull up information about that band on MySpace, LastFM, Pandora, or Wikipedia.
FiTunes Sidebar Extension - Shows you a sidebar built around the top 25 iTunes Store categories such as singles and albums.
Harmony - This add-on integrates with Pandora or FoxyTunes to give you real-time information about the music you are listening to, and will also scrobble the songs to your Last.fm account for you.
Song.ly - Song.ly allows you to share songs with all of your Twitter followers with just two clicks, and will take them to a page where the song is embedded in a player for them to hear. Sort of like Blip.fm, but it works more directly with Twitter.
TwittyTunes - From the same people who make FoxyTunes, TwittyTunes will allow you to post whatever music you have playing to your Twitter stream. What is nice is that this isn't done automatically, but only when you click the button, so you won't end up spamming your followers with song title after song title.
More music resources from Mashable:
Not only did the broadcast networks spent more time on the People's Climate March, than the March for Life, they portrayed it positively, ignoring all the radicalism promoted by participants.
NBC “Nightly News,” ABC “World News Tonight” on Sept. 21 and CBS “This Morning” and ABC's “Good Morning America” on Sept. 22 gave a combined 3 minutes and 27 seconds to the climate march. That was four-and-a-half times the 46 seconds of stories that NBC and ABC evening news shows gave to the March for Life in January 2014.
Boosting the claims of protesters concerned about global warming, “World News Tonight” and “Nightly News” mentioned a recent statement from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) saying the summer of 2014 was the “warmest summer on Earth” on record. Neither pointed out that record keeping only dates back to 1880. That's just a tiny fraction of Earth's history after all.
“World News Tonight” exaggerated the information even further by claiming 2014 is on track to the be the “hottest year ever.”
Nothing was said on any of the network news' programs about how far people traveled by fossil fuel guzzling cars or airplanes to march in New York City on Sept. 21. The hypocrisy of expending massive amounts of greenhouse gases in order to call for an end to fossil fuels was ignored, although green celebrity Al Gore and the UN's Ban-Ki Moon were both mentioned by name on “Nightly News.”
Actor Mark Ruffalo, an Occupy Wall Street supporter and fracking opponent, said criticizing people like Gore and Leonardo DiCaprio for their carbon emissions is wrong. When Climate Depot asked them about their carbon footprints, Ruffalo said, “Oh brother. That is a question you shouldn't be asking here today because that defies the spirit of what this is about.”
The networks also ignored protesters' calls for “revolution” and a new society as well as the many socialist groups, including Communist Party USA and Occupy groups, that backed the protests.
According to Climate Depot, socialism was promoted by speakers at the march and applauded by attendees of the People's Climate March. Socialist literature was readily available.
During the march, Climate Depot interviewed environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., who complained about global warming skeptics saying, “I wish there were a law you could punish them with. I don't think there is a law that you can punish those politicians under.”
Photos by the author
Photos by the author
On the banks of Lake Sakakawea, a 370,000-acre reservoir in the heart of western North Dakota's Fort Berthold Reservation—home to the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara (MHA) tribes—sits a 96-foot yacht.
When MHA Nation inaugurated the boat last summer, it advertised the flashy white vessel as a " dinner and enterta​inment" option for patrons of the nearby 4 Bears Casino & Lodge, a two-decade-old cash cow that's run by the tribe. Usually, though, Island Girl just sits idle. On this frigid November afternoon, like most days, it's propped up by blocks of wood on the empty marina.
It's hard to blame the casino hounds for their lack of interest. When it's six degrees outside—and during the winter months, the average temperature regularly plunges below zero—the thought of spending a night out on the windswept prairie water is chill-inducing. Even the warmer weather has done little to encourage the yacht's use.
For most on the reservation, the boat is more symbolic than practical. It's a daily reminder that when it comes to the vast majority of the tribe's 14,000 membe​rs, tribal authorities have managed to piss away the benefits of the area's unprecedented and ridiculously lucrative oil boom.
Blessed with oil-and-gas-rich shale formations underlying Fort Berthold, the MHA government collects about $25 million in royalties a month. All in all, the tribe has collected about $1 billion in oil ​money since the fracking bonanza took off in 2008.
And yet life for much of MHA Nation is mostly bleak. Poverty, health problems, and drug abuse abound. Average life expectancy hovers below​ 60. Meanwhile, the government's lack of transparency and its well-documented ties to oil and gas interests have left members in deep suspicion.
"The yacht, of course, is the most visible thing," says Theodora Bird Bear, a 63-year-old resident of Mandaree, an impoverished town of 600 on the reservation. "But if the yacht's there, what else is there? We don't know."
​
Fort Berthold alone is responsible for about a third of North Dakota's oil production, around 330,000 barrels a day. If the reservation were its own state, it would be the seventh-​largest oil producer in the country, just behind Oklahoma.
Some have reaped the boom's benefits. Fewer than half of the tribe's members own oil-rich land and earn royalties from leases negotiated with industry. (A smaller number of these landowners actually collect sizable amounts.) Most members' ability to benefit from the boom basically hinges on how much their government is willing to do for them.
"For some of those that own land, the oil boom has been great," Vance Gillette, a 64-year-old lawyer from New Town, tells me over beers in the casino lounge. "The rank and file don't own land and so of course there's some resentment there."
It's hard to blame them.
Thanks to the tribe's 1936 constitution, MHA government budgets aren't subject to the sorts of disclosure and auditing requirements that are standard among federal, state, county, or municipal bodies. This fact is made all the more staggering by the amount of money the tribal council controls: Last year's budget set aside $72 million in a general fund and $421 million in a loosely d​efined "special projects" fund.
"There was no definition of what those special projects were," says Bird Bear, who also runs a popular Facebook​ ​page that documents the boom's impact on the reservation. "Nobody knows unless you're within the tribal government. The general membership doesn't know how the money is being spent."
The tribal council appropriates some of its money at monthly meetings, which are open to the public. Nevertheless, authorities often make significant spending decisions with little to no fanfare.
For instance, in September, officials broke ground on a $55 million hotel and casino project—a proposed five-story, 400-room development with four restaurants and a water park to be located directly across the street from the existing casino. Gillette says they only learned about this by reading the local paper.
The New Town News, in turn, does not publish all of its stories online. In order to track down the article, I had to call up the editor and ask for them to email me a copy. In other words, if you didn't happen to catch the September 19 print edition of The News or attend the meeting at which the council agreed to appropriate the money, you probably didn't hear about the new hotel.
Gillette shakes their head and takes a drag from their cigarette.
"There's a housing need; there is not a hotel need," Gillette says. "I can see the need for a Super 8 or something like that, but why do you need something like this?"
Inaction is another problem. Critics charge that authorities have ignored the most severe health and environmental troubles unleashed by the oil boom.
One is the sharp uptick in drug abuse. As outsiders began rushing into western North Dakota looking for jobs, they brought methamphe​tamines and heroin into the community. Tribal courts are now dominated by meth-related cases, but Fort Berthold still doesn't have any rehabilitation or treatment centers of its own.
"The meth up there is insane. The heroin up there is insane. They definitely need help," says one local law enforcement official.
After more than five years of frenetic drilling, the environmental footprint is staggering. It's hard to drive more than a few miles on the reservation without seeing evidence of flari​​ng, the ecologically reckless but economically rational practice of burning off excess natural gas that's too expensive to get to market. At night, the fiery hills look like a scaled-back version of Mordor.
To be sure, flaring is common across the oil patch, but Fort Berthold bears the brunt of it. (Forty percent of natural gas drilled on the reservation is burned off into the atmosphere, twice the amount as the rest of North Dakota, ​according to state regulators.)
It's not just the air. Major questions loom over the community's water supply.
In July, a pipeline operated by the Houston-based company Crestwood Midstream spilled a million gall​ons of brine—a hyper-salinated, metal-infused watery byproduct of fracking—into a ravine that flows into a tributary of Lake Sakakawea, the reservation's primary drinking water source. As of today, no fines have been assessed.
VICE has learned that's because the tribe's former chairperson Tex Hall—who themselves owns a comp​any that drills on the reservation and once testified in​ Congress against new frackin​g regulations—discouraged fellow officials from pursuing punitive action.
At this month's council meeting, I caught up with the MHA's environmental chief, Edmund Baker. They say that after the spill, Hall ignored their requests to obtain soil samples from the affected area.
"That's one of the major problems, the lack of deterrence," Baker says. "What kind of message does that send?"
Indeed, in the absence of a crackdown, the pipeline went on to spill twice more in the following months. In August, it spilled about 126,000 gallons. Then in October, the pipeline leaked another 6,300 gallons.
After losing their bid for re-election, Tex Hall left office earlier this month. Since the change in leadership, the tribe has worked with a third-party contractor—WH Pacific—to collect water and soil samples from the spill sites.
When Sierra Geraci, a representative from WH Pacific, finally briefed officials at the tribe's monthly council meeting, they revealed an unnerving amount of uncertainty: "We still don't know the full extent of the impact on the soils and surface water, the occurrence of groundwater contamination, the distance that contaminates have migrated towards the lake, the presence of radionu​clides in the drainage system, or the presence of metals in the creek sediments," they said.
Those samples are currently being analyzed at an EPA-certified laboratory. In the meantime, residents continue to use the water.
​
The recent change in leadership could usher in a new era on the reservation.
Earlier this month, MHA voters elected Mark Fox as their new chairperson. On the campaign trail, Fox floated the possibility of "slowing" down the oil boom. That rhetoric alone was enough to scare producers, who vente​d their fears to state regulators.
It remains to be seen just how scared they should be.
There are some signs, though, that the swap in leadership will translate into more accountability. For instance, at the first council meeting under Fox's rein, the tribe finally agreed to assess a potential fine against Crestwood. And while it may seem trivial, MHA Nation officials broadcast the entirety of that council meeting on the radio—the first time that's happened in recent memory.
Others are skeptical that the new leadership will substantially alter the status quo. Fox, after all, served as the tribal government's tax director for the last four years.
"There's a big difference between campaigning and when you're actually in the driver's seat, so to speak," says Marilyn Hudson, a 78-year-old resident of Parshall who also runs the tribe's museum in New Town.
"I really never understood what this thing was about slowing down the oil boom. How would you do it? Would it be step one, two, three, four?" Hudson continues. "The oil industry and its relationship to landowners is probably just too big for one person to slow it down."
If the new leadership can't slow down drilling, then perhaps it can better distribute the wealth generated by the boom. Observers say the new council under Fox may proceed with some type of formalized "per capita" or "per cap" program—the term used for payments that some tribes dole out to their members. (Hall's government took some initial steps toward this.)
Setting up such a program could run into tax obstacles, though, according to Gillette.
"If it's general welfare—medical issues, for instance—then the tribe can justify it. But if it's just a $10,000 check, it gets trickier," says Gillette. "If they start making big payments, the IRS will come knocking."
Toward the end of our conversation, I ask Gillette what they think life will be like on Fort Berthold when the boom finally ends. Nobody quite knows when that time will come.
"I'll probably move, I don't know," they say with a laugh, as I struggle to gauge their sincerity. "The ones with money, they're out of here, in Bismarck, in San Francisco, in Arizona. If I had the big bucks, I'd probably be out of here, too."​
Cole Stangler is a DC-based journalist covering labor and environmental issues whose. Their work has appeared in In These Times, the Nation, and the New Republic.Follow them on ​Twitter.
A hostess displays the new Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge smartphone during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona March 2, 2015. REUTERS/Gustau Nacarino
SEOUL (Reuters) - Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday that it will expand its Samsung Pay mobile payments service to markets such as China and Europe after an initial launch in South Korea and the United States later this year.
Rhee Injong, a Samsung executive vice president, told investors at a company event in Seoul that the firm is looking at a “September time frame” for the initial launch of the mobile payments service in South Korea and the U.S., coinciding with the launch of the firm's next flagship smartphone model.
They said Samsung will also launch the service in areas such as South America and Australia without giving a specific timeline.
A Novel Complaint
“Table one wants to see a manager.”
As a restaurant manager, my lap is a proverbial dumping ground where servers regularly invite grumpy and entitled customers to sit. In the prevailing I don't get paid enough to deal with this shit culture which permeates the service staffs in most eateries, the feces usually rises to the top – and most days I just happen to find myself occupying the highest rung on the crapometer ladder.
“What am I walking into,” I ask so I know which one of my standard I really don't care about your petty bullshit but I'm getting paid to fake it so let's get this over with responses I need to dust off.
“Something about not being happy with the Salmon Oscar.” And with that they scurried off to prevent the world from entering cataclysmic chaos by refilling countless half-full iced teas while simultaneously making sure there was enough artery-clogging butter to slather every bread morsel in sight.
Now before any panties inevitably get bundled, let me explain. Complaints are as unavoidable in the service industry as homophobia is in North Carolina, and every restaurant manager understands and accepts this – at least the complaint part. But just as there are different degrees of socially-sanctioned discrimination based on geography, so too are there acceptable degrees of bitching when it comes to your food. If, as a restauranteur, we screw up for whatever reason and it's entirely our fault that your expectations weren't met, then I will be the first person in line with puckered lips ready to kiss your ass and make things right regardless of how chapped your butt cheeks have to be in order to get there. That's how good businesses operate, and any successful manager knows that. If, however, you're a charter member of the 95% of unreasonable and entitled individuals who complain in restaurants whose primary goal in life is to be entitled and unreasonable – then I'll sniff you out and escort your gift-card-seeking ass on its merry way, because you are more of an opportunist than a customer. Businesses don't remain open very long by catering to opportunists, and it's my job as a manager to be both a caretaker for the company that employs me and to the employees whose livelihoods I'm responsible for.
I approached table one with all the enthusiasm of a Southern Baptist being forced to attend a Hillary Clinton campaign rally. And there I found them: A woman sporting what I assumed was their normal upside down smile accompanied by their two teenage fuck trophies. I could immediately sense that the cloud of disappointment that hung over them was about as welcome as raindrops falling on the Indianapolis 500.
“I understand you requested to see a manager?”
They sighed as if they were exhaling their very soul while pointing at the empty plate that sat in front of them “I eat here all the time, and I have to tell you this is the most disappointing experience I've ever had.”
I stood there anxiously counting the seconds until their next iambic pentameter, but was instead greeted with the sort of deafening silence that would make most monks envious. So I was forced to coax the next sonnet from them
“Do tell.”
“Well, I always order the Salmon Oscar,” they confessed in their best Shakespearean impersonation. “But today it came out cold the first time.”
I again eagerly awaited their sequel with the kind of fervor usually reserved for a Star Wars enthusiast clamoring for the next overdue installment. But being the sort of reclusive storyteller that would make even J.D. Salinger seem like an over-exposed socialite, they forced me to prod them even further for the much anticipated follow-up edition.
“And did you inform your server about this?”
“I sure did,” they proudly announced. “He took it back to the kitchen and had the chef heat it up.”
Not unlike a well-crafted novel that just can't be put down until every word has been voraciously consumed, I stood there anticipating the next episode in their saga the same way a pre-pubescent clings to every syllable regurgitated by J.K. Rowling.
“And…”
“Well, they brought it back,” they confessed. “The plate was hot, but the salmon was still cold.”
Like a Michael Crichton thriller adventure leading its reader down unexpected twists and turns, I hung on for dear life as they continued to tease me with their rollercoaster of a yarn that had me buckled in for the long haul, not entirely sure what unexpected sensation awaited me around the next corner.
“And it appears that you ate the entire entrée.”
“Well, yes I did,” they divulged. “By then I was hungry and didn't want to cause a scene by sending it back a third time. But I didn't enjoy it at all.”
And it was then that I arrived at the final page of their script, only to find our hero comfortably nestled in a pile of hubris while impatiently awaiting the offer of the complimentary meal which would assuredly right all the unjustified wrongs they had experienced in their life up to that point.
But I wasn't buying – either their fairy tale or dinner.
You see, our chef doesn't send out cold food. Ever. And every refire is required to be delivered by either a Sous Chef, a Manager, or the Chef themselves – whoever is most available when the food is ready. And upon delivery of the entrée, we require the guest to sample the food in front of us and concur that it is indeed acceptable and up to their or their standards before we walk away – thus eliminating the possibility of the scenario I currently found myself in.
Game. Set. And match.
“Since you ate your entire meal there really isn't much I can do for you about that,” I told them while acknowledging their empty plate for added emphasis. “However, as a consolation I'll be happy to buy you a couple of desserts which all of you can enjoy after your children have finished their meals.”
After digesting my compromise, their frown grew a frown it could call its very own. To make matters worse for her, their loin fruit lit up at the thought of getting the dessert which apparently hadn't been part of their mother's original extortion game plan.
‘Well, I don't think that will actually work for us,” they craftily countered with the sort of whine that makes fingernails on a chalkboard sound like an afternoon of Mozart in comparison. “You see, we're in a hurry and don't really have time to stay for dessert.”
“Oh, that won't be a problem. I'll tell your server to package them up so you can take them with you. Have a nice day now and we'll look forward to seeing you again next time.”
The End.
– Jeri Velgreen
My blog: customer crap
Advertisement Baby, young mother found dead in Millvale Medical examiner says cause and manner of death pending for both Share Copy Link Copy
A young woman and their infant son were found dead in their home at the Chrismar Apartments, in Millvale, on Friday morning.The medical examiner has identified the woman as 22-year-old Sara Kessler and their son as 10-month-old Casey Kessler.The medical examiner says the cause and manner of death for Sara Kessler are pending.VIDEO: Watch Bob Hazen's updateKessler and their baby were found by Kessler's brother Matt Knaus.Police said there was no sign of foul play. Sources told Pittsburgh's Action News 4 reporter Marcie Cipriani that the woman may have overdosed, and their baby likely starved following their death."She was found in the bedroom on the bed. Unknown causes at this time. She's a very young girl; 22 years old. They lived there alone with their baby," Allegheny County assistant police superintendent Jim Morton said. "The baby was found in the living room. It looked like they were trying to get around somehow by themselves for who knows how long."Police said Kessler's apartment was the only apartment occupied on the building's second floor, so if Casey cried, it's likely no one would have heard him."Can you imagine a little baby, laying there not knowing," said Stacey Burns, who came to the neighborhood to visit a friend.According to investigators, they were found dead when the woman's brother went to the apartment to check on them.Police said Kessler's mother died of natural causes, in the same apartment, in November.One of Kessler's friends, Amma Berman, responded to the tragedy on Facebook."Sara was the greatest friend anyone could ask for," said Berman. "She put everyone before themselves and their son before everyone. They would never allow anything bad to happen to Casey.""She was an extremely strong woman who had challenges thrown their way left and right."
There will be anywhere between six to seven days of searing heat on the East Coast where temperatures are reaching the mid-90s. Heat advisories will be in effect across much of the northeast into New England. Meteorologist Janice Huff reports
Blistering heat and stifling humidity settled on Monday over tens of millions of people from Maine through the Ohio Valley, and forecasters warned that relief was as far off as the weekend -- day or night.
The culprit was a dome of high pressure that effectively turned a quarter of the country into a convection oven. It's not expected to budge until a cold front shoves it out of the way on Friday.
The heat was expected to be more stifling Monday at the Canadian border than in the Carolinas, and more oppressive along the Great Lakes than along the Rio Grande.
Slideshow: Sizzling summer Julie Jacobson / AP As the weather heats up, families and friends head outdoors to soak up the sun Launch slideshow
Making matters worse, nighttime lows across much of the Northeast are expected to drop only into the low 80s, compounding the heat for the following day. In the dead of night Monday in Philadelphia, it will feel like 90 degrees.
“If you think you're going to do a run later in the day or, you know, go into your garden later in the day, you can't. It's just too hot,” said Stephanie Abrams, a meteorologist for The Weather Channel.
Full coverage from weather.com
Forecasters said the heat would only grow by the day. The forecast high for Philadelphia is 94 on Monday, 95 on Wednesday and 97 on Thursday. For Newark, N.J., the expected high is 95 on Monday, 97 on Thursday and 98 on Friday.
The health commissioner of Philadelphia, where the heat index Monday could reach as high as 103 degrees, activated special summer heat programs, including a hotline for heat emergencies.
Readers share their hot weather pictures
The intense heat being felt across the United States isn't going away anytime soon, with temperatures holding their ground in the high 90s throughout the rest of the week.
Con Edison, the utility that provides power to New York, said it was prepared for outages and had extra crews on call, although it said a $1.2 billion upgrade after Hurricane Sandy should help keep the juice flowing.
Another worry is a spike in the population of mosquitoes, particularly the kind that carry West Nile Virus.
The season's first West-Nile bearing culex mosquitoes in Connecticut were captured in Norwalk last week, according to the Hartford Courant.
"Unfortunately, the weather conditions we're having, with high heat, high humidity and occasional rain, replenish these sites," state entomologist Ted Andreadis told the Courant. "I think the virus will start to build."
The East wasn't the only part of the country broiling. The forecast high was 97 for Billings, Mont., 99 for Medford, Ore., and 101 for Boise, Idaho. Those are as much as 10 degrees above average for this time of year.
How are you staying cool? Show us by adding #NBCNewsPics to your tweet or Instagram post, or upload your pictures directly by clicking the box below.
Forecasters posted a heat advisory for parts of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania and warned people to stay out of the sun and check on neighbors and relatives.
They took the more serious step of posting an excessive heat warning — defined as a prolonged period of dangerously high temperatures — for the counties around Philadelphia.
It has already been a hotter July than normal. The average temperature this month has been five to six degrees above normal in Boston and elsewhere and New England, and three to four degrees above normal in New York and Philadelphia.
As far north as Vermont, temperatures were in the 90s. Burlington, Vt., even hit a record high temperature for the day -- 93 degrees, meteorologist Michael Muccilli of the National Weather Service told NBC News. The last time it hit 93 was on July 15, 1955.
People in the area were escaping the heat by going down to Lake Champlain or taking a dip in local rivers and streams, Muccilli said.
Jeff Black of NBC News contributed to this report.
This story was originally published on
When Nicole Ramos hikes in Acadia National Park, they are elated they can bring Lucy, their Jack Russell Terrier.
Otherwise, they are unsure of what they would do. “I'd probably be disappointed and maybe have to go somewhere else,” said Ramos, 35, of Camden, Me., while starting a hike with Lucy along the Asticou & Jordan Pond Path in Acadia.
Of the 59 national parks, Acadia is in the minority in keeping dogs and owners together on hiking trails. In fact, Acadia is among only a few national parks – Shenandoah in Virginia is another – that allow dogs and other pets on trails, as long as they are leashed, according to the National Park Service. My friend recently took their Goldendoodle out for a walk around some national parks. They met with some other Goldendoodle owners and they asked Are Goldendoodles Hypoallergenic?
When they plan a trip to Acadia, dog owners are generally happy to discover that they don't need to leave their pets at home or place them in a kennel if they want to hike.
“I couldn't put them in a kennel,” said Todd Long, a water well service contractor from Brevard, N.C., who was walking on the Cadillac Summit Loop Trail with Chelsea and Daisy, their two Jack Russell Terriers, during their first-ever visit to Acadia.
“They are too spoiled. They are used to being with me,” said Long.
(See Acadia on My Mind's new page for Top 5 hikes for dogs)
Dogs often climb peaks in Acadia.
Carolina Garces and James Falzarano, both 24, of Boston, said they hiked with their mixed-breed, Olaf, to the top of 1,248-foot Pemetic Mountain, the fourth highest in Acadia.
“It was steep,” said Garces, a nutritionist, during a break from a hike along the Asticou & Jordan Pond Path. “We were wondering if they could do it.”
Dogs can even hop aboard the Island Explorer, a fare-free shuttle bus that operates in Acadia late June through Columbus Day.
Alison Reynolds, a registered nurse, and their husband, Peter Reynolds, a retired public school principal, from Vermont, exited the bus at Jordan Pond with their Standard Poodle, Dodger.
Dodger hiked with them on trails such as Wonderland and Ship Harbor Trail, two of the best in the park for dogs.
“You bet,” Peter Reynolds said when asked if Dodger would be at their side on a planned hike to Beech Mountain.
Other best hikes for dogs include Bar Island Trail, Compass Harbor Trail, Schooner Head Path, Great Meadow Loop, Beech Cliff Loop, and Ocean Path.
Pets are also welcome at Blackwoods and Seawall campgrounds, but not at the Duck Harbor campground on Isle au Haut.
Where you can't let the dogs out
Great Smoky National Park, Yellowstone, Yosemite, Glacier, Rocky Mountain and several others generally ban dogs from hiking trails, according to the park service.
Dogs are permitted on 12 miles of paved trails above the rim on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon, but they are banned from the inner canyon, shuttle buses and almost all North Rim trails.
At Yellowstone, the nation's first national park, a faithful pet can't get near Old Faithful. Dogs are also prohibited in the back country and on trails and boardwalks such as the one for Old Faithful Geyser.
What fun is it if you can't bring your dog on a hike?
“It's safe to say we wouldn't have come to the park today if dogs were not allowed,” said Ken Nicholls, of Silver Springs, Md., who was walking on Cadillac with their Welsh Corgis, Howie and Robbie. “It's certainly a factor. We like traveling with them.”
“I don't have children,” added Nicholls, a retired chief operating officer with the ALS Association. “We enjoy them. They like the exercise. We like the exercise. It's a fair deal.”
“Embrace dogs? ” one reader commented on a 2013 National Parks Traveler article about dogs and national parks. “In most every park, dogs are confined to parking lots or front range campsites.”
In banning dogs from trails, parks cite factors such as possible clashes with native wildlife, pet escapes, possible bear attacks and maybe exchanges of diseases among animals. National Parks Traveler offered some tips for bringing dogs to national park sites in the 2013 article.
To the north of Acadia, dogs and other pets are banned altogether from Baxter State Park, home to the spectacular 5,268-foot Mt. Katahdin.
In Acadia and other parks, dogs must be on a leash no longer than 6 feet and owners must remove pet waste.
Dog owners often violate the leash rule, especially in the back country.
According to Charlie Jacobi, natural resource specialist for Acadia, surveys have shown that the percent of owners who abide by leash rules can be as low as 38 percent and as high as 55 percent.
Acadia's rules for pets
Even in Acadia, dogs are banned from certain ladder trails such as the Precipice, Beehive, Perpendicular and Jordan Cliffs.
In addition, “there are many other trails or sections of trails for which it is difficult to keep your dog on a leash because they are so rugged,” said Jacobi, including the Giant Slide, Pemetic Northwest, Spring, Parkman Mountain, Acadia Mountain, Bubbles (heading from South Bubble to Jordan Pond), Sargent East Cliffs and Cadillac West Face trails.
“I would not recommend any of these to hikers with dogs, and there are some others that are almost as tough,” said Jacobi in an e-mail. “My advice — ask a ranger.”
Pets are allowed on all 45 miles of carriage roads, but there are other rules that affect access.
For example, pets are prohibited from beaches during the swim season and Wild Gardens of Acadia at Sieur de Monts.
Rangers have been known to rescue injured or lost dogs in Acadia.
About 15 years ago late in March, for example, a ranger drove celebrity Martha Stewart and their dog off a carriage road, because the dog couldn't walk.
The dog needed the ride because it had just had foot surgery.
Stewart owns an estate in Seal Harbor on Mount Desert Island.
If you're hiking a restricted trail or swimming at Sand Beach or Echo Lake when they're off-limits to pets, you can always leave your dog with a local pet sitter.
It's not just Acadia National Park that is pet friendly. It's also the surrounding community and businesses.
For instance, there's Bark Harbor in Bar Harbor, a pet supply store that often features pictures of visiting dogs on its Facebook page. On its Web site, Bark Harbor even lists pet-friendly lodging and restaurants.
And the Eastern National store in the Hulls Cove Visitor Center offers “Bark Ranger” items like leashes, which are also available online at eParks, the online store for national parks (see eParks ad in sidebar).
In fact, dogs are more welcome than some people. While dogs are allowed on about 100 miles of Acadia's hiking trails, people on bikes are prohibited from all hiking trails. Bicyclists, hikers and horses are allowed on carriage roads.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCIV) -- Recruiters with a local staffing company say there's a need to hire more than 300 people for numerous job openings across the Lowcountry.
In fact, at one local company alone, managers need to hire more than 300 people by October. Other businesses are trying to fill full-time positions, too.
And they're considering people of all ages and backgrounds.
"The jobs that I had throughout college have both involved customer service," said Carson Fisher during their first job interview after graduating from the College of Charleston.
"As far as a typical day, the majority of the time is going to be spent on the phones," explained Lindsay Pate, a senior technical recruiter.
Fisher's interview is taking place at Johnson Service Group, a professional placement corporation in North Charleston that hires for its clients.
"I just graduated with a degree in history and historic preservation. So with those majors, it has been a little difficult to find an entry level position for me," said Fisher.
Recruiters say they're looking through applications and resumes to fill 325 positions with various local companies. Interviews are taking place, but company officials say they need more qualified candidates to meet the demand.
Technical recruiters at Johnson Service Group give credit to companies like Boeing for attracting highly skilled and higher paying jobs across the Lowcountry.
And some of those companies are hiring now.
"Typically we look for early career, engineering, and IT professionals," said Melissa Medlin, a senior account manager with Johnson Service Group.
They say the job openings have differing needs.
"One of our larger clients does require a bachelor's degree. And then some of our other clients just require a certain amount of experience for that position and some technical trades as well," said Medlin.
Education and skills helped job seekers like Fisher get hired. They begin their new job on June 25.
Officials with Johnson Service Group said these full-time jobs pay between $30,000 and $100,000 depending on the type of position. To learn more, go to www.jsginc.com.
Posted by
Harjeet Johal ,
March 18, 2015 Twitter
@HarJournalist Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C - The Vancouver Whitecaps are preparing to play Cascadian rival the Portland Timbers on Saturday night at BC Place with a long list of players who will be absent from the fixture. Darren Mattocks, Russell Teibert Christian Dean (International Duty), Sam Adekugbe, Mauro Rosales, Marco Bustos (Injured), and Diego Rodriguez, Kekuta Manneh (Suspension) will all be unavailable.
Carl Robinson will look to bolster their teams depth with Robert Earnshaw. The now retired Welsh international was signed to a MLS contract on Wednesday and will make the team sheet on Saturday. Earnshaw joined the Caps on a preseason trial in early February, and they talked about signing with Vancouver.
"It was ideal, I'm just happy that we got there and we got the negotiations through. I'm happy that I've signed and I'm happy to be here because this is a great place to play. I'm looking forward to these challenges and it's something that excites me."
I'm very excited to officially join Whitecaps FC and be a part of this great organization,” https://t.co/pS715YdU6b @WhitecapsFC @MLS — Robert Earnshaw (@RobertEarnshaw) March 25, 2015 The 33 year-old former Cardiff City legend will provide strong leadership, experience, a goal scoring mentality, and a strong work ethic. The Whitecaps have had a void in terms of a veteran striker since the departure of Kenny Miller last spring. Robinson spoke about the role "Ernie" will have with the Whitecaps.
"He brings experience, they bring a lot of goals as well. I think he's raring to go. Having the experience since I lost Kenny Miller was important. I didn't want to rush into a decision. Bringing in Octavio has been very positive for us to help the young group of forwards that I've got. Obviously Darren's missing, Erik's still available, but we were a little bit bare. I wanted to bring in someone with the understanding of their role. Sitting down with Ernie, they know what I expect from him. There will be times when they play, there will be times when they don't play, and there will be times when they come off the bench. It's a good signing for us."
Earnshaw started their MLS career in 2013 with Toronto FC and scored 8 goals in 26 matches. During a brief cup of coffee with Chicago, Earnshaw tallied 3 goals in 5 matches during the 2014 season. Like any excellent and talented striker, wherever Earnshaw has played they have been able to score a pile of goals.
"One of my qualities is scoring goals. If I get half a chance, a chance, I'm excited about that chance. When you put me in front of goal, that's the thing that I live for. I've scored goals throughout my career and that's one thing that I'll hopefully add. The other thing is obviously experienced, but also I want to bring that passion, that character within the dressing room, and on the field help my teammates. We've got a young group."
Earnshaw has played a lot of football all over the world. If they enter the match on Saturday they will be making their latest debut into another fantastic rivalry between two terrific franchises. The Zambian born Earnshaw was complimentary and also confident in their team's abilities as they discussed playing Portland.
"Portland will be a tough test, we played them in preseason. They're a very good team. They like to pass, they work hard, but it's going to be an enjoyable game. It's going to be interesting because I think our style... I don't think they're going to like it. I don't think they're going to like to play against Vancouver Whitecaps. I don't mean that in any bad way. If we put every bit of effort there, and make us play the best way we can possibly play, we give ourselves a chance of a win."
While Robert Earnshaw is the newest Whitecaps player another attacking option was linked to the Vancouver club earlier this week.
Cristian Techera is a 22 year-old Uruguayan winger who plays for Club Atlético River Plate in Uruguay. This tweet from a Uruguayan journalist started the rumour mill and Carl Robinson was asked about the five-foot two-inch Techera.
#MercadodePases Cristian Techera jugador de #RiverPlate es nuevo jugador del @WhitecapsFC Vancouver de la #MLS Baja para Almada. — Julio César Gard (@juliocesargard) March 26, 2015 "We've been linked with a number of players over the last few weeks. I think last week I was answering a question on Bryan Ruiz. As I said there, if I want a player I'll pick up the phone to the manager and we'll try and do a deal. It's just another one and at the moment there's really more else I can say."
Vancouver has built a strong club with a lot of depth. When the Whitecaps kickoff against the Timbers that depth will be tested. The addition of Earnshaw will help balance out scoring and provide another brilliant threat up top. Portland and the rest of MLS won't be able to solely focus in on Octavio Rivero.
Notes: Robert Earnshaw will be wear kit number 88.
In the article I published on Monday I introduced our (Constantinos Chappas and I) ExpG2 metric as an objective quantitative method to rate the shot saving performances of goalkeepers. Due to the way that ExpG2 values are calculated it makes an excellent objective measure of how effectively a goalkeeper dealt with the shots they faced.
To recap, the ExpG2 value is the goal expectation that each shot has after it has been struck by the player shooting and it is calculated with reference to all of the data that we know about the shot. One of the main drivers of the ExpG2 values is the placement of the shots. Any shot that is blocked or off target has an ExpG2 value of zero.
What information do we know about the shot?
We have the information that is provided by Squawka and StatsZone (both of which are powered by Opta). Unfortunately, we have no defensive pressure data available to us so the ExpG2 values do not take into account defensive pressure. Still, even with that omission we're left with what, in my opinion, is the most objective measurement of how a goalkeeper performed from a shot stopping point of view.
My article on Monday looked at EPL ratings for last season, and I promised that I would use the same methodology to rate the goalkeepers for the current season. I'm going to present the data from the first 8 games in the EPL this season, but due to the lack of games played I need to issue a warning as to the volatility of these results.
You will see that even just 1 more goal conceded or prevented may substantially change the ratings at this early stage of the season. That's not the fault of ExpG2, it's simply reporting mathematically, what has happened.
2013/14 EPL Season (thru 8 Games)
We'll start off with looking at all shots for goalkeepers that have faced at least 32 shots (that's 4 per game).
ExpG2 is the amount of goals that our model expected the goalkeepers to concede based on the type of shot and shot placement
Goals are the number of goals conceded by the respective GKs
Save Efficiency is (ExpG2 / Goals), with a higher number signifying less goals than expected were conceded
This table has been sorted by default in descending order of Save Efficiency, but you can sort the table as you wish.
Southampton
We can immediately see part of the reason why Southampton has had such a great defensive record at the start of this season. The concession of just 3 goals means that their defence has conceded the least so far in the Premier League. As you would expect with such an excellent defensive performance, it has been achieved as a function of both great goalkeeping and a defence or team that protected them very well.
From the protection point of view, the fact that the shots faced by Boruc has lower ExpG2 values than all the other teams in the Premier League demonstrates that their teammates in front of them have excelled at ensuing Boruc had just the minimum amount of work to do.
The Save Efficiency % suggests that Boruc has massively outperformed as they have saved 4 more goals than their numbers would have suggested. Their value of 230% is excellent, but unless they now gets changed in a phone box before matches and wears their underpants outside their shorts their Save Eff number will inevitably have to reduce.
For reference, De Gea was the league leader in this measure last season at 138%.
Although I'm absolutely confident that Boruc's Save Eff % will regress, it will be really interesting to see if their teammates can keep them as well protected for the remainder of this season.
Here is Boruc's Shot Chart for shots faced this season. Saves are the white balls and goals conceded are the red ones. You can see why they have earned a rating of 230%.
Boruc's Shots Faced
Cech, Lloris, Begovic and Mignolet are all bunched up fairly tight behind Boruc as the best of the rest. Each of those 4 goalkeepers has saved their teams approximately 2 – 2.5 goals so far this season.
Mignolet's performance reaffirms the decision that Liverpool made to replace Reina with the Belgian.
Eagle-eyed readers will see that this table doesn't average at 100%. The reason for this is that our model wasn't fitted using just this dataset. We used a number of leagues and a longer time period. The fact that the average sits well above 100% tells us that goals haven't been scored at the rates that the raw shot data would dictate. Perhaps this may be due to the defensive pressure in the Premier League that we cannot measure, or it may also be due to short term variance. Most likely, it'll be a combination of those two factors.
Fulham
Anyone who follows me on Twitter will have seen the Fulham Shot Chart that I published yesterday morning. They have conceded a huge amount of shots from what appear to be great locations:
Yet they have only conceded 10 goals. So, for me, it's interesting to see that the ability of Fulham to prevent those shots turning into goals on a more regular basis doesn't seem to be down to the performance of Stockwell in goals as they are actually one of the poorer performing keepers so far on this metric.
Everton fans won't like to see Tim Howard with just 92%. Mind you, the Man City fans might just wish that Tim Howard was their goalkeeper.
Joe Hart
In Monday's article I concluded that Joe Hart was below average last season, and this under performance was solely attributable to the long range shots they faced. As I said at the top of this piece, it's early in the season and much too early to be drawing too many conclusions from these numbers but the lack of saves made thus far by Joe Hart is alarming. They have conceded almost 2 goals more than the shots they have faced would suggest.
If I can brielfy have a licence to be melodramatic, we can compare the sublime (Boruc) with the ridiculous (Hart) with Joe Hart's shot chart:
As England's Number 1, or even just a Premier League standard goalkeeper, Hart will be disappointed with how poorly they have saved the shots aimed at them during City's opening 8 games. In this regard it will be interesting to see how Hart performs over the remainder of the season and just how high they can lift their rating from the current 81%.
Shots from Inside the Penalty Area
We have included goalkeepers that have faced at least 32 shots from inside the penalty area.
Unsurprisingly, the general shape of this table is the same as the overall one with a few noticeable differences.
Joe Hart has a more respectable 104% Save Efficiency rating for close range shots (this mirror's last season's pattern) and Arsenal's Szczesny goes the other way down the table with what looks to be some poor shot stopping from shots taken inside the area.
Shots from outside the Penalty Area
The final table shows the shots that each keeper faced from outside the area. Given the relatively few goals that the keepers have conceded from long range shots at this stage of the season these ratings are incredibly volatile and will change quite a lot as more goals are conceded.
So with that in mind, a large dollop of prudence is required when trying to undertake any analysis of these values. They are provided for information purposes as much as anything else.
Joe Hart's unfortunate penchant for being beaten from long range has seemed to continue into this new season. They have conceded 3 goals from outside the penalty area, when our model suggests that they should have been beaten on only one occasion. It does appear that Hart has an issue with saving long range shots; this pattern has emerged from this data, the piece I looked at on Monday as well as this article by Paul Riley. Generally, I'm not a fan of long range shooting, but if I was advising any of Man City's opposition I certainly wouldn't be discouraging them from trying their luck from long range a little more often than would ordinarily be good for them.
At the top of the table, Szczesny has done really well in producing a mirror image of Hart's numbers – they conceded just 1 goal when they “should have” conceded 3, whilst two other London based keepers, Cech and Lloris, are yet to be defeated from shots outside the area.
It's worth noting that Szczesny's ExpG2 value for shots from outside the area is significantly higher than any of the other keepers in the league. This is due to the fact that Arsenal has been excellent at forcing teams to shoot from long ranges.
Here is the Shots Chart for shots conceded by Arsenal this season:
The Small Print
For those not familiar with my work, perhaps a brief introduction to me may help manage readers' expectations.
I see myself primarily as a sports bettor and the articles that I write here on Statsbomb are only possible thanks to the huge amount of data that I have collated and analysed for betting purposes. If I didn't bet then I'm quite sure that I wouldn't have spent the time required to collect the necessary data.
So the plus side is that my articles exist as a by-product of my football betting. The downside is that I always need to be mindful of my betting edge. This inevitably means that I can't get into specifics as to how our models work or what's taken into account in their calculation. Sorry, but that's the deal I made with myself.
Related
Article by Colin Trainor
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (KNWA) -- Sen. John Boozman, R-Arkansas, said Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore should withdraw from the race following allegations of sexual misconduct with underage girls.
The Arkansas senator said while expelling Moore from the U.S. Senate should they win their December election is "hypothetical" at this point, they should withdraw.
KNWA/KFTA reached out to Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Arkansas, about the Alabama election, and their office didn't return any requests for comment.
The New York Times reports Cotton is one of three senators who haven't publicly commented on the allegations. The other two are Thad Cochran, R-Mississippi and Rand Paul, R-Kentucky.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, have both said Moore should withdraw.
“Whatsoever is perfect in its kind, in literature, is imperishable: nobody can imitate it successfully, nobody can hope to produce its fellow; it is perfect, it must and will stand alone: its immortality is secure. … One cannot open this book anywhere and not find richness.”
In their introduction to the 1883 American edition of English As They Are Spoke, Mark Twain wrote some of the most glowing praise he's ever laid on any work, ever:
Twain isn't being entirely sarcastic. While their claim that, “this celebrated little phrase-book will never die while the English language lasts” might be slightly facetious, English As They Are Spoke is still a popular text over a hundred years after its release, often published and now available in over a dozen e-book editions. That's rare for the ever temporary humor genre, yet extremely funny for what can only be described as a stupidly-translated phrasebook.
English As They Are Spoke is a broken Portuguese-to-English phrasebook written by two translators, José da Fonseca and Pedro Carolino. Sort of. You see, in reality, translator Pedro Carolino wanted to create a phrasebook on their own. Not knowing English, they took José da Fonseca's French-to-English phrasebook and then used a Portuguese-to-French phrasebook to translate that. It's sort of like what you and your friends do on Google Translate, but with a poor, mislead Portuguese man doing it by hand in candlelight.
Although it was originally published in Portugal under a much more benign title, it was only so long before the book migrated to literary circles in London, where it became the Victorian equivalent of a viral video. Friends passed it to friends who giggled over — even then — unintentionally sexual phrases such as, “He does the devil at four.” Soon it was republished in America and England under its more famous title, quickly becoming a bestseller on both sides of the pond.
While it's easy to call the humor derived from English As They Are Spoke xenophobic (the same accusation often lobbed at blogs documenting Asian “Engrish”), the joke here isn't just “stupid foreigner.” Rather, the laughs are from the around-the-world path that these common phrases took to English. It's supposed to be educational, but there is no way this book could ever teach you English.
“Familiar Phrases” are neither familiar nor really phrases. The mistranslation of “Idioms” as “Idiotisms” is just childishly delightful. And the “Anecdotes” section — oh, the “Anecdotes” section! — is a series of jokes that are so butchered that they end up sounding more like a crazy dream than a funny story with a punchline. Check out the second joke below, which is actually coherent until its entirely nonsense ending.
And therein lies the beauty of English As They Are Spoke: the nonsense seems to come at the perfect moment. Most of the time, the book is simply a poorly-translated mess. Ha-ha, fine. But every page has one shining moment where the reader thinks she's about to have a handle on what Carolino's getting at, only to have their legs cut out from under them And it is a beautiful, hilarious moment.
While mistranslations are funny, English As They Are Spoke makes you work for your humor. When you read a phrase like, “To craunch the marmoset,” you aren't just laughing because that's a funny series of words, you're laughing because you're trying to figure out what intentional meaning that phrase could have possibly had. And when you see “Chinaman” listed under “Trades,” you can't help by wonder how the hell it got there.
As an Ur text of unintentional humor, English As They Are Spoke holds up surprisingly well today. While some of the phrases were funnier than than now, there are other phrases that are much funnier today than they were a hundred years ago (especially the common use of the giggle-worthy, “come in mouth”).
Is it juvenile to laugh at mistranslations? Yes. Is this book older than any person currently living? Yes. Is it worth reading for free? Absolutely.
To make paps for the cats.
Mike Drucker is a lovely man with many positive characteristics. They have written for Saturday Night Live, The Onion, McSweeney's, and Nintendo. He's also a stand-up or something, I guess.
Hundreds of protesters blocked the streets.
EMBED >More News Videos Protesters in Charlotte vandalize police vehicles.
Keith Lamont Scott
Protesters in Charlotte clashed with police in riot gear in a tense scene Tuesday evening into Wednesday morning after police shot and killed a person carrying a gun at a Charlotte apartment complex.Seven Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officers were taken to the hospital along with one civilian. Many more reportedly had minor injuries as protesters threw numerous objects, including rocks and water bottles, at police officers. One officer was hit in the face with a rock.The protests spilled onto Interstate 85, blocking the highway for hours.Protesters targeted police cruisers. One damaged vehicle was towed away.Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts tweeted late Tuesday evening: "I will continue to work with our manager & Chief on officer involved shooting. We are reaching out to community to ask for calm.The community deserves answers and full investigation will ensue. Will be reaching out to community leaders to work together"At one point, protesters began a chant of "black lives matter." The man fatally shot by police was black. The officer involved in the shooting is also black.The officer was identified as Brentley Vinson. As is standard procedure with any officer-involved shooting, Vinson was placed on paid administrative leave. Vinson has been employed with the CMPD since July 21, 2014, and is assigned to the Metro Division.The man fatally shot was identified as Keith Lamont Scott. Their family has been notified of their death.Police initially went to the apartment complex on the city's northeast side looking for a suspect with an outstanding warrant.Police said Scott was not the suspect officers were searching for, but had exited from a vehicle with a firearm and the officers believed they posed an imminent deadly threat.Scott's family quickly challenged the police account of the fatal shooting, saying they were not armed and that Scott, a father of seven, was holding a book and waiting for their son to be dropped off from school.Detectives say they recovered the firearm they believe Scott had been holding at the time of the shooting at the scene.Scott exited the car with a gun, and then got back in, police said. When officers approached the car, they got out of the car with the gun again.At that point, officers considered them a threat and fired their weapons. Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters at the scene that at least one officer shot the person.Detectives were interviewing witnesses, police said.Scott was taken to Carolinas Medical Center and later pronounced dead.When hundreds of protesters gathered to demonstrate the shooting Tuesday night, police blocked access to the area, which is about a mile from the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.Early Wednesday morning, the unrest raged on as a group of people blocked traffic on I-85. A live video feed from a WSOC-TV helicopter hovering above the scene appeared to show people removing items from the back of trucks on the highway.The scene on I-85 appeared to devolve into looting, with people pulling items from tractor-trailers and burning boxes.A group of people attempted to break in to a Walmart, WSOC-TV reported, and scattered when police arrived at the scene.
TokyoGirls'Update
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu Reveals Them Past 5 Years Through “KYARY PAMYU PAMYU ARTWORK EXHIBITION 2011-2016”
Sponsored Links
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu's artwork exhibition “KYARY PAMYU PAMYU ARTWORK EXHIBITION 2011-2016” will open from December 16 to 25 at Laforet Museum in Laforet Harajuku 6F, Tokyo.
It's been 5 years since Kyary Pamyu Pamyu made their debut, and this artwork exhibition will display all 18 CD jacket designs that they released so far, in addition to the costumes that they wore in their photo book and more than 100 unpublished photos.
Celebrating the opening of this artwork exhibition, photo book “KYARY PAMYU PAMYU ARTWORKS 2011-2016 STEVE NAKAMURA” will be published in December 8. This photo book includes almost 300 photos related to Kyary's art work, STEVE NAKAMURA(Art director of Kyary's works)'s commentary on the art works, and conversation between Kyary and STEVE NAKAMURA.
Original stickers will be included in the first produced photo books, and from December 16, the special package “KYARY PAMYU PAMYU ARTWORKS 2011-2016 STEVE NAKAMURA” with an original book cover will be sold in KPP WEB STORE.
Event Information
KYARY PAMYU PAMYU ARTWORK EXHIBITION 2011-2016
Date: December 16 (Fri.) – December 25 (Sat.)2
Place: Laforet Museum, Laforet, HARAJUKU 6F, Tokyo
Laforet HARAJUKU
1-11-6 Jingumae, Shibuya-ku,
Tokyo 150-0001
Related Links
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu Art work Exhibition Website: http://kpp5.jp/ja/pc/contents/exhibition.html
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu Official Website: http://kyary.asobisystem.com/
KPP WEB STORE: http://store.kyary.net/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/pamyurin?lang=ja
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kyarykyary0129/?hl=ja
Sponsored Links
Share This Article
Author Serina Born in Sydney, raised in Tokyo, fan of Hello! Project idols and loves kawaii culture.
You may also like
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Date and time values are used for many important functions such as searching, validation, and report generation. There is no standard format for dates in web applications, as people in different time zones and countries prefer different formats. Therefore, adapting to any kind of date format can be a challenge as a front end developer. Today, we are going to see how to effectively use date and time functions in JavaScript.
Getting Started with the Date Object
The basic Date constructor takes no parameters, and is initialized to the current date, as shown below.
We can clearly see that the resulting date depends on your local time zone, as two different time zones are shown.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
var today = new Date(); // Thu Feb 27 2013 15:15:25 GMT+1000 (EST) // Thu Feb 27 2013 10:45:25 GMT+0530 (IST)
There are two primary ways of using the Date object:
Custom dates can be generated by providing the format or specific date as the parameter to the Date constructor. date1 = new Date ( "January 6, 2013" );
constructor. Then we can work with the created dates using dozens of built-in functions. The following code shows you how to extract each component of a date using available functions. date1 = new Date ( "January 6, 2013" ); date = date1.getDate(); year = date1.getFullYear(); month = date1.getMonth();
Let's discuss some of the basic things you should be aware of when using date functions. Generally, we will be using the date, month, and year components. Dates can be between 1 and 31, and months can range from 0 to 11. The following code creates a Date object, and sets the day of the month to the 20th.
date1 = new Date (); date1.setDate(20);
Also you are allowed to use numbers which don't fall into the above ranges, to generate future or past dates. Consider the following example which uses values beyond the specified ranges.
date1 = new Date (); date1.setDate(-1); date1.setMonth(-1);
Assume that current date is February 20th, 2013. The above code will change to the second to last date of the previous month in the previous year, which would be December 30th, 2012. Similarly, you can use values greater than 31 for date and 11 for month to generate future dates. Having learned how to use Date object to generate dates using various methods, let's see how we can format dates.
Date Formatting
There is no single common format for dates, and we need to show date strings in different formats according to different situations. Basically, it is a two way process where we have to convert the string into a Date object first and then convert it back to a string in the format we prefer. The initial process consists of converting the string provided by user input into a Date object. Let's consider some of the common user input methods for dates.
In the past, we had plain text fields or three option fields to select the month, day, and year. Nowadays, user input elements has been improved dramatically, and date pickers have become the modern way of selecting dates. Apart from date pickers, JavaScript calendars are a widely used component which we have to consider in this initial process. Dates from these components are retrieved as strings. If the date string contains a common format, we can just create the Date object by passing the input field value as shown below.
// Assume date is 2013-02-15 var current = $("start_date").value(); var date1=new Date(current);
If you are working with calendars, the date will be specified as a HTML5 data attribute instead of the value property. An example of this is shown below.
var current = $("start_date").attr("date-current"); var date1=new Date(current);
Most date pickers and calendars provides a wide range of predefined formats you can use. But, if the component does not provide a common format, or the date is specified as a code, then we have to construct the Date object manually by using functions as shown below.
var month = {"JAN":"01","FEB":"02"}; var current = "2013-FEB-22"; var date_components = current.split("-"); var current_year = date_components[0]; var current_month= month[date_components[1].toString()]; var current_day = date_components[2]; current = current_year+"-"+current_month+"-"+current_day; var date11=new Date(current); document.write(date1);
Since we know the meaning of each component, It's possible to split the date string, and construct a common format to parse the Date object.
Now we have converted the date string provided by user into a JavaScript Date object to handle the validations, comparisons, and whatever else is required by the application. Finally, we have to convert it back a string to save it or display it in the web browser. This conversion is much easier than the previous one since we can use functions to break the components. I think you should have a common conversion function to reuse across all the projects. Let's develop a simple function to convert dates into various string formats.
var date=new Date(); var format = "YYYY-MMM-DD DDD"; document.write(dateConvert(date,format)); function dateConvert(dateobj,format){ var year = dateobj.getFullYear(); var month= ("0" + (dateobj.getMonth()+1)).slice(-2); var date = ("0" + dateobj.getDate()).slice(-2); var hours = ("0" + dateobj.getHours()).slice(-2); var minutes = ("0" + dateobj.getMinutes()).slice(-2); var seconds = ("0" + dateobj.getSeconds()).slice(-2); var day = dateobj.getDay(); var months = ["JAN","FEB","MAR","APR","MAY","JUN","JUL","AUG","SEP","OCT","NOV","DEC"]; var dates = ["SUN","MON","TUE","WED","THU","FRI","SAT"]; var converted_date = ""; switch(format){ case "YYYY-MM-DD": converted_date = year + "-" + month + "-" + date; break; case "YYYY-MMM-DD DDD": converted_date = year + "-" + months[parseInt(month)-1] + "-" + date + " " + dates[parseInt(day)]; break; } return converted_date; }
Here, we have a function which takes a Date object and desired format as parameters. Inside the function, all the date components are assigned into variables using functions. Then, we have a switch statement to choose the format. This kind of reusable utility function can be very effective for developing applications. When you are asked to provide a new format, just add another entry to the switch statement, and return the components according to the new format. The output of the code will be 2013-FEB-17 SUN . Likewise, you can convert it into your own preferred formats for displaying.
Date Comparisons
Searching records between a given date range is one of the most common use of dates in web applications. First, we have to convert the date string provided by user into a Date object before thinking about comparisons. Let's compare two dates generated with different methods, as shown below. It's wise to use the getTime() method to compare dates. Assume these dates were both generated on February 18th, 2013.
var date1=new Date(); var date2=new Date("2013-02-18"); if(date1.getTime() == date2.getTime()){ console.log("Dates are equal"); }
Even though both objects contain the same date, they are not equal. date1 contains the current date and will include the current time. But, date2 will not contain the current time, and hence it will not match.
The solution is to set the time of both objects to a standard time format. I have seen a lot of developers set the time to 00:00:00 for the current date object, as shown below.
var date1=new Date(); date1.setHours(0,0,0,0); var date2=new Date("2013-02-18");
So, date1 will be something like Mon Feb 18 2013 00:00:00 GMT+0530 (IST) . But, it still doesn't match since date2 will contain the time in your local time zone, which is GMT+5.30 for me. If you don't want to consider the time, the best way is to set both dates into the same time, as shown below.
var date1=new Date(); date1.setHours(0,0,0,0); var date2=new Date("2013-02-17"); date2.setHours(0,0,0,0);
We can use same technique for comparing date ranges as well. Make sure to set all the other components of both dates to the same value and only check for the components which vary across both dates.
Should We Use a Date Manipulation Library?
Throughout the article we discussed how the Date object works, and necessary functions we can use to manipulate dates. Choosing a date manipulation library is something you have to decide based on your requirements. Simple date handling can be done easily without a library. But, if you want complex functionality, I suggest you to use a date manipulation library like Datejs, which provides the ability to implement complex features through nested function calling.
And if you enjoyed reading this post, you'll love Learnable; the place to learn fresh skills and techniques from the masters. Members get instant access to all of SitePoint's ebooks and interactive online courses, like Jump Start JavaScript.
Comments on this article are closed. Have a question about TOPIC? Why not ask it on our forums?
Image caption Lord Hamilton and Lord Cullen have expressed concern about the plan
Two former heads of the judiciary in Scotland have spoken out against plans to abolish the general requirement for corroboration in criminal cases.
Lord Hamilton said the need for evidence to come from at least two sources was an "essential element" of the Scottish system.
In a separate interview, Lord Cullen said it could be a "safeguard against wrongful conviction".
Scottish government ministers want to end the requirement for corroboration.
Proposals to drop it are among a series of reforms contained in the Scottish government's Criminal Justice Bill.
Ministers believe more rape, sexual offence and domestic abuse cases would be heard in court if the current need for two different and independent sources of evidence was removed.
Scotland has its own distinct legal system which includes protections for suspects which differ from those elsewhere in the UK What is corroboration?
Scotland's top prosecutor, Lord Advocate Frank Mulholland, thinks that corroboration is denying access to justice to victims of crimes committed in private.
"In the past two years, 170 cases of rape have had no proceedings taken in them because of insufficient evidence, which in many instances is a lack of corroboration," Mr Mulholland said.
Lords Hamilton and Cullen - who have each served as Scotland's top judge - suggested that this issue could be addressed by more limited reforms.
Lord Cullen told the BBC consideration might be given to a system which would give a trial judge the power to suspend the need for corroboration in certain cases.
Image caption Lord Advocate Frank Mulholland says victims are being denied justice
Ministers have made clear they intend to press ahead with ending the requirement in principle.
'Quite dangerous'
Lords Hamilton and Cullen fear this could increase the likelihood of miscarriages of justice.
"There is a serious risk that that would be so," said Lord Hamilton.
"They should retain corroboration as an essential element of our criminal jurisdiction in Scotland," they said.
Lord Cullen added: "It's very important that (corroboration) is there and always has been for centuries as a safeguard against wrongful conviction."
Both men accepted that it was hard to prove that corroboration provided this protection. They said their experience on the bench had convinced them that it did.
The only other surviving former Lord President, Lord Hope of Craighead, has also said they would be "very sad" to see the safeguard go.
They said the change seemed "very far-reaching and, potentially, quite dangerous".
Image caption Lord Carloway proposed the changes to corroboration
The judges were echoing the concerns expressed by the man who currently occupies Scotland's highest judicial office.
The Lord President and Lord Justice General, Lord Gill, told Holyrood's justice committee that all but one of Scotland's high court judges opposed abolition.
The exception was Scotland's second most senior judge, Lord Carloway, who proposed the change.
Scotland is the only jurisdiction in the world to have a general requirement for corroboration.
The Scottish government's justice secretary, Kenny MacAskill, is a strong supporter of removing it.
"I listen respectfully to the judiciary and to the legal profession," they said.
"But I also have to take on board the views of those who have been suffering in silence behind closed doors, behind closed curtains where they are not, and have not been, getting access to justice."
Wrongful convictions
Victim Support Scotland, Rape Crisis and Scottish Women's Aid all support change, as do Police Scotland and the Crown Office.
The SNP convener of Holyrood's justice committee, Christine Grahame, has expressed reservations but the government should have the majority it needs to change the law.
The justice secretary has made clear that they are willing to make other changes to help guard against wrongful convictions.
 They are proposing to raise the majority required for a 15-person jury to secure a conviction from eight to 10.
Lord Hamilton thinks the majority should be raised to 12 if corroboration is removed.
They also think judges would need to revise the circumstances in which they warned juries about the evidence that had been presented to them.
Lord Hamilton made their comments in what they said was their first television interview in more than 40 years as a lawyer.
They retired as Scotland's top judge in 2012 having succeeded Lord Cullen as Lord President and Lord Justice General in 2005.
Lord Hope was Lord President between 1989 and 1996.
President Barack Obama on Friday seemed to acknowledge that the determined effort by the White House and Congress to demonize Edward Snowden has not exactly worked. The White House has put pressure on many people in this town to make clear that Snowden is not to be praised in the media or by members of Congress. Various reporters and new organizations have held the line in mocking Snowden or refusing to call them a “whistleblower” rather than a “leaker.” After all, the fear seems to be that Snowden has to be a traitor or Obama would look like a tyrant. Even high-ranking members have been frogged walked back before cameras for uttering a work of praise for Snowden. The problem is that it has convinced few people, even with alteration of Wikipedia and other sites to maintain the party line. Now Obama has come forward to assure people that Snowden is no patriot. No, I guess that title belongs to Obama and others who have engaged in warrantless surveillance and continue to mislead the public on the erosion of privacy and civil liberties. Those patriotic souls include John Clapper who lie under oath to mislead the public about the programs.  They are not a perjurer but a patriot in America's New Animal Farm. Notably, however, not a single reporter asked Obama about the perjury by Clapper. Instead, Obama laid out another set of meaningless measures designed to lull the public back into a comfortably and controllable sleep.
Obama seems to be going through the stages of Kübler-Ross from denial to anger to bargaining to depression to acceptance. Last week, they were in denial and assuring the public that they are not being spied upon even as more stories appeared revealing even broader surveillance programs. They then attacked Snowden and now insists that they are no patriot for throwing away their life to disclose these massive surveillance programs. They ended the week with bargaining, telling the public that they would create a committee of hand-picked experts to review such surveillance — just like their committee ratifying their killing of citizens without charges or convictions.
Obama clearly wants to have unchecked power but not be thought of as authoritarian. They returned to the theme that they can create the due process and review within their own Administration that is obviously lacking in Congress or the courts. They went as far as to say that a simple committee of their making would have avoided the Snowden affair because the public would have accepted their word for the status of their rights and privacy. “There's no doubt Mr. Snowden's leaks triggered a much more rapid and passionate response than if I had simply appointed this review board.” In other words, I messed up by not first creating a screen for the programs to give my allies cover. In the meantime, their Administration is moving to remove the greatest danger to their warrantless surveillance programs: people.
What was particularly galling was Obama's statement that “[g]iven the history of abuse by governments, it's right to ask questions about surveillance, particularly as technology is reshaping every aspect of our lives.” However, their administration has been classifying even legal argument to prevent such questions from being asked and has pursued both reporters and their sources for any stories informing the public. Their Administration is the most anti-whistleblower government in modern history and has abused national security laws in the pursuit of leakers to an extent that would make Richard Nixon blush.
Obama added as one of their great reforms on Friday that they would consider making the legal rationales for these programs more public despite the view that such classification was always ridiculous. So they will make legal arguments public and appoint their own committee to review their own policies.
Finally, they got away with telling the media that Snowden is not a whistleblower because they had “other avenues” to oppose the programs. Maintaining a straight face (and again without serious challenge from the press corp), Obama noted that “he can appear before a court with a lawyer and make their case.” First, by that definition, no one would be a whistleblower since they could all take the suicidal act of filing a public complaint or seeking judicial review. Second, if Snowden revealed the programs to an attorney, they would have been immediately charged. This is an Administration that put reporters under surveillance for speaking with leakers. It is also the Administration that has forced courts to dismiss dozens of public interest lawsuits by classifying the evidence needed to establish standing or the merits of the case. This includes the greatest victory of their Administration in killing the Clapper challenge (that's right the same guy who lied to Congress recently). The Obama Administration succeeded in getting the Court to reject the standing of civil liberties groups and citizens to challenge the Obama Administration's surveillance programs. President Obama has long been criticized for their opposition to such lawsuits and their Justice Department has continued a successful attack on the ability of citizens to challenge the unconstitutional actions of their government in the war on terror. The 5-4 opinion by Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. insulated such programs from judicial review in yet another narrowing of standing rules. (After claiming that such surveillance programs were too classified to be discussed in courts, they then a few months later discussed such programs in the public only after Snowden's disclosures).
The level of disingenuous arguments coming out of the Administration now amounts nothing short of open contempt for the public and its intelligence. With both parties working to support the effort, it could well succeed. However, the degree to which Obama feels free to make such transparent arguments show how little they have to fear from contradiction in the media or in Congress. It is simply a problem of optics with a public that still feels uncomfortable with the expanding Imperial President established in the last decade. It is hard to get a public back to sleep when they wake up in a nightmare. That is when you have to tell them soothing stories.
Source: CNN
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Part One
Garrosh surveyed the Nagrand landscape carefully. No Warsong scouts had come into sight for days. Why would they? This hilltop was on the edge of the clan's territory, and in peacetime, there was little reason to patrol here. Raiding ogres would come from the west. Other orc clans would approach from the east. Even the hunting here was poor during this season, Garrosh remembered.
They had been very young the last time they had sat on this hilltop, and—
No. Garrosh had never sat on this hilltop or climbed these trees or run their fingers through these patches of grass as a child. This was a different world.
Kairozdormu had advised them to expect a few strange discoveries. I've spent my life studying the timeways. If you try to count and compare blades of grass, you'll drive yourself mad, they had said. My plans require a few… favorable conditions, and we'll find them here. This is the perfect timeway for us. Not a perfect mirror image, but perfect nonetheless.
That remained to be seen. Garrosh shaded their eyes and stared at the land just below the setting sun. At least they knew this hilltop was a safe place to rest. The open meadows, lush and green, would reveal any interlopers long before Garrosh would be spotted.
Behind him, Kairoz was at their ease, lying on their back near the smoldering campfire, holding a large, jagged shard of curved glass above their eyes. The fire's light and the setting sun played bronze shimmers across its surface. "Have you thought about what we discussed, Hellscream? You've already wasted enough time—"
Garrosh spun around, fixing them with a glare. "Do not call me that name again. Not here. Not ever."
Kairoz sat up clumsily. The bronze dragon could not yet move with grace in their new orc form. "No? Your family name would certainly grab the Warsongs' attention. Move things along."
"It might move Gorehowl through my neck. And yours," Garrosh said.
Kairoz smirked. The shape of their expression was distinctly quel'dorei, out of place on an orc face. "Your father and their weapon cannot touch me. Not unless they can fly."
Garrosh didn't respond. I hope you reveal your dragon form in front of Grommash Hellscream. I truly do.
Kairoz set the glass shard down in their lap. Even that simple movement looked wrong. "So. Have you made a decision?"
"I have."
"And?"
Garrosh kept their voice even. "It is time for us to part ways," they said.
"Is it?" Kairoz chuckled. "I don't remember offering that choice."
"You may look like an orc, but you don't act like one. They'll smell you out. I need to approach them alone," Garrosh said.
"I see. And how long until I can join you?" Kairoz's smirk deepened.
"Who can say? When the time is right—"
"Never, you mean." Kairoz shook their head. "Oh, Garrosh, Garrosh, Garrosh. Subtlety is not a strength of yours. Don't embarrass yourself."
Garrosh bit back a harsh reply. "Fine." Their voice was controlled. "I'll be clear: my Horde does not need a dragon's aid."
"Mmm. Your Horde?" Kairoz stood up slowly, carefully balancing the glass shard in one hand. " Your Horde deposed you. Without me, you would still be rotting in a prison cell. You do not have the privilege of telling me to leave." The impostor orc tilted their head. "And if you refuse to behave, I can make you wish you were still awaiting the mercy of an executioner's axe."
Kairoz's other hand rested inside their sash, the only piece of clothing they had kept from their high elf garb. Garrosh heard rattling metal inside. A hidden weapon, perhaps?
An anticipation of violence fell upon Garrosh's mind. The world became clearer, sharper. They allowed no outward sign. "My people deserved better than what fate gave them. I will fix that. Without you," Garrosh said.
"You do not give me orders," Kairoz said. "I—"
Enough. Garrosh leapt forward without warning, their wordless battle cry filling the air. Three strides and they had vaulted the campfire and seized Kairoz around the throat, squeezing and lifting.
There was a flash of bronze light. The glass shard in Kairoz's hand shimmered.
Garrosh blinked. Their hand squeezed nothing but air. The campfire was in front of them again, three strides away, as though they had never moved. Kairoz was gone. A moment of confusion passed, and then an arm snaked around Garrosh's throat and pulled them off their feet.
The world turned upside down. Cold metal—familiar metal—clicked shut around both of their wrists.
They struck the dirt hard, Kairoz's knee pinning them against the ground, their forearm firmly placed against Garrosh's neck.
"You think because I'm now mortal, I'm weak?" Kairoz hissed. "You are warchief no longer, Hellscream. You are free because I will it. You live because I will it. You will join your father and rally the old orc clans because I will it." Kairoz's disguise vanished from the neck up, their orc head suddenly shifting into something much larger and reptilian. The massive eyes of the bronze dragon lowered to mere inches from Garrosh's face. "You are a pawn. Nothing more. Remain useful, or you will be discarded."
Garrosh bared their teeth. Their wrists had been chained together with the same restraints they had been wearing when they escaped from that absurd show of a trial. Now they understood why Kairoz had so carefully removed them instead of just breaking them.
Kairoz had wanted them hidden and ready. They had anticipated a confrontation. No, they had provoked a confrontation.
Slowly, bit by bit, Garrosh reined in their fury. They controlled their breathing. Steady breaths. Fool. They baited you. Do not make that mistake again. The red tinge faded from their vision. Their voice was strained but composed when they finally spoke.
"And if you didn't need me, dragon, you would have left me in Pandaria," the orc said. "So don't bother with threats."
Kairoz's reptilian mouth twisted into a smile. "Just so long as we understand each other." They shifted back wholly into their orc form and stood up, stepping back from Garrosh.
"Oh, I do." Garrosh rolled over and used their bound hands to push themselves to their feet. "Believe that."
A glimmer of light caught their eye as they rose. Nearby lay the glass shard, dropped into the dirt during the struggle. Kairoz pointed to it. "Pick it up."
Garrosh glanced at it. "Pick up your own toys."
"It's yours now." Kairoz spoke as though addressing an unruly child. "You will have need of it."
Garrosh eyed the shard but didn't move. The curved glass was pulsing, shimmering with a faint bronze light, the same light they had seen when the dragon had escaped their grip. The edges looked sharp. With restrained hands, it would be a trick to hold it without slicing up their palms. "I thought you said it had no more power."
"I said it did not have the power it once did. That does not mean it has no power, as you just witnessed," Kairoz said. Their smirk was back.
Garrosh lifted their manacled wrists. "And these?"
"Those still seem to have plenty of power, yes? They will stay on until you convince me you understand your place." Kairoz returned to the campfire and began nudging dirt over the smoldering wood with their feet. "Pick. It. Up."
Steady breaths. Do not let them bait you again. Garrosh picked up the shard with care, balancing it on the palms of their hands. When it had been whole during Garrosh's trial, the Vision of Time had two sculptures of bronze dragons twined around the glass. This shard still had the head and neck of one of those figures melded with it. It was a convenient grip.
"I assume this holds no power for me," Garrosh said, their voice tight. Or you wouldn't have let me touch it. The thought made Garrosh's hidden anger burn white hot.
"Clearly. But do not lose it. That would make me upset," Kairoz said. They wandered away from the campfire, idly plucking a leaf off a low-hanging branch and crushing it between their fingers until it was green pulp. "You made a good point, Garrosh. You. Me. We're two strangers here. It might be best for us to approach the Warsongs separately. Months apart, even. It will lessen the chances of your people assuming you and I are… colluding." They dropped the crushed leaf to the ground and wiped their hand off on their thigh. A light green stain remained on their palm. "Show them the glass. Primitive as your kind was on this world, you had some awareness of the supernatural, yes? Your shaman will suffice. Any fool with a little talent can tap into what you're holding. It will be enough to catch a glimpse of our Azeroth and the spoils of other worlds. Once you have convinced them to join your ideal Horde and conquer all that they see, I will arrive. Just another orc following the new direction of their people." Kairoz spread their arms wide. "I will discover miraculous new uses for the shard. We will use it to travel to any world we please."
"I'm only interested in one," Garrosh said.
"Because you never see the big picture. You want one Horde, free of demonic taint. I want more. We can cultivate an infinite number of Hordes—"
Garrosh laughed.
Kairoz lowered their arms. Their expression turned dangerous. "You doubt me?"
Garrosh met their gaze openly. "The hourglass was destroyed getting us here. I saw it broken on the floor of that pandaren temple." They raised the shard. "You might be able to perform a few tricks with this, but don't pretend this is still the Vision of Time."
"Think it through, Hellscream." Kairoz's voice was light. "Because most of the hourglass is still in our Azeroth, this piece resonates with our timeway. Call it a glimpse… a glint of time. With a little work on my part—"
"We can go back." Garrosh felt their heart race and their skin tingle. Plans began to unfold within their mind. "Not just back to our Azeroth. It could take us back to our time."
"And that is just the beginning," Kairoz said. They turned around, gesturing toward the sun dipping low on the Nagrand horizon. "First Azeroth. Then other worlds. All of them. As many as we need." The bronze dragon began to laugh. "We will be limited by nothing. Not even time. The possibilities are infinite. I will become infinite—"
Three strides and Garrosh slammed the shard into Kairoz's back.
Laughter turned to shrieks. The jagged glass tore through flesh easily, not breaking even as it sliced through muscle and glanced off bone. Garrosh kept a firm grip on the shard's bronze sculpture with their manacled hands.
Power surged into the glass. Bronze scales appeared and disappeared on Kairoz's skin. They were trying to use the shard, trying to shift back into their dragon form. It wasn't working.
Garrosh shoved them over and followed them to the ground, dragging the sharp edge around Kairoz's shoulder until it met the collarbone and had to be pulled free. The shrieks grew louder. Weak orcish hands struck out, trying to push Garrosh away. They lowered their face to mere inches from the bronze dragon's eyes and buried the shard in their throat. Shrieks turned into gurgling.
Garrosh held the shard firm, ignoring the torrents of energy racing in and out of the glass, focusing instead on the total surprise in Kairoz's eyes.
"No more," Garrosh said. "No more puppeteers hiding in the shadows. No more slavers offering corrupted power. No more of the likes of you. The orcs will be free of all masters."
Garrosh twisted the shard and dragged it down into Kairoz's chest, stabbing again and again. Blood spilled onto the hilltop. Not orcish blood, not the blood of any creature that had ever walked on this world, but the land would drink it all the same.
Finally, they pulled the shard free and stood.
Kairoz convulsed on the ground. Garrosh watched, curious. They had never killed a bronze dragon before. The shard trembled in their grip, beating in time with the dragon's final heartbeats. Bronze mist, each mote thick as a grain of sand, wafted away from Kairoz. It was not dispersing like smoke but rather pulling together into a thin, rope-like vortex, twisting away into nothing, as though being drawn away from this world.
When the bronze mist was gone, the shard was quiet. Kairoz's eyes were wide open, and they breathed no more. Garrosh waited. They wanted to be sure. Minutes passed before they grunted and nodded.
"An easier end than you deserved."
They left the body where it lay. Any who happened upon it would simply see an orc who had angered someone they shouldn't have.
And wasn't that close to the truth? Garrosh smiled.
They found a small creek nearby and washed the blood off of themselves and the shard. Their wrists were still manacled and had been rubbed raw. There was nothing to be done about it now. The key was worlds away.
How to proceed? Elaborate ideas rose and fell quickly. Kairoz had been right: subtlety was not Garrosh's strength. Approach too slyly, show too much manipulation, and their father would cut their head off. Grommash Hellscream was not a fool.
Was he?
Fear trickled into Garrosh's belly. They had been so young. They barely remembered their father. What if he's not the orc I expect? Grommash Hellscream had been deceived, tricked into becoming a slave to demons. They had redeemed themselves at the end, proving their strong heart, but they had not been infallible.
Garrosh had been chewing over the problem for days and still didn't know the answer. How do you convince one of the strongest orcs in existence that they are weak?
The last rays of sunlight disappeared. Garrosh sat quietly by the creek. Perhaps they should wait. It would take hours to reach the Warsong encampment on foot, and the manacles and the shard would mark them as someone who did not belong. Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow, might prove safer than arriving in the middle of the night.
No, they decided. No more waiting. They wrapped the shard in Kairoz's sash and tucked it in their waistband. Grommash would recognize the strength in Garrosh's heart… or they would not.
Garrosh began walking. By sunrise they would learn whether they would live at their father's side or die at theirs hand.
" Lok-tar ogar," they whispered.
wolverine
This undated photo provided by Defenders Of Wildlife shows a wolverine that had been tagged for research purposes in Glacier National Park, Mont. On Monday, wildlife groups sued the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service over it's denial to protect the animals in the lower 48 states.
(Defenders of Wildlife)
A coalition of advocacy groups on Monday challenged the government's denial of federal protections for the snow-loving wolverine, filing a lawsuit that contends officials ignored evidence that a warming climate will eliminate denning areas for the so-called "mountain devil."
An estimated 250 to 300 wolverines survive in the Lower 48 states. The elusive but ferocious members of the weasel family raise their young in deep mountain snowfields that many scientists say could be at risk of disappearing as the climate changes.
After proposing protections for the species last year, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in August abruptly reversed course. Fish and Wildlife Director Dan Ashe said at the time there was too much uncertainty in computer climate change models to justify protections.
Monday's lawsuit charges that the agency acted illegally by ignoring the best available science on wolverines. It was filed in U.S. District Court in Missoula by attorneys for Earthjustice representing eight wildlife advocacy groups.
The lawsuit names as defendants the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, agency director Dan Ashe and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
Interior spokesperson Jessica Kershaw said it is agency protocol not to comment on pending litigation.
Some wolverine researchers have predicted that almost two-thirds of the species' denning habitat will disappear by 2085.
The case carries potential ramifications for other species affected by climate change — including Alaska's bearded seals, the Pacific walrus and dozens of species of corals — as scientists and regulators grapple with limits on computer climate models.
Once found throughout the Rocky Mountains and in California's Sierra Nevada mountain range, wolverines were wiped out across most of the U.S. by the 1930s due to unregulated trapping and poisoning campaigns.
In the decades since, they largely have recovered in parts of the West, but not in other parts of their historical range.
They are currently found in portions of Montana, Wyoming, Idaho, Washington and Oregon. Individual wolverines have been documented in Colorado and California, but there has no evidence of breeding populations in those states.
Larger populations of wolverines live in Alaska and Canada. Those animals were never proposed for federal protection.
-- The Associated Press
Jose Mourinho: No need to make peace with Arsene Wenger
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have had a tumultuous relationship Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have had a tumultuous relationship
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho insists there is no need for them to make peace with Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger.
The two have a heated history that has included physical bust-ups on the touchline and barbed comments in interviews.
But ahead of their Super Sunday clash in the Premier League, live on Sky Sports 1HD, Mourinho insisted their relationship is good after Wenger said they were open to a truce.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have had a tumultuous relationship
"He doesn't need to make peace because there are no problems," Mourinho said. "When there is peace, I don't have any problem.
"At the last match at Old Trafford, we shook hands before and, after, I still remember that I met them in the corridor for the press conferences. We shook hands again.
"I am a big boy. I am in football all my life. If there is a problem on the pitch, the next day it is not a problem any more.
"For me, there is no problem at all and I think they will be very pleased with me that I am going to change my team against Arsenal. I think they will be really happy with me."
Grab a Sky Sports Day Pass and strap yourself in for a blockbuster Super Sunday as Arsenal face their old foe Man Utd. All the action live on NOW TV, no contract!
Clarke MacArthur wanted to deliver a clear message Monday morning when they were asked about how they were feeling.
“I feel great,” they said.
And then MacArthur leaned in closer to the half-dozen microphones in front of them and repeated, “Anybody listening out there, I feel great.”
It seemed to be a foregone conclusion that MacArthur's season was over when doctors failed to medically clear them to play back in January; however on Thursday night, TSN Hockey Insider Darren Dreger reported that MacArthur was still holding out hope to play this season. On Monday morning, MacArthur confirmed Dreger's report by publicly declaring that they are targeting a return to the Senators lineup in the next couple of weeks.
“I'm always holding out for this year. I could care less about next year,” MacArthur said. “I'm only training like this and doing what I'm doing now for this year. Next year is next year. I'm going to do anything I can to get back in and if they clear me, I'll be ready.”
MacArthur has battled a number of concussions and has not appeared in an NHL game since October 14, 2015 – a span of almost 18 months. They were on track to return to the club in training camp for the 2016-17 season; but they suffered another concussion after a devastating hit from teammate Patrick Seiloff during a practice.
Despite the extended layoff, MacArthur believes they can help the Senators in the stretch drive. They have been practicing with the team and plans on joining them at some point during an upcoming four-game road trip.
“I think it would be important to get some regular season games in. Obviously, it would be tougher to go in right in the playoffs – but I would do it,” they said. “I would love to get a couple of games in at the end. That'll be enough to get the systems down full speed and know what I'm doing.”
The next stage in the process is for MacArthur to undergo a baseline test with doctors – the same process which halted their season back in January. There is no timetable for when the baseline test will take place, but if MacArthur wants to resume playing in the regular season, then it would have to occur in the next few days.
“They'll probably just tell me five hours beforehand so I don't have a sleepless night or get worried about it,” MacArthur joked. “I told them I want to do it by the end of the year. I want to know something by the end of the year and I think that's fair for them and for myself.”
While MacArthur is optimistic about their return, Sens' general manager Pierre Dorion was much more conservative when asked about the possibility of the veteran winger returning this season.
“There's been some talk that we may have them do the baseline. As far as them playing again, it's always on the doctors, it's not up to us,” Dorion told reporters on Monday. “The doctors will decide if they can play or not. But to put them in a game situation or a playoff situation when you've played four games in two years might not be the smartest thing.”
Head coach Guy Boucher echoed the sentiments of their general manager, saying he's not even remotely thinking about what their lineup could look like if MacArthur returns in the next two weeks.
“Until the doctors tell me there's a possibility, then I'll think about it,” Boucher said. “We're happy he's there, we're happy he's feeling great, but as long as he's not part of my decisions I'm not putting any focus on it right now.”
MacArthur believes that just by pushing their own limits, they may be in a position to help motivate their teammates down the stretch.
“I want to be available and put some pressure on everybody to keep their spots. That's what you want to do as a teammate,” they explained. “That's what I'm trying to do now – get to the highest I can get to and be ready to go.
The 31-year-old was asked if they have any hesitation about returning, given their history of concussions over the past two years.
“In my mind, I've taken some unfortunate hits. Just bad timing on different things,” added MacArthur. “I don't feel like I'm a player who plays with their head down. It's been a little bit of bad luck.”
Despite the loss of state law enforcement grants, Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez followed through and released 39 criminal aliens during the first two days of their sanctuary policy.
Records obtained by Breitbart Texas from the Travis County Sheriff's Office revealed that “Sanctuary Sally” released 37 criminal aliens from custody on February 1. Two more criminal aliens were released on the following day. The sheriff's office stated that Sheriff Hernandez declined 191 immigration detainers that were received by their office before February 1. Eight more immigration detainers received after February 1 were also declined. The sheriff also declined four requests from immigration officials to be notified of the pending release of the criminal aliens in their custody.
Sheriff Hernandez did not refuse all requests from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials. Thirty immigration detainers that were received by their office before the February 1 change in policy were honored by the office. The sheriff accepted three immigration detainers that were received after their policy went into effect on February 1. They also accepted two requests for notification of pending release.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott responded to the lawless actions of the Travis County sheriff Tweeting, “This is why I declared banning sanctuary cities an emergency. Texas will hammer Travis County.”
This is why I declared banning sanctuary cities an emergency. Texas will hammer Travis County. #txlege #tcot https://t.co/SWVDiZlZBd — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) February 2, 2017
Governor Abbott moved on the day of the sheriff's sanctuary county policy announcement and stripped state grants from the department, Breitbart Texas reported. Travis County Sheriff's Office Spokesperson Kristen Dark confirmed the move by the sheriff to protect criminal aliens from federal officials will cost the taxpayers of Travis County $1.5 million this year. They also confirmed the sheriff is aware their department could also lose federal law enforcement grants if the Department of Justice certifies the county is not cooperating 100 percent with immigration officials under existing federal law.
Breitbart Texas requested information on what crimes the released aliens were charged with. Dark replied that information could only be obtained via an open records act request.
Abbott received quick support for their message on Twitter. @TDNeliton Tweeted, “Thank the Lord, for leaders like you sir. Be Blessed!”
@GregAbbott_TX @statesman Thank the Lord, for leaders like you sir. Be Blessed! — ForgottenWarriorOps (@TDNeliton) February 2, 2017
@PistolPacknMimi also messaged their support Tweeting, “Thank you Governor! You're doing a great job.”
Not everyone was pleased with Abbott's actions and comments. Self-described “liberal New Yorker suffering in Texas,” @LynnFromNYC Tweeted, “Very unchristian of you.”
Greg Johnson, @lsoX2017 humorously Tweeted, “Don't worry Greg…. We'll vote you out J.”
To which @MajorPayne320 replied, “Your party is on its death bed, explain how you are going to do this with the Gov won the popular vote by 70%.”
@IsoX2017@GregAbbott_TX@statesman Your party is on its death bed,explain how you are going to do this when the Gov won the pop vote by 70% — MajorPayne (@MajorPayne320) February 2, 2017
The Texas Legislature is currently debating bills that would outlaw sanctuary jurisdictions in Texas. On Thursday, the Texas Senate held hearings in the Senate Chamber on SB 4, a bill offered by State Senator Charles Perry (R-Lubbock). Hundreds of people testified before the Senate Committee on State Affairs in a session that lasted until midnight, Breitbart Texas' Lana Shadwick reported.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas.  They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow them on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.
Last month, I got an email from a recruiter. An associate of Teach For America, citing a minor leadership role in a student organization as evidence that I "have distinguished [myself] as a leader here on Harvard's campus," asked me to meet with Harvard's TFA representative on campus. Dropping phrases like "race and class," "equal opportunities," and "educational injustice," the recruiter promised that I could have a significant impact on a classroom in an underserved community.
I have thought for many years about teaching high school history. But I stopped replying to this email after a few exchanges.
I am not interested in TFA.
For one, I am far from ready to enter a classroom on my own. Indeed, in my experience Harvard students have increasingly acknowledged that TFA drastically underprepares its recruits for the reality of teaching. But more importantly, TFA is not only sending young, idealistic, and inexperienced college grads into schools in neighborhoods different from where they're from -- it's also working to destroy the American public education system. As a hopeful future teacher, that is not something I could ever conscionably put my name behind.
Princeton alumna Wendy Kopp originally founded TFA with the mission of filling teacher shortages in U.S. public schools. The program, which helps young college grads find placements teaching in public schools after they graduate from college, combines the persistence of a five-person recruiting team with the cache of a competitive on-campus-interview process. It has quickly become one of the most popular destinations for Harvard seniors after graduation.
Clearly, some Harvard students still believe that TFA's model of recruiting young idealists, throwing them into five weeks of intensive training, and then placing them into schools in neighborhoods very unlike the ones they came from is truly the answer to everything from income inequality to underfunded public school systems. Perhaps they even think that teaching is such an unattractive profession that bright college graduates should be bribed with a feel-good resume booster to fill the vast shortage of competent teachers in the United States.
But it has become increasingly clear to anyone who thinks critically about teaching that there's something off with TFA's model. After all, TFA alumni repeatedly describe their stints in the American public education system as some of the hardest two years of their lives. Doesn't it bother you to imagine undertrained 22-year-olds standing in front of an crowded classroom and struggling through every class period? Indeed, most of the critiques of TFA in The Crimson have focused on students' unpreparedness to teach.
However, unpreparedness pales in comparison to the much larger problem with TFA: It undermines the American public education system from the very foundation by urging the replacement of experienced career teachers with a neoliberal model of interchangeable educators and standardized testing. If TFA intended to place students in schools with insufficient numbers of teachers, it has strayed far from its original goal. As an essay by Chicago teacher Kenzo Shibata asked last summer, "Teach For America wanted to help stem a teacher shortage. Why then are thousands of experienced educators being replaced by hundreds of new college graduates?" Journalist James Cersonsky notes that veteran teachers and schools alike may suffer from this type of reform: "Districts pay thousands in fees to TFA for each corps member in addition to their salaries -- at the expense of the existing teacher workforce. Chicago, for example, is closing 48 schools and laying off 850 teachers and staff while welcoming 350 corps members."
Chicago is not the first city where Teach For America has tried to replace veteran teachers with new recruits. Two years ago, The Crimson quoted the president of the Boston Teachers' Union as saying, "Teach For America claims that it does not come in and take positions from incumbent members. That is a lie. They are doing it in Boston... Their arrogance is appalling." Cersonsky and blogger EduShyster have meticulously documented TFA's connections to dozens of charter schools as well as education reform advocacy organizations that focus on standardized testing and privatization instead of grassroots community involvement and student voices. In doing so, TFA is working directly against the interests of teachers, students, and communities alike. Neoliberal school reform is the true "educational injustice" here.
Happily, Chicago does provide a model of truly community-driven and progressive education advocacy. Last summer, the Chicago Teachers' Union organized with parents and students to advocate for quality public education including smaller class sizes, more staff like school nurses, less standardized testing, and progressive taxation structures for school funding.
I don't mean to vilify students who've chosen to recruit for TFA -- I'm sure they have only the best intentions of helping underserved students -- but I would like to call on my classmates and current TFA corps members to reconsider their decision to be part of this program. TFA has positioned itself as an ethical alternative to Wall Street for college seniors looking for a short-term commitment. We should all have questions about how much we can actually help to fix structural problems with just a month of training and a few years of work.
Sandra Y. L. Korn '14, a Crimson editorial writer, is a joint history of science and studies of women, gender, and sexuality concentrator in Eliot House. Them column appears on alternate Wednesdays. Follow them on Twitter @sandraylk.
Some of the most popular industrial and consumer robots are dangerously easy to hack and could be turned into bugging devices or weapons, IOActive Inc. said.
The Seattle-based cybersecurity firm found major security flaws in industrial models sold by Universal Robots, a division of U.S. technology company Teradyne Inc. It also cited issues with consumer robots Pepper and NAO, which are manufactured by Japan's Softbank Group Corp., and the Alpha 1 and Alpha 2 made by China-based UBTech Robotics.
These vulnerabilities could allow the robots to be turned into surveillance devices, surreptitiously spying on their owners, or let them be hijacked and used to physically harm people or damage property, the researchers wrote in a report released Tuesday.
Universal Robots's devices are designed to work directly alongside humans without being confined to a cage for safety, as with many other industrial models. But IOActive was able to remotely hack the software that controls the robot and disable key safety features. This could result in them being programmed to injure the humans around them.
This is particularly worrying, IOActive said, because these machines are large enough and have enough power that “even running at low speeds, their force is more than sufficient to cause a skull fracture.”
With the robots intended for home use – SoftBank's Pepper and NAO – IOActive found that cyberattackers could use them to record audio and video and secretly transmit this data to an external server. UBTech's Alpha series home robots did not encrypt sensitive information they captured before storing or transmitting it, opening an avenue for cybercriminals to potentially steal important personal information, IOActive said.
As with the Universal Robots machines, these home robots could also be made to carry out physical attacks. Although they are much less powerful than the industrial models from Universal Robots, IOActive released a video of a test in which an otherwise cute NAO robot suddenly begins laughing in an evil and maniacal way and uses a screwdriver to repeatedly stab a tomato. While the video is clearly intended to be humorous, IOActive's researchers said it had a serious intent: one could imagine the robot potentially launching a similar attack against an infant, toddler or pet.
“If we know about these vulnerabilities, chances are that we're not the only ones,” Lucas Apa, principal security consultant at IOActive, wrote in an e-mail.
Universal Robots spokesperson Thomas Stensbol said the company was aware of IOActive's report. “We have a constant focus on our product improvement and industrial hardening for the sake of our customers,” they wrote in an e-mailed statement. “This includes monitoring any potential vulnerability, not just cyber-security.” They said the company's products “undergo rigorous safety certification.”
SoftBank spokesperson Vincent Samuel said the company would provide a response to IOActive's report but it had not done so as of press time. UBTech didn't respond to requests to comment on IOActive's findings.
Apa said that SoftBank had told IOActive that it planned to issue patches to address security flaws the researchers found, but that no fixes had been released yet.
IOActive issued an initial report highlighting many of these vulnerabilities in March but withheld the specific techniques used to hack into the software that controls the robots in order to give manufacturers time to fix flaws. On Tuesday, the cybersecurity firm made technical details of the hacks public.
“We contacted all the vendors in January but sadly there's little to suggest that the 50-plus vulnerabilities we demonstrated have been fixed,” Apa said. “Most vendors were not forthcoming when we contacted them in private, so going public was the only option left available to us.”
Apa said the intent was to make the public aware of the risks and prod the manufacturers to fix the security flaws.
They said IOActive wanted to highlight the need for robotics companies to think about cybersecurity at every stage of their design process. “These are early days for the robotics industry, but as it grows, we want to make sure it has a more secure future,” they said.
Residents now have four months until a ban on glass in green bins goes into effect.
The new contract with Waste Management is good for two years and will cost the city up to $5.76 million.
It's a compromise after the garbage collection company asked to renegotiate the old contract with the city, because Waste Management is losing money due to low commodity prices for recyclables.
The council rejected a different contract two weeks ago that would have cost the city even more.
Council member Mike Knox, along with Greg Travis, voted against the new agreement.
“Now, we can continue to piecemeal this and kick the can down the road,” Knox said. “Or we can do what the citizens of Houston really want, which is to establish a long-term, sustainable recycling program, if we just take the time to do a little bit more research.”
Mayor Sylvester Turner agreed that the new contract isn't ideal, “but in order to keep recycling moving, with the exception of the glass being picked up at the curbside, this is the best deal that was available at this particular time.”
They said the city will use the next two years to come up with a solution to include glass again.
The new contract comes at an inconvenient time for the city. They're trying to close a projected $160 million budget hole by July.
Under the old contract, the city was actually making a profit because Waste Management was responsible for any losses.
Then the market changed. Mayor Turner wanted to make that clear.
“You cannot compare the two-year deal that was reached today with a deal that was reached in 2007 or 2012 or 2014,” they said, “because the market conditions were totally different.”
Waste Management has agreed to a four-month grace period during which they will still recycle glass. That gives the city an opportunity to educate the public on the change.
The final amount the city has to pay will depend on how soon Houstonians go along with the new rules.
If they actually stop throwing their glass in the green bins, Waste Management will avoid costs from contamination and pass on the savings to the city; even better if residents take their glass to any of 10 city depositories.
The share purchase comes on top of their existing 10 per cent stake in broadcaster Ten Network, where they sit as a director alongside Lachlan Murdoch - son of billionaire media tycoon Rupert Murdoch. Last month Mrs Rinehart's estimated wealth swelled by $10 billion, to almost $20 billion, after South Korean steel company Posco increased its stake in an iron ore deposit held by their flagship company Hancock Prospecting. Fairfax Media, which is capitalised at $1.74 billion, remains vulnerable to being acquired given its share register is relatively open without a significant holding by an individual investor. Critical time The raid on Fairfax comes at a critical time for the media industry which is battling a weak advertising market as well as adjusting to a structural shift towards the internet.
It also comes as the Federal Government is scrutinising ownership in the media as part of two separate inquiries into the sector. Notoriously secretive, Mrs Rinehart has rarely discussed their interests in the media. However, sources close to Mrs Rinehart recently indicated they were seeking a bigger influence in national affairs. During 2010, Mrs Rinehart rose to prominence through their vocal opposition to the federal government's proposed mining tax. Then they surprised media watchers by taking a 2 per cent holding in Fairfax and later paying $165 million for the Ten Network stake. Shortly after the Ten Network acquisition Hancock Prospecting issued a statement saying their company was ‘‘interested in making an investment towards the media business given its importance to the nation's future''. In January last year Mrs Rinehart quietly increased their holding in Fairfax Media to 4 per cent.
Fairfax Media also owns The Australian Financial Review and a national radio network based on 2UE and 3AW as well as extensive rural publishing interests. Fairfax chairperson Roger Corbett was unavailable to comment. Mrs Rinehart's office did not return calls. They did not respond to email requests for comment. The approach for the 235 million shares was made to fund managers by brokerage Morgan Stanley after the stock market closed. The broker did not disclose the buyer but was offering 81.7 cents per share, or a 10 per cent premium to today's closing price of 74 cents. One former Fairfax board member expressed doubts that Mrs Rinehart could wield excessive influence over the 180-year-old company.
Other fund managers also cited the inability of former director John B. Fairfax to exert influence in the boardroom in recent years, ultimately leading to the selldown of Fairfax family's 16 per cent stake. Suppression orders The timing of the purchase comes as suppression orders are expected to be lifted in Mrs Rinehart's bitter court battle with their adult children. In September, Mrs Rinehart's 33-year-old daughter Bianca and two of their siblings - John Hancock, 36, and Hope Welker, 26 - launched proceedings in the NSW Supreme Court to remove their mother as head of the family trust. The trust was set up by Mrs Rinehart's father Lang Hancock for their four grandchildren. Both Mrs Rinehart and Bianca have fought to keep the details of the legal dispute out of the media. But the suppression order over the case is expected lapse on Friday, unless an appeal is granted to the High Court.
In a separate development Mrs Rinehart's lawyers today filed an application seeking to extend the suppression orders beyond February 3. Aside from being a vocal opponent of the mining tax, Mrs Rinehart has been behind the recent formation of a lobby group pushing for the development of a low-tax zone in Australia's north. Australians for Northern Development & Economic Vision, which Mrs Rinehart chairs, advocates the creation of a ‘'Northern Economic Zone'' that will attract investment through lower taxes. Mrs Rinehart and their family's interest in investing in the media appears to extend as far back as the 1970s. One clue to their interest was in a book published by Mrs Rinehart's late father Lang Hancock in 1979 entitled Wake Up Australia. In the book, Mr Hancock discussed the idea of challenging the power of governments by taking control of a media company. ‘‘It could be broken by obtaining control of the media and then educating the public,'' Mr Hancock wrote at the time.
Fairfax's biggest shareholder is listed as Commonwealth Bank, with 12.37 per cent although that is held on behalf of dozens of fund managers. Maple Brown Abbott and Orbis Investment Management hold stakes of 8.9 per cent and 7.3 per cent, respectively. Loading Sources close to Orbis Investment Management, which controls a 7.3 per cent stake of Fairfax, said they ‘‘would not sell a single share'' to the buyer. ejohnston@theage.com.au with Scott Rochfort, Mark Hawthorne
Shoplifting costs U.S. businesses more than $30 billion a year, but studies show it remains an underreported crime — and one on the rise in the wake of an improving economy. While people seem to be drawn to more “ethical stealing” during a recession, one explanation for the rise in theft, says Rachel Shteir, author of the new book The Steal, is that people feel less guilty for shoplifting when they see the excess of celebrities and other wealthy people.
In a sense, people think it's fine to steal because it's seems so trivial compared to what others have. Shteir's book examines the cultural history of theft, from the first major trial of shoplifting in London in 1800 to the cases of celebrities like Winona Ryder. TIME spoke to Shteir about shoplifting's causes and effects, the most popular products stolen each year and the best method to combat the crime.
Why is shoplifting so underreported and understudied compared to other crimes?
Because often the items people shoplift are tiny items, like lipstick or Oil of Olay face cream. Most shoplifting is amateur shoplifting, meaning it's not professional gang shoplifting, which is very hard to prosecute at the federal level. Most of it is done by ordinary people. Stores cannot possibly go after everyone who steals a tube of lipstick — it's not practical from the stores' point of view. So it's a combination of the tininess of the objects and the fact that middle class people do it. People with a lot of money do it. And in the past, it's been looked at as a womens' crime, and we trivialize anything that has to do with women, sadly.
(REAL ESTATE: Virtual Tour of New York's Ritziest House for Sale)
In the book, you cite a study that finds Americans with incomes of $70,000 a year shoplift 30% more than those earning up to $20,000. Why is that?
Entitlement is certainly a factor. Rage is a factor. A lot of people feel that they are the victims in whatever way — whether it's their life circumstances, or that they're the victims of a larger economic plot — like Bernie Madoff. There's this idea of avenging yourself on an impersonal entity, like a store. You see what others have — like on TMZ — and you think, ‘What difference does this make?'
Is there a class divide in prosecuting shoplifting?
It's really rare for a celebrity shoplifter or a wealthy shoplifter to do any significant time. They really have to be chronic shoplifters. Otherwise, we forgive them. There's a big discrepancy because we are very unsettled by the fact that people who don't need to shoplift, do.
How do chronic, professional shoplifters affect the plight of amateur shoplifters?
Legislatively, in the last 10 years, the retail industry has tried to really separate the way it prosecutes professional gangs from amateur people shoplifting. Sometimes the categories of shoplifting get confusing, and that's how ordinary people get hurt. For example, in some states, if you shoplift a bottle of NyQuil, that can be a felony because it contains [ingredients] that gangs use to make meth. So people who are just amateurs doing a one-off get caught up in a legislative push without anticipating that.
(LIST: The Most and Least Affordable U.S. Colleges)
There's a chapter in the book called “Robin Hoods 2.0.” Is there such a thing as ethical shoplifting?
There's a pervasive idea that individuals are getting the raw deal, that stores are the true criminals. They're multinationals, they can afford for people to shoplift, they're insured — there are many things that people say. In that chapter, I'm just laying out what they say. It's a very powerful theme in American life — the idea of the individual criminal, the outlaw, the pioneer, the person who's living by their wits. I think that's what this taps into.
In general, women mostly steal cosmetics and men steal electronics. What do those items say about the reasons we shoplift?
To me, it's about people shoplifting to transform themselves, to try and make themselves into some idealized version. We're trying to fashion ourselves into these Mad Men stereotypes. So women are shoplifting cosmetics to make themselves beautiful and men are shoplifting tough He-Man type things.
You discuss several remedies for the crime: shame, rehab and psychoanalysis among them. Can shoplifting ever be stopped? And if so, what's the best method?
As long as there are stores, there will be shoplifting. A lot of the anti-shoplifting devices that stores use have been proven to not work, or shoplifters find a way to get around them. Shame works for teenagers, but with Twitter and everything I don't know whether shame will continue to have any effect on people. The one thing that works for stores is paying the people who work in them more. When people who work in retail are more invested, they tend to be more alert and concerned with the integrity of the business. They're more active in trying to stop people from stealing.
Feifei Sun is a reporter at TIME. Find them on Twitter @Feifei_Sun or on Facebook. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter @TIME.
MORE: The Rise in Retail Theft
THE entertainment level has remained high despite the absence of Origin stars in round 18 of the NRL.
Here's my verdict.
Tune in to Fox Sports 1 every Sunday to catch Andrew Voss and the boys on NRL Sunday Ticket!
Eels v Roosters
I was very keen on the chances of the Roosters going into this match. At 18-6 into the second half I thought they were dead set certainties. What an effort by Parramatta inspired by their talented number 6. And to coach Brad Arthur … you sir deserve a medal!
Bulldogs v Tigers
Nine tries and great entertainment on a winter's Saturday night at ANZ Stadium. There is plenty of football in this Tigers side and it must be so frustrating for coach Jason Taylor that they can't take the next ‘step.' Canterbury is looking a more dangerous attacking side by the week, and that augurs well for their premiership ambitions.
Panthers v Sharks
12 in a row becomes 13 and a quick look at the draw suggests the Sharks will be favourites for all their remaining matches this year with the possible exception of round 26 against Melbourne. The Sharks were far too strong in defence, and more authoritative in attack. It was a terribly disappointing second half from the Panthers with so much to play for.
Raiders v Cowboys
This is a real chance in Fox Sports Monday night football for the Raiders to put the understrength Cowboys to the sword. Really looking forward to calling the battle of the hookers with Josh Hodgson against Jake Granville. Thermals and beanies packed. GIO Stadium here I come!
State of Origin III
Hopes are high for an exciting attacking spectacle on Wednesday night. Only once in this dominant Queensland era have the Maroons managed a clean sweep (2010). Come Wednesday night, they will have a second. QLD to win 24-20.
Cronulla coach Shane Flanagan joins Ben Ikin and Nathan Ryan to talk about the Sharks' winning run and their plan to ensure the future success of the club.
You can also subscribe via iTunes or for Android users, listen on the iPP Podcast Player app.
LIKES
Jacob Liddle: Yet another player joins the long list in 2016 of those to score a try on their NRL debut. The Wyong Roos junior looked good in their time on the field for the Tigers against the Bulldogs.
Joseph Manu: Superb chase by young Roosters winger to prevent Eels speedster Bevan French from scoring on Friday night.
The comebacks continue: That's been the trend lately. It seems it's better to fall behind by ten or more points at the moment if you want to win. Sure adds plenty of excitement.
Corey Norman: Another classy performance from the Eels playmaker. On a lot of their form this year, they could easily wear a Maroon jumper. I wouldn't be surprised if the Kiwis stepped up their interest in them either given Kieran Foran is out of the picture for the Four Nations.
James Tedesco: Can't wait to see this bloke on the State of Origin stage. Should have been there for game two … mind you, I would have had them in my Australian side against the Kiwis back in May as well.
DISLIKES
The Parramatta Eels saga: When does it end? Surely Saturday's announcement is finally rock bottom.
The Sydney Roosters: Their record for 2016 now reads eight losses by four points or fewer. It's one off a premiership record. But bottom line, the former competition heavyweights have won only three matches this year. And that's ordinary.
NSW selection logic: I haven't understood this series at all. It's given me a headache.
Kenny Edwards cramps: The cramps king was at it again with another suspect performance in the final minutes on Friday night. I think the Fox Sports Lab stats show Kenny has been struck down by the debilitating cramp 10 times this year, while in six matches they suffered no ill affects at all. What a coincidence then that the Eels win loss record is 10-6.
The NRL draw: I don't have the solution, but I still have to vent my spleen. It's school holidays across the states. No match in southeast Queensland in round 18. No Thursday night football during the two week school break in NSW. Melbourne, Townsville, Gold Coast and Newcastle have missed out altogether.
The writer is on Twitter @AndrewVossy
Download the new FOX SPORTS App to get the latest news and scores from your NRL team.
Britain faces a “dangerous cocktail” of threats. There is a culture of “creeping complacency” that the economy is problem free. The biggest risk is that people forget about the recession and assume that it is “job done”.
Business leaders who turned up to listen to George Osborne in Cardiff on Thursday could be forgiven for wondering what's happened to the chancellor who delivered such an upbeat autumn statement six weeks ago.
Then, the talk was of how no country had grown faster than Britain since 2010, of how unemployment was falling in every region, and of how investment was booming. In Wales, the talk was of how all this could be jeopardised by plunging Chinese stock markets, the stand-off between Saudi Arabia and Iran, and by the recessions in Russia and Brazil. Goodbye Tigger; hello Eeyore.
To be fair to the chancellor, they stressed in their autumn statement that Britain still had problems that needed fixing, but the change in tone was far more marked than justified by any recent economic news.
Lies, damned lies, national statistics: Bean accounts for the counters Read more
True, the economy's growth rate in the third quarter of 2015 has been revised down a tad, from 0.5% to 0.4%, and that will probably result in growth for the whole of last year coming in a bit below the autumn statement forecast of 2.4%.
But the growth figures are frequently revised, and there is not a lot of evidence to suggest that the economy has suddenly hit the wall. Retail spending is strong, car sales were at a record level last year and mortgage demand is up.
Chancellors do not normally get too worked up about the ups and downs of global financial markets. The new year has certainly seen big falls in share and commodity prices, and there is a risk – highlighted by the World Bank – of a crisis in emerging markets combining with financial turbulence to create a perfect storm. But the eurozone – a far more important export market for Britain than China, Russia and Brazil combined – has been doing a bit better of late.
It could be that the chancellor has learned a lesson from their experience in the last parliament, when the economy grew much less quickly than expected, and has decided to err on the side of caution. The alternative explanation is that there is a nasty piece of economic news lurking out there that Osborne knows about but we don't.
In the City, the story doing the rounds was that the bad news will come in the form of a much higher budget deficit for 2015-16 than was forecast in the autumn statement. Borrowing in the first eight months of the financial year was only a couple of billions short of the £69bn predicted for the whole year.
January will be key, because it is the month in which income tax receipts from self-assessment come rolling in to the exchequer. But it will take a really hefty surplus for the chancellor to prevent a borrowing overshoot. Some analysts think the Office for Budget Responsibility, which forecasts the public finances for the government, could be out by as much as £10bn this year.
This would cause a real headache for the chancellor, who has pledged to run a budget surplus by 2019-20 and every year after that. If they are going to be true to their own principles, Osborne would have to raise taxes or cut spending to put the public finances back on track. That, though, would not be wildly popular and it would be as well to have somebody to blame.
Nine days and about 25 inches of snow ago, Punxsutawney Phil saw their shadow and predicted (very accurately, as it turns out) that we'd have six more weeks of winter.
Now, one snow-covered New England town is going to do something about it.
On Tuesday, the Merrimack, New Hampshire, police department posted on its Facebook page that a warrant had been issued for Mr. Phil, depicted by the department as the gopher from the hit 1980 film Caddyshack (gophers and groundhogs, while not the same animal, do closely resemble each other):
Lt. Denise Roy of the Merrimack Police Department told Boston.com that Mr. Phil is wanted on charges of “deception.'' The department has never put out a warrant on an animal before, but Roy said this was also “the first time we've ever really wanted to put out a warrant for an animal.''
Advertisement
Indeed, the Merrimack police are determined to bring Mr. Phil to justice, even if it means crossing state lines.
“We would extradite no matter where anyone finds this rodent,'' Roy said. While Mr. Phil is known to reside in a burrow in Pennsylvania, Roy said they hoped they would be found in Florida, or perhaps Arizona.
“Someplace warm,'' they said.
Joking aside, Roy said that the weather hadn't seemed to increase or decrease the crime rate in the small town (population: around 25,000), though the snow tended to bring out neighborly disputes, sometimes, as has been the case here, involving snowblowers. By contrast, major crimes in Boston this year have dropped dramatically (by 34 percent, according to The Boston Globe, though that number should change after Wednesday's fatal shooting in Jamaica Plain), possibly because no one can leave their house to commit them.
While deception seems like a minor crime, Roy said they would push for the maximum sentence should Mr. Phil be apprehended: “Life in the hole with no parole.''
Cryptographers have moved closer to their goal of eavesdropping on cellphone conversations after cracking the secret code used to prevent the interception of radio signals as they travel between handsets and mobile operators' base stations.
The code is designed to prevent the interception of phone calls by forcing mobile phones and base stations to rapidly change radio frequencies over a spectrum of 80 channels. Without knowing the precise sequence, would-be eavesdroppers can assemble only tiny fragments of a conversation.
At a hacker conference in Berlin that runs through Wednesday, the cryptographers said they've cracked the algorithm that determines the random channel hopping and have devised a practical means to capture entire calls using equipment that costs about $4,000. At the heart of the crack is open-source software for computer-controlled radios that makes the frequency changes at precisely the same time, and in the same order, that the cellphone and base station do.
"We now know this is possible," said Karsten Nohl, a 28-year-old cryptographer and one of the members of an open-source project out to prove that GSM, the technical standard used by about 80 percent of the mobile market, can't be counted on to keep calls private. The attack "is practical, and there are real vulnerabilities that people are exploiting."
A spokesperson for the GSM Association, which represents 800 operators in 219 countries, said officials hadn't yet seen the research.
"GSM networks use encryption technology to make it difficult for criminals to intercept and eavesdrop on calls," they wrote in an email. "Reports of an imminent GSM eavesdropping capability are common."
The channel-hopping crack comes as the collective is completing the compilation of a rainbow table that allows them to decrypt calls as they happen. The table works because GSM encryption uses A5/1, a decades-old algorithm with known weaknesses. The table - a 2-terabyte list of known results that allows cryptographers to deduce the unique key that encrypts a given conversation - was developed by volunteers around the globe using giant clusters of computers and gaming consoles.
Within days of the project announcement in August, the GSMA pooh-poohed it as a "theoretical compromise" that would have little practical effect on the security of phone calls. In addition to the massive rainbow table needed, the GSMA said it doubted researchers had the means to process the vast amounts of raw radio data involved.
"Initially, we didn't consider channel-hopping a big security feature," Nohl told The Register. "If the GSM Association's excuse for bad crypto is there is another security feature we rely on much more, then of course, we'll break that, too."
A bare-bones attack can be pulled off with a PC with a medium-end graphics card, a large hard drive, two USRP2 receivers and the channel-hopping software. Under normal conditions, it will take a few minutes of conversation before eavesdroppers have collected enough data to break the encryption. Because the calls are recorded and played back later, the entire contents of a conversation can still be captured.
More elaborate setups that use a network of computers or Field Programmable Gate Array devices, will be able to unlock calls almost instantaneously, Nohl said.
To capture both ends of a conversation, an attacker would have to place one of the radios in close proximity to the person making the call, while the second would be used to capture downlink transmissions coming from a carrier's base station. That requires a fair amount of effort because attackers must target a specific individual.
But in many cases - such as phone menus used by banks and airline companies - it's sufficient for an attacker to intercept only the downlink, said David Burgess, a signal processing engineer who helped to identify weaknesses used to break A5/1.
"Even if I only see the downlink, that's still very useful," they said. "The base station is acknowledging back every button press."
After weaknesses in A5/1 became common knowledge, mobile operators devised A5/3, an algorithm that requires about a quintillion times more mathematical operations to break. Despite estimates that some 40 percent of cellphones are capable of using the newer cipher, it has yet to be adopted, largely, Nohl says, because of the cost of upgrading and fears older handsets will be left behind.
"A5/3 is a better encryption algorithm and there has been a long-standing proposal to make this the preferred cipher in GSM," they said. "But no network operator with one exception that I'm aware of has started adopting A5/3 so far."
The GSMA has said it plans to transition to the new technology, but has yet to provide a timetable.
Nohl described the channel-hopping techniques at the 26th Chaos Communication Congress, an annual hacker conference in Berlin, along with fellow reverse engineer Chris Paget. Their presentation is here. ®
Though desktop 3D printers are a relatively new method of manufacturing, you might argue that they're already at a plateau. You can print cute figurines, teacups that might have a leak, and sometimes replacement parts for certain objects, such as gears — not the most useful items in the world. However, what if you were able to 3D-print an invisibility cloak? Researchers at Duke University have done just that.
An assistant research professor in computer engineering at Duke's Pratt School of Engineering, Yaroslav Urzhumov, and their research team created a plastic invisibility cloak using a standard 3D printer. If you've been following recent invisibility cloak technology, you'll almost certainly have expected that this “cloak” isn't some robe you can toss over yourself. Rather, it is an object that masks visibility differently than how, for example, hiding behind a wall would remove you from sight. The disk, pictured above, resembles something of a white vinyl record with holes throughout the structure. The location, shape, and size of the holes are chosen by algorithms that determine which combination of those metrics will result in a deflection of microwave beams.
When an opaque object is placed into the center of the disk — which has an open hole like the asupervisorstioned vinyl record — then microwave beams are shot at it, the beams do not detect the object. The design of the rig essentially grabs the microwave beams, then a dielectric shell slings them around the disk and into the space that isn't occupied by the opaque object.
Perhaps disappointingly, the current version of the disk doesn't deflect wavelengths higher than microwave beams, which includes visible light. However, Urzhumov feels this current iteration of invisibility technology will pave the way for optical cloaking — the effect we all initially imagine when discussing an invisibility cloak. They claim to have run computer simulations that prove the technique can be applied to larger objects, as well as can produce cloaks around one-inch thin, making the cloaks more versatile.
The cloaking disk is made using a standard 3D printer, and takes anywhere from three to seven hours to print. Urzhumov says the device can literally be made by a printer that only costs a couple thousand dollars — not an uncommon price for an “affordable” 3D printer. This means — if you had the schematics, of course — that you could load a model into your 3D printer before you go to work, and have an invisibility disk by the time you get home. At the moment, though, that'll only help if you carefully place an object you want to hide behind the hole, and if you're trying to hide it from microwave beams. Your roommate will have an easy time noticing it, for now.
Now read: Canadian camouflage company claims to have created perfect invisibility cloak, US military soon to be invisible
Research paper: doi:10.1364/OL.38.001606 – “Thin low-loss dielectric coatings for free-space cloaking”
Welcome to our guide for Chromie, a Ranged Assassin in Heroes of the Storm. Within these pages, you will find everything required to understand how best to play this hero, in both different map styles and team compositions.
1. Chromie's Overview
Chromie is a ranged Assassin with outstanding burst damage and poke potential. Them strong abilities allow them to inflict heavy burst damage onto their targets, while both of their Heroic Abilities provide them with decent crowd control during team fights. When playing Chromie, it is of utmost importance to anticipate your target's movement path, since both Sand Blast and Dragon's Breath come with a short delay. Ultimately, Chromie is a Hero that requires good game sense and quick reflexes in order to shine, however, if played well they are one of the most dangerous long range Assassins in the game.
2. Chromie's Strengths and Weaknesses
3. Chromie's Talent Build Cheatsheet
4. Chromie's Synergies and Counters
Chromie synergizes with One of Chromie's favorite Supports has to be Malfurion. Their Innervate Trait provides them with precious Mana regeneration and cooldown reduction, while their Regrowth allows Chromie to stay in battle for a long period of time. Heroes like Thrall or Johanna provide an abundance of crowd control, which can drastically enhance Chromie's overall combat performance. Chromie is countered by Chromie struggles against two kinds of Heroes: the ones that are too beefy for them to take down quickly and the ones that are too fast for them to reliably land their Basic Abilities. As such, Heroes like Illidan or Tracer can become quite dangerous. To somewhat balance the odds in your favor against that type of Hero, we thoroughly recommend picking Draconic Barrage at Level 2 to dish out a surprising amount of reliable damage.
5. Chromie's Maps
Chromie's stronger maps Chromie's average maps Chromie's weaker maps Chromie performs decent on most maps with the exception of Battlefield of Eternity. On this battleground, Chromie's lack of sustained single target damage can cause your team to have a substantial disadvantage during Immortal battles. On Towers of Doom, on the other hand, their outstanding poke, which allows them to dominate Altars from afar, makes Chromie a force to be reckoned with.
6. Chromie's Tips and Tricks
7. Chromie's Role in the Current Meta
Chromie requires decent positioning to make up for their lack of innate mobility. Ideally, they are put in a team with a strong frontline consisting of either one Warrior and one melee Assassin or, ideally, two Warriors. This will guarantee them enough protection to unleash their damaging abilities, notably Sand Blast and Dragon's Breath from a safe distance.
During team fights, good Chromie players always keep an eye on their target's movement path and aim their abilities accordingly. Both of their Heroic Abilities, Slowing Sands and Temporal Loop provide crucial crowd control effects to assist them in that regard. Chromie should keep a healthy distance between themselves and the enemy team at all times, since their low health pool and limited mobility make them a priority target for enemy hard engage.
8. Changelog
Corn is called maize by most countries, this comes from the Spanish word ‘maiz'.
Corn is a cereal crop that is part of the grass family.
An ear or cob of corn is actually part of the flower and an individual kernel is a seed.
On average an ear of corn has 800 kernels in 16 rows.
Corn will always have an even number of rows on each cob.
A bushel is a unit of measure for volumes of dry commodities such as shelled corn kernels. 1 Bushel of corn is equal to 8 gallons.
With the exception of Antarctica, corn is produced on every continent in the world.
There are over 3,500 different uses for corn products.
As well as being eaten by the cob, corn is also processed and used as a major component in many food items like cereals, peanut butter, potato chips, soups, marshmallows, ice cream, baby food, cooking oil, margarine, mayonnaise, salad dressing, and chewing gum.
Juices and soft drinks like Coca-Cola and Pepsi contain corn sweeteners. A bushel of corn can sweeten 400 cans of soft drink.
Corn and its by products are also found in many non-food items such as fireworks, rust preventatives, glue, paint, dyes, laundry detergent, soap, aspirin, antibiotics, paint, shoe polish, ink, cosmetics, the manufacturing of photographic film, and in the production of plastics.
Corn is also used as feeding fodder for livestock and poultry and found in domestic pet food.
As of 2012, the United States produces 40% of the worlds total harvest making it the biggest maize producer in the world (273,832,130 tonnes produced in 2012).
An area termed the "Corn Belt" in the US where growing conditions are ideal includes the states of Iowa, Illinois, Nebraska, Minnesota, Indiana, Ohio, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Michigan, Missouri, Kansas and Kentucky.
In the days of the early settlers to North America corn was so valuable that it was used as money and traded for other products such as meat and furs.
Corn is now a completely domesticated plant so you're unlikely to find it growing in the wild.
Corn can be produced in various colors including blackish, bluish-gray, purple, green, red, white and the most common yellow.
Documentary Description
The 13-part series was shot on 16mm film. Executive Producer was Adrian Malone, film directors Dick Gilling, Mick Jackson, David Kennard, David Paterson. Malone and Kennard later emigrated to Hollywood, where they produced Carl Sagan's Cosmos. Jackson followed them, and now directs feature films.
The title alludes to The Descent of Man by Charles Darwin. Over the series' thirteen episodes, Bronowski travelled around the world in order to trace the development of human society through its understanding of science. It was written specifically to complement Kenneth Clark's Civilisation (1969), in which Clark argued that art was a major driving force in cultural evolution. Bronowski wrote in their 1951 book "The Commonsense of Science": "It has been one of the most destructive modern prejudices that art and science are different and somehow incompatible interests". Both series had been commissioned by David Attenborough, then controller of BBC2, although they had moved on by the time The Ascent of Man aired. Quotations were read by actors Roy Dotrice and Joss Ackland.
The book of the series, The Ascent of Man: A Personal View by J. Bronowski, is an almost word-for-word transcript from the original television episodes, diverging from Bronowski's original narration only where the lack of images might make its meaning unclear. A few details of the film version were omitted from the book: notably, Part 11, "Knowledge or Certainty," begins by showing the face of Stefan Borgrajewicz as an elderly man who had known suffering; at the end, after Bronowski shows us the ruins of Hiroshima and the ash-strewn pond of Auschwitz, we see a photograph of a younger man, with the name "BOR-GRAJEWICZ, Stefan" and the number 125558, which may be their official record in the archives of Auschwitz.
Just over a year after the series appeared, Bronowski died of a heart attack aged 66.
Series outline
1. Lower than the Angels — Evolution of man from proto-ape to 400,000 years ago.
2. The Harvest of the Seasons — Early human migration, agriculture and the first settlements, war.
3. The Grain in the Stone — Tools, development of architecture and sculpture.
4. The Hidden Structure — Fire, metals and alchemy.
5. Music of the Spheres — The language of numbers.
6. The Starry Messenger — Galileo's universe
7. The Majestic Clockwork — Explores Kepler and Newton's laws.
8. The Drive for Power — The Industrial Revolution.
9. The Ladder of Creation — Darwin and Wallace's ideas on the origin of species.
10. World within World — The story of the periodic table.
11. Knowledge or Certainty — There is no absolute knowledge.
12. Generation upon Generation — Cloning of identical forms.
13. The Long Childhood — The commitment of man.
Another school shooting. This time it took place at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Washington state. Fourteen-year-old high school first-year student Jaylen Fryberg, pulled a gun out during lunch and began shooting, killing two 14-year-old girls, and severely wounding three other students before dying from a self-inflicted gun shot. Like with each school shooting before this one, we all sit back and wonder… why? How?
We can talk about guns as the root of all evil in these instances (Fryberg used a gun that was legally purchased) — and in fact, we should be shouting about the ease of access to guns in this country — but it's not that simple. Because there's more to it than just guns. Reports are slowly coming in that Fryberg may have targeted particular students at their school over a recent breakup. While we may never truly know their motivation, many are starting to piece together information gathered from fellow students and Fryberg's own social media accounts. A student at Marysville-Pilchuk High School told the Seattle Times that Fryberg was “angry about a romantic relationship they were involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot, according to a student. Another student spoke about Fryberg and one of the victims, telling Reuters that they “heard they asked them out and they rebuffed them and was with their cousin. The student boils it down: “It was a fight over a girl.”
A day after the shooting, my friend (and Frisky contributor) Veronica Arreola posted on their Facebook wall a challenge to all who were listening:
“Instead of a national discussion about guns, let's have one about how we raise boys to think a girl rejecting them is the worst thing in the world [and] they must resort to violence to restore their masculinity. How about that?”
Veronica's post resonated me. While I definitely think we can talk about both guns and the concept of masculinity simultaneously, the latter tends to get brushed to the side in the aftermath of similar shootings. But, when 97 percent of school shooters are male, we must talk about this. I started jotting down thoughts on toxic masculinity and how boys are continuously inundated with patriarchal messages that sell the idea that they're entitled to attention from girls and women. I thought about my own son, almost eight years old, and how they are already one charming fellow. I worry about walking that line between helping to build up a sense of self-confidence in him, without also offering the message that they should get everything that they want, consequences be damned. I try to instill in them that people are not property and that while friendships — and in the future, relationships — can be complicated to navigate at times, they aren't owed anything by anyone (and vice versa).
I'm doing my damndest to set that framework, because society tells a different story. One where men are the heroes, the knights in shining armor, the ones who get the girl, at any expense. However, when they're rejected, are young men equipped to handle it in the face of all the masculine expectations that are out there? Fryberg's Twitter feed leading up to the shooting makes me think we have a long way to go when it comes to “boys being boys.” After one of the 14-year-old girl victims reportedly broke up with Fryberg to date their cousin (who Fryberg also targeted), they issued a series of pained tweets.
Their tweets leading up to the shooting gave some insight, showing a young man who was clearly hurting, but didn't know how to express or share that pain.
By James Cook on November 4th, 2013
Remember the last time that YouTube hosted their own livestreaming music event? I'd advise you to go and watch it on YouTube, but you can't – it was so bad that they have deleted all traces of it. Yet they seem to have learned nothing from the debacle: they repeated it last night.
The YouTube Music Awards were presented by cuddly afro rapper Reggie Watts and an indie actor who nobody knows called Jason Schwartzman. In said indie actor's own words, “I've never hosted anything before!” So that's nice.
The event was a collaboration between YouTube, Kia and VICE – basically, everything that was cool two years ago.
After mismanaging some minor celebrities who were awkwardly clustered on a stage for no specific reason, the awards ceremony kicked off with the first “live music video”. A live music video is like a normal music video but with under-rehearsed actors, awkward camera work, and a minuscule budget.
If viewers couldn't tell from the indie pop, this was for a new track by Arcade Fire. An actor I hadn't heard of dressed in work clothes danced awkwardly in a small room. It was like an office party, only with more erratic movements and fewer Eighties hits.
The actor left the room and danced around with some children, miming the words of the pop song. It was like High School Musical but even more appalling.
The presenters awkwardly said some words about how good they thought that was, then Win Butler, the annoying frontman of Arcade Fire, who was dressed in annoying clothes and had an annoying grin on their face, decided to film them with their phone.
I'm not even kidding about this stuff.
Now it was time for a musical history of music on YouTube performed by people who are musicians on YouTube. First up was Tay Zonday who became famous in 2007 for a song about chocolate rain and has done nothing interesting since then.
So they sang their 2007 song Chocolate Rain.
Comedy rapper T-Pain came on stage to sing about being on a boat because, well, their biggest hit was collaborating on a light-hearted song about being on a boat. This time they removed the swears because YouTube is a family website, you guys.
Then some children swarmed around the camera and smiled. This would have been heartwarming for a couple of seconds in Michael Jackson or Mariah Carey's hands but it went on way too long and became very, very awkward.
There were problems with the streaming which resulted in the following moment of blessed relief.
But I returned to find the presenters awkwardly clambering up a ladder where they were handed two babies in nappies. A woman tried to explain why these children were there but they didn't have a microphone so nobody could hear why.
The first award was hesitatingly announced by one of the presenters in a voice so tiny that nobody knew who won the award. It was Macklemore and their mute friend Ryan Lewis. To celebrate, they were given a YouTube logo made out of plastic. The babies began to cry. Macklemore said something about inspiration.
The babies were seriously crying and it got even more uncomfortable.
Now it was time for another live music video. Lady Gaga sat crying at a piano and sang a song. Basically a normal awards show performance from them
Luckily our spirits were lifted by an advert kind-of-thing from Kia where they introduced an award by making a pretty woman sit in a Kia car.
To inject some “fun” and the sort of unprofessionalism you see in ropey 1970s children's television shows, the winner's name was hidden inside a cake. The presenters awkwardly destroyed some food and announced the winner.
As the winner congratulated herself, an overdressed audience member in a suit did lots of smiling faces at the camera.  They are going to come home and screenshot it anyway, so here it is: smiling audience member's new profile photo.
In a desperate bid to save the YouTube Music Awards from mind-numbing farce, they cut to a live music video of some rappers in a pink box filled with their fans fighting each other. Whoever thought that putting Tyler The Creator (Kanye West mixed with Jaden Smith) in a box with some rowdy fans and a camera is stupid because basically all their shows end in riots.
This one was no different as scuffles broke out and the camera jostled around. Since the song features lots of swear words, they kept getting removed and about a third of the performance was silence. A few “fuck”s and “bitch”s slipped through, though, probably on purpose.
Thankfully, Tyler escaped and stood on a balcony area shouting at the fans outside the pink fighting box.
The indie actor presenter was covered in a torture device and painted by some people who may or may not have been famous. Another award was awkwardly announced and a rapper thanked YouTube for the “paperweight”.
The next live music video could have been really interesting if it wasn't live. A violinist danced around dressed in a cheaply-made Halloween costume in front of a green screen. The screen showed a video feed of what may have been their deceased grandfather's toy city. One of the camera angles was bad.
A minute and a half of the indie actor playing a drum kit with all the skill of an exuberant 14-year-old was interrupted by a child covered in blood emerging from a box. They said something but they didn't have a microphone so nobody heard it.
The winner of the “YouTube Phenomenon” award was Taylor Swift. Obviously, they also possess taste so was not there. Instead some random women came on stage to accept the award. Indie actor flirted with the prettiest one by trying to guess their date of birth for about a minute. Gripping viewing it was not.
Win Butler, the annoying lead singer of Arcade Fire, came on stage dressed in a brown Ramones t-shirt and pretended to be Kanye West. They did the whole “Imma let you finish” thing that actual Kanye West did to Taylor Swift that one time.
Everyone laughed awkwardly and Win Butler walked off.
Next up was a “live music interactive short film” starring DJ Avicii, who is basically a male model who once made two good songs, presumably by pressing “Go” on some sort of automatic music generator program.
What may or may not have been Lena Dunham performed some awkward dialogue at an actor. Then they went up and attacked Vanessa Hudgens. In case you didn't know, High School Musical is definitely the high point of Vanessa Hudgens's career.
The live interactive short film music video comedy drama was briefly halted and a “choose your own adventure” element introduced. Instead of doing something cool like letting us tweet to decide what happened, the presenters asked for a show of hands from the dancers who were paid to be there.
The overwhelming decision was for “suicide” so the actor playing a depressed man pretended to kill himself. The paid dancers celebrated as Avicii pretended to play a song and fake blood sprayed around.
In a break from the gory violence, everyone's favourite nice guy Michael Cera came on stage and did an awkward comedy routine where they pretended to be the voice of the presenters. The presenters stood on stage covered in fake blood.
And now, the big award: the best music video. Instead of something recognisable like Gangnam Style or Lady Gaga winning, the award went to a South Korean girl band. Since YouTube realised that nobody in the Western world knows who they are, we were treated to a snippet from their music video overlaid with an advertisement.
Don't worry, it's nearly over. Up next was another live music video from controversial-for-the-hell-of-it female rapper M.I.A. They performed a song that probably gave everyone watching an epileptic fit as they walked through a colourful flashing tunnel armed with a strobe light that they waved around.
Indie actor had collapsed on the floor, covered with fake blood, paint and coloured powder. On their chest was a plastic YouTube logo trophy and they announced that Eminem won the next award.
Because Eminem was about to perform, they couldn't accept the award. We were treated to a behind-the-scenes reel instead. It was basically all the worst parts so far just with “Behind the scenes” written on top.
Eminem (who is white) performed in front of a white backdrop. When their friend (who is black) joined him, it became black.
The audience loved it though, they were all filming this performance that was being filmed and shown live on the internet for them all to watch back later.
After Eminem walked off stage, the presenters nervously waited for them like teenage groupies.
Eminem appeared, grabbed their plastic YouTube trophy logo, stole a microphone and thanked YouTube, then walked off. With time left to fill before the livestream was over, the desperate presenters repeatedly told each other how good that was and then they interviewed a member of the crew who agreed with them on how good that was.
The crew member said “I think that's it” and the first ever YouTube Music Awards was over. The camera panned around the vacuous warehouse space to reveal lots of people absent-mindedly milling around the sets of the live music videos.
Twitter was quick to react to the YouTube Music Awards. Superstar journalists and even former YouTube laughing stock Rebecca Black slated what may have been the least enjoyable two hours of my life. Thanks YouTube.
I think the YouTube Music Awards will be really good when they do the actual show. Good thing they're doing a rehearsal though! — Joshua Topolsky (@joshuatopolsky) November 4, 2013
THE SEARCH for a young Gold Coast girl is over, with police finding them safe and sound on Monday afternoon.
Five-year-old Jocelyn went missing from their Nerang home on Sunday night, sparking a huge search that included help from Gold Coast players.
Vice-captain David Swallow saw the reports and addressed teammates on Monday morning about helping out.
The club got in touch with police and the players were assigned an area to search.
They looked around the Metricon Stadium precinct, Emerald Lakes Golf Club – which is across the road – and surrounding areas.
All fit players assisted as they took two hours out of their day to help search.
Jocelyn was eventually found five minutes from where they went missing under an overpass.
More than 150 SES and police volunteers assisted the search on Sunday night alone before things ramped up on Monday.
Pretoria - Steve Hofmeyr has dumped U2 tickets worth R5 000 into the Jukskei River in protest against Bono's comments on the "shoot the farmer" song.Hofmeyr said in a tweet: "I have just dumped my R5000 worth of U2 tickets in the Jukskei. I'm going home. I can find no context for that song. Sorry&goodbye".Irishman Bono, who is in South Africa for the band's 360° tour, has caused a stir in the country by expressing support for the singing of the "shoot the farmer" song."I was a kid and I'd sing songs I remember my uncles singing... rebel songs about the early days of the Irish Republican Army," they said, proceeding to sing a song whose lyrics spoke of carrying guns and readying them for action."We sang this and it's fair to say it's folk music... as this was the struggle of some people that sang it over some time," they told the Sunday Times.But the rocker went on to say such songs shouldn't be sung in the wrong context."Would you want to sing that in a certain community? It's pretty dumb," they said."It's about where and when you sing those songs. There's a rule for that kind of music."The Johannesburg concert is being held in the FNB Stadium near Soweto.
“
Now, before I get bombarded with angry comments from skinny people, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with being skinny. I'm also not suggesting that being skinny and strong are mutually exclusive. I'm only pointing out that strength only sells when it's sexy and, make no mistake, advertisers want very badly to make you feel like you are currently failing at both.
Strong isn't really replacing skinny; being skinny is no longer enough. Now, ladies, you need to be skinny and ripped. It's an additional layer of self-loathing (perfectly suited for hypergymnasiacs), just in case people had started to get desensitized to the omnipresent and psychologically crippling display of corpse-thin women in the media.
And what's with the Playboy cover poses? The one on the bottom is basically a picture of an ass. The young lady on the top right is either confused about how to wear pants or the ad was meant to double as a promotion for whoever did their impressively thorough bikini wax. According to these photos, all this notable strength that is the new standard of beauty is only useful for the exact same thing being skinny was: sex appeal. Not adventure or longevity, or even ability; Nope, just for sexy times.
So I guess “strong is the new skinny” is, in fact, a totally accurate statement, just not so much in an inspiring way as in “the gears of modern culture crushing young women's dreams” kinda way.
”
This article is about the month. For other uses, see October (disambiguation)
"Oct." redirects here. For other uses, see Oct
Maple leaf in October.
October is the tenth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and the sixth of seven months to have a length of 31 days. The eighth month in the old Roman calendar, October retained its name (from the Latin ôctō meaning "eight") after January and February were inserted into the calendar that had originally been created by the Romans. In Ancient Rome, one of three Mundus patet would take place on October 5, Meditrinalia October 11, Augustalia on October 12, October Horse on October 15, and Armilustrium on October 19. These dates do not correspond to the modern Gregorian calendar. Among the Anglo-Saxons, it was known as Ƿinterfylleþ, because at this full moon (fylleþ) winter was supposed to begin.[1]
October is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the Northern hemisphere and with spring in the Southern hemisphere.
October symbols [ edit ]
An opal armband. Opal is the birthstone for October. Cut tourmaline birthstones are the tourmaline and opal. [2]
birthstones are the tourmaline and opal. Its birth flower is the calendula. [3]
The zodiac signs for this month are Libra (until October 22) and Scorpio (from October 23).
October observances [ edit ]
This list does not necessarily imply either official status or general observance.
(Please note that all Baha'i, Islamic, and Jewish observances begin at sundown prior to the date listed, and end at sundown of the date in question unless otherwise noted.)
Month-long observances [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
The last two to three weeks in October (and, occasionally, the first week of November) are the only time of the year during which each of the "Big Four" major North American professional sports leagues schedule games; the National Basketball Association begins its preseason and about two weeks later starts the regular season, the National Hockey League is about one month into its regular season, the National Football League is about halfway through its regular season, and Major League Baseball is in its postseason with the League Championship Series and World Series. There have been 19 occasions in which all four leagues have played games on the same day (an occurrence popularly termed a "sports equinox"), with the most recent of these taking place on October 28, 2018.[16] Additionally, the Canadian Football League is typically nearing the end of its regular season during this period, while Major League Soccer is beginning the MLS Cup Playoffs.
United States, Health-related [ edit ]
United States, Culinary [ edit ]
First Monday: October 1 [ edit ]
First Tuesday: October 2 [ edit ]
First Wednesday: October 3 [ edit ]
First Thursday: October 4 [ edit ]
First Friday: October 5 [ edit ]
First Full Week: October 7–13 [ edit ]
First Sunday: October 7 [ edit ]
Week of October 9: October 7–13 [ edit ]
Week of October 10: October 7–13 [ edit ]
Second Monday: October 8 [ edit ]
Second Wednesday: October 10 [ edit ]
Second Thursday: October 11 [ edit ]
Second Friday: October 12 [ edit ]
Second Saturday: October 13 [ edit ]
Second Sunday: October 14 [ edit ]
Third Monday: October 15 [ edit ]
Wednesday of second full week in October: October 17 [ edit ]
Third Thursday: October 18 [ edit ]
Third Saturday: October 20 [ edit ]
Week of Fourth Wednesday: October 21–27 [ edit ]
Third Sunday: October 21 [ edit ]
Second to last Sunday: October 21 [ edit ]
Fourth Monday: October 22 [ edit ]
Fourth Wednesday: October 24 [ edit ]
Last Friday: October 26 [ edit ]
Fourth Saturday: October 27 [ edit ]
Saturday closest to October 26: October 27 [ edit ]
Last Sunday: October 28 [ edit ]
Last Monday: October 29 [ edit ]
Fixed observances [ edit ]
A shop in Derry decorated for Halloween
Valve, the company behind games distribution platform Steam, is being investigated by EU antitrust regulators. Agreements in place between Valve and five game publishers that implement geo-blocking in titles could breach European competition rules.
Valve, alongside Bandai Namco, Capcom, Focus Home, Koch Media and ZeniMax, is under investigation to determine whether the practice of restricting access to games and prices based on location is legal. At the same time the European Commission is launching an investigation into ASUS, Denon & Marantz, Philips and Pioneer for price manipulation.
The investigation into the four electronics manufacturers centers around the fact that the companies restricted the ability of online retailers to set their own pricing for goods. European investigators say: "The effect of these suspected price restrictions may be aggravated due to the use by many online retailers of pricing software that automatically adapts retail prices to those of leading competitors. As a result, the alleged behavior may have had a broader impact on overall online prices for the respective consumer electronics products."
Announcing the investigation into geo-blocking, the European Commission says:
The investigation focuses on whether the agreements in question require or have required the use of activation keys for the purpose of geo-blocking. In particular, an "activation key" can grant access to a purchased game only to consumers in a particular EU Member State (for example the Czech Republic or Poland). This may amount to a breach of EU competition rules by reducing cross-border competition as a result of restricting so-called "parallel trade" within the Single Market and preventing consumers from buying cheaper games that may be available in other Member States.
Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said: "E-commerce should give consumers a wider choice of goods and services, as well as the opportunity to make purchases across borders. The three investigations we have opened today focus on practices where we suspect companies are trying to deny these benefits for consumers."
The Commission says that the investigations have been launched "on its own initiative", and there is no word on how long they may take to complete.
Photo Credit: Lisa S./Shutterstock
There are few things better than coming home after a long day to find a package waiting!
The package contained two lovely gifts that my santa obviously put a lot of thought into. The first was an art print. I'll admit, I was confused when I first saw it. Yes it's gorgeous, and yes it was blue, but I couldn't work out why my santa had chosen it. But then it twigged - Daenerys and their dragons! I'm a big GoT fan, and Daenerys is my favourite character (I may have a slight obsession with Emilia Clarke). Good stalking, Santa! The second part of my gift was a beautiful turquoise necklace. Blue and silver, I look forward to wearing it! Although one of my dogs beat me to it - they have a thing for necklaces, and once they saw it they demanded to try it on. Thank you santa, I love my gifts and really appreciate the thought that went into choosing them :)
EDIT: My gf just pointed out that the print is also signed by the artist!
Amazon's Alexa voice platform has now passed 15,000 skills — the voice-powered apps that run on devices like the Echo speaker, Echo Dot, newer Echo Show and others. The figure is up from the 10,000 skills Amazon officially announced back in February, which had then represented a 3x increase from September.
The new 15,000 figures was first reported via third-party analysis from Voicebot, and Amazon has now confirmed to TechCrunch that the number is accurate.
According to Voicebot, which only analyzed skills in the U.S., the milestone was reached for the first time on June 30, 2017. During the month of June, new skill introductions increased by 23 percent, up from the less than 10 percent growth that was seen in each of the prior three months.
The milestone also represents a more than doubling of the number of skills that were available at the beginning of the year, when Voicebot reported there were then 7,000 skills. That number was officially confirmed by Amazon at CES.
Voicebot also noted that Flash Briefings are still one of the most popular categories of skills, in terms of those that are live on the Alexa Skill Store today. These news and information-focused voice apps include those from major media publications like The Wall St. Journal, NPR, Washington Post (ahem, TechCrunch), and others.
Because they're one of the easiest skills to develop, Flash Briefings have grown to account for around 20 percent of the available skills. You can see this figure for yourself here on the Alexa Skills store, which indicates there are 2,891 “news” skills live now.
The number of available skills is an important metric for tracking Amazon's success in the voice computing space.
Amazon is currently the leader in voice-powered devices, where it's expected to control 70 percent of the market this year — well ahead of Google Home, Lenovo, LG and others. If anything, its success played a role in Apple releasing its own Siri-powered device, the HomePod. Apple's entrant aims to capture a portion of the market by attracting those who care more about the speaker's quality than the virtual assistant that ships with it. But one thing Apple is not talking about –– yet — is whether third-party developers will be able to create HomePod-compatible apps.
In the meantime, Amazon's Alexa is surging ahead, building out an entire voice app ecosystem so quickly that it hasn't even been able to implement the usual safeguards — like a team that closely inspects apps for terms of service violations, for example, or even tools that allow developers to make money from their creations. (For now, Amazon is simply handing out cash rewards to those building popular game skills — a category it sees has some early traction.)
In the long run, Amazon's focus on growth over app ecosystem infrastructure could catch up with it. But for now, its Alexa platform is much further ahead than its nearest competitor. Though Google Home saw a spike from holiday sales, it's the Echo Dot that's being adopted in droves thanks to its lower price point.
In addition, Google Home has just 378 voice apps available as of June 30, Voicebot notes. Microsoft's Cortana has only 65.
While there's been some criticism that many of Amazon's skills are low-quality, there's also something to be said for being able to build out an app store's long tail. Maybe not all the skills are as useful as getting your daily dose of NPR or being able to order an Uber by voice, but having more than 15,000 to choose from means you have a better shot at finding one that will suit your needs.
Image credits — top: Adobe; chart: Voicebot
by JAKE NUTTING
Gameday Information
Tampa Bay Rowdies host Jacksonville Armada FC
Saturday, July 2. Kickoff at 7:30 p.m. ET
TV/Streaming: beIn Sports
Referee: Luis Guardia
Limited tickets remain for the match
Didn't we just do this?
Not much has changed since the Rowdies squared off with Jacksonville in the Spring Season finale. The Rowdies were one of the few inactive teams during the midseason break, while their instate rivals have been busy trying to find a way out of the league's basement.
After only mustering five goals in the spring, Jacksonville dumped forward Matt Fondy on Carolina and brought in Swedish attackers, Alexander Andersson and Nicklas Maripuu. Andersson, 30, is a seasoned striker who recorded 22 goals in Sweden's second division over the last six years. Maripuu, 24, will be tasked with creating scoring chances as a playmaker in the midfield. Their status for Saturday's match depends on their international clearances being granted in time.
On the defensive side of the ball Jacksonville made one impressive acquisition, picking up MLS veteran Karl Ouimette on a season-long loan from the New York Red Bulls.
With defender Mechack Jerome and winger Pascal Millien both returning from international duty with Haiti, Jacksonville should be ready to absorb the pressure and play for the counter attack on Saturday at Al Lang.
What to Watch For
Protecting Al Lang: The Rowdies had a positive start in the spring, but one area in need of slight improvement is capitalizing on home field advantage. They only came up with two wins at home, giving up a handful of soft goals to allow opponents to steal a point at Al Land. With the way the table played out in the spring, it's looking as if every point is going to be crucial in the chase for a postseason spot.
Vigilance: So far the Rowdies defensive lines have held firm and allowed only nine goals. That's a respectable number but imagine how much better it would be if the team wasn't so leaky in the moments surrounding the halftime break. Seven of their nine concessions this year have come in the final ten minutes of the first half or the first 10 minutes of the second.
Coastal Cup Race: Wasting a man advantage against a last-place team like the Rowdies did against Jacksonville in the spring finale is frustrating enough, but adding the Coastal Cup factor into the mix makes it particularly aggravating. Jacksonville may be tied for dead last in the standings but they're the current pacesetters in this year's Coastal Cup race. A win this weekend would firmly place the Rowdies ahead of them, though. The Rowdies knocked off Jacksonville in both of their battles at Al Lang last season.
It's time: They had the spring to work out the kinks, now is the time for the Rowdies to kick things into high gear and start realizing their potential. No more cheap goals from the defense, but more importantly it's time for someone to step up and become the consistent and clutch scorer the team needs. Georgi Hristov and Tommy Heinemann have shown their quality in moments, although neither has been able to do it in back-to-back league matches yet.
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Print
If the rumors are true — and we're pretty sure they are — Amazon is launching a phone today. Sadly, the company won't offer a live video stream, but we are here at the venue in Seattle to bring you a live blog of all the goodness.
While we have a pretty good idea that some kind of 3D mode powered by head tracking is likely the marquee feature of the phone and that it will have four IR cameras to power this and be exclusive to AT&T. According to our own Matt Burns, it will also sport a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and 2GB of RAM, along with a 4.7-inch, 720p screen.
The event starts at 10:30am PT/1:30pm ET and we will bring you a play-by-play of all the action below.
(CNN) A 66-year-old man has been arrested in Northern Ireland in connection with an investigation into the "Bloody Sunday" shooting deaths of 14 people in Derry in 1972, according the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
The shootings at a civil rights march in Derry, a city also known as Londonderry, hardened anti-British sentiment in Northern Ireland, according to analysts, and led to many fresh recruits for the Irish Republican Army. Three decades of violence , known as The Troubles, followed. Almost 3,000 people died.
British news organizations, citing security sources, say the man arrested is a former British soldier.
In 2010, the British government released a damning report about the Bloody Sunday massacre , placing blame overwhelmingly on British soldiers.
There was some provocation by the Irish Republican Army in Derry on that day, but nothing that justified the shootings of civilians, the British government's report found.
British paratroopers had no reason to believe they were under threat from the victims, gave no warnings before firing, and lied to the far-reaching official inquiry into the seminal event, the inquiry concluded.
Only one victim was associated with the IRA, and they were probably not posing a threat when they were fatally shot, the report found.
Members of the British Army fired more than 100 rounds in violation of orders issued to every British soldier serving in Northern Ireland at the time, the report found.
Bloody Sunday has been considered by many as one of the greatest injustices of Northern Ireland's troubled history. Even the name of the city is disputed, with pro-Irish nationalists calling it Derry and pro-British unionists calling it Londonderry.
The Bloody Sunday arrest is a reminder that soldiers and our military do not deserve the wholehearted support they often receive — Chris Phillips (@Negadeth) November 10, 2015
"Some members of our armed forces acted wrongly ... and for that, on behalf of the government, indeed on behalf of our country, I am deeply sorry," British Prime Minister David Cameron said after the release of the report.
When I first saw the striking maternity photo of Andrea and Kendall Brunson and their soon-to-be family of 8, taken by Sarah Ledford of ShutterHappy Photography, I was, well, deeply impressed. Because I am currently pregnant with my fourth child. So, I couldn't help but wonder, “How do they do it?”
I mean, I'm struggling right now! Caring for three kiddos and a growing baby is no joke, and um, I'm a little scared for the future. Thus, I was immediately inspired to reach out to Sarah and see if Andrea would be open to talking with me about raising their big, beautiful brood.
It turns out Andrea was (understandably) skeptical at first, given the unpredictable “trolliness” of the Internet. But then, they decided to go for it. “My reason for saying yes is because big families are not the norm anymore,” the brand-new mom of eight told BabyCenter in an email. “If you have a big family there must be something wrong with you!”
But Andrea says, “We love having a big family. My kids (who range in age from 11 years to 1 week) love having someone always there willing to play. We just asked them at dinner last night if we should be done or have another baby. They all said have another!”
The Brunsons didn't always know they wanted a large family. “We both come from a biological family of eight kids,” Andrea told us. “We knew we wanted at least three kids. Little did we know I get pregnant very easy! Babies kept coming. Before we knew it we had 5 kids.”
They thought they were done, but it seems God had other plans for them. “Three more little cuties have come along.”
Raising 8 kids takes strategic planning, according to Andrea. “We take things one day at a time,” they explain, adding that they and Kendall are a team. “He helps me with anything I need when they get home from a long day at work. They even help during the night.  They are awesome!”
Sticking to a schedule is key for this busy fam. “The kids always know when meals are going to be served, when homework and chores needs to be done.” And Andrea doesn't put off for tomorrow what can be done today. “We get anything that needs to be ready in the morning ready the night before. That makes our mornings go so much smoother when getting ready for school.”
But they also believe in striking a balance. “I try really hard not to over-schedule our day. If there is too much going on everyone gets stressed and grouchy.” Another grump-instigator? Media. “It turns them into little zombies,” they say, and I agree! My kids totally glaze over after a too-long iPad sesh.
Andrea offers advice for keeping your sanity as a mom of many: “Find a hobby that you enjoy. I sew, crochet, refinish furniture, make boutique hair bows, and paper craft. I am now learning to quilt. I find the time after my kids go to bed. I need something to recharge myself.”
Date nights are also essential.
“A happy family starts with a happy, healthy marriage. You need time with your spouse to reconnect. You don't even need to leave the house. Dinner after the kids go to bed or a soak in the tub are some of our favorites.”
In the end, I am convinced this seasoned mama's advice while simple, is empowering. Because, clearly, there aren't any secrets to raising a big family; it's all about using common sense and relying on good, old-fashioned values.
Of course, we moms of more than a few loves our big broods. But others may have a different opinion. I have become accustomed to big family bias, having heard my fair share of snarky comments while out shopping or dining with my seemingly ever-growing family. My personal fav? “This is a restaurant not a daycare.” Nice, right?
Given my experience, I couldn't help but wonder if Andrea has been confronted with similar intolerance toward their super-sized progeny. “We do get some large family bias,” they told us, adding, “Not very much though. We mostly get stares at first. Like when we all walk in a restaurant and the old couple next to us cringe, thinking, ‘There goes our quiet evening.'"
But this experienced mama wants people to know not all kids misbehave in public. “They see how well-behaved our kids are. They then comment on how good they are and thank you for teaching them manners.”
Thank you to the Brunsons for sharing their experience with BabyCenter. Photos used with permission of Sarah Ledford / ShutterHappy Photography™. Find them online and on Facebook.
If you have a large family, what is your advice for making it work?
The first time you see raw milk, you are struck by its creaminess: The milk is so laden with fat that the plastic jug swells. It looks straight out of another centurya fantasy world in which all dairy was unprocessed and nobody worried about E. coli superbugs. Unpasteurized, or raw, milk is a sort of holy grail for ardent locavores and dairy-industry skeptics, who label it real milk (implying that the vast majority of milk we drink is, in fact, fake). But it's also gaining in popularity among those who don't qualify as a combination of tea baggers and granolas, as food-safety lawyer Bill Marler puts it. The ranks of the raw-curious are growing, as are the number of farms with permits to sell it to them: 29 in New York (up from nineteen in 2007), and 100 in Pennsylvania (up from 35 in 2005).
Though there is little scientific evidence that raw milk is more nutritious, proponents credit it with treating a whole range of health problems, from eczema to irritable-bowel syndrome. Their theory is that pasteurization not only destroys dangerous pathogens like E. coli, salmonella, and campylobacter; it also zaps some good things: for instance, the enzyme lactobacillus, which helps with digestion.
Then there's the drinking experience. Raw milk typically comes from small farms where the cows are grass-fed. The taste changes depending on the season (the most deliciously grassy stuff supposedly arrives in the spring), as does the look: ranging from gold to beige to yellow-green. Fans drink it at room temperature, sipping slowly as if they were savoring a fine Bordeaux. It's like the difference between Cheez Whiz and Brillat-Savarin, says one Brooklyn mother who coordinatesillegally a weekly group delivery of raw milk.
Food-safety officials could not be less enthusiastic. Last month, the FDA issued a warning about an outbreak of campylobacter tied to an unregulated raw-milk dairy in Indiana (at least twelve people were sickened). Marler has represented clients who've gotten severely ill from raw milk, resulting in kidney failure, heart attacks, and paralysis. In a 2009 study, raw milk was implicated in 75 percent of all dairy-related illness outbreaks between 2000 and 2007. Raw-milk defenders dispute these numbers and dismiss the alarms: The FDA and the USDA are ready to blame anything on raw milk, says Sally Fallon Morell, the president of the Washington, D.C.based Weston A. Price Foundation, a raw-milk advocacy group.
Conspiracy theories aside, many people are willing to trade health risks for supposed health benefits and fuller taste. So how can you score some? It depends on where you live: In Connecticut, you can buy it in retail stores; New Jersey bans it outright; and in New York, raw milk can be purchased only on the premises of certified farms that are subject to rigorous monthly inspections. (See the next page for several reputable farms; there's a complete list at realmilk.com.) Here in the city, drinkers usually participate in delivery clubs, which have a middleman purchase a large quantity of milk at the farm and truck it in. This is not legal, so the clubs are usually underground. But with minimal Googling, I found one that would deliver to me at home in Brooklyn, no questions asked.
My order arrived several days later in the back of a station wagon. It was driven to my curb by a neatly dressed mansweater, pleated chinoswho leaned into the backseat and handed me two wet, extremely cold, plastic half-gallons and a jar of maple syrup. I handed them $23, and they left. What nutrients or pathogens lurked inside? It was impossible to say. But for a black-market bottle, it looked deceptively innocent.
Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL: Distilled
Sean O'Sullivan Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 17, 2017
via Google
It's a beautiful day in San Antonio and as the press embargo for Google's newest flagship devices finally lifted I decided I'd give my hands-on impressions a go. So as I sip a little of my preferred whiskey I figured I'd distill the thoughts that jumped out at me in handling the two devices.
First of all they look much better in person than they do in any renders or online.
The somewhat prominent bezels on the XL seem much less egregious in the hand than they do in photos. Are they still too big for 2017? Probably, but the irritation is tempered by the utility offered by the (pretty great) front facing speakers flanking the display. Even the diminutive, smaller Pixel is more charming in person. The bezels are clearly a painful vestige of yesteryear, but the reachability of the device's 5" display is much better than its larger 6" sibling so it still makes a compelling case for being given a pass. In fairness though I wasn't quick to condemn the bezels on the previous generation either. Suffice it to say they won't age well, but for now they're fine.
Speaking of those displays lets get the good news out of the way. While the XL borrows much from LG's V30, the device after which it was most closely modeled, concerns that it would suffer from the same tragically bad production run can be laid to rest. In my time handling the devices the screen doesn't seem to have the same level of gradient issues when it should be displaying a uniform color but the good news ends there.
It's simply true that LG is a few years behind its Korean rival Samsung when it comes to its mobile OLED production. The XL's screen has some off-axis color shifts that trend blue-green and though the display isn't outright blotchy it is noticeably grainier than comparable Samsung panels, including the one found in the smaller Pixel 2. If you used a Samsung device from a few years ago you can extrapolate the disparity that exists between Google and Samsung's current flagships. I would most favorably liken the Pixel 2 XL display to one found in a Galaxy Nexus or Galaxy SII, only far sharper because of the higher resolution. I wouldn't call it a deal-breaker as you're likely not to notice unless you compare them side-by-side or at extremely low brightness settings, but it's a little disappointing to be sure.
Fit and finish seems pretty great as well. The details are meticulously managed, but I wish the front glass met the metal edges a little more tightly and smoothly. On the other hand the glass pane on the back blends and curves effortlessly into the aluminum body of the device. The tactile transition is very obvious, but it isn't sharp or rough merely a different material on one end than the other. While those materials are aluminum and glass, table stakes in today's smartphone market, Google has opted to do something slightly different with it's treatment of the aluminum.
As was the case with LG's G5, Google has decided to coat the aluminum in an attempt to hide unsightly antennae bands. This gives the metal portion of the phone a different texture than you might expect, something that was polarizing for customers in the past. Google seems to be aware of this though and has dialed in the texture so that to my fingers it doesn't feel nearly as light nor tacky enough to evoke plastic like the G5. Of interesting note the sensation seems to differ depending on the colorway you end up selecting with the Verizon exclusive ‘Kinda Blue' variant erring on the side of smoother whereas the ‘Just Black' model was grippier and less prone to sliding.
Whether you like the overall design of these phones, and indeed all of Google's hardware aesthetics, will depend on a per-person basis but I'm personally a fan. While Apple and Microsoft may have design ethos rooted in the evocation of jewelry or tools, Google has decided to be very approachable and playful akin to the original rainbow iMacs. I find that to be less intimidating and that's important if Google wants to convince people to put them in their pocket. Plus that stormtrooper colorway.
The phones are blazing fast and Google is definitely showcasing Android at its best. I only spent a limited time with them, but I was impressed in the same way I was with the original Pixel. If Google is capable of producing a build of Android this polished I can't imagine why it sometimes proves difficult for Samsung or LG. That extends to the way you use the phone. Google Assistant can be launched immediately with a squeeze of the phone, and I was able to quickly dial in a pressure for it that felt natural to me. Swiping down on the fingerprint sensor pulls down the notification shade for you. The camera can be called upon without delay and from anywhere simply by double tapping the power button. These are all small details, but they're thoughtful shortcuts that simplify the experience without adding confusion.
Speaking of the camera…actually no. I'll reserve most of my judgement there. It seems primed to be every bit as impressive in 2017 as the first Pixel was in 2016 which should put it at or near the top of the smartphone camera heap. The proof is in the pudding so start following #teampixel on Instagram and you'll begin to get a sense for how they perform in the real world. The fact that Google has hidden an entire image processor in both Pixels that it has yet to turn on means there's more to be seen with the camera prowess. I will say the inclusion of unlimited, full-resolution cloud backup on Google Photos is an incredible value-add and if you aren't already using Google Photos you should be. What better time to start?
It's still early days for Google hardware and these devices aren't perfect, but for a sophomore effort it seems like they've largely nailed it. So who thinks they're getting one of these bad boys?
Boston cop arresting woman on bus - screenshot/YouTube
A tense situation in Boston came to a peaceful resolution when a Boston police officer holstered their service weapon during a struggle with a black woman on a bus after they listened to bystanders pleading with them to “drop the gun.”
In a video posted on YouTube Friday night, the officer can be seen struggling with the woman near the end of the bus –reportedly over a petty theft charge — and quickly drawing their gun as bystanders scrambled to get out of the way.
With multiple witnesses filming the altercation on their cell phones, bystanders can be heard yelling “drop the gun,” “officer, please put down the gun” as the cop can be seen looking back at them and seeing they are being recorded.
After holstering their weapon, the officer continues to attempt to control the woman who flails at them while climbing up on bus seats in an attempt to get away.
Witnesses can hear pleading with their “sister, chill out” and “relax,” saying “we're here for you.”
Another officer enters the bus and — after initially reaching for their weapon causing more calls to “put down the gun” — takes control of the woman who continues to attempt to twist away as bystanders continue to tell them to stop resisting, saying they have filmed the whole altercation.
Watch the video below, uploaded to YouTube by BoomNation Station:
MANILA, Philippines — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said Tuesday the family of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos has indicated a willingness to return a still-unspecified amount of money and “a few gold bars” to help ease the government's expected budget deficit.
Duterte said without elaborating that they were considering designating three people, including a former Supreme Court chief justice, to negotiate with the Marcoses over the return of the assets.
Duterte said the Marcoses' intention was relayed by a family spokesperson, whom they did not identify, and indicated the Marcoses were of the view that the assets to be returned had not been stolen as alleged by political opponents.
“I will accept the explanation, whether or not it is true,” Duterte said in a speech to newly appointed officials.
The Marcoses are “ready to open and bring back (assets) including a few gold bars,” Duterte quoted the Marcos family spokesperson as saying. “It's not that big, it's not Fort Knox, it's just a few but they said, they'll return.”
There was no immediate reaction from the Marcos family, including their wife Imelda, who is currently a member of the House of Representatives.
Marcos was ousted in a 1986 “people power” revolt and died in exile in Hawaii three years later without admitting any wrongdoing, including accusations that they and their family amassed an estimated US$5 billion to US$10 billion while they were in power.
Marcos placed the Philippines under martial rule in 1972, a year before their term was to expire. They padlocked Congress, ordered the arrest of political rivals and left-wing activists and ruled by decree.
A Hawaii court found Marcos liable for human rights violations and awarded US$2 billion from their estate to compensate more than 9,000 Filipinos who filed a lawsuit against them for torture, incarceration, extrajudicial killings and disappearances.
Although they rose to power last year on a promise to combat widespread crime and corruption, Duterte has acknowledged that one of Marcos' daughters, a provincial governor, backed their presidential candidacy. Duterte has noted that their late father, a local politician, was a trusted Cabinet member of Marcos.
In November last year, Duterte approved the burial of the long-dead Marcos at the country's Heroes' Cemetery in a secrecy-shrouded ceremony, sparking protests and shocking many democracy advocates and human rights victims.
Burying someone accused of massive rights violations and plunder at the heroes' cemetery, which is reserved for former presidents, soldiers and national artists, has long been an emotional and divisive issue.
Duterte argued that it was Marcos's right as a president and soldier to be buried at the cemetery, taking a political risk in a country where democracy advocates still celebrate Marcos's ouster each year.
(l. to r.): David McNew / Getty; Alex Wong / Getty; Joe Skipper / Reuters John McCain, Mitt Romney and Rudy Giuliani
Last summer, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani took time out of a GOP debate to defend John McCain: "I happen to be a very big admirer of Senator McCain and I can tell you quite honestly that if I weren't running for President I would be here supporting him." Pundits speculated that the praise was simply a kind word for the man whose campaign had recently exploded, plagued by debt and defections. Privately, McCain advisers wondered if Giuliani was playing nice in order to secure McCain's endorsement after they dropped out of the race.
But this week it was Giuliani who dropped out of the race and endorsed McCain, praising them as an "American hero."
The endorsement was a reflection of the authentic respect McCain and Giuliani have for each other. But that's not all the two candidates share. The endorsement deal was solidifed when both campaigns stayed at the Deerfield Hilton in Florida, following the Republican debate in Boca Raton on January 24. The two campaigns' staff mingled easily over drinks. Acknowledging that their candidate was not likely to survive a defeat in Florida, a Giuliani aide approached one of the McCain senior staffers. Come Wednesday, they said, "Just tell us what want us to do  we've got to stop him."
"Him," of course, is Mitt Romney, the candidate who seems to be uniting their Republican rivals almost as much as Hillary Clinton. "The degree to which campaigns' personal dislike for Mitt Romney has played a part in this campaign cannot be underestimated," says an adviser to one of those rival campaigns. While sharp words have been exchanged between practically every Republican candidate at one point or another on the campaign trail, the aversion to Romney seems to go beyond mere policy disagreements. It's also a suspicion of what they see is their hypocrisy and essential phoniness  what one former staffer for Fred Thompson called Romney's "wholesale reinvention."
The Romney campaign doesn't pretend the sour attitude toward its candidate doesn't exist. But chief counselor Ben Ginsberg insists echoing one of the campaign's main themes  the attitude stems largely from the fact that Romney is "the outsider candidate. He's not from Washington and he's going to change Washington. He's not part of their club."
At times, this apparent rancor among the other candidates toward Romney has seemed like a schoolyard pact  for example, in the many snarky comments aimed at Romney during the Republican debate on Jan. 5, just before the New Hampshire primary. The campaigns have denied there's any political collusion going on; they insist all of them simply feel the same way about Romney.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's economy contracted in the third quarter of this year, quashing hopes the downturn was ending and instead marking the longest recession on record.
A woman looks in a shop window in the affluent Kensington district of London October 22, 2009. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Sterling plunged more than a cent against the dollar and government bonds surged as traders and analysts bet the Bank of England was more likely to expand its quantitative easing program of buying up debt market assets to secure a recovery.
Friday's figures are also a blow to Prime Minister Gordon Brown's Labour government, trailing in opinion polls and hoping for recovery to take hold well before an election due by next June.
The Office for National Statistics said British gross domestic product fell by 0.4 percent between July and September, meaning the economy has contracted for six successive quarters for the first time since records began in 1955.
This was much worse than analysts' expectations of a 0.2 percent rise. Not a single analyst out of the 35 polled by Reuters before the data had predicted a negative reading.
“Third quarter GDP is awful, with no positive news within the report,” said James Knightley, economist at ING.
“More worryingly from sterling's perspective is the fact that the UK may be the only major economy to have contracted in the third quarter.”
Japan, Germany and France all pulled out of recession in the second quarter and economists expect the United States to have returned to growth in the third.
The data will pose a major challenge for the BoE when it reviews its growth and inflation forecasts in early November and analysts remain divided over whether the bank will expand its 175 billion pounds ($287 billion) quantitative easing scheme.
August's forecasts showed the BoE would meet its inflation target over the medium term, but this was based on an annual economic decline of only 4.6 percent in Q3. Friday's figures show a 5.2 percent fall, only marginally better than the record 5.5 percent annual fall registered in the second quarter.
“It's fair to say that these figures might be an argument that the Bank of England will be using to expand QE... It clearly tilts the balance in favor of those who wish to expand the program,” said Commerzbank economist Peter Dixon.
“WORST RECESSION IN 60 YEARS”
British finance minister Alistair Darling said they still expected growth to return by the turn of the year, reiterating a forecast made in the budget in April. Darling will update that forecast in the pre-Budget report due in the next few weeks.
“We're facing the worst global financial crisis and recession in 60 years,” they said. “That's all the more reason to continue the action the government is taking. To remove it now would be madness.”
But Darling's Conservative counterpart, George Osborne, said Germany and France's better economic performance showed government policy had failed.
“We now know that Gordon Brown's recession plan has not worked, and this news has destroyed Labour's claim that Britain was better placed than other countries to weather the storms.”
The ONS said there had been a peak-to-trough GDP fall of 5.9 percent during the current recession, compared to 6.0 percent between the second quarter of 1979 and the first quarter of 1981 — a period when there were some quarters of growth.
The quarterly decline between April and June was unrevised at 0.6 percent.
Shoppers pass a closed down shop in the affluent Kensington district of London October 22, 2009. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Analysts had been pinning their hopes for recovery on months of survey evidence that had pointed to a sharp rise in confidence and activity in the services sector, which makes up three quarters of Britain's economy.
But services contracted by 0.2 percent over the quarter, with the distribution, hotels and catering sub-sector leading the decline with a 1.0 percent quarterly drop.
Economists had already expected industrial output to be weak, following a sharp monthly drop in August, and the GDP data bore this out. Industrial production fell by 0.7 percent over the quarter, taking its annual decline to 10.4 percent.
Buffy The Vampire Slayer comic creators say character of Billy will 'empower' young gay men
Following in the footsteps of trailblazers DC Comics and Marvel, the makers of Buffy The Vampire Slayer are set to introduce their first gay character.
Slayer Billy will be introduced in the ninth series of Dark Horse Comics' spin-off of the cult TV show.
‘It's a very honest, very sweet story about a young man who wants to be a hero,' said Buffy writer Drew Greenberg in an interview with Out magazine.
They added that they hope the character, which has always been associated as a female role, empowers young gay men.
Greenberg said: ‘So much crap gets heaped upon us as gay men – crap from straight people and, frankly, crap from other gay people – about how it's important to be masculine in this world, how your value is determined by your ability to fit into masculine norms prescribed by heterosexual society and, sadly, co-opted by gay society as a way to further disenfranchise and bully those who don't meet those norms.'
They added that they will be ‘thrilled' if their story makes people examine ‘traditional' gender roles.
The introduction of Billy is part of a growing trend by comic books to feature gay heroes, with Green Lantern coming out and X Men character Northstar marrying their same-sex partner.
And in March, a gay wedding was featured in a sell-out edition of Life With Archie.
However, Buffy writer and producer Jane Espenson says Billy's storyline is not just a cynical attempt to attract new readers.
‘We're hardly pandering when we make a comic book,' they said.
‘There's always growing pains when making progress, but I think cynicism in the face of inclusion may not be a profitable route in making progress.'
Robert Novak, the conservative columnist who learned recently that they have a brain tumor, says their condition is “dire” and they have retired, their home newspaper, the Chicago Sun-Times, reported on Monday.
Mr. Novak, 77, announced on July 28 that the tumor had been diagnosed the day before, and they released a statement saying that they had suspended their writing and television appearances, but hoped to return to them. They were admitted to Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, after feeling ill while they and their wife, Geraldine, were visiting their daughter in Massachusetts.
At the time, their assistant told the Sun-Times that they would undergo a biopsy in the next few days in an attempt to determine the severity of their condition.
Mr. Novak's syndicated political column is one of the most influential and widely read in the country, they produce a subscription newsletter, the Evans-Novak Political Report, and they appeared regularly for two decades on CNN and, more recently, on the Fox News Channel. They had written their column since 1963, first with Rowland Evans, who retired in 1993 and died in 2001, and then alone.
In recent years, Mr. Novak was best known as the journalist who identified Valerie Plame as a CIA operative. A federal investigation into the source of that information followed, which led to the conviction I. Lewis “Scooter” Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Cheney, on obstruction and perjury charges. President Bush commuted Mr. Libby's sentence.
On July 23, while driving in Washington, D.C., Mr. Novak struck an elderly pedestrian, and later said they did not realize the accident had happened. It is not clear whether the incident was connected to their brain tumor.
Chad's government denies backing Jem rebels A BBC reporter in Chad has seen armed Sudanese rebels openly driving through Oure Cassoni camp for Darfur refugees. The Justice and Equality Movement (Jem) fighters were armed with rocket-propelled grenades and AK-47s. A Jem spokesperson told the BBC their group had permission from the authorities to enter the camp near Sudan's border for supplies and to get vehicles fixed. Aid workers say their presence in the camp, near the town of Bahay, is putting refugees' safety at risk. The BBC's Celeste Hicks in Bahay says last month planes bombed three kilometres away from the camp, in what was believed to be Sudanese retaliation for Jem taking the Darfuri towns of Kornoi and Um Baru in May. Jem is not being paid by the Chadian government, we have no way of putting pressure on them
Mahamat Hissene
Chad government spokesperson
Who are Sudan's Darfur rebels? Two local people and many animals were killed. "All the children had gone to the wadi [dry river bed] to collect firewood," refugee Izadine Kashir told the BBC "We heard the bombing and saw huge clouds of smoke. Everyone panicked and the women went running out of the camp to get the children." More than two million people have been forced from their homes during the six-year conflict in Darfur. Some 250,000 have crossed the border into Chad. No peacekeeper patrols According to the UN's refugee agency, the carrying of arms into refugee camps is prohibited by international refugee law.
Mapping a crisis But Oure Cassoni falls well short of those rules, our correspondent says. "We cannot provide assistance [unless] in a neutral environment - the capacity to ensure its civilian and humanitarian nature is just not there," says Serge Male, UNHCR's outgoing representative in Chad. The UNHCR had hoped the arrival in 2008 of the UN peacekeeping mission for Chad and the Central African Republic (Minurcat) would provide a deterrent to the armed men, our reporter says. But while they have started patrols further south, humanitarian workers in Bahay say it has been months since they last saw them. "We have had a challenge of finding water to set up a permanent base there," says Minurcat head Victor Angelo. "But we will do everything that's necessary to stop people using the camp to recruit children or as a rest and recuperation facility." Some two million people in Darfur have fled their homes since 2003 UNHCR warns that unless Minurcat deploys, aid workers have only two options. "Either we move the camp, or finally we can decide to completely withdraw assistance. Something has to change soon," Mr Male says. Chad's government denies allegations it has close links with Jem, who come from the same ethnic group as President Idriss Deby - and are often seen in N'Djamena hotels. "Jem is not being paid by the Chadian government, we have no way of putting pressure on them," says government spokesperson Mahamat Hissene. "We've done everything we can to bring security to Chad but with so many refugees we had to ask the UN peacekeepers to come in." Jem took up arms in 2003, complaining that Sudan's Arab-dominated government was discriminating against Darfur.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At Dr. Sakmann's lab, Dr. Markram made their most famous discovery.
They were pondering how the brain learns cause and effect. They set up an experiment to record the electrical activity from two connected neurons in a slice from a rat's brain, and discovered that the neurons required a precise sequence of voltage spikes to change the strength of their connections. They speculated that the mechanism might be at the root of our notion of causality.
That work has now been cited thousands of times. Yet as Dr. Markram's reputation grew, so did their impatience.
Neurons are organized into interconnected circuits that can number in the millions. Dr. Markram realized that to make real progress linking neurons to behavior, experimenting on two neurons at a time “just wasn't enough.”
In their first faculty position, at the Weizmann Institute, they set up a wildly ambitious new experimental rig that could record data not just from 2 neurons in a rat's brain but also from 12.
“His rig made NASA look tame,” recalled Dr. Markram's postdoctoral adviser at the N.I.H., Elise F. Stanley, who visited them at the Weizmann in 1995. “There was so much equipment that you couldn't even see the brain tissue.”
Soon Dr. Markram would learn that their son, Kai, had autism. “You know how powerless you feel,” they said. “You have this child with autism, and you, even as a neuroscientist, really don't know what to do.”
They began to question the impact of their work. “I realized that I could write a high-profile research paper every year, but then what?” they said. “I die, and there's going to be a column on my grave with a list of beautiful papers.”
Mad Street Den, 1 year old AI & Computer Vision startup from Chennai has raised $1.5M (9cr.) from Reservoir Investments' Exfinity Fund and GrowX ventures.
MSD offers AI and Computer Vision as a plug and play solution to businesses and their platform – the MADStack offers a wide range of computer vision modules to deliver exciting new experiences for their consumers. Just plug into their AI cloud platform with an API and you're all set!
MSD's flagship product is visual search for fashion based e-commerce (there is no need for exclusive hardware). Take a picture of any dress and find it on your favorite online shopping portal. The company is working with several e-commerce players currently.
ECommerce enablers are the new play for investors and some of these ideas can potentially be lapped up by existing ecommerce players.
Knowledge Bootstrapping
Nikita Voloboev Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 14, 2017
The more deep I dive into attempting to map and understand everything that exists around me, the more I realize just how much I don't know and don't understand. However mapping knowledge in this new way is immensely beneficial. I don't have to rely on my brain's imagination for what the ‘picture of the world' looks like. Because I have it in front of me, in all its visual glory.
This isn't a post about how amazing this world is for what it has to offer though. This is my attempt at answering any question as to ‘why?' I decided to conduct all of my research and most of my notes in a very public way and share it all. There may be parts of my ‘notes' that will seem questionable or perhaps ‘funny' to some people. And that's okay. What I want, is to provide a basis for knowledge and connect it all together in a way that makes sense. But above all, I want to take the notion of open source software a bit further and attempt to make open knowledge a thing. Currently most knowledge that is being shared comes in bursts of texts, such as blog posts or small tweets. Or perhaps longer forms like books or research papers. Authors try to condense what they know into a sizable chunk that they can then share with the world. However there is some friction present in this approach. You never really know, when you are ‘ready' to make this blog post. What do you want to write about that hasn't been already written?
What if you could completely share your thinking process with the world?
We live in an extremely interconnected world. What I write right now, can be read in any place of the world at all times. The only issue, is the language barrier and discoverability. You have to be provided a link to this article from some place. Either recommendation from someone, suggestion from Medium or you have managed to type a query in Google that will match this article to what you are looking for. As I have said before, search engines are immensely powerful, but only if you know what you are looking for. You need to form a question first, to get some kind of answer. The good thing is that there is an immense amount of great questions that you can ask with even more rewarding answers. The bad thing, is that most people including myself don't know that such amazing questions even exist. They were not exposed to this knowledge.
The amount of websites and information that has been indexed by search engines is staggering. Everything you say on the internet stays there like non erasable ink. Every question you ask and every answer you provide already pushes our sum of collective knowledge further. It is Google's job to organize it all and provide you with the interface to query all this knowledge. Google is not the only thing you can use though to find your answers. I am very fond of site specific searches. That am I very often search for something on GitHub directly. Perhaps I want to find an implementation of some algorithm or idea in code. This way of discovery is very powerful because if you can translate some idea into code, it means you have managed to make it work. You not only understood it on some high level but you have implemented it and you know what makes this idea work in practice and what doesn't. Reading through the code and attempting to implement your idea in code is the best thing you can do for your understanding of the problem or concept. But once again, you have to know what you are looking for. What problems or ideas do exist out there in the world for you to go and explore and solve? Where would one even start?
What if you could take on a mind of another person, see all the difficulties that they have been through and all of their discoveries? What if you could carry on where they left off so you don't have to start from scratch in your journey? You can take all the pieces they have collected and tried to make sense of and see what paths you can take. It's then much easier to choose a direction with which you can go.
That in essence, is the answer as to ‘why' I decided to publish and upload all of my research public and keep it constantly updated. I also do it in a unique and visual way where I first outline everything that I know exists and what is interesting and attempt to connect all the separate ideas together as I do research on each one of these specific ideas in depth. Each node in the graph is another graph of nodes and information and resources and notes. I do annotations over everything I read, books, articles, research papers. I mark what I thought was interesting and usually say why. I mark the important points and try to condense videos into very succinct summaries. I mark all of the websites I use, all the snippets of code that I find useful. I share my favorite discoveries and my favorite images. Everything I have collected, mapped in my own way, shared with all.
To add more to this, I will also be sharing all of the Anki decks that I have created as I try to translate all this knowledge from the mind map into my memory for processing. I make the cards very specific and serve one purpose of trying to remember answers to questions that I have had so that I don't ask the same questions over and over and start asking new ones. You need a very powerful base of understanding to actually solve or even attempt to solve some of the more exciting problems that exist in this world. The most exciting of which I think is creating general artificial intelligence. It is inevitable and is only a matter of time where one can make a machine capable of self improvement similar to human. Machine that is not biologically bounded both by memory and its capabilities. Solving the problem of what makes humans conscious and capable of reasoning and self reflection is immensely fascinating and hard. It is a shame that first you have to spend years of your life understanding all of this mathematics and theory to try to even understand how can a machine possibly learn? How do thoughts arise? What is consciousness?
I am really grateful that I have the opportunity to answer these questions or at least attempt my best to answer them. And where I and other people have failed, the next generation of humans will take what we know and have found out and use that to find more and more things. As number of contributions to this sum of all knowledge grows, the rate at which we progress as species will increase exponentially.
We are all one interconnected organism who for the most part share very similar goals of both inner and outer world discovery. Let's share these discoveries we have made and work collectively to solve the problems that we have in front of us.
You are smart, sassy, eloquent and I wouldn't mind dating but i'm a white guy who don't find african features attractive☺
◥
Anonymous
Fair enough! You white men really can't stay away from us “unattractive” black women.You read our blogs, watch our porn movies, pictures, make all sort of web search related to black girls just to tell us how “ugly” we are and you'll never date us. That's an awful lot of time to spend on people who are unappealing to you, If I didn't know better i'll even say you are obsessed with us😆
I'll still get laid even if you don't find my features attractive. White men don't validate me and I couldn't care less about what all of you think of me, only my boyfriend's opinion matters for obvious reasons 😏
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., thinks a new bill implementing a merit-based point system for foreigners seeking legal permanent status will never pass the Senate, even though it has President Trump's backing.
"That bill's not going to pass," told CBS 4 in an interview Sunday. "I think the White House knows that you don't have 60 votes for that in the Senate."
Republican Sens. David Perdue of Georgia and Tom Cotton of Arkansas introduced the bill, called the RAISE Act, last week, when Trump announced their support for the plan. The bill implements a skills-based immigration system that awards points to prospective immigrants based on criteria such as education, fluency in English, age and whether the person has a job offer.
Despite Trump's endorsement, the bill faces hurdles in the Senate, where 60 votes are needed for it to overcome a legislative filibuster. Because Republicans control 52 seats, eight Democrats would need to come out in support of the RAISE Act.
Already, though, Democrats and even some Republicans have announced their opposition the bill.
Rubio said the plan was similar to the Gang of Eight immigration bills they worked on in the Senate and acknowledged they support moving to a merit-based immigration system.
"It actually has elements of it that were part of the 2013 proposal," Rubio said. "In 2013, the very controversial Gang of Eight, four Democrats and four Republicans, proposed moving legal immigration toward a merit-based system."
But the Florida senator stopped short of endorsing the RAISE Act and said they disagree with the cuts the bill makes to the number of legal immigrants who enter the U.S.
"I don't want to limit legal immigration. I certainly want to change the way we conduct it," Rubio said. "...Where I probably have a big difference of opinion with this bill is that it sets an arbitrary cap on the number of people that are able to come through with a green card. I don't think that should be an arbitrary cap. That number should be driven by demand."
Share. Lunar Software wants to see sci-fi horror game Routine on PS4 once its PC version is out. Lunar Software wants to see sci-fi horror game Routine on PS4 once its PC version is out.
Lunar Software, the developer of upcoming sci-fi horror game Routine, says that it is considering working on a console port once the PC version is completed.
"If we did do a console version it would be PS4-only," says Lunar's Jemma Hughes, speaking directly to IGN. "From a technical standpoint it would be far easier for us to port over as there would be much less need for optimisation."
Exit Theatre Mode
The four-person team is currently not considering a port for Xbox One.
"We wouldn't want to expand to any other consoles as it's extremely tiring doing the non-creative work," Hughes explains. "I think we could only handle doing it for one console." They mention that Lunar has had interest from other teams in handling ports, but that Lunar is too "protective" of Routine to consider outsourcing at the moment.
"We are first and foremost PC developers so anything else will have to come after that... We honestly wouldn't even be thinking about doing a console port if it wasn't for how awesome Sony have been with developers. They have been extremely open and helpful in any way they can be and we would like to support their console."
Routine is a first-person exploration game set on an '80s-style moon base; we listed it as one of our 13 horror games to watch out for in 2014. Lunar is aiming to release it sometime this year.
Katie Williams is a freelance writer and games journalist. You can follow them on IGN. They also tweet at @desensitisation and hopes that one day, a bird will tweet back.
They really do love video games... and women
What? Liana? Have you lost your mind? No. I have talked to Gaters almost every day for the past two months. The vast majority of them are totally cool with women being included in gaming. Female journalists get more online harassment than their male counterparts no matter what their speciality, so the harassment against female games press isn't a games thing. It's a press thing.
While there are some extremely loud pro-GamerGate participants with nonsensical anti-feminist political agendas, and while there are some anarchists who just want to burn it all down, there are also a great many people who don't give a damn about the sexual antics of an indie developer and just want to be reassured that the video game industry isn't succumbing to rampant corruption.
The accusations of misogyny against GamerGate are connected to the belief that GamerGate is, at its core, attacks on a series of women. I'm believed to be among them. These women make a lot of public statements, some controversial, and we have made mistakes. But this can also be said about many men who have angered GamerGate, like developers Damion Schubert and David Scott Jaffe. The dudes are allowed to be complex, controversial figures without being turned into Joan of Arc by one faction and Bellatrix Lestrange by the other.
No one wins against the spotlight because it cuts both ways. Various press sites ran articles about Zoe and Anita in attempts to "support" them. This was misguided. By running one-sided stories about various women, both for and against, the media has turned these women into greater targets through those biases. I'm not suggesting we adopt victim blaming mentalities. I'm saying we need to stop making the victimization worse.
When you run a news story, you have to expect that coverage to be scrutinized for bias, errors and omissions. It's much better to let us face our critics and tell our stories. Shut down unfair criticism, yes. Shut down threats of violence, yes. But some services would not accept any criticism regarding some public figures who happen to be women. The press fed people a narrative. People felt something was amiss with the coverage. When they complained about that, they were called bigots. That solves nothing.
Anonymous Twitter users need to get better about how they phrase their criticisms, but it's unfair to equate social awkwardness with hatred. Yeah, the Gaters were rough on me at first. But I've come to realize that was its own form of equality. There were some a**holes with issues, sure, but most of the Gaters who challenged me did so based on the assumption that I am an equal. I appreciate the respect. It was a nice change from being treated like a glass flower that needed protection as opposed to fairness.
In fact, it's very hard to enjoy most modern video games without some feminist leanings. Lara Croft; the Asari in Mass Effect; the extremely diverse women of Dragon Age; Anne Bonny and Mary Read in Assassin's Creed Black Flag, Aveline from Assassin's Creed: Liberation; Shaundi and Kenzie in Saints Row III and IV, and the various women of the God of War franchise are all examples of feminism in populist art. And if you prefer your ladies more buttoned down and intellectual, we have the Bioshock franchise's Brigid Tenenbaum, Sophia Lamb, and Rosalind Lutece. GamerGaters love these characters.
So while the misogyny argument is totally valid when applied to certain participants in GamerGate, it's a complete straw man argument when applied to GamerGate as a whole.
From Pixelmator and Auxy to Microsoft Word and Gruff Rhys, the best apps for Apple's tablet in the last 12 months
1. Pixelmator
If you want more from a photo-editing app than simple filters and cropping, Pixelmator is just the thing: a powerful yet easy-to-use image-editing app with more retouching tools than you can shake a (paintbrush) stick at, tapping Apple's iCloud service to run across devices.
2. Auxy: Beat Studio
Auxy is an accessible but deceptively powerful music-making app, where you create beats, bass lines and melodies then string them together into tracks to share online. It's stylish, fun and has plenty of flexibility, with more features for preserving your work added since launch.
3. Microsoft Word
Microsoft finally brought its Office suite to iPad, including individual apps for its different elements. Word represents them all in the context of this roundup, then: it was a serviceable tablet port of the company's flagship word processing software, with Microsoft's Office 365 subscriptions built in.
4. Pacemaker DJ
There have been DJ apps for iPad since the tablet's earliest days, but Pacemaker DJ brought a big new feature to the table: it drew on streaming service Spotify for tracks to play, rather than just your own collection. But it was also an inventive take on tablet DJing for other reasons: its tactile interface worked really well.
5. Toca Nature
Toca Nature was an app from children's publisher Toca Boca: a creative sandbox for exploring nature. Kids raise and lower the land to create mountains, valleys and lakes, then plant trees to attract foxes, bears, woodpeckers and other wildlife.
6. Molecules by Theodore Gray
Publisher Touch Press had a huge hit in the iPad's early days with its Elements app. This year it followed up with Molecules: a beautifully-crafted app that has a book as its guts, but layers on top some wonderfully-playful simulations of 348 molecules to interact with using tactile controls.
7. Kitchen Stories
Apple choosing this as one of its apps of 2014 may have surprised some, but not cooks for whom it had become a trusted kitchen companion. Kitchen Stories is a cleanly-designed recipe guide app, with videos, photos and step-by-step instructions that even a cuisine dunce would be hard-pressed to misinterpret.
8. American Interior
American Interior was this year's album from Super Furry Animals' Gruff Rhys, but it was also a book, a film and an app telling the story of adventurer John Evans' quest to find a fabled Welsh-speaking native American tribe. The app uses a mixture of text, video and music, and is a great way into the book, film and album.
9. ScratchJr
The coding-for-kids category got crowded on the app stores this year, but ScratchJr came from a fine source: MIT, which was responsible for the Scratch visual programming language that inspired it. Aimed at 5-7 year-olds, this app gets children to create stories by slotting together blocks of code.
10. Storehouse – Visual Storytelling
Not telling you stories: an app for you to use to tell your own tales, using photos, videos and text. Storehouse is one of those apps that Apple can hold up in defence when people say its iPad is for consuming, not creating. This is a simple way to turn your digital media into stories for sharing on various social networks.
11. Glose
Books might not be social when you're reading them, but they can be hugely social when you're discussing them later – ask any book group. No digital service has ever quite nailed the idea of social reading, but Glose looked like a promising attempt this year, with its community features.
12. Radio Times Magazine
I'll be honest: I still buy a print copy of the Radio Times every Christmas and ring loads of programmes with a red biro (then manage not to watch most of them). But the popular UK TV listings magazine also released a smart iPad app this year, for couch potatoes wanting more than their EPG.
13. Brian Cox's Wonders of Life
This book-app from HarperCollins followed its first app collaboration with TV's Brian Cox, Wonders of the Universe. Wonders of Life turned its attention to life on earth, with 3D creatures and habitats to explore, and plenty of video, images and articles to inspire you.
14. Learnist
Pitched as a “knowledge social network”, Learnist was one of a growing number of apps designed for keen self-educators, harvesting information and videos on a host of different topics for you to browse and digest. A fertile source of ideas and practical advice alike.
15. Timeline WW1 Tanks
Author and TV presenter Dan Snow thinks apps are ideal for teaching history to all ages, and Timeline WW1 Tanks was one of the apps from their own company Ballista that showed their thinking. It was a fascinating history of the tank, based around an interactive timeline, with a wealth of multimedia material to explore.
16. KORG Gadget
Synthesizer maker KORG's new app was expensive – launching for £19.99 – but it was marvellous value for music enthusiasts. It's a collection of mobile synths and drum machines which you can mix and match to create songs, then share them via SoundCloud, Facebook and/or Twitter.
17. Vivaldi's Four Seasons
Touch Press had a busy year, with this being its latest classical music app: a sumptuous multimedia version of Vivaldi's Four Seasons. Multi-angle video of an orchestra playing the music, along with a “BeatMap” feature to show which sections are playing at any one time, and the ability to solo instruments and find out more about Vivaldi himself.
18. Star Wars Scene Maker
A real treat for Star Wars fans: an iPad app for dreaming up your own scenes within the movie universe, using 3D models of characters and settings, then cutting in dialogue from the Star Wars films or your own recordings. And then sharing the results. Think of the fan-fiction possibilities...
19. Mickey's Magical Maths World
The first in a new series of educational apps for children by Disney: Mickey's Magical Maths World is a collection of five mathematical mini-games hosted by Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy and Goofy. They're elegantly done, with lots of extra interactivity for kids to explore – and a smart parental companion app too.
20. PDF Office
Developer Readdle has made a succession of very-useful productivity apps: and its PDF Office offered another angle: it creates editable PDF documents on your iPad, including by taking photos of physical forms and converting them. Once you have it, you'll realise how often it could come in handy.
21. Think Like Churchill
Another Touch Press app, this time with a famous collaborator: London mayor Boris Johnson. Think Like Churchill aims to help you understand Winston Churchill by putting you in their shoes for some of their most famous political dilemmas, using their writings, advice from colleagues and other real historical documentation.
22. Next for iPad
If you like nothing more than settling down on the sofa of an evening and browsing graphs of your expenses... Well, perhaps check out Netflix or board games. But Next for iPad is nevertheless an excellent expense-tracking app, taking good advantage of the larger touchscreen to present your finances in a clear and simple way.
23. Post-it Plus
A Post-it app? It sounds like a ridiculous novelty, but actually Post-it Plus was a clever idea: an app capable of photographing your Post-it scribbles from a meeting, then turning them into a digital board for further organising, editing and sharing.
24. Duet Display
Released right at the end of 2014, Duet Display could be a real boon for anyone who needs more display from their desktop, but doesn't want to shell out for an extra monitor. This turns your iPad into an extra display, promising – and delivering, as far as I can tell – “lag-free” performance.
25. iPlayer Radio for iPad
Another release late in the year, here in the UK, iPlayer Radio for iPad is the official iPad version of the Beeb's radio app, optimised for the bigger screen in both portrait and landscape modes, with simple navigation to get to your favourite stations and shows quickly.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi addressess the media in New Delhi (PTI photo)
After a humiliating defeat in four state elections on Sunday, Rahul Gandhi, who led the Congress party's campaign, told reporters, "The people have sent us a clear message. We have heard it... not just in our minds but in our hearts."The BJP stacked up super-wins in Rajasthan Madhya Pradesh and finished on top in Delhi. In Chhattisgarh, the party surged ahead of the Congress in the final stages of counting, marking a hat-trick for chief minister Raman Singh. (Read) Vowing a transformation of the Congress before the national elections, due by May, Mr Gandhi acknowledged that Arvind Kejriwal and their new Aam Aadmi Party, which amassed enormous public support to place second in Delhi. "The Aam Aadmi Party involved a lot of non-traditional people and we will learn from that...and will better it in a way you cannot imagine," Mr Gandhi said.The shock of Sunday's colossal losses - the Congress was emphatically evicted from power in Rajasthan and Delhi - comes only months before the country votes for its next government.Mr Gandhi, who is 43, has not been declared the Congress party's candidate for prime minister, but they were its star campaigner.His mother, Sonia Gandhi, who is party president, refuted suggestions that by refusing to reveal its choice for PM, the Congress risks being perceived as leaderless by voters. "People need not worry. At the opportune time, the name of our PM candidate will be announced," they said, after congratulating them party's opponents for their performance.Congress leaders who appeared in TV studios on Sunday were heavy-handed in their attempt to shield Mr Gandhi from being held responsible for the party's debacle. They also insisted that the state elections are not an augury of the national polls. The BJP, which has selected Narendra Modi as its choice for prime minister, had earlier said that the state elections could not be seen as a referendum of their popularity. But leaders like Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Vasundhara Raje Scindia , who won Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, credited them as "a huge factor" in their victory. (Read)
A flight test engineer holds an Airbus Group flag after the first flight of the Airbus A320neo (New Engine Option) in Colomiers near Toulouse, southwestern France, September 25, 2014. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland's $3 billion (2 billion pounds) army helicopter deal with Airbus (AIR.PA) is “very likely” to be canceled, the deputy defense minister said on Tuesday, signaling one of Warsaw's key military programs, speeded up in response to the Ukraine crisis, may face delays.
Poland's previous centrist government, beaten by the Eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party in a parliamentary election in October, agreed a provisional deal with Airbus for 50 EC-725 Caracal multi-purpose helicopters, turning down offers from Sikorsky (LMT.N) and AgustaWestland SIFI.MI.
The contract, negotiated by the economy ministry, has yet to be signed and PiS has repeatedly said it would rather see the deal awarded to a producer manufacturing locally. Both Sikorsky and AgustaWestland have facilities in Poland.
“I can't say that the final assessment of the (industrial) offset negotiations will be negative, but considering how big the differences are, it is very likely that an agreement will not be reached,” Bartosz Kownacki told the Rzeczpospolita daily.
“We are not allergic to the French, but to not utilizing the capacity of the Polish (defense) industry,” Kownacki said. “We'd have to get really as much as possible from the French side to make this contract profitable for us,” they said.
Poland may be better off scrapping the deal and paying a potential fine, which may reach hundreds of millions of zlotys, than accepting the losses the contract would impose on the Polish defense industry, Kownacki was quoted as saying.
The negotiations are supposed to conclude by Feb. 10, the daily said.
“Talks on industrial compensation are under way. Let's wait until they are concluded,” a spokesperson for Airbus Helicopters said.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THE ABILITY to knit used to be a necessity in the days when women had to eke out their weekly budget by producing socks and sweaters for their families.
Today, says knitwear designer Ann Kingstone, from Brighouse, it is much more of “a luxury hobby”.
“And not something that just old grannies do. That image has gone”.
In fact, the average age of knitters on the immensely popular worldwide knitting internet forum ravelry.com is 30. At 45, Ann says they are one of the oldest members of the knitting group in Huddersfield that they regularly attend.
The knitter of today wants to exercise their creative talents and is prepared to spend substantial amounts of money on speciality and luxury yarns in wool, silk and angora.
Ann, who has written two books of knitting patterns, Novel Knits and A Time To Knit, and is about to publish a third, says that one of their most popular patterns uses wool that costs £120. A sweater from their new book, which features natural Yorkshire yarns, will set its creator back £50 or more in materials and take 50 hours to complete.
“It's not about saving money any more,” they say.
Wind the clock back a couple of generations, however, and knitting was all about thrift.
“My mum taught me to knit when I was four or five,” says Ann, “she knitted a lot of our clothes on a knitting machine. The Knitmaster was so much a part of our childhood.”
So far they have failed to interest their eldest son, Daniel, 19, in knitting, but their two youngest sons, Toby, 8, and Tom, 10, have been taught to wield a pair of needles.
Ann is a confirmed hand knitter. The lengthy process of completing a garment is, they say, one of the reasons why people like the craft.
And it's not just women who are learning to knit.
“Quite a lot men are taking it up and enjoy making things for their children” they say.
“Even celebrities. I know the person – a man who runs a knitting shop in London – who taught Ben Fogle to knit.”
The knitter of the 2010s, however, is drawn to unusual patterns and specialist yarns. Ann's new book, Born & Bred, is all about creating garments from single breed Yorkshire wools – many in natural colours.
“We have some wonderful wools in Yorkshire,” they say, “from Wensleydales, White Faced Woodlands and Swaledale sheep.
“A lot of wool is mixed and sold according to grade so people are having to search out single breed wool.”
 They are working in conjunction with a Leeds specialist in Yorkshire yarns, the wittily named Baa Ram Ewe, who source rare breed wools.
The knitter of the internet age has many more resources than their grandmothers had, including ravelry.com, which has more than 2m members.
“There are lots of ways to interact with other knitters on the internet,” said Ann, who has 900 followers on their Twitter account @AnnKingstone.
“There's a strong social aspect to it.”
It's this desire to share their hobby that has led knitters to form knitting groups, at which they meet in person to share tips and mutual help.
Ann, a former nurse and teacher and now a full-time knitwear designer, founded a weekly Knit Night at the George Hotel in Huddersfield with their twin sister Marie Wright. Marie test knits Ann's designs.
However, there are a number of other groups. Some knitters even develop a specialty of their own – one of Ann's friends knits vintage patterns.
Ann's new book, Born & Bred will be launched at Betty's Tearooms in Harrogate at the end of November.
WOOL WEEK is part of the Campaign for Wool, an initiative spearheaded by Prince Charles with the aim of supporting the home-grown woollen industry.
Although Britain was once a country of sheep farmers and cloth manufacturers, the latter part of the 20th century saw this industry go into serious decline.
Nowhere was this more evident than in West Yorkshire, home to the woollen mills.
Today, however, there are signs that wool is once more enjoying a revival. Farmers are getting higher prices for fleeces than they used to and it's becoming more economically viable to raise sheep for wool than for meat.
The British Wool Marketing Board says that 75% of home-grown wool is used by the carpet industry and only 2% goes into fashion, but it's hoping to change that. Wool is today often regarded as a luxury fabric and suppliers find it easier to sell to menswear manufacturers.
However, the growth of knitting as a hobby is driving sales of yarns – including those spun from Yorkshire wool.
Sheep are still an iconic sight in the region's fields, but it will be some time before numbers are up to those of a decade ago, when the country as a whole had 21m breeding ewes. Today the country has just 14m.
KNITTERS AND designers from Holmfirth yarn company Rowan will be ‘clickety-clacking' their way to London today as part of this year's Campaign for Wool.
Now in its third year, the ‘Clickety-Click on the Clickety-Clack' venture – when a carriage on the East Coast rail service is taken over by knitters and designers – is just one of a number of initiatives aimed at promoting British wool during Wool Week.
Passengers on the first class rail carriage, including eight members of the Rowan staff, will be working on 870 knitted rectangles of different textures and yarns, which will be used to create a giant knitted Union Jack, to be unveiled at Kings Cross station. They travelled from London to Edinburgh yesterday, making the return journey today.
Knitted entirely in Rowan's British Sheep Breeds yarns, sourced and spun in Britain, the ‘flag' is a symbol of support for home-grown sheep and their fleeces.
Bank of Canada (BOC) announced today that blockchain technology is currently incompatible with its central banking system.
On May 25, 2017, BOC senior deputy governor Carolyn Wilkins and Gerry Gaetz of Payments Canada, a Canadian payment and settlement system operator, published their conclusion that many hurdles must be overcome before blockchain infrastructure can support the central bank.
This is a reflection of the position that was previously taken by Canadian officials on Project Jasper. The project was an initiative to settle bank transactions on a blockchain using CAD-Coin, a digital alternative to the Canadian dollar. Prior to the outcome of Project Jasper, officials concluded that regulatory measures are necessary to make cryptocurrencies safe.
During the now concluded study, the BOC found that the Jasper Project could settle wholesale payments and lower back-office reconciliation expenses. Unfortunately, fixes to problems revolving around privacy concerns caused vulnerabilities in BOC's deployment of the distributed ledger technology (DLT) payment system – namely, leaving it susceptible to a single point of failure.
Another obstacle that must be overcome is the issue of scalability. Moving away from a fully decentralized network may boost transaction rates, but BOC reported that networks experience reduced resilience as a result.
The elements at play in Project Jasper proved to be a determining factor for BOC's decision to dismiss the technology for the time being. Still, BOC has a short-term goal of modernizing its payment system, albeit without blockchain technology.
According to BOC, it may consider utilizing a DLT system in the future for its wholesale market, but for now, the technology must advance to meet international safety, security, resilience, and efficiency standards.
Compared to women, men are more aggressive and enjoy being promiscuous.
These are just two examples of the sorts of statements that are linked to research findings from evolutionary psychologists.
If such conclusions are accurate, it raises concerns that our biology might prevent us from progressing towards gender equality. But I argue this is not the case, and that we need to understand our evolutionary history in order to overcome gender inequality.
Read more: Can a four-year-old be sexist?
What is evolutionary psychology?
Research shows that females and males – including girls and boys, as well as women and men – have many psychological differences. The field of evolutionary psychology attempts to explain these differences in terms of biological adaptations. In essence, this means examining the differing reproductive challenges faced by the sexes throughout our species' history, and linking these with psychological and behavioural characteristics.
For instance, evolutionary psychologists claim that males are more aggressive than females because they can gain greater access to females by competing violently with other males. Males are thought to be more willing to engage in casual sex because they can greatly increase their reproductive output by doing so, whereas females benefit more from being choosy due to the demands of pregnancy and breastfeeding.
Females are more likely to prefer a partner who is taller and of higher status, because such males are better protectors and providers. Males are more likely to prefer a physically attractive partner, where the features considered most attractive in females are signals of higher fertility, such as youth and physical health.
It is quite possible that psychological, behavioural, and physical sex differences make men more likely to dominate women, and women less likely to resist domination from men.
Sex differences are, of course, a matter of degree rather than kind. For example: yes, more men than women are tall, but that's not to say that women can't be tall, and men can't be short. It's just that when calculated as an average, men are taller and women are shorter. The same principle applies to the differences described above.
Nature or nurture?
Many people reject explanations for sex differences based on evolutionary biology, preferring to attribute such differences to culture and social context.
However, we find evidence of such sex differences all over the world. Furthermore, explaining something as “just culture” doesn't explain why a given cultural norm exists in the first place. It also fails to explain why we find sex differences in behaviour in many non-human animals.
Read more: It's not just women at the top who are paid less than men
There is no reason to think that the ape Homo sapiens is a special case, where everything can be explained by culture and nothing by biology. Finally, twin studies suggest that a large degree of individual differences can be explained by genetics – and not solely by the circumstances in which you are raised, and live.
The rejection of evolutionary explanations for sex differences may often be an emotional response: people feel hostile toward these ideas because the picture they paint of human nature isn't a pretty one. But the fact that something is unappealing doesn't make it false. Some feminists might worry that such explanations imply that if gender inequality is natural then it is inevitable, and perhaps even justifiable.
Natural = necessary?
Regardless of whether you find evolutionary explanations of sex differences convincing, is there reason to be concerned that they might be true? Does a biological basis for sex differences imply that gender inequality is “determined” by our biology?
If you accept the evolutionary explanation for these sex differences, then you might be inclined to conclude that gender inequality has a biological basis. If this is your view, then perhaps you could accept that male domination of females is in some sense “natural” for humans, as it is for many other species, including our closest living relatives.
But just because male domination may be in some sense natural for our species does not make it necessary. This is a classic case of the “is-ought” fallacy — the false conclusion that what is obligatory and even “right” is determined by what is natural.
Evolution is a mindless process that does not obey principles of morality. The “survival of the fittest” simply describes the process of getting genes successfully into the gene pool. It operates regardless of what is right or wrong, or what makes us happy. The fact that something might be human nature doesn't mean it is good, and in many cases, it is clearly the contrary.
Understanding human nature
It is a mistake to assume that an evolutionary explanation of gender inequality is bad news for feminism. Explaining human behaviour does not equate to justifying it or defending it. But if we want to change our society for the better, we probably need an accurate understanding of human nature.
Read more: Medicine's gender revolution: how women stopped being treated as 'small men'
Importantly, evolutionary explanations do not imply that human behaviour is “determined” by our genes, and therefore inflexible. Evolution has given us a preference for foods that are high in sugar, which were rare in the environments in which our species evolved. But this doesn't mean we can't exercise self-control and avoid those foods in the modern environments where they are in ready supply. Our desires for such foods are also flexible; the extent to which we crave them depends on how much of them we are accustomed to consuming.
We could approach gender inequality in much the same frame of mind. Perhaps our evolutionary past inclines males to dominate females, and females to be deferential to males. But recognising our history as the source of these gender differences is not to accept them as our future. We are not mindless automata, doomed to slavishly oblige our instincts and impulses.
Many societies have made progress toward gender equality, despite having to work hard to achieve it. If we want to continue that progress, we must understand the origins of the inequality we wish to fight. It's much harder to change our behaviour if we are not aware of why we do it. This idea was perhaps expressed best by the evolutionary psychologist Robert Wright, in their book The Moral Animal:
Understanding the often unconscious nature of genetic control is the first step towards understanding that – in many realms, not just sex – we're all puppets, and our best hope for even partial liberation is to try to decipher the logic of the puppeteer… I don't think I'm spoiling the end of the movie by noting here that the puppeteer seems to have exactly zero regard for the happiness of the puppets.
Our quest towards progress and justice in all areas, including gender equality, requires awareness and understanding of the forces that have made us who we are.
Leave print-view Front page
9/16/2009 08:10:00 PM posted by agnostic
Did iatrogenic harm select for supernatural beliefs? Did iatrogenic harm select for supernatural beliefs?
Toward the end of Fooled by Randomness , The Black Swan ) talks about religion and the history of medicine. They note that one of the benefits of adhering to religious practices was that you probably avoided going to a doctor when you were in trouble -- you prayed to a god or whatever other supernatural entity your religion said would help you out. Why was this a benefit? Because before roughly 50 to 100 years ago, going to the doctor was worse than doing nothing. They bled you, gave your wife a disease by not washing their hands while delivering their baby, etc.
Basically, before very recent times, doctors were parasites. They did not specialize in healing you, but in conning you into thinking that they could heal you -- for a small fee -- all while making you worse, on average. This makes me think: there would have been a selection pressure on human beings to be skeptical of materialist claims about the world -- or at least about the nature of ourselves -- and thus, by default, to be naturally inclined toward supernatural beliefs. Of course, praying to Zeus might not have done an awful lot of good -- but at least it wouldn't have given you new infections like a hospital would, and at least it wouldn't have bled you dry. (And there may have been some benefit from all the social interactions that you got by attending religious services regularly vs. being socially isolated.)
Natural selection operates on the tiniest differences in relative fitness, and for most of human existence there must have been more than a little difference in fitness between those who eagerly sought out the help of a medicine man / doctor and those who just went to church (or wherever) and prayed to the spirits instead. This may be an original hypothesis, but I don't claim so since I haven't read much on the various theories of why religion is part of human nature. Taleb came pretty close to saying so, but not explicitly. Most economists talk about what's rational or utility-maximizing, without making that final link to evolutionary fitness. To its credit, the idea has a pretty solid basis for the necessary differences in relative fitness between believers and non-believers. Toward the end of this episode of EconTalk , Nassim Taleb () talks about religion and the history of medicine. They note that one of the benefits of adhering to religious practices was that you probably avoided going to a doctor when you were in trouble -- you prayed to a god or whatever other supernatural entity your religion said would help you out. Why was this a benefit? Because before roughly 50 to 100 years ago, going to the doctor was worse than doing nothing. They bled you, gave your wife a disease by not washing their hands while delivering their baby, etc.Basically, before very recent times, doctors were parasites. They did not specialize in healing you, but in conning you intothat they could heal you -- for a small fee -- all while making you worse, on average. This makes me think: there would have been a selection pressure on human beings to be skeptical of materialist claims about the world -- or at least about the nature of ourselves -- and thus, by default, to be naturally inclined toward supernatural beliefs. Of course, praying to Zeus might not have done an awful lot of good -- but at least it wouldn't have given youinfections like a hospital would, and at least it wouldn't have bled you dry. (And there may have been some benefit from all the social interactions that you got by attending religious services regularly vs. being socially isolated.)Natural selection operates on the tiniest differences in relative fitness, and for most of human existence there must have been more than a little difference in fitness between those who eagerly sought out the help of a medicine man / doctor and those who just went to church (or wherever) and prayed to the spirits instead. This may be an original hypothesis, but I don't claim so since I haven't read much on the various theories of why religion is part of human nature. Taleb came pretty close to saying so, but not explicitly. Most economists talk about what's rational or utility-maximizing, without making that final link to evolutionary fitness. To its credit, the idea has a pretty solid basis for the necessary differences in relative fitness between believers and non-believers. Labels: Evolution, Evolution of God, Medicine, Religion
Haloscan Comments
Untitled a guest Nov 29th, 2014 906 Never a guest906Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 0.99 KB My best advice is to first check your orders. On tigerdirect, you have to find your original invoice for anything bought with paypal, it will not show up on your orders page. If you are on backorder, find a similar product still available at a similar price somewhere else, then cancel your order with Tigerdirect. Google Order Protection will not help you, they specifically do not cover disputes involving special sale prices. Everything below this line is my own crazy opinion formed on Google results of this happening to other people: ------------------- They will use this to weasel out of the paypal discount. The backorder is a holding pattern scam to ensure that similar deals on competitor sites will be unavailable to you before they inform you and cancel your order, leaving you to pay full price regardless of who you buy from. The reason they make it hard to find your order if you buy with paypal is to specifically make it less likely you will notice the issue until it is too late.
RAW Paste Data
My best advice is to first check your orders. On tigerdirect, you have to find your original invoice for anything bought with paypal, it will not show up on your orders page. If you are on backorder, find a similar product still available at a similar price somewhere else, then cancel your order with Tigerdirect. Google Order Protection will not help you, they specifically do not cover disputes involving special sale prices. Everything below this line is my own crazy opinion formed on Google results of this happening to other people: ------------------- They will use this to weasel out of the paypal discount. The backorder is a holding pattern scam to ensure that similar deals on competitor sites will be unavailable to you before they inform you and cancel your order, leaving you to pay full price regardless of who you buy from. The reason they make it hard to find your order if you buy with paypal is to specifically make it less likely you will notice the issue until it is too late.
Horror movies have always reflected and explored the political climate of the eras that produced them. In the 1950s, Cold War paranoia led to a spate of films such as Invasion of the Body Snatchers about aliens hiding among us, looking to destroy humanity from within. Later the chaos and bloodshed of the Vietnam war inspired a cycle of cynical, anarchic and bloody movies such as Tobe Hooper's Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Wes Craven's Last House On the Left, in which the rules of civilised society collapse amid senseless, numbing violence. Horror cinema, with its in-built tropes of shock and tension, has always provided a convenient way for culture to process real-life fears.
This is why Resident Evil 7, released this week to much critical acclaim, is an interesting benchmark for where horror video games are right now, and what they say about the world around us. Set in a nightmarish version of rural Louisiana, the story has everyman Ethan Winters stumbling on a seemingly abandoned plantation mansion while searching for their missing wife, Mia. What they discover however, is psychopathic family, who imprison them in their supernatural lair.
It's an enormous re-direction from the previous two titles in the Resident Evil series, which took the originally tense and slow-paced formula of the survival horror genre in a more action-orientated direction. Those games had epic battles, hordes of monsters and well-armed soldiers, and the pace was more akin to a military shooter than a classic horror experience.
Of course, there are commercial reasons for Capcom to revert to the style and structure of its original Resident Evil games: fans of the franchise were becoming alienated, and there were better military action games out there. But it also feels like the right time for horror games to turn in on themselves.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Resident Evil 7 Photograph: Capcom
Whatever your political persuasion, 2016 was filled with seismic sociocultural shocks, with Brexit and Donald Trump being the standout examples. In the aftermath of both the EU decision and the US election, there was an outpouring of uncertainty and alienation; people took to social media to express their incomprehension – families with differing political views turned on each other. In short, we entered an era of mass, localised suspicion: who or what did my neighbours vote for and why? If they don't think like me, what else are they hiding? In a debate that took in immigration, patriotism and identity politics, the impulse on social media was to ‘other' those who held opposing views, to represent these people as intrinsically different, even alien.
If horror entertainment really does reflect the fears of our times, then we should be entering another period in which the monsters are our neighbours, and the venues are our homes and towns. Although obviously developed in Japan, it's fascinating that Resident Evil 7 should take as its setting the American rural south, feeding into the horror mythology of the sociopathic redneck that cinema explored in the 1970s, through the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Hills Have Eyes, Deliverance and others. Whether consciously or not, Capcom has taken its latest title into a place of symbolic fear and resentment for metropolitan Americans. The Baker family are the rednecks, the deplorables, taken to their absolute limits.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Visage is another game of domestic horror. Photograph: Sad Square
Resident Evil 7 is not alone here. Last year saw the prescient We Happy Few about a dystopian society controlled by an Orwellian state obsessed with media manipulation. There was also the excellent Layers of Fear, in which an increasingly unsettled painter fights to finish their major work in a house that is constantly shifting and changing. This year, two other titles Allison Road and Visage will make similar explorations of the old haunted house genre, and both put the emphasis on psychological fear rather than spooks and jump scares. This is, after all, an era in which there is no certainty and no escape – the sociopolitical horrors of the world follow us to our TVs, smartphones and tablets; they chase us on to social media. The haunted house genre subverts our idea of home as a place of safety and escape. This seems remarkably relevant in 2017.
Elsewhere, one of the most intriguing new ‘horror' titles from the independent sector is Hello Neighbor, a stealth game where the player must sneak into the house next door, ostensibly to find out what is hidden in the basement. The neighbour however, has advanced AI and every time they catch you near the house, they erect a new defence. Due out this summer, the game is an interesting examination of petty paranoia and provincial suspicion, echoing the post-Brexit, post-election days of blame and finger-pointing.
The essence of horror is possibility – the possibility that your worst nightmares could come true. When we live in a political climate of epochal change and uncertainty, the sense of dread floods everything, until the smallest assumptions are tested and found wanting. This is when horror entertainment stops being about super soldiers battling giant monsters and turns in towards the town, the neighbour, the home.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hello Neighbor – a horror game about spying on the house next door Photograph: Dynamic Pixels/Tiny Build
“I'm interested in vulnerable characters, in normal human beings,” said Resident Evil creator Shinji Mikami when we interviewed them three years ago. “The horror experience is most scary when the player really isn't sure whether their character is going to live or die – death and survival need to be on a constant see-saw. If there's a situation where you're not 100% sure that you can avoid or defeat the enemies, if you feel maybe there's a chance you'll make it – that's where horror lies.”
In 2017, everyone has been battered by these vast political and societal changes, and we all hope things will get better. It's that hope that horror clings to. Once again, the seemingly deserted house, the one no desperate wayfarer should enter, is a potent symbol of both salvation and annihilation. The scales could tip either way. If we can't process our fears and our uncertainties about everything and everyone around us, it's OK. Horror games will do that for us.
A 24-year-old Arab American from Michigan beat out 50 other women to take the 2010 Miss USA title Sunday night, despite nearly stumbling in their evening gown.
Rima Fakih of Dearborn, Mich., won the pageant at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip after strutting confidently in an orange and gold bikini, wearing a strapless white gown that resembled a wedding dress and saying health insurance should cover birth control pills.
When asked how they felt about winning the crown, they said, "Ask me after I've had a pizza."
Photos: Miss USA 2010
Photos: Miss USA Scandal Photos
Fakih, a Lebanese immigrant, told pageant organizers their family celebrates both Muslim and Christian faiths. They moved to the United States as a baby and was raised in New York, where they attended a Catholic school. Them family moved to Michigan in 2003.
Pageant officials said historical pageant records were not detailed enough to show whether Fakih was the first Arab American, Muslim or immigrant to win the Miss USA title. The pageant started in 1952 as a local bathing suit competition in Long Beach, Calif.
Fakih told reporters they sold their car after graduating from college in Michigan to help pay for their run in the Miss Michigan USA pageant.
They said they believed they had the title on Sunday after glancing at pageant owner Donald Trump as they awaited the results with the first runner-up, Miss Oklahoma USA Morgan Elizabeth Woolard.
"That's the same look that they give them when they say, 'You're hired,"' on Trump's reality show "The Apprentice," they said.
"She's a great girl," said Trump, who owns the pageant with NBC in a joint venture.
In a moment that was replayed during the broadcast, Fakih nearly fell while finishing their walk in their gown because of the length of its train. But they made it without a spill and went on to win.
"I did it here, I better not do it at Miss Universe," they said. "Modeling does help, after all."
Fakih replaces Miss USA 2009 Kristen Dalton and won a spot representing the United States this summer in the 2010 Miss Universe pageant. They also get a one-year lease in a New York apartment with living expenses, an undisclosed salary, and various health, professional and beauty services.
During the interview portion, Fakih was asked whether they thought birth control should be paid for by health insurance, and they said they believed it should because it's costly.
"I believe that birth control is just like every other medication even though it's a controlled substance," Fakih said.
Woolard handled the night's toughest question, about Arizona's new immigration law. Woolard said they support the law, which requires police enforcing another law to verify a person's immigration status if there's "reasonable suspicion" that the person is in the country illegally.
They said she's against illegal immigration but is also against racial profiling.
"I'm a huge believer in states' rights. I think that's what's so wonderful about America," Woolard said. "So I think it's perfectly fine for Arizona to create that law."
"The Office" actor Oscar Nunez was booed as they asked the question and asked the audience to wait until they finished the question before they reacted. The panel of judges came up with the questions themselves.
Miss Virginia USA Samantha Evelyn Casey was the second runner-up, Miss Colorado USA Jessica Hartman was a third runner-up, and Miss Maine USA Katherine Ashley Whittier was the fourth runner-up.
Most of the field of contestants from all 50 states and the District of Columbia were eliminated just after the pageant began and the entire group danced onstage to "TikTok" by Ke$ha.
A panel of eight judges, including NBA star Carmelo Anthony, Treasure Island casino-hotel owner Phil Ruffin and Olympic figure skater Johnny Weir, were judging the girls throughout the night.
After 15 contestants strutted in swimsuits, five were eliminated. Another five were eliminated after the evening gown competition.
Miss Nebraska USA Belinda Renee Wright won the Miss Congeniality award, roughly one week after their father was killed in a farm accident. Miss Alabama USA Audrey Moore won Miss Photogenic after an online fan vote.
The pageant aired live to East Coast viewers on NBC.
The competition, which is not affiliated with the Miss America pageant, was hosted by celebrity chef Curtis Stone and NBC correspondent Natalie Morales.
Does a person's level of integration play a role when deciding if they are an expat? (Keystone)
Who is an expat? It's a simple question, but it's far from easy coming up with a succinct and satisfactory answer. With globalised travel and work habits increasingly in the headlines, swissinfo.ch enters the semantic jungle of expats, immigrants, refugees and economic migrants.
“I know it when I see it,” was the famous comment by a US Supreme Court judge struggling to define obscenity. Many people have the same attitude towards expats: “I know one when I see one.”
In its most literal sense, an expat – short for expatriate (not necessarily an ex-patriot!) – is someone who lives abroad. That's how most dictionaries define it. For the HSBC Expat Explorer surveyexternal link, an expatriate is “someone over 18 years old who is currently living away from their home country”.
But for many people that definition is too broad. It could also apply to students, refugees and asylum seekers, who – I would guess for most people – are not expats. So how can we improve on the “adult abroad” definition?
InterNationsexternal link, the “largest expat network in the world”, defines an expat as “someone who decides to live abroad for an unspecified amount of time, without any restrictions to origin or residence”.
Special reports Escaping the golden cage Portraits of Swiss living abroad
This, it acknowledges, does not differ very much from an immigrant, “usually defined as someone who has come to a different country in order to live there permanently, whereas expats move abroad for a limited amount of time or have not yet decided upon the length of their stay abroad”.
Do you agree? Let's consider various statements about expats – some deliberately provocative – as food for thought in a search for an overall definition.
Expats intend to stay in their new country for a limited period. This goes back to the days when expats were skilled professionals, usually from large multinationals, sent abroad on temporary assignments. Their dependants were also included. The problem is that, while these overseas postings still exist, this definition covers many other people.
Who of the following are expats? An American diplomat stationed in Ghana. A Ukrainian plumber working in London. A German business person living in Shanghai. An Ethiopian medical student refining their skills at a hospital in France. A Syrian professor working in Italy as a janitor, longing to return to their war-torn homeland once it becomes safe again.
As this blog postexternal link, which originally asked that question, points out, the above definition would say all of them; most people would not agree. What's more, by this definition people who retire abroad cannot be expats (unless you stretch “limited” to mean “until death”). The British media would have to come up with another term for the 300,000 or so Brits who live in Spainexternal link, a third of whom are pensioners, all of whom are concerned about how Brexit will affect their rights. What will happen to these Brexpats?
Expats have a certain level of income/education. Or they do certain jobs. Does the colour of your collar (white versus blue) affect your expat status? Can a well-qualified, well-educated person who does a menial job, such as the Syrian professor working in Italy as a janitor, be considered an expat?
The HSBC Expat Explorer survey for 2015 looked at expats in 39 countries and found that while they earned on average $180,000 (CHF182,300) a year, in Switzerland the figure was $200,000. This doesn't necessarily mean you can't be a poor or even unemployed expat, but money appears to play a role.
And let's ignore émigrés. Tempted as I am to refer to myself by a word which, according to Fowler's Dictionary of Modern English Usage, “carries connotations of intellectual or artistic sophistication”, the linguistic divisions are already confusing enough.
Expats are white. Forget about white collar, how about white skin? Let's tip-toe through a politically correct minefield.
White people are expats and everyone else is an immigrant, argue some peopleexternal link. This is based on the view that expattery is an Anglo-Saxon phenomenon and a colonial hangover from the days when the English upper-middle classes were disseminated around the Empire (and Switzerland!). Expat hotbeds included Africa, India and Hong Kong, where affluent Brits enjoyed “expat life” in “expat communities”.
The Empire might have disintegrated, but the cultural connotations linked to expats appear to be going strong. As the author of the previous link comments: “Top African professionals going to work in Europe are not considered expats. They are immigrants. Period.”
An Expat Typology The annual InterNations Expat Insider surveyexternal link identifies ten common types of expatriates. The “traditional expats”, i.e. foreign assignees and the expat (travelling) spouses, are only two of them and make up just a fifth of the survey participants. Others include, for example, one in ten who searched for and found a job abroad on their own, 8% of romantics who move to join their partner in their home country, 7% of former students who came for an education and stayed for a job, 18% of adventurers who simply enjoy living abroad and were looking for a personal challenge.
(Source: InterNations) end of infobox
Then there is the issue of shades of white. If one judges that Africans or Asians do not qualify for expat status, how about eastern Europeans or olive-skinned Italians or Spaniards, for example? Or for that matter a non-white Brit working in the US? If nothing else, these questions strengthen the argument for dropping the term expat.
But even snow-white continental Europeans don't make it into the expat club for some sections of the British media, which refer to Brits in Paris as expats but French people in London as immigrantsexternal link.
Expats move down in the world, immigrants move up. According to this interesting theory, which also has imperial overtones, whether you are an expat or an immigrant depends on the relationship between the country you have left and the country you are in. If you “upgrade” countries, you are an immigrant; if you “downgrade”, you are an expat.
While this argument has a superficial appeal, it is quickly refuted by Switzerland, recently named the best country in the world. It would thus be impossible to downgrade to Switzerland, which consequently would be expat-free (it certainly isn't).
In addition, one of the ten types of expat in the InterNations Expat Insider surveyexternal link is the Greener Pastures Expat, who is “looking for a better quality of life”.
Expats don't hold a passport of the resident country. The Swiss resident population is 8.3 million. How many Swiss citizens live abroad? If you said 775,000, give yourself an expat on the back. Of these, three-quarters hold dual nationality – are they expats? Most people would say no because a passport is, among other things, usually a sign of integration and…
Expats make no effort to integrate. They don't learn the language or socialise with the locals. This again goes back to colonial Brits whose only interaction with the local population was hiring them as domestic staff. Expats basically live the lifestyle of their own country while living in someone else's country, and you need to be rich to do that. Especially in Switzerland.
Expats stay by choice rather than necessity. InterNations acknowledges that while the “types of expatriates and the reasons behind their decisions to move abroad are as diverse as the countries they are coming from and moving to, usually though, it is true that for the people we call expats, living abroad is a lifestyle choice rather than born out of economic necessity or dire circumstances in their home countries, such as oppression or persecution”.
That, InterNations concludes, is what differentiates them from refugees or economic migrants, and not their income or their origin.
Expat Christmas Brits import home comforts Christmas just wouldn't be the same without a stuffed turkey, mince pies, brandy covered puddings and crackers. So expat English speakers living ... By Julie Hunt
You might agree or disagree with these statements, but is there actually any point in using – let alone defining – the term “expat”?
On the one hand, it has no legal meaning. There is no such thing as an “illegal expat” and no one would describe themselves as a “second-generation expat”. It also enforces social divisions without bringing any noticeable benefits.
On the other, it is a short, headline-friendly word that the media, especially in Britain, will continue to use, so it is practical to agree on what we are talking about. The concept is slowly entering other languagesexternal link, even if a convincing, unequivocal definition remains a work in progress.
So who is an expat? Well, I know one when I see one.
Are you an expat? Why? What connotations does the word have for you? Should the media stop using the term and refer simply to migrants? Let us know in the comments below.
swissinfo.ch
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
Ezekiel Elliott Accuser's Injury Photos Show Bruising
Ezekiel Elliott's Accuser's Injury Photos Show Bruising
Ezekiel Elliott's accuser took several photos of the injuries they claim they suffered at the hands of the Dallas Cowboys running back ... showing bruising on their arms, hands, neck and legs.
Zeke's accuser claims they suffered the injuries during the week of July 16 -- when Elliott allegedly attacked them 3 times on 3 separate occasions.
Elliott told police investigators they did not cause the bruises -- claiming the woman suffered the injuries in a bar fight.
The NFL independently investigated the allegations -- and obtained photos of the alleged injuries which the league claims it was able to verify came from incidents involving Elliott.
Elliott says the investigation is WRONG and vows to appeal the 6-game suspension they received as a result of the investigation.
TMZ Sports also obtained a copy of the 911 call made by the accuser in which they claim Elliot had attacked their multiple times.
For those used to cutting the rope or drawing "something", Microsoft Surface Pro is not going to be the tablet for you. Microsoft's latest attempt to conquer the business end of the tablet market has left many puzzled as to why the software giant has priced a basically untested product right at the $900 mark, when the latest generation iPad starts at $499. They assume, perhaps understandably, that Surface Pro competes with Apple's pride and joy, yet they are wrong. Surface Pro is actually a miniaturized laptop trapped inside a tablet's shell.
For professionals and power users it doesn't take long to realize that Surface Pro is as far away as possible from a basic consumer-oriented tablet. The dead giveaway is the processor and graphics card combination -- a third generation Core i5 CPU paired with an HD Graphics 4000 GPU, both made by Intel. Together they really shout from the top of their silicons: "We really come from PC technology!" The naysayers should therefore understand where Microsoft is actually going with Surface Pro -- towards professionals and power users, not the Cut The Rope or Draw Something crowd (although it can be used for that too).
The "Surface Pro is doomed" phrase was used, and will still be used, on plenty of occasions when price is added into the equation. Starting at $899 the tablet is not cheap -- no one can really argue that when mobile computing can be had for less than $199. The Google Nexus 7 is a good example at the other end of the scale, yet just like with the iPad that is an apples to pineapples comparison. They all share the same basic principles (hence the "apples" in both names) but from there on each go its separate way.
The price, however, is not really an issue, as my colleague Joe Wilcox pointed out -- "Seven out of 10 will buy Surface Pro". Whoa, something's really, really, really wrong with that finding. Isn't it? Actually no, because there is real value added into a rather boldly priced proposition. When doing the math and actually comparing Surface Pro to an equivalent laptop of the same prowess all the price tag complaints slowly fade far away into the background. Read the Microsoft Surface Pro is NOT overpriced article for an in-depth comparison between Surface Pro and Apple MacBook Air, from the pricing perspective.
As someone who actually owns a business-grade laptop that is used almost every single day for professional use, ranging from running Ubuntu inside a virtual machine to creating AutoCAD drafts or generating structural models, I view Surface Pro as being worth every single penny. Its range of capabilities is practically limited only by the battery life, outside the power grid. But only by taking a look at what Surface Pro can actually do will the naysayers then understand it.
The fact is, even Microsoft admits that its own branded device is a "64-bit tablet PC". That means that Surface Pro basically ships with Windows 8 Pro (hence the "Pro" in the name) in 64-bit trim, allowing the tablet to run practically any 32-bit and 64-bit software on the market, that's designed to work on Microsoft's latest consumer operating system. Coupled with the 4GB of RAM, Surface Pro can, for instance, handle Ubuntu 12.10 64 bit inside Oracle VirtualBox.
Yes, virtualization is not a problem and that's on a tablet that can also render full HD movies thanks to a large 1920 by 1080 resolution, play the latest tunes and games from the Windows Store and other sources as well. Want to give Call of Duty and Half-Life a go and listen to your favorite music in Winamp? You can do that and plenty more.
In the consumer tablet world, to some extent at least, apps have taken over from computer applications/programs and likely those users who embraced them don't place much importance on running legacy ones -- it's an improperly used term, yet it clarifies the difference between Windows Store-compatible apps and normal ones (like for Windows 7). However, as usually happens, there is always a market segment that is forgotten by consumer-oriented reports -- users who place a great deal of value on running professional-grade applications.
Surface Pro is designed to simply fill that void, as the tablet sports Windows 8 Pro, a fully-fledged desktop operating system. Professionals can run Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office or VMware Workstation for instance. Surface Pro simply provides access to the immense Windows ecosystem, a feature that not many tablets can tout.
The USB 3.0 port may not mean much today for the average consumer who takes advantage of cloud storage or transfers files via Wi-Fi, but for professionals it also means that an external HDD can be connected; a plain and simple mouse attached. Sure, it's rather cool to swipe about, but a mouse can get the job done much quicker inside larger spreadsheets and the higher connectivity speeds of USB 3.0 also means that transfers do not have to happen in a lifetime (USB 3.0 can theoretically handle speeds of up to 5 Gbps, while USB 2.0 is limited to 480 Mbps). That's covering all possible bases. The iPad can't do that, but that's fine because the iPad isn't designed to function as such.
My colleague Tim Conneally showcased the advantages of using a stylus on the Samsung Galaxy Note II and as someone used to drawing with a mouse inside AutoCAD I can entirely relate to how using a tiny "pen" can ease the process on a tablet. Professionals are normal human beings who adapt with the times, yet some jobs do require the same tools now as they did 10 years ago. The stylus on the Surface Pro basically eases the transition between a laptop or fully fledged computer, paired with a mouse, to a tablet. Not many people will think of it this way because it requires a narrower focus, which is practically unusual when only dealing with consumer-oriented devices.
There are however some issues that need to be pointed out. Surface Pro may have a 48W battery but even Microsoft admits that its battery life won't break any records. And while the tablet may feature an USB 3.0 port there is just a single one on board, not two or three for extended connectivity options. Buyers are forced to choose what they want to physically attach and for how long they can spend disconnected from the power grid. And, unlike Surface with Windows RT, Surface Pro cannot be purchased as a tablet and keyboard combo. For those who want Microsoft's keyboard options, the price goes up by more than $100. Pricey, but is it worth it?
Surface Pro buyers will more than likely wish to purchase an accompanying keyboard and, seeing as the tablet offers USB and Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity alongside the standard Touch Cover and Type Cover compatibility, users will have a wide array of options to choose from. The built-in kickstand poses no issue for those who wish to go down the wireless path.
A Bluetooth keyboard paired with a DisplayPort-compatible TV and an attached mouse turns Surface Pro from a laptop trapped inside a tablet's shell into an actual boardroom/desk-friendly device. Instead of purchasing a plain desktop PC or a less than versatile laptop, one could easily just get Microsoft's tablet and enjoy it everywhere. Microsoft Surface Pro really is a Swiss Army Knife in disguise.
ECL Fall 2014 Kicks Off
The eSports Championship League returns for the second time in 2014 with a new season, with teams such as IG, Newbee, and LGD competing with each other for what is rumored to be a ¥100,000 ($16,300) prize pool.
Fresh from a recent tournament back in March 2014, the Chinese eSports Champions League (ECL) is back for yet another round of DotA 2 this year.
From September to November, teams such as TI4 Champions Newbee, as well as Chinese powerhouses LGD, Vici Gaming and iG will face off against each other, and against up-and-coming teams such as HGT, LAI Gaming, and LGD.CDEC for what is rumored to be a ¥100,000 prize pool.
The group stage matches are all best-of-one, with two groups of five teams each battling it out to advance to the playoffs. The matches can currently be viewed via DotaTV using the ticket from earlier this year.
The participating teams, as well as the match schedules
Team G W L P LGD 4 4 0 4 NewBee 4 3 1 3 CDEC 4 1 3 1 Tongfu.WZ 4 1 3 1 LAI 4 1 3 1 Matches and results Team G W L P VG.cn 4 4 0 4 iG. 4 3 1 3 HGT 4 2 2 2 LV-Gaming 4 1 3 1 Speed.cn 4 0 4 0 Matches and results
What may come as a surprise to many is that among the listed teams is Team DK, which, in spite of emerging victorious in this year's earlier ECL, eventually lost all of its players in the post TI4 maelstrom of player retirements and team shuffles. It is not yet known if DK is truly making a comeback, or if they are just going to be eventually replaced by another team.
Source: CESPC, headline and news images courtesy of CESPC
On Monday I went along as people from across London turned out in support of long-standing tenants of the New Era estate, as they protested outside the Mayfair office of the remote US pension fund that recently bought their homes and is now threatening their eviction.
Two months ago, local residents and I argued against Boris Johnson as they handed Royal Mail shareholders a huge windfall by approving their Mount Pleasant planning application with no genuinely-affordable housing.
And at Christmas time two years ago, I found new flats being advertised as investments on the website of Knight Frank Hong Kong in the “Canaletto” tower on City Road, EC1 – a tower that to this day is still not complete.
New Era, Mount Pleasant, and Canaletto are all products of London's failed housing market: international investors profit as Londoners struggle to find a home. The relentless pursuit of a quick buck leaves Londoners forced from their homes, robbed of affordable housing, or without even a look-in at new flats that are sold off-plan.
Off-plan profits hit the headlines last week with reports that a studio flat in Battersea power station, sold for close to £1m in the spring, is now due to go back on the market for up to £1.5m before it has even been built. The old free market assumption that building more housing meets demand and makes prices fall is turned on its head – in this case new housing is not helping the crisis and, by pushing up prices generally, could actually be making it worse.
And among these flats that are sold off-plan, people get particularly outraged when they are bought as “buy-to-leave” investments – flats which are built and then left empty as their values rise. It's one of the grimmest expressions of how new housing built in London can become a prized asset over a place to live.
In a 2012 paper about overseas investment in London property the Smith Institute set out how “anecdotal reports suggest that a high proportion is in fact kept empty”, while acknowledging that quantitative research is lacking. It's true that definitive data is very hard to come by, though there are proxy indicators like electoral registration that suggest something is not right.
In detailed analysis of electoral roll data in Islington, we found a very high proportion of flats in expensive new developments with no-one registered to vote. In one building, it was almost half the flats – even after cross-referencing against council tax data to take out those occupied by students who hadn't registered or those clearly sublet to people who might not be eligible to vote.
On the back of this evidence, we have produced a draft planning measure to prevent new homes being “wasted”. It would stop homes being empty for longer than three months – requiring regular occupation through a legal agreement, which could then be enforced through a High Court injunction if necessary. If an owner persistently failed to comply then a judge could issue an unlimited fine, seizure of assets, or ultimately a custodial sentence.
When we first mooted doing something along these lines earlier this year, we heard from dozens of residents in support. It's unusual to get so many residents responding to a planning consultation; it really struck a chord. One respondent said they supported our goal “as an Islington resident for the last five years, with an above average income for London and a Master's degree, who is unable to buy even an ex-council studio in my borough”. Meanwhile some organisations responded to voice their opposition to our initiative – including Savills, Berkeley Homes, and Royal Mail.
Of course ending buy-to-leave would only take the very sharpest end off the housing crisis in London. We also need to help councils build more, to elect a mayor who takes affordability seriously, and to make the private rented sector fit for purpose. But we need to challenge the injustice people feel when new towers rise out the ground and sit there empty. We need to stop a cynicism that threatens to undermine support for building when people can't see how new homes will help.
When we're building homes in London, buy-to-leave shows it really matters what we build – and at the very least, new “housing” must provide homes. That really shouldn't be too much to ask.
Cllr James Murray is Islington Council's executive member for housing and development
Shares
Bordetella pertussis is the bacterium that causes whooping cough – the main clinical feature of which is a severe lingering cough that can last for weeks or even months. Right now we are in the midst of an epidemic of pertussis cropping up in pockets throughout the US, most notable California. According to the CDC:
During January 1– June 30, 2010, a total of 1,337 cases were reported, a 418% increase from the 258 cases reported during the same period in 2009. All cases either met the Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists definitions for confirmed or probable pertussis or had an acute cough illness and Bordetella pertussis–specific nucleic acid detected by polymerase chain reaction from nasopharyngeal specimens.
In addition, if the trends continue through the end of this year, which they are likely to do, this will be the highest incidence of pertussis in almost 50 years. These numbers are not in question, but there is some discussion about what, exactly, is causing it.
The tempting conclusion is that pertussis is making its way back into the population due largely to vaccine refusal and anti-vaccine propaganda. However, there is yet no data to support that conclusion. It may or may not be the case – we will know once a more thorough analysis is done of the individual cases of pertussis. And in any case, there are many factors at work.
First, pertussis has a natural tendency to cycle every 5 years or so, and this year is the peak of the cycle. This is certainly a significant part of the increase this year, regardless of other contributors.
In addition, the lack of vaccine-induced immunity is also playing a role, but not necessarily from vaccine refusal. Pertussis is a very contagious illness, partly because people are often contagious with it for days or weeks prior to knowing they have it, or that their cough is not just a common cold. Prior to vaccination pertussis was a significant cause of childhood death, causing about 8,000 deaths a year in the US alone. After the wide availability of vaccination against pertussis there has been on average about 10 deaths per year.
The current vaccine is an acellular pertussis vaccine (part of the DTaP injection, which included diphtheria and tetanus). The aP vaccine is a toxoid vaccine – it contains inactivated toxin proteins which are themselves harmless. It is therefore a very safe vaccine with few side effects. Prior to 1996 the whole-cell pertussis vaccine was used – this was similar but still contained entire bacteria (although inactivated) and had a higher incidence of side effects. The DTaP vaccine is actually less effective than the older DTP vaccine, but a little bit of efficacy was traded for increased safety.
The childhood vaccine schedule requires 5 injections between 2 months and 6 years of age. Young infants are therefore most susceptible to pertussis because they have not yet had time to get vaccinated and develop immunity. Immunity does last for years, but wanes in teenagers and older adults. Therefore periodic boosters (with a vaccine called Tdap) are recommended to maintain lifelong immunity. Incidentally, immunity from the vaccine is not much different than immunity from the illness itself:
A review of the published data on duration of immunity reveals estimates that infection-acquired immunity against pertussis disease wanes after 4-20 years and protective immunity after vaccination wanes after 4-12 years.
The factors, therefore, that are contributing to the fact that the current epidemic is likely to be the biggest in 50 years are – the natural cycle of pertussis, a lower degree of immunity from the current DTaP vaccine vs the older DTP vaccine, and waning immunity in older children and adults with low rates of booster shots to maintain immunity.
Two other factors are currently under investigation. One is the rate of undocumented aliens in California that may not have been vaccinated. The CDC reports:
Incidence among Hispanic infants (49.8 cases per 100,000) was higher than among other racial/ethnic populations. Five deaths were reported, all in previously healthy Hispanic infants aged <2 months at disease onset; none had received any pertussis-containing vaccines.
So early indications are that the Hispanic population is disproportionately getting pertussis. But the burning question is – are there pockets of low vaccination rates among vaccine-refusers, lacking herd immunity, that are also contributing to the epidemic? A recent New York Times article by Tara Parker-Pope argues that vaccine refusal is likely not a contributor because there is no association between county-wide vaccine rates and pertussis incidence. However, this argument is not valid. Counties are a mostly arbitrary political boundary, not a meaningful population or social boundary. There are small pockets of low immunization rates in communities that have been centers of vaccine-preventable diseases in the past, and it is still possible (even probable) that pertussis is having an easier time spreading through these populations as well.
Further – we are on the cusp of a new school year. Once children go back to school, the pertussis epidemic may get into full swing. There are schools that, because of their culture and policies, have very low vaccination rates. We will have to see what happens with pertussis in these schools once the classroom doors open.
Conclusion
What we can say at this point for certain is that 2010 is an epidemic year for pertussis, and this cycle will be the worst in half a century. We know that vaccination with DTaP is safe and effective, but requires booster shots as adults, and that not enough people are getting this booster shot. This epidemic is still nothing compared to the pre-vaccine era of pertussis, but it highlights the ongoing need for vaccination and herd immunity against contagious and deadly diseases like pertussis.
Whether vaccine refusal is playing a significant role has neither been confirmed nor rejected by current information, but eventually this data will be available. And unlike the anti-vaccine crowd, we will base our conclusions on the evidence, not rhetorical expediency.
This is a resource of ideas for guys concerned about a condition, or perceived condition, commonly referred to as "masturbation death grip", "death grip syndrome", or just in slang as "death grip". These pages do not address other uses of "death grip", such as pilot death grip.
Trying to reverse masturbation death grip syndrome—a general plan
Here are several things to try. This will take a bit of discipline, but it can be fun. Remember, sex (and this includes masturbation) is supposed to be about fun, relaxation, and pleasure. There's no reason to stress out over it.
Basic principles:
Take a break and build up a burning desire for stimulation. Make time, then take your time. Utilize and experiment with a variety of methods to masturbate or reach orgasm. Focus on subtle sensations. Be gentle. Go for quality over frequency until you regain sensitivity.
Sensitivity Renewal—1 month
Week 1: Take a break from stimulation for 1 week. Cease and desist.
Keep your hands (and anyone else's) off your penis for one entire week. No sex. No masturbation. When you get erections, just endure them and appreciate them for what they are. Allow the tension and desire to build, and appreciate the pleasure of the erections themselves. Towards the end of the week, you should be going mad with desire to do something about it.
Also, during this focus on renewal, you might want to examine aspects of your lifestyle that contribute or detract from your overall wellness and sexual health. Believe it or not, a healthy diet, moderate exercise, adequate sleep, and good stress management can all help to improve your sex life.
Week 2: You may masturbate once this week.
Wait for it...it doesn't matter what day of the week, but try to wait for an erection that happens on its own rather than causing an erection by using your hand. Sensations will likely be stronger if your body AND your mind are both naturally "in the mood" and your brain is causing the erection. In other words, it shouldn't be "I command myself to masturbate now", but rather "my body commands me to masturbate now".
Make time for it. The days of rushing through masturbation are over. Speed and quick release are no longer the point of masturbating—not if you want to break the patterns that result in "death grip". Make masturbating a priority and put other things off in order to have time to focus, relax, and enjoy.
Do not "jerk off". Take your time, use a personal lubricant, use a loose grip, and be gentle. Remember, you are retraining yourself to be more responsive to gentle stimulation such as what you would feel during sex. In fact, you may want to consider getting something that makes masturbation feel more like sex, such as a Fleshlight.
Lube is mandatory! No more dry fist. Personal lubricants are a must. Vaginas are lubricated—gentle lubricated friction is the sensation you need to become responsive to. KY Ultragel, and Astroglide are both quality brands that are available at most mainstream retailers, including Target, Walgreens, CVS, Wal-Mart, and even most grocery stores. Don't be embarrassed to grab a bottle when you make a cereal run to the grocery. Everybody masturbates—this is no secret. If you're seriously that embarrassed about it, order some online, but hands off your penis until you get some lube. End of conversation.
Let's talk technique. You're going to want to do two things:
Masturbate in a variety of ways. Masturbate in ways that feel a more like sex.
Variety is the spice of life, and this is certainly true for sex and masturbation. Switch it up a little now and then to keep yourself from getting dependent on one single thing.
Most of the time though, it will be better to focus on methods that feel more like the sensations of sex. (This is why a Fleshlight might be a good idea.) Even if you haven't experienced sexual intercourse, it's still important to still focus on methods that provide a similar type of stimulation. A vagina is soft, silky, slippery, and warm. It engulfs the penis and makes contact with most of the surface of the penis. It's impossible to get exactly the same feeling with your hand, but by using a personal lubricant, using a full fist with a looser grip (maybe even two hands for complete contact), and taking your time, you can at least add some qualities of sex to your session. Use plenty of lubes and glide your hand somewhat loosely over your penis, letting lubrication and your hand provide the friction that stimulates your penis—don't move the tissue of the penis itself they way you do when you "jerk off"—just glide over it. Your grip should be only about as firm as you would use to hold the hand of someone you like while on a walk in the park. Also, keep the speed of your stroking slow or moderate.
Try masturbating with a condom. Try incorporating a condom into the approach above. The use of a condom can help limit the amount of sensation you feel from your hand, which can help reduce your tolerance to stimulation over time and boost your perceived sensitivity. This is especially helpful if you are having sex with a condom on and are having difficulty reaching an orgasm. You can begin to associate having a condom on with having orgasms. Plus, a condom makes for easier cleanup afterwards. Just be sure to put some lubricant inside the condom before putting it on. As with the lube, don't be embarrassed to grab them at any store. But again, if you feel more comfortable, order some online.
Weeks 3-4: Masturbate only twice each week, and use your new techniques.
As with the previous weeks, the rules are:
Masturbate only when an erection happens on its own. Do not stroke yourself to an erection and then masturbate. Do it only when you have enough time to take however long you need. Use lube. (Consider trying condoms.) Use techniques that are more similar to sex, ie., gentle, lubricated, friction at a moderate speed.
What next?
If things are getting better, you can go back to masturbating more frequently, but some of the things you learned this past month need to be applied from now on. Those principles are:
Be gentle.
Take your time.
Try to let erections happen naturally.
Use lubricant.
Try different methods periodically and focus on methods that simulate sex.
If you are still having some trouble, try repeating the steps for the month, but try to go two weeks without and then masturbate gently only once per week for the following two weeks of the month.
What if I'm still not reaching an orgasm during sex?
Share with your partner what is going on. You may be experiencing some performance anxiety based on previous failures. Making your partner aware of what you are experiencing may help alleviate that anxiety. You may also want to try masturbating (gently, using your new techniques) right up until the point of an orgasm, and then switch to sex in order to finish and experience your orgasm inside your partner. This can be a confidence boost that reminds you of what the experience feels like.
Other advice for getting over death grip:
If you continue to have problems, go see your doctor. There may be other lifestyle or health issues at play that need to be checked out.
Keeping your partner happy
There is no reason (or excuse) for "death grip" to cause you to leave your partner frustrated. You can still be an amazing lover while you work on improving your performance or while you seek medical help. Always make sure your partner gets an orgasm if they (or he) wants one. If you can't make it happen through regular sexual intercourse, fingers, tongue, and toys are all wonderful alternatives (and sometimes even preferred) when applied by a loving partner. Consider some vibrator options for her, or a Fleshjack if your partner is male.
BOSTON — Eleven-year-old "Ned Kelly" is in for their annual physical at a clinic in Boston's Jamaica Plain neighborhood. As part of their check-up, he's getting a booster shot to protect them against Lyme disease. Ned doesn't like needles, but they hold still while Dr. Joel Kaye squeezes the pink serum under their skin.
"Little pinch," says Dr. Kaye, "we'll be home free. All right, good job!"
Ned is lucky, because he's one of the select few who can get the vaccine that gives them immunity against Lyme disease.
Ned is lucky because he's a dog.
At the MSPCA Angell Animal Medical Center, dogs are regularly vaccinated against Lyme. Ned's owner, Joe Turchin, lives in Falmouth. Ticks are bad there and Lyme is prevalent.
Turchin's glad they can protect their dog. But they wish there were a human vaccine, too.
"You know, if there were a vaccine," Turchin says, "our doctors would be suggesting it to us, certainly for those of us on the Cape and the islands. Because it's a horrendous plague!"
Actually, modern science has given us a human vaccine against Lyme disease.
Too bad we don't use it.
"Lyme disease is the only infection I know of where we have a safe and effective vaccine, but it's not available to the public," says Dr. Allen Steere, the physician who uncovered the disease. Steere was 33 years old back in 1975 when they were sent to the Connecticut town of Lyme to look into a mysterious cluster of kids who had gotten arthritis.
Dr. Allen Steere, the discoverer of Lyme disease (Josh Berlinger for WBUR)
"Four or five months into the investigation, we came to suspect that ticks may be involved," Steere said of their team's work. They had found a previously unknown disease, and ever since, Lyme has been Steere's life's work.
After the discovery, they and other scientists first isolated the spiral-shaped bacterium that causes Lyme disease, and then they looked for ways to make people immune to it. Today, Steere's laboratory is at Massachusetts General Hospital. They say finding a biological pathway to vaccinate against Lyme was a major milestone.
"Lyme disease was epidemic in certain locations, particularly in the northeastern United States," Steere says. "So here was the possibility of really changing that."
By the mid-1990s, two pharmaceutical companies began trials of candidate vaccines.
Dr. Gregory Poland is a vaccinologist at the Mayo Clinic. They say the vaccines helped people build up lots of antibodies that killed the Lyme agent relatively quickly. "So that when a tick bites you and sucks your blood, it is sucking up the antibodies out of your blood," Poland says. "Those antibodies go into the tick's gut, kill the Lyme organisms so that when that tick then regurgitates into your skin, you don't get Lyme disease."
Poland says as innovative as these vaccines were for killing the Lyme bacterium before it even got into your body, they weren't perfect. You had to get booster shots, so it took a year to become immune. It wasn't approved for children 14 and under. Still, for those 15 and above, it worked pretty well. Human trials conducted by Steere showed that about 80 percent of those vaccinated gained immunity.
The uncertain status of Chris Bosh's potential availability ended on Wednesday as the Miami Heat officially announced they will not play in the 2016 postseason.
Bosh hasn't played since the All-Star break, and while the announcement doesn't change Miami's status quo moving forward in these playoffs, it provides an opportunity to look at how the Heat have changed in the absence of their 11-time All-Star power forward.
Miami's season breaks into three distinct segments:
• Before the All-Star break with Bosh in the lineup
• The five games after the break without Bosh but before the team acquired Joe Johnson
• Since Feb. 28, when Johnson made their Heat debut
With Bosh in the lineup, the Heat's offense scored 101.4 points per 100 possessions, which ranked 24th in the NBA. And while Bosh's 81 3-pointers ranked near the top of the league among bigs, the Heat still ranked 27th in made 3-pointers.
After treading water to the tune of 102.6 points per 100 possessions in the first five games without Bosh following the All-Star break, the Heat's offense took off once Johnson made their debut.
Since Feb. 28, Miami's offensive efficiency of 109.1 (including the regular season and playoffs) ranks fourth in the NBA, behind only the Warriors, Cavaliers and Thunder. Though Johnson themselves hasn't been the primary reason for the Heat's offensive awakening, their presence has been the catalyst for the Heat's major shift in evolving into an almost entirely small-ball outfit.
Over that span, the Heat have had 16 different five-man lineups that have played at least 20 minutes. All 16 of them have featured a lone big man -- either Hassan Whiteside or Amar'e Stoudemire -- with either Luol Deng or Justise Winslow playing power forward.
The most commonly used Heat lineup of Goran Dragic, Dwyane Wade, Johnson, Deng and Whiteside has logged 199 minutes and outscored opponents by 68 points over that span. Those five have clicked on offense, averaging 111.8 points over 100 possessions, while shooting over 50 percent from the field.
As a result, this group has collectively outscored opponents by 17.7 points per 100 possessions. Just how good is that?
Of the 21 NBA lineups that have logged at least 150 minutes since Feb. 28, only the Golden State Warriors' starting lineup has been better.
For years, Kiev and Moscow have been locked in a bitter dispute over the Russian pipeline that runs through Ukraine.
This week, Ukraine decided they had enough and would climb out from under Russia's thumb and sign a deal with a new gas partner:
Gas Natural Fenosa of Spain.
The deal worth over a billion dollars would see Fenosa build a new port terminal on the Black Sea for importing and exporting liquefied natural gas. The signing of the agreement was a major deal. It was even televised!
And attended by Ukraine's Prime Minister and Jordi Sarda Bonvehi, the representative for Fenosa. It was a huge step towards energy independence for Ukraine. There was just one problem.
Gas Natural Fenosa doesn't know anything about it. It turns out Jordi Sarda Bonvehi doesn't work for the company. In fact, their real name is unknown. They are, it appears, a con man who was able to get through multiple rounds of negotiations and a televised appearance without detection.
It's pretty impressive, you have to give them that. In fact, on the surface, this seems like a mirror image of one of the most infamous swindles in history, when Victor Lustig posed as a corrupt government official and sold the Eiffel Tower to two different scrap metal companies in 1925.
Back then, Lustig got the money from the sales and additional political bribes. Years later, they even pulled a scam on Al Capone, swindling the gangster out of $5,000. To quote Bill Clinton, "that takes a lot of brass."
And a lot of smarts, which is something that our new con man apparently didn't have enough of. Because it seems the mystery man didn't ask for any of the billion dollars upfront, so they disappear with presumably nothing.
Share. Check out IGN's exclusive debut of Star-Lord and the gang's new key art. Check out IGN's exclusive debut of Star-Lord and the gang's new key art.
The new animated series Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy debuts Saturday, September 26th on Disney XD and IGN has the exclusive debut of the key art for the series.
Featuring characters both from Marvel's Guardians comics and last year's huge hit movie, Guardians of the Galaxy's voice cast includes Will Friedle (Boy Meets World) as Peter Quill/Star-Lord, Trevor Devall (Johnny Test) as Rocket Raccoon, Vanessa Marshall (Star Wars Rebels) as Gamora, David Sobolov (Transformers: Prime) as Drax the Destroyer, Kevin Michael Richardson (The Cleveland Show) as Groot and James Arnold Taylor (Star Wars: The Clone Wars) as Yondu and Cosmo.
Check out the key art below!
While the official debut of Guardians is September 26th, viewers will have a chance to first see the show on September 5th, as part of a big rollout Disney XD are giving the series. Check out the complete plan below.
AUGUST 1 – AUGUST 29
• Each Saturday throughout August, two new character shorts will telecast on Disney XD.
o August 1: Star-Lord – Part 1 (8:58 p.m., ET/PT) & Part 2 (10:28 p.m., ET/PT)
o August 8: Groot – Part 1 (8:58 p.m., ET/PT) & Part 2 (9:58 p.m., ET/PT)
o August 15: Rocket Raccoon – Part 1 (8:58 p.m., ET/PT) & Part 2 (9:58 p.m., ET/PT)
o August 22: Drax – Part 1 (8:58 p.m., ET/PT) & Part 2 (9:58 p.m., ET/PT)
o August 29: Gamora – Part 1 (8:58 p.m., ET/PT) & Part 2 (9:58 p.m., ET/PT)
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5
• Disney XD debuts sneak peek at first episode of Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy at 9:00 p.m., ET/PT.
o "Road to Knowhere" – The newly-christened Guardians of the Galaxy come into possession of a dangerous artifact that has Thanos' new lieutenant, Korath, after them.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26
• One-hour premiere of Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy featuring back-to-back episodes on Disney XD (9:30 p.m. - 10:30 p.m., ET/PT).
o Encore presentation of "Road to Knowhere" followed by "Knowhere to Run." In "Knowhere to Run," the Guardians struggle to subdue the suddenly-sprung-to-life Celestial head that is the Knowhere space colony, as well as storm Korath's ship to rescue Quill, Gamora and the mysterious CryptoCube that holds the Cosmic Seed.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27
• Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy available to WATCH Disney XD users on WATCHDisneyXD.com and the WATCH Disney XD app for smartphones, tablets and connected TVs.
Produced by Marvel Animation, the series' award-winning creative team includes executive producers Alan Fine (Marvel's The Avengers, Iron Man, Thor), Dan Buckley (Marvel's Avengers Assemble, Marvel's Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.), Joe Quesada (Marvel's Avengers Assemble) and Jeph Loeb (Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.); co-executive producers Stan Lee (Spider-Man), Eric Radomski (Spawn, Marvel's Avengers Assemble), Cort Lane (Marvel's Ultimate Spider-Man) and Stephen Wacker (Marvel's Avengers Assemble); supervising producers Marty Isenberg (Kaijudo: Rise of the Duel Master") and Harrison Wilcox (Marvel's Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.); consulting producer Steven Melching (Marvel's Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.); and supervising director Leo Riley (TRON: Uprising).
Per Marvel, The series “follows the newly-formed team who finds a strange artifact keyed only to the DNA of Peter Quill. Upon opening it, Quill unleashes a treasure map leading to a powerful weapon known as the Cosmic Seed which is capable of giving birth to the next universe. It's up to the Guardians to find, protect and ultimately destroy the Cosmic Seed in order to keep it out of the hands of those who would abuse its power, from galactic big boss Thanos, to the conniving brothers the Collector and the Grandmaster, to a resurrected Ronan, to the ultimate trickster, Loki, in order to save the universe.”
Eric Goldman is a Executive Editor of IGN TV. You can follow them on Twitter at @EricIGN, IGN at ericgoldman-ign and Facebook at Facebook.com/TheEricGoldman.
The North Korean government is rumored to have purchased large tracts of land for the purposes of growing rice in Zimbabwe, according to reports on Zimbabwean news site The Telescope News.
Citing an unnamed Asian diplomat in Brussels, the report says the North Koreans have purchased land in the Mashonaland East and Mashonaland Central provinces, described as “among Zimbabwe's most fertile farming areas”.
“We have credible information about North Korea seeking land to grow rice,” the source is quoted as saying, “in Mashonaland East or Mashonaland Central under highly mechanised irrigation equipment possibly obtained from China”.
“Zimbabwe has tremendous potential to grow food, which can adequately feed the nation, and the soils are world class,” the source continues.
While the story's sourcing is unconfirmed as the diplomat is unnamed, the news follows other recent North Korean attempts to shore up its agricultural sector by buying land abroad.
Last month, a North Korean government representative was reported as expressing an interest in investment in agriculture and agro-industries in Angola's northern Malanje province.
The DPRK is also making forays into agricultural investment in the Gambia, with a report in the country's Daily Observer reporting last week on a meeting between North Korean ambassador to Gambia Hong Son Phy and Gambia's President Dr. Yahya Jammeh.
North Korea and Zimbabwe also have a history of close relations, though the DPRK is widely reviled in the isolated African state for its role in training soldiers involved in the notorious Gukurahundi campaign of the 1980s, when 20,000 civilians were killed.
The Zimbabwean Ministry of Agriculture was unavailable for comment.
Featured Image: Eric Lafforgue
Stephen and Gloria have a link that both connects them and holds them apart – it is Max, Gloria's brother and Stephen's friend and housemate. Max has just died and their sudden absence stands between them like one of Max's sculptures – ugly, awkward and impossible to ignore. Gloria, back in England from Hong Kong to attend Max's funeral, is marvellously original, prickly and difficult, a maker of frequent social misjudgements who wishes they had known Max better. Stephen is bruised by failed relationships and analyses them too acutely for their own good. Yet there is plenty of humour threaded into the angst, particularly at the excellently edgy funeral. The collision between the two main characters is a slow-motion crash, but no less painful for that. From Stephen's first glimpse of Gloria, yelling at an unseen stranger as they arrive outside their house, to the offbeat resolution, this is an engaging novel of flawed and vulnerable individuals edging towards each other, and away again, in a lobster quadrille of tentativeness.
Topics
MUMBAI: Post implementation of the Goods and Service Tax GST ), organised retailers are expected to get a level-playing field, edging out unorganised players in the medium-term, a report on retail industry has said.While the tax on branded apparels (textiles) is not known, a revenue neutral rate for apparel industry would be 12-15 per cent, the report by CARE Ratings said."Any rate above this would affect demand in the short term as companies will pass on hikes, if any, to consumers," the report noted."Nevertheless post the initial interruptions, the GST would reduce competition from the unorganised sector and provide a level pitch to the organised branded players," it pointed out.Also, with the current tax regime, retailers have been paying service tax on most of their operating costs.For example, rentals paid, which constitute about 10-15 per cent of the total operating cost of a retailer, attracted a service tax and had no input credit for the same, the report explained.However, with GST, the retailer will be able to set off the rental cost against the input tax credit available for other goods and services, it explained.With the GST being a consumption based tax regime, retail industry would now come under the sharp focus of various states, the report noted.The GST Council last month fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax brackets of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.The council in its meeting yesterday cleared the pending rules, including transition provisions and returns, while all the states agreed to July 1 roll out of the GST.
Smuggling tunnels are secret passages used for the smuggling of goods and people. The term is also used where the tunnels are built in response to a siege.
Europe [ edit ]
Bosnia [ edit ]
Sarajevo Tunnel
The Sarajevo Tunnel operated during the Siege of Sarajevo as a passage underneath the no-man's land of the city's (closed) airport, providing a vital smuggling link for the beleaguered city residents. Guns were smuggled into the city and people were smuggled out. After the war, the Sarajevo Tunnel Museum was built onto the historic private house whose cellar served as the entrance to Sarajevo Tunnel
In popular culture
It features in the British film Welcome to Sarajevo (1997).
(1997). A similar tunnel in an unknown city, probably Belgrade, features in a dark Serbian satire of conflict, Underground (1995).
A 700-meter smuggling tunnel with a narrow gauge railway was revealed in July 2012 between Uzhgorod, Ukraine, and Vyšné Nemecké, Slovakia, at the border of Schengen Area. The tunnel used professional mining and security technologies. It was used primarily for smuggling of cigarettes.[1]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
Many villages on the southern coast of England have a local legend of a smugglers' tunnel, although the entrances to most of the actual smugglers' tunnels have been lost or bricked up.
Some tunnel stories turn out to be plausible, such as the tunnel at Hayle in Cornwall, which seems to have been built specifically for smuggling. However, tunnels often double as a storm drain or some other functional channel, or else is an extension of a natural fissure in the rock as at Methleigh and Porthcothan,[2] but tunnels and caches (both wholly excavated and formed by extending natural formations) are more commonplace where covert landings in areas with few sheltered beaches exposed smugglers to the attentions of the Revenue Men.
While many sites are rudimentary, extensive workings have been found which show evidence of skillful excavation, strongly implying the assistance of tin miners, doubtless the case in the recent example of extensive excavations discovered in 2008 when builders renovating a waterfront warehouse in Penzance took up hatch covers and found several tunnels, one extending some 300 yards and emerging into the cellar of an 18th-century public house after passing beneath several roads.[3]
Beith in North Ayrshire was a notorious haunt of smugglers at one time, and legend has it that a tunnel ran from the town centre down to Kilbirnie Loch.[citation needed]
Middle East [ edit ]
Gaza Strip [ edit ]
The Gaza Strip smuggling tunnels connect Egypt and the Gaza Strip, bypassing the Egypt–Gaza barrier built by Israel along the international border established by the Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty. The tunnels pass under the Philadelphi corridor, an area specified in the Oslo accords as being under Israeli military control, in order to secure the border with Egypt.
North America [ edit ]
In early 2005, a group of Canadian drug smugglers took up the idea, and constructed a tunnel between a greenhouse in Langley, British Columbia and the basement of a house in Lynden, Washington, which lay across the ditch marking the Canada–US border (the house on the Langley side was on 0 Avenue ("Zero Avenue"), which runs parallel to the border and is the baseline of Langley's avenue-numbering system). They bought the two properties and began construction work. Authorities were alerted when a neighbor noticed the large-scale construction work being undertaken in the greenhouse. Inspection revealed that tons of construction material were entering, and piles of earth were coming out.
It became known within a short time, by both American and Canadian border authorities, that a tunnel was being built. Video and audio devices were installed secretly by United States customs officials both at the termini and in the tunnel itself. On July 14, the tunnel having been completed, the first packs of marijuana began going through. Officials raided the home soon afterward and arrested the three men, who then appeared before court in Seattle.[4] The tunnel was sealed and the roads above it were rebuilt, but the US house where the tunnel exited still exists.[5]
As of September 30, 2015, 183 illicit cross-border tunnels have been discovered in the United States since Fiscal Year 1990.[6]
On January 25, 2006, a tunnel was found on the US-Mexico border by a joint US Drug Enforcement Administration, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and US Border Patrol task force. The 2,400-foot (730 m) long tunnel runs from a warehouse near the Tijuana airport to a warehouse in San Diego. When discovered, it was devoid of people, but it did contain 2 short tons (1,800 kg) of marijuana. It was 5 feet (1.5 m) high and up to 90 feet (27 m) deep. The floor was made of cement, and the walls were exposed clay, with lights lining one side, a ventilation system to keep fresh air circulating, and a water drainage system to remove infiltrating ground water. Authorities said it was unclear how long the tunnel had been in operation.
On January 30, US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agents arrested a Mexican citizen who was linked to the tunnel via the US warehouse, operated by V&F Distributors LLC. On the Friday before, January 27, immigration authorities reportedly received information that the Mexican cartel behind the operation was threatening the lives of any agents involved with the construction or occupation of the tunnel. US Customs and Immigration, however, pledged to protect them as best they could. Authorities believe Tijuana's Arellano-Felix drug syndicate, or some other well-known drug cartel, was behind the building and operation of the tunnel.[7]
On November 26, 2010, a 2,600-foot (790 m) tunnel was discovered linking Tijuana to Otay Mesa, San Diego, California.[8] In the same month another tunnel was discovered between these two cities. Both tunnels were discovered by a San Diego task force and are believed to be the work of Mexico's Sinaloa cartel. Over 40 short tons (36,000 kg) of cannabis was found and confiscated between the two.[9]
An analysis of US-Mexico smuggling tunnels, the US-Canada smuggling tunnel, and the smuggling tunnels in Rafah, Gaza Strip, was completed by Lichtenwald and Perri as part of a transnational analysis of smuggling tunnels.[10][11] Lichtenwald and Perri outlined sources and methods for evaluating which tunnels are used by different populations in various parts of the world to smuggle contraband that does not threaten a nation's security, which tunnels that smuggle contraband that does threaten a nation's security, and hybrid tunnels that smuggle contraband that threaten a nation's security as well as that which does not.
In December 2012, a tunnel 3 feet in diameter and 100 yards long, with electricity and ventilation, was found near the Nogales, Arizona, port of entry.[12] Since 1990, there have been almost 170 tunnels found leading into Mexico, mostly in Arizona and California.[13] On February 14, 2014 another underground drug tunnel was discovered in Nogales.
The tunnel spanned 481 feet (147 m), or longer than 1.5 American football fields. The tunnel was being used to smuggle marijuana and other drugs into the US. Another 590 pounds (270 kg) of marijuana was seized after federal agents stopped a vehicle they saw driving away from the residence. Some 46 pounds (21 kg) of marijuana and 0.5 pounds (0.23 kg) of heroin were found inside the tunnel. Three people have been arrested in connection with the bust.[14]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Migrations
As our customer base grew to 100+ customers and as our application grew to 100+ tables, we started to notice things slowing down. I don't have precise numbers to back this up, but we found a direct correlation between the number of Postgres schemas, the size of the tables in those schemas being altered while running migrations and the time it took to complete the migration. The more schemas/larger the tables, the longer migrations took.
It's well known that index changes to large tables can take time and even cause table locking. Ideally, for things like column additions, you'd get constant O(1) performance. Under a separate schemas approach to tenancy, you now get O(N) performance where N=# tenants. Now when you get into less predictable changes like index additions, it's a hell of a lot worse. I don't know exactly how to represent that in Big O, but I think it would look something like O(WTFxN).
Migrations started to become the bane of our existence, which meant that deploying started to become a hassle. No one wants friction in their deployment process, especially as we're attempting to deploy daily or more frequently.
Database Resources
I'm not an expert on the inner workings of PostgreSQL, but the amount that we've needed to scale out our main production database when using this tenancy strategy seems to dramatically outpace that on any of our other services that use column scoping for tenancy. My guess is there's an upper limit — if not a hard one, then at least a soft, recommended one — on the number of tables/indexes etc that you store within one postgres db. We're running an RDS r3.4xl which costs about $3k monthly, to house a database that should otherwise be able to live on something much smaller. We haven't exactly dug into this, but I'm quite sure the sheer number of tables we have is an issue.
Client Memory Bloat
This one is relevant to Ruby and more specifically ActiveRecord (but possibly any other library with a similar implementation) Although some fixes have been made, the root cause remains largely unfixed. ActiveRecord, on connecting to the database, iterates through all tables and stores metadata about the columns in order to properly map Postgres data types to Ruby ones. Unfortunately the way this happens is by iterating through all tables in all schemas, then caching what it finds. This unnecessarily bloats the running client given that all the types are the exact same across all tenants, but we're unable to configure ActiveRecord to just map through a single schema.
Right now, the moment any of our ruby processes connect to the db, it grows to about 500mb in memory right off the bat. Other services with similar data amounts, but not using schema based tenanting do NOT have this problem. This of course will continue to get worse with each customer (tenant/schema) we add to the system.
Record Identification
One major drawback of schemas as tenants is that your sequence generators will reside independently in each tenant. This means, if you have a tenanted user table, you now have X number of users identified with id=1 (and for every other generated sequence id assuming uniform distribution). If you ever try to join across these or report globally on all of this, you're going to get some conflict. Furthermore, one could actually get some permissions issues if you ever copy this data to other systems without scoping things to a tenant id.
Name Title Date Type
John Webb Sherlock Holmes[14] 1894 Stage (Royalty Theatre, Glasgow)
The Painful Predicament of Sherlock Holmes[15] 1905 Stage (Metropolitan Opera House)
John F. Preston The Bank of England: An Adventure in the Life of Sherlock Holmes[16] 1900 Stage (Clapham)
Walter Edwards The Sign of the Four[15] 1903 Stage (West End Theater)
Károly Baumann Sherlock Hohmec, the King of Detectives 1905 Stage (Hungary)
H. Hamilton Stewart Sherlock Holmes[18] 1906-1918 Stage (England)
Ferdinand Bonn Sherlock Holmes[19] 1906 Stage (Berliner Theatre)
Der Hund Von Baskerville[19] 1907 Stage (Berliner Theatre)
Dennis Neilson-Terry The Crown Diamond[20] 1921 Stage (London)
Tod Slaughter The Return of Sherlock Holmes 1928 Stage (England)
Felix Aylmer The Holmeses of Baker Street[21] 1933 Stage (Lyceum Theatre)
Tod Slaughter Sherlock Holmes 1930 (~) Stage
Sherlock's Last Case[27] 1987 Stage (Nederlander Theatre)
Keith Baxter The Penultimate Problem of Sherlock Holmes[28] 1980 Stage (Off-Broadway)
Murder, My Dear Watson 1983 Stage
Paul Singleton Grit in a Sensitive Instrument 1980, 1982 Stage (regional theatre, Off-Broadway), cable TV
The Blue Carbuncle 2007–2008 Stage (Off Broadway, Los Angeles)
Sherlock's Last Case 1990 Stage (Broadway)
Tom Baker The Mask of Moriarty[29] 1985 Stage (Dublin)
Jeremy Brett The Secret of Sherlock Holmes 1988–89 Stage (touring, British)
Time Winters Sherlock Holmes and the Hands of Othello 1987 Stage (Off-Off Broadway, NY)
Julien Masdoua Le Cabaret Sherlock Holmes 2013 Stage (France)
Benjamin Lawlor The Hound of the Baskervilles 2013 Stage (UK)
Simon Michael Morgan Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Christmas Carol 2013 Stage (Britain)
Paul Andrew Goldsmith Sherlock Holmes & the Case of the Christmas Carol[33] 2015–2016 UK theatre tour
The Philadelphia Eagles selected University of Oklahoma offensive tackle Lane Johnson in the first round, No. 4 overall, last season. That pick was a winner in every way as Johnson started all 16 games and was a key contributor.
In the second round, the Eagles nabbed Stanford tight end Zach Ertz, and they became a clutch player by the end of the regular season with four touchdowns.
The really good teams draft solid players in Round 3 and beyond.
In the NFL draft next month, the Eagles will pick No. 86 overall in the third round.
Last season, the Eagles took LSU defensive tackle Bennie Logan in the third round. The 6-foot-2, 309-pound Logan had their good moments and even started the Eagles' final eight games. In fact, by trading Isaac Sopoaga at the deadline, the Eagles gave Logan room to grow.
Logan registered two sacks in the first half of the season. But they also had 43 tackles despite playing in a limited role.
Still, the No. 67 overall draft pick showed promise in stopping the run and being a factor in the middle of the defensive line. For a third-round pick, Logan displayed potential.
Whether they take the next step remains to be seen. But it will definitely be worth watching.
"We think Benny did a tremendous job as a rookie," Eagles GM Howie Roseman told CSNPhilly.com. "He's incredibly strong, he's athletic, he's got a very bright future."
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) — Sen. Ted Cruz continued their Colorado winning streak Friday, locking up the support of 21 total delegates to the Republican National Convention, representing a majority of the delegates Colorado will send to Cleveland in July.
Slates loyal to Cruz won every assembly in Colorado's seven congressional districts, which began April 2 and culminated Friday with 12 delegates selected. The Texas senator is well-positioned to pad their total Saturday, when 13 more delegates will be chosen at Colorado Republicans' state convention.
Of Cruz's delegates, only 17 were formally pledged to him, and in theory the other four could change their vote in Cleveland. But they were all included on the senator's slates and are largely state party officials who said they were barred from signing a formal pledge for Cruz but have promised to back them in balloting at the convention.
The result shows how Cruz's superior organization has helped them as they try to catch up with front-runner Donald Trump. While Cruz's campaign spent months recruiting slates of delegates and securing pledges, Trump only this week hired a Colorado state director. Two candidates Trump's campaign told backers to support in one district were not even on the ballot.
The Trump campaign said it wasn't worried and had always expected to fare poorly in Colorado because its assembly process is dominated by party insiders. “If we had a primary, yes, we would have done very well here,” said Trump senior adviser Alan Cobb.
Cruz also appeals to Colorado Republican activists who dominate party functions — a deeply conservative, religious crowd with a libertarian streak.
“Coloradans, naturally having that pioneer spirit, gravitate toward someone like Cruz,” said State Rep. Justin Everett, one of Cruz's pledged delegates.
By Nicholas Riccardi, AP Writer
(© Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
BOSTON – Mitt Romney said President Obama's attacks on them have been “dishonest” but acknowledged that they had succeeded in tarnishing their image as they head to a convention intended to reintroduce them to the American people.
In interviews published Monday, Mr. Romney grappled with the challenges awaiting them as Republicans gather in Tampa, Fla., to seal their nomination. After a summer of relentless attacks, Mr. Romney finds themselves on the defensive on their taxes, record in business and economic plans. But they expressed confidence that they could overcome that, starting this week.
“I do think that the president's campaign of personal vilification and demonization probably draws some people away from me,” Mr. Romney told USA Today. In the end, they said, “people will recognize those attacks for what they are, and they'll make a decision based on who can do a better job creating jobs and providing more take-home pay for the middle class of America. I believe I am that person.”
In a separate interview with Politico, Mr. Romney said: “Certainly their ads have some impact or they wouldn't be running them. But there would be an opportunity for people to get to know me better during the debates and during the time in the campaign season when people are actually paying a lot of attention to the candidates.”
Mr. Romney's complaints about their opponent's attacks mirror those of Mr. Obama, who has criticized their challenger for what they consider distortions and negativity.
Mr. Romney spent Sunday night at their home in Wolfeboro, N.H., and was spending Monday out of sight to work on their acceptance speech. They plan to fly to Tampa on Thursday, the final day of the convention when they will deliver their address.
The interviews underscored one of the liabilities Mr. Romney faces — the notion that they are not as likable or as attuned to regular people as Mr. Obama is. Mr. Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts, agreed that that perception exists but attributed it to the Obama ad campaign and said voters would get a better sense of them this week.
“I was voted the president of my fraternity,” they noted. “They don't call them fraternities at Brigham Young University. They're called service clubs. It was the Cougar Club. But you don't get voted to be head of your group if you don't get along with people, if you don't connect with people.”
They expressed surprise at the issues Mr. Obama has focused on in attacking him. “There are plenty of weaknesses that I have, and I acknowledge that,” Mr. Romney said. “But the attacks that have come have been so misguided, have been so far off target, have been so dishonest, that they surprised me. I thought they might go after me on things that were accurate that I've done wrong, instead of absurd things.”
Asked what those accurate weaknesses would be, they laughed and declined to say.
A NORTH KOREAN cargo ship caught up in UN sanctions disappeared from radar for a month before winding up hundreds of kilometres away going around in circles.
The Hao Fan 6, a 140m vessel, was last tracked on October 10, the day it was banned from entering every single port in the world and punished for violating sanctions on North Korea.
According to US broadcaster CNN, the ship disappeared off South Korea with its transponder pinging continuously until 11.17pm Coordinated Universal Time (CUT).
A month later, Hao Fan 6's signal was detected in the East China Sea, hundreds of kilometres away from its last location.
The ship's transponder was switched off for the rest of the month and according to one expert this isn't entirely uncommon for vessels engaging in illegal behaviour.
Middlebury Institute of International Studies senior research associate Andrea Berger told CNN: “There is little that can be done to prevent captains independently switching them off.”
Transponders, a mandatory international requirement for large vessels, can be switched off during times of threat or when trying to remain undecked.
The Hao Fan 6, which is technically owned by a Hong Kong shipping company, was one of four ships the UN hit with global port bans and visited North Korea three times last year, stopping along traditional coal shipping routes.
If it was carrying coal, the ship would have been in violation of UN resolutions passed in March last year.
North Korea has been hit with a series of sanctions in the wake of its missile and nuclear program.
The sanctions are designed to punish the secretive regime over its provocative missile launches and curb access to supply of coal and oil.
The United States has continually demanded countries, particularly China, do more to cut off North Korea's access to fuel and supplies which could be used to fund its weapons program.
The emergence of the Hao Fan's movements come as severe shortage of food and foreign currency grips North Korea as international sanctions bite.
Analysts have warned the sanctions are contributing to a fresh wave of North Korean “ghost ship” fishing vessels washing up in Japanese waters.
Exacerbating the phenomenon is the fact that North Korea has sold fishing rights to China in a bid to raise hard currency, forcing fishermen — often sailing rickety vessels — further out towards Japan in search of a catch.
Dozens of North Korean fishing vessels wash up on Japan's coast ever year, but last month Japanese coastguards registered 28 cases, the highest monthly number since records began in 2014.
There has been a record number of North Korean fishermen rescued alive — 42 this year compared to none in 2016 — but there are still cases of “ghost ships” packed full of bodies, with 18 corpses recovered so far this year.
— With AFP
San Diego State University supporters announced a drive Thursday to gain control of the SDCCU Stadium site as an alternative to SoccerCity.
The newly formed Friends of SDSU Steering Committee said they will publish a notice of intent Saturday to launch a city ballot initiative drive that would authorize the city to sell 132 of the 166 acres at the SDCCU Stadium site. The 14-page measure is called the SDSU West Campus Research, Stadium and River Initiative.
“This effort is not for the next 10 years or 20 years, it's for the next 50, 60, 70 years and making SDSU everything it can possibly be,” said Kim Kilkenny, a 1974 alumnus, retired developer and downtown redevelopment board chairperson, who met with Union-Tribune reporters and editors Thursday to review the initiative.
The 24-member steering committee includes the last three SDSU presidents, civic leader Malin Burnham, high-profile alumni and several developers, including executives of Sudberry Properties, who have helped bankroll the Public Land Public Vote group opposing SoccerCity.
After 21 days, the group could begin gathering the required 71,646 signatures from registered city voters and have them certified by March. The goal is to be ready for the measure to be voted on at the June 5 primary or Nov. 6 general election next year. Veteran campaign consultant Tom Shepard is overseeing the campaign.
SoccerCity, geared to building a professional soccer stadium and other development, is scheduled for the November ballot. If they appear on the same ballot, the measure with the most votes would win.
Unlike SoccerCity, the SDSU measure does not lay out the uses for the stadium land. Instead it calls on SDSU to prepare a master plan that would be approved by the state and leaves the city and the university to negotiate the fair market price, mitigation measures and other details.
However, the initiative does call for a new stadium of at least 35,000 seats to be built within seven years of the measure's passage.
Mayor Kevin Faulconer's office said it was aware of the initiative but has not been briefed on the details. Faulconer has endorsed SoccerCity but is working with SDSU to allow it to continue to play at SDCCU Stadium beyond 2018. The city had planned to close the 50-year-old stadium in 2019 to save about $12 million in annual operating costs now that the anchor tenant, the NFL's Chargers, have relocated to Los Angeles.
SoccerCity project manager Nick Stone issued this reaction to the SDSU alternative: “As we have always said, we welcome competitive ideas, because we believe the detailed plan we put forward accomplishes some long-held goals for San Diego.”
They cited their plans for a park, a stadium that could be shared with SDSU, room for SDSU to expand on land they would have to purchase and new tax revenues.
“We put our best plan forward and we look forward to and expect a similarly thorough review by San Diegans of this proposal,” Stone said.
SDSU spokesperson Gina Jacobs said the campus also was aware of the initiative and had reviewed several drafts to make sure it conforms to state policy.
The university is barred from taking positions on such issues but Jacobs said SDSU administration appreciates the “work and passion and resources” of the friends group.
They said the campus expects to issue a site plan by the end of the year that would lay out the extent of housing, academic buildings, commercial space, hotels and what non-university-related development would be allowed.
“We think it's going to be a really well-executed plan and campus,” they said.
It is too early to say whether the amount of space and housing would be as much as SoccerCity plans, they said.
But the overall goal is to produce what other universities have done — a mix of academic and private-sector development, similar to what higher education institutions have done around the country, Jacobs said.
La Jolla-based FS Investors' SoccerCity proposes a 23,500-seat professional soccer stadium that could be expanded to 33,500 if SDSU partnered in the project; 4,800 housing units, 3.1 million square feet of office and retail space, two hotels with a total of 450 rooms and 60 acres of parkland.
The project would only go forward if voters approve it and if Major League Soccer awards FS an expansion franchise or if another major sports club is secured to use the facility.
The SoccerCity measure lays out a variety of incentives to encourage voter approval but those deadlines will not be met with a 2018 election and it is unclear how subsequent promises FS has made to the city to retain those incentives would be enforced. The biggest incentive is $40 million for a river park at the south side of the campus, but only if approval had been granted this year. Otherwise, the number drops to $20 million.
SDSU originally had planned to share the stadium but backed out of discussions when the two sides failed to agree on details.
After SoccerCity collected 112,000 signatures and had them certified, critics, including some City Council members, called for a request for proposals from SDSU and other developers as an alternative that could have been placed on the same ballot.
“We could play defense and try to defeat it,” said former City Manager Jack McGrory, who sits on the SDSU campaign steering committee and on the campus foundation board, “or come out and give the community an alternative. We are being proactive and giving the voters an alternative to the SoccerCity proposal.”
The new initiative would guarantee a 34-acre river park within seven years and 22 acres of neighborhood parks, similar to what SoccerCity proposes. Unlike SoccerCity, it would subject the SDSU West Campus plan to a formal environmental impact review and require SDSU “to take steps to reach agreement” with the city and other agencies to mitigate offsite impacts, such as higher traffic. But the city would not have veto power over the plan itself.
“We purposely did not give the city of San Diego land-use control over this,” said Kilkenny. “If the city and SDSU are in charge of approving the plan, they'll do this” — and they twisted their hands together to illustrate how the process could be tied up in knots.
It also would make room for a connection to the proposed San Diego Trolley's Purple Line on Interstate 805.
Like SoccerCity, the SDSU initiative calls for the land to be purchased at fair market value as set by an independent appraiser. The latest appraisal set the price at $83 million for the 166-acre stadium property but McGrory said a new appraisal would be called for if the measure passes.
The bees were in the city for a few hours, according to onlookers.
A swarm of bees has descended on one of Perth's main city streets, with a number of shops closed as beekeepers try to manage the situation.
The bee swarm has been in the pedestrian mall since about lunchtime.
A beekeeper called in by the City of Perth estimated there were more than 20,000 bees in the swarm.
"It was the largest colony I've seen this season," Mike Conway from Bivouac Beekeeping said.
"It was about 2 metres up the wall by a metre wide."
Mr Conway said it was hard to say why the swarm chose that location.
"You would have to talk to the bees about that one," they said.
"Looking for a home in the CBD is not too easy for them.
"I wouldn't say it's common but it does happen in the City of Perth.
"There is so many people keeping bees in very unusual places including the CBD that there are bees everywhere now."
City retail worker Liria Siragusa said things became "hectic" as people failed to notice the swarm until they were in it.
"It looked like a big cloud of black, like the rapture," they said.
"It was great to see everyone's reactions, everyone was having a good time, ducking through it [and] having a laugh."
The City of Perth advised in a statement that anyone with bee allergies should avoid the area while the last of the swarm is moved on.
It was reported to the city about 1:40pm.
Friends of a man hailed as a local hero are hoping the community will rally around them and their family as they battle a brain tumour.
When a fire broke out at the Oliver Place apartment building at 11740 Jasper Ave. on Jan. 19, as people rushed out to escape the blaze, local pizza shop owner Riza Kasikcioglu rushed in, knocking on doors to wake sleeping tenants and carrying a woman in a wheelchair on their back down the stairs from the seventh floor.
“He is the kind of person that jumps in without any reservation when people need help,” said Sim Senol, who met Kasikcioglu and their family through the Turkish Canadian Society of Edmonton.
“We've known it already within our community, but he's also proven that during the fire … That's the kind of person they are, and I think it would mean a lot to them especially if they see that Edmontonians are supporting him.”
Witnesses watched as Kasikcioglu, wearing their Maximo's Pizza T-shirt, raced up the stairs, feeling their way through smoke-filled hallways while banging on doors to help tenants escape a fire that claimed one person's life.
“He was pushing a lady in a wheelchair, they go to the stairwell, and they immediately turns around on the stairwell and puts the wheelchair on their back,” said Brad Wilkinson at the scene of the fire. “It was the craziest thing I've ever seen.
“I think they were just trying to help as many people as they could, because right when we got to the bottom, they turned around and sprinted right back inside.”
Senol said while Kasikcioglu is too proud to admit it, they have suffered physically and emotionally from the fire. Even still, Senol said Kasikcioglu would never hesitate to help someone in need.
“Only one person died that day. If it wasn't for him, I don't know if there would be others,” Senol said Monday.
Senol said on Wednesday, Kasikcioglu — a Turkish immigrant who came to Canada to provide a better life for their wife and two young children — suddenly felt nauseated and dizzy.
After going to the hospital, Senol said doctors diagnosed Kasikcioglu with a brain tumour.
“The kids are very scared,” said Senol, who said Kasikcioglu is still in hospital awaiting surgery.
Kasikcioglu is scared, too, said Senol, but not for himself.
Senol said Kasikcioglu has been running their business, Maximo's Pizza and Donair at 11729 Jasper Ave., alone. As long as they remain in hospital, the doors will stay closed, meaning their family will have no income.
Senol said Kasikcioglu is most afraid for how they will support their family.
Even after the surgery, Senol said the doctors have warned them their recovery process could be long and they risk brain damage that could reduce their mobility on the left side of their body.
Kasikcioglu's friends have started a fundraising campaign to help support their family during their recovery and are trying to organize volunteers to reopen their shop until they are able to return to work.
Related
twitter.com/ClaireTheobald
ctheobald@postmedia.com
Archaeologists in China have unearthed the skulls of more than 80 young women who may have been sacrificed more than 4,000 years ago, state media reported Monday.
The skulls were found in what appears to have been a mass grave at the Shimao Ruins, the site of a neolithic stone city in the northern province of Shaanxi.
The women's bodies were not present, the official news agency Xinhua said, adding that archaeologists concluded that the skulls were “likely to be related to the construction of the city wall” in “ancient religious activities or foundation ceremonies” before construction began.
There may have been an outbreak of mass violence or ethnic conflict in the region at the time since “ancient people were prone to use their enemies or captives as sacrifices”, it added.
The discovery is not the first instance of researchers unearthing remains related to human sacrifice in early China. Kings and emperors were regularly buried along with their servants and concubines, who were sometimes killed first — and on other occasions buried alive.
The Shimao Ruins cover more than four square kilometres and were discovered in 1976.
The total includes 40 skulls that the Shaanxi provincial government said earlier had been discovered at the site last year.
Sun Zhouyong, deputy head of the Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology, told state broadcaster CCTV that the initial batch “show signs of being hit and burned”.
“This collective burial might also have something to do with the founding ceremony of the city,” they said.
Archaeologists have also found more than 100 remains of murals as well as large amounts of jadeware at the site of the ancient city, which sits in the Yellow River basin and is believed to date back to 2000 BC.
In 2005 archaeologists at Hongjiang in the central province of Hunan found an altar devoted to human sacrifice as well as the skeleton of one victim.
A separate altar was used for sacrificing animals at the 7,000-year-old site, which is believed to be the earliest human sacrificial site ever found in the country.
Last year, Ars documented how Skype encryption posed little challenge to Microsoft abuse filters that scanned instant messages for potentially abusive Web links. Within hours of newly created, never-before-visited URLs being transmitted over the service, the scanners were able to pluck them out of a cryptographically protected stream and test if they were malicious. Now comes word that the National Security Agency is also able to work around Skype crypto—so much so that analysts have deemed the Microsoft-owned service "vital" to a key surveillance regimen known as PRISM.
"PRISM has a new collection capability: Skype stored communications," a previously confidential NSA memo from 2013 declared. "Skype stored communications will contain unique data which is not collected via normal real-time surveillance collection." The data includes buddy lists, credit card information, call records, user account data, and "other material" that is of value to the NSA's special source operations.
The memo, which was leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden and released Tuesday by Glenn Greenwald to coincide with the publication of their book No Place to Hide, said the FBI's Electronic Communications Surveillance Unit had approved "over 30 selectors to be sent to Skype for collection."
The memo went on to state, "PRISM Skype collection has carved out a vital niche in NSA reporting in less than two years with terrorism, Syrian opposition and regime, and exec/special serious reports being the top topics. Over 2800 reports have been issued since April 2011 based on PRISM Skype collection, with 76% of them being single source."
Microsoft has remained vague about the extent of encryption protecting Skype communications. The memo suggests that those protections are limited, at least as far as buddy lists, credit card data, call records, and user account information are concerned. The data available under the "New Skype Stored Comms Capability For PRISM" may not stop there, given Microsoft's documented ability to read the plaintext inside instant messages.
One of those men, who asked not to be identified, said “Stacey” was beautiful and could pass for a woman. “She was pretty, but if you didn't know what time it was, you wouldn't know what they are,” they said. “She was built . . . and they drew attention from men just walking down the street.”
The last line of the piece, always meant to give the most impact when talking about someone's death: “‘Whatever they were – transvestite, man, woman – they didn't deserve to die like that,' one man said.” Um, how very kind of you to be so open-minded to denounce their death, even though she's a “transvestite” or whatever. Is this for real?
At least it's good to know GLAAD is pushing the newspaper for accurate reporting in this case and future cases, especially considering this happens most often when a violent crime is committed against a trans person. Folks have got to be held accountable. You can help make sure of that too.
It's that time of year again…SysAdmin Appreciation Day Party!
Matt Simmons Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 1, 2013
We're gonna have a party!
Yes, this is July, a time historically known in these parts for Independence Day (celebrate the birth of your nation by blowing up a small part of it) and System Administrator Appreciation Day!
Here's the deal. I'm throwing another party this year, and this year, I live in Boston, so it's going to be in Boston. Well, Cambridge, to be exact. The location is The Asgard, probably one of the few Irish pubs in the world named after Norse mythology.
Date:Friday, July 26thTime:Doors open at 6:30pmLocation:The Asgard
350 Massachusetts Ave.
Cambridge, Massachusetts
(617) 577–9100
Cost: $0
The afterparty to Monitorama was at The Asgard, and we had a great time there, so I thought it would work really well for this, too. It's easy to get to both by mass transit and by car, and has plenty of room.
Financially, here's the deal: Amazon is sponsoring us and picking up the drinks. This is absolutely awesome of them, and I can't thank them enough.
In the ensuing weeks, I'm going to be finding a food sponsor, and I'd also like to find a sponsor to cover parking (as it is right now, validated parking is $5 — it would be nice to have a sponsor cover that). If you are a company that would like to come mingle with Boston-area SysAdmins, please send me an email and let me know that you're interested in sponsoring food or parking. I'm certain that we can work something out. If you're an attendee and worrying about starving, don't. I'll come up with something in plenty of time.
Because I'm newish to the area, I don't know what the response is going to be, so I have capped the initial tickets at 50. I can always issue new tickets, so don't freak out if they're running low. I've also already sent an invitation to the Boston LOPSA Chapter and they've had all weekend to get tickets, which explains why you'll see nowhere near 50 tickets left.
Online event registration for SysAdmin Apprecation Day Boston 2013 powered by Eventbrite
If you can't see the embedded ticket form, you can go to the Eventbrite page and get your free ticket there. Make sure to tell your sysadmin friends and co-workers in the area. We're going to have a great time! Sign up now!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Climate change "threatens our planet, our only home", warns Thomas Stocker, IPCC co-chair
A landmark report says scientists are 95% certain that humans are the "dominant cause" of global warming since the 1950s.
The report by the UN's climate panel details the physical evidence behind climate change.
On the ground, in the air, in the oceans, global warming is "unequivocal", it explained.
It adds that a pause in warming over the past 15 years is too short to reflect long-term trends.
The panel warns that continued emissions of greenhouse gases will cause further warming and changes in all aspects of the climate system.
To contain these changes will require "substantial and sustained reductions of greenhouse gas emissions".
Image caption Projections are based on assumptions about how much greenhouse gases might be released
After a week of intense negotiations in the Swedish capital, the summary for policymakers on the physical science of global warming has finally been released.
The first part of an IPCC trilogy, due over the next 12 months, this dense, 36-page document is considered the most comprehensive statement on our understanding of the mechanics of a warming planet.
It states baldly that, since the 1950s, many of the observed changes in the climate system are "unprecedented over decades to millennia".
Document IPCC Summary for Policymakers [3MB] Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
Each of the last three decades has been successively warmer at the Earth's surface, and warmer than any period since 1850, and probably warmer than any time in the past 1,400 years.
"Our assessment of the science finds that the atmosphere and ocean have warmed, the amount of snow and ice has diminished, the global mean sea level has risen and that concentrations of greenhouse gases have increased," said Qin Dahe, co-chair of IPCC working group one, who produced the report.
Speaking at a news conference in the Swedish capital, Prof Thomas Stocker, another co-chair, said that climate change "challenges the two primary resources of humans and ecosystems, land and water. In short, it threatens our planet, our only home".
Since 1950, the report's authors say, humanity is clearly responsible for more than half of the observed increase in temperatures.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Rajendra Pachauri said they were confident the report would convince the public on global climate change
But a so-called pause in the increase in temperatures in the period since 1998 is downplayed in the report. The scientists point out that this period began with a very hot El Nino year.
"Trends based on short records are very sensitive to the beginning and end dates and do not in general reflect long-term climate trends," the report says.
Prof Stocker, added: "I'm afraid there is not a lot of public literature that allows us to delve deeper at the required depth of this emerging scientific question.
"For example, there are not sufficient observations of the uptake of heat, particularly into the deep ocean, that would be one of the possible mechanisms to explain this warming hiatus."
"Likewise we have insufficient data to adequately assess the forcing over the last 10-15 years to establish a relationship between the causes of the warming."
However, the report does alter a key figure from the 2007 study. The temperature range given for a doubling of CO2 in the atmosphere, called equilibrium climate sensitivity, was 2.0C to 4.5C in that report.
In the latest document, the range has been changed to 1.5C to 4.5C. The scientists say this reflects improved understanding, better temperature records and new estimates for the factors driving up temperatures.
What is the IPCC? In its own words, the IPCC is there "to provide the world with a clear scientific view on the current state of knowledge in climate change and its potential environmental and socio-economic impacts". The offspring of two UN bodies, the World Meteorological Organization and the United Nations Environment Programme, it has issued four heavyweight assessment reports to date on the state of the climate. These are commissioned by the governments of 195 countries, essentially the entire world. These reports are critical in informing the climate policies adopted by these governments. The IPCC itself is a small organisation, run from Geneva with a full time staff of 12. All the scientists who are involved with it do so on a voluntary basis.
In the summary for policymakers, the scientists say the rise in ocean waters will proceed at a faster rate than we have experienced over the past 40 years. Global mean sea level rise for 2081−2100, the document says, is projected to be between 26cm (at the low end) and 82cm (at the high end), depending on the greenhouse emissions path this century.
The scientists say ocean warming dominates the increase in energy stored in the climate system, accounting for 90% of energy accumulated between 1971 and 2010.
For the future, the report states that warming is projected to continue under all scenarios. Model simulations indicate that global surface temperature change by the end of the 21st Century is likely to exceed 1.5 degrees Celsius, relative to 1850.
Prof Sir Brian Hoskins, from Imperial College London, told BBC News: "We are performing a very dangerous experiment with our planet, and I don't want my grandchildren to suffer the consequences of that experiment."
Follow Matt on Twitter.
What if I unironically told you that violently killing terrorists was the basis of our most pure Christmas movie?
"Most prized among people of this opinion ..." BuzzFeed wrote about Die Hard in 2013, "is the transgressive act of selecting a violent action movie over Home Alone or more classic fare. We get it. You're too cool for regular Christmas movies."
The writer's consent to such an old-fashioned view of Christmas movies, or as they describe them, "classic fare," is ripped straight from the dusty pages of The Saturday Evening Post , where patriarchal small-town traditionalism was transmitted via the idealistic illustrations of Norman Rockwell. Their carefully crafted Americana would influence Frank Capra, who would go on to direct It's a Wonderful Life in 1946. Years later, the film's copyright, as Vanity Fair recently reported, was "neglected." By the 1970s, It's a Wonderful Life would become public domain as the TV networks reran it ad nauseam every Christmas Eve. Over the years, the reruns of the black-and-white classic quietly invented a tradition, much like Christmas itself, where we forever became trapped inside the snow-covered fences of Bedford Falls (the fictional small town in It's a Wonderful Life), singing "Auld Lang Syne" and weeping into the belly of an impoverished child.
Continue Reading
Related Stories The 10 Best Ultraviolent Christmas Flicks
This sort of Rockwellian brainwashing, as utopian as it may be, has somehow made Die Hard seem like a cheapened representation of the genre. NME recently looked into this. As of this writing, there's a hashtag on Twitter (#DieHardIsAChristmasMovie) that asks, "Is Die Hard considered a legitimate Christmas movie?" Of all the reviews written about Die Hard, which was released in the summer of 1988, none of those I found describe the film as a "Christmas movie." The New York Times described it as part "buddy movie," part "sentimental tales of a raptured marriage." That same year, the nation fell in love with Scrooged, wherein Bill Murray plays a soulless TV executive who greenlights The Night the Reindeer Died, a TV special in which Santa's village is assaulted by terrorists, as if to say that only callous "scrooges" enjoy action movies on Christmas Eve, instead of, say, A Christmas Carol or It's a Wonderful Life.
To the uninitiated, Die Hard is a xenophobic, Reagan-era blockbuster wherein a cigarette-smoking New York cop, a rebuke to L.A.'s heath-conscious yuppiedom, transports their blue-collar grit into the swanky Nakatomi Corporation's Christmas party. He's there to reclaim their wife, who's begun using their maiden name at their new position. As the narrative unfolds, John McClane becomes a symbol of a very frustrated demographic of American males grown tired of modernity. Nostalgia, after all, is the basis of Christmas and Americana, which are often the same thing. So when they first meet a Japanese executive, McClane casually reads the thought bubble hanging over every hippie-flogging Reaganite's head: "I didn't realize they celebrated Christmas in Japan."
This kind of cheeky xenophobia was, for better or worse, a calling card of '80s cinema. It's part of Die Hard's dark humor. When the German terrorists invade Nakatomi Plaza, they arrive in two vehicles: a van and the blue-collar-rage-inducing gray Mercedes-Benz, an import. For the next two hours, McClane proceeds to kill 13 well-trained German terrorists. If that's how you saw Die Hard, then you missed the fact that this is one of the most carefully sculpted Christmas allegories in history, wrought with symbolism from the moment McClane lights their first cigarette, to when they kill their last terrorist using a Beretta they holster to their back using festive tape.
Let's begin with names, first, "John," an allusion to "John the Baptist," or more appropriately, "John the Apostle," one of the most loyal apostles of Christ. Loyalty is the driving force behind McClane's instinctual need to reunite with their wife, Holly Gennero, who is named after a decorative Christmas plant. At the end of McClane's struggle to kill the final terrorist, Holly (with a gun being held to their head), finds them looking like a half-dead missionary. "Jesus Christ," they say, as they return to them like a resurrected Christ, the film's savior, a martyr who nearly dies for the sins of the greedy yuppies at Nakatomi, or the LAPD and FBI, who refuse to listen to their sage advice on how to handle the terrorists. In this regard, Die Hard is an antigovernment film. It is, as Bill O'Reilly would happily say, a Christmas movie, not a holiday movie, and most certainly not a faithless liberal Hollywood interpretation of the genre. Feeling hopelessly trapped, McClane shows us he's a believer, like George Bailey in It's a Wonderful Life. "I guess that's up to the man upstairs," they say, leaving their fate to God.
There are 13 terrorists trying to force McClane to meet their maker. Yet their leader, Hans Gruber, maintains that they are not a terrorist: "Who said we were terrorists?" they ask a Nakatomi executive. At one point, as they intellectualize over the model set of Nakatomi's Indonesian development, Gruber espouses their "classical education," and even quotes a Greek philosopher to distance themselves from their less worldly partners. So if they are not a terrorist, we then have exactly 12 card-carrying terrorists in Die Hard, like the 12 apostles of Christ, and the "12 Days of Christmas." Like Santa Claus, McClane carries a list, one they write on their arm with a Sharpie they use to keep track of terrorists he's either killed or plans to kill.
Die Hard is even littered with ugly Christmas sweaters, including the most infamous in the Christmas canon. When McClane scores their first kill, they decide to send the other terrorists a gruesome greeting card. The dead terrorist is sent down an elevator from the 32nd floor to the lobby, where they appear to their cronies as a bloodied Ken doll with red letters scrawled across their chest: "Now I have a machine gun. Ho-ho-ho." This is McClane as a sociopathic Santa, where their chimney is a stainless steel elevator.
There's even a miracle, but rather than 34th Street in Manhattan, it happens in Century City. When Theo the terrorist says it would require a "miracle" to crack through the vault's electromagnetic seal, Hans seeks help from above: "You asked for miracles, Theo ... I give you the FBI." When the bumbling feds turn off 10 blocks of city power, they crack the vault's seal open to reveal the biggest Christmas present in cinematic history: $640 million in negotiable bearer bonds, a moment scored by the orgasmic notes from Beethoven's "Ode to Joy."
As the terrorists open their present, McClane engages in one of the genre's other most beloved traditions: Christmas dinner, which is an expired Twinkie they salvage from a construction worker's lunchbox. How deliciously American, and, of course, another reason why Die Hard qualifies as "classic fare."
In terms of thematic connections to films in the Christmas movie canon, there's nothing more classic than a father's need to return home to see their family. This is the basis of Die Hard, as McClane attempts to thwart the terrorists and go home with their wife to their 6-year-old daughter. In Home Alone, the McCalister matriarch has to hitch a ride to Chicago with a Midwestern polka band when they can't get a flight home to son Kevin. In It's a Wonderful Life, George Bailey attempts to regain their life with the help of a guardian angel before they can return home. The threat of terrorism in Die Hard unites the McClane family in a paternalistic embrace of family values. In the final scene, Holly addresses themselves as "McClane," as opposed to "Gennero," which is their gift to their husband. Thirteen dead terrorists and countless carefully executed C-4 explosions bring them together under the "snowfall" of bearer bonds and printer paper that falls from the burning skyscraper. Vaughn Monroe's "Let It Snow," a song that was written in Hollywood during a heatwave in the summer of 1945, ends the film in classic fashion — as classic as we care to stomach.
Die Hard screens Dec. 24 at the New Beverly. Tickets are sold out but may become available due to refunds and cancellations.
Summer is the season for harmful algae blooms in many U.S. lakes and bays. They occur when water bodies become overloaded with nitrogen and phosphorus from farms, water treatment plants and other sources. Warm water and lots of nutrients promote rapid growth of algae that can be toxic and potentially fatal to aquatic life and people.
Eventually algae settle to the bottom and decay, depleting dissolved oxygen in the water, creating hypoxia – “dead zones” where oxygen levels are low enough to kill fish.
As a senior scientist at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration between 1975 and 2003, I developed annual hypoxia forecasts for the Chesapeake Bay and the Gulf of Mexico – two of our nation's water bodies most harmed by these blooms. At the University of Michigan, I helped develop harmful algae bloom forecasts for Lake Erie and continue to work with public and private organizations on these issues.
States around Lake Erie and in the Mississippi River basin, which drains to the Gulf of Mexico, have been trying to reduce nutrient pollution for years. They rely primarily on voluntary steps, such as offering grants to farmers to take steps to prevent fertilizer from washing off their fields.
In contrast, states around the Chesapeake have had more success with a federally enforced plan that can impose mandatory actions across the bay's 64,000-square-mile watershed. From my perspective, when we compare these two approaches it is clear that voluntary measures are not even making modest dents in nutrient pollution.
This year's forecasts
This year's Lake Erie harmful algae bloom forecast has a severity index of 7.5 on a scale of 1 to 10. This is comparable to the three largest blooms since 2011, including one that made the city of Toledo's tap water unusable for three days in 2014. The algae produced microcystin – a toxin that can produce effects from mild skin rashes to serious illness or death.
The Gulf of Mexico forecast predicts an 8,185-square-mile dead zone – more than four times the goal set by an intergovernmental task force. This will be the third-largest Gulf of Mexico dead zone since measurements began 32 years ago.
The Chesapeake forecast predicts a 1.9-cubic-mile hypoxic region – nearly the volume of 3.2 million Olympic-size swimming pools. This is much larger than goals reflected in recent policies.
Nonetheless, at least the Chesapeake is moving in the right direction. The amount of nutrients flowing into the bay is starting to decline.
The long quest to clean up Lake Erie
Lake Erie first suffered from heavy nutrient pollution in the 1960s. The Clean Water Act of 1972 triggered a remarkable cleanup. Nutrients, primarily from point (discreet) sources like sewage treatment plants, were cut in half, and the lake responded quickly.
But harmful algae blooms and hypoxia resurfaced in the mid-1990s, probably because flows into the lake of a form of phosphorus that is readily used by algae tripled. The dead zone set a new record in 2012, and harmful algae blooms set records in 2011 and 2015. Even if blooms do not become toxic, they can have devastating effects. For example, the 2011 harmful algae blooms on Lake Erie cost the region nearly US$71 million in diminished property values, water treatment, and lost tourism revenues and recreational opportunities.
In response, the United States and Canada negotiated new phosphorus loading targets that call for a 40 percent reduction from 2008 levels. Ontario, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania and New York are developing domestic action plans to meet those targets.
Now however, 71 percent of nutrients entering Lake Erie are from non-point sources – mainly from agriculture. Non-point source pollution comes from diffuse sources, such as fertilizer washing off of farms and lawns, so it is harder to control.
The United States contributes over 80 percent of Lake Erie's total phosphorus load. In sum, major load reductions will have to come from agriculture, mostly from U.S. farms.
[Maccoux et al. Journal of Great Lakes Research 42 (2016) 1151–1165](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jglr.2016.08.005)
How effective are voluntary measures?
Governments generally are averse to imposing environmental regulations on farmland. As a result, most action plans for Lake Erie rely on voluntary, incentive-based programs to address nutrient loss from agricultural lands.
But in the Mississippi River basin this approach has failed. In spite of more than 30 years of research and monitoring, over 15 years of assessments and goal-setting, and over US$30 billion in federal conservation funding since 1995, average nitrogen levels in the Mississippi have not declined since the 1980s.
The task force leading this effort recently extended the deadline for its goal of a 1,930-square-mile dead zone from 2015 to 2035. Today the dead zone is more than triple that size. Our newly published modeling shows that it would take a 59 percent reduction in the amount of nitrogen entering the Gulf of Mexico to reach the task force's goal.
The Chesapeake Bay's pollution diet
States around the Chesapeake Bay also struggled for decades to make voluntary, incentive-based approaches work. Their efforts were overwhelmed by the impacts of population growth and agricultural production.
Frustrated by worsening conditions, the states asked EPA in 2010 to establish a total maximum daily load – a “pollution diet” within a regulatory framework under the Clean Water Act that limits the amount of nutrients and sediment that can enter the bay. Bay states and the District of Columbia then developed implementation plans and management strategies detailing how and when each jurisdiction would meet its individual goals.
Unlike voluntary strategies, this approach has teeth. If states miss interim milestones for reducing pollutants, EPA can impose “backstop measures,” such as requiring additional reductions from point sources and withholding federal grant money.
Agricultural groups, supported by 21 states outside the Chesapeake watershed, challenged the total maximum daily load in court but lost. Between 2009 and 2015, loads of nitrogen, phosphorus and sediment in the bay dropped by 8 percent, 20 percent and 7 percent, respectively. Underwater grasses and the bay's iconic blue crabs are starting to recover.
No diet for Lake Erie
Environmental groups recently sued EPA to force stronger action on nutrient pollution in Lake Erie's western basin, with support from several members of Congress and the International Joint Commission, which coordinates efforts by the United States and Canada. But EPA will apparently write a total maximum daily load only if both Michigan and Ohio, the two key states in the western basin watershed, agree. (EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt endorsed the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load only because all six states in the bay's watershed supported it.)
Michigan recently declared its portion of Lake Erie “impaired,” which is required to trigger a total maximum daily load. But Ohio declared only some of its shorelines impaired, and EPA concurred. So prospects for a recovery are slim.
EPA's web page calls nutrient pollution one of America's “most widespread, costly and challenging environmental problems.” But voluntary action is not solving it. And President Trump's EPA budget request would cut $165 million in grants to states to deal with non-point source pollution.
As I have detailed before, taming nutrient pollution will require a broad national approach that includes steps such as modifying the American diet, changing agricultural supply chains and reducing production of corn-based ethanol. We also need to find the will to set legally binding limits when voluntary steps aren't enough.
Our findings with the tryptamine compounds fit with the general hypothesis that psychedelic compounds are serotonergic in nature. Specifically, all of the compounds were active as 5-HT 2A agonists and most were either SERT uptake inhibitors or transporter substrate releasers. SERT-mediated release potencies varied widely between the 5-methoxy and unsubstituted compounds. The unsubstituted indole compounds were more active as 5-HT releasers with EC 50 values in the 18.6- to 32.6-nM range. Tryptamine (12), α-methyltryptamine (13), and N-methyltryptamine (14) also displayed releasing activity at DA transporters and NE transporters, although with much lower potency when compared to activity at the SERT. The most potent and selective 5-HT releaser was N-ethyltryptamine (15, NETP), which had an EC 50 for SERT-mediated release of 18.6 nM and was relatively inactive at the other two transporters. The 5-methoxylated version of DMT (5-MeO-DMT, 7) was a weak 5-HT uptake inhibitor (IC 50 value = 2,184 nM). This was somewhat surprising since the 5-hydroxy analog, 16, was a potent SERT-mediated releaser with an EC 50 value of 30.5 nM. 5-OH-DMT (16), also known as bufotenin, is a compound reportedly found in schizophrenics and proposed as a possible disease biomarker (Emanuele et al. 2010; Faurbye and Pind 1968). 5-MeO-DMT (7) and DMT (6) are also found naturally in psychoactive plants such as Psychotria viridis and Virola calophylla (Freedland and Mansbach 1999). The N,N-dimethyl-4-hydroxy analog (24, psilocin), is the active metabolite of psilocybin (5), the O-phosphoryl analog of psilocin and the hallucinogenic component of the psychoactive Psilocybe genus of mushrooms which is currently being studied clinically. Psilocin was found to have reasonable uptake inhibitory properties at the SERT, with an IC 50 value of 662 nM. The transposition of the hydroxyl group from the 5-position (16) to the 4-position (24) changed the activity from a SERT-mediated releaser to a SERT uptake inhibitor, meaning the 5-substituted compound was a substrate, but the 4-substituted analog was not.
The uptake inhibition data for 5-MeO-DIPT (1), 5-MeO-MIPT (2), and 5-MeO-DMT (7) in Table 2 correlates well with data reported by Nagai et al. who used a similar assay protocol with rat brain synaptosomes (Nagai et al. 2007). None of the 5-methoxy compounds had appreciable DA or NE uptake inhibitory properties. In all three cases, the IC 50 values for 5-HT uptake inhibition were slightly lower than reported previously, 646, >10,000, and 2,184 nM, respectively (see Table 2), compared to 2,200, 6,400, and 4,100 nM (Nagai et al. 2007), though the rank order of potency was the same. Nagai et al. also studied AMT (13) and found that it was a fairly potent releaser at transporters for DA, NE, and 5-HT, with EC 50 values of 180, 68, and 79 nM, respectively. Our findings with AMT were similar to those of Nagai et al., as shown in Table 1. Sogawa et al. have also reported that 5-MeO-DIPT is a potent and selective 5-HT uptake inhibitor using rat brain synaptosomes with an IC 50 value of 1,800 nM (Sogawa et al. 2007). Their value is threefold higher than our observation of 646 nM.
As with the releasers, the 5-methoxy analogs were much less potent at the SERT when compared to their unsubstituted counterparts. For example, 5-MeO-DET (26) was found to have an IC 50 of 2,184 nM, whereas DET (19) was tenfold more potent (258 nM). In general, increasing the overall size of a chemical structure was associated with lower potency at SERT uptake inhibition. However, the diisopropyl compounds, DIPT (22) and 5-MeO-DIPT (1), inhibited 5-HT uptake much better than their monosubstituted analogs. NIPT (20) and 5-MeO-NIPT (27) were found to be weak 5-HT uptake inhibitors with IC 50 values of 1,487 and 5,442 nM, respectively. The addition of a second isopropyl group (DIPT and 5-MeO-DIPT) improved SERT activity by almost an order of magnitude, to 288 and 646 nM, respectively. Even more surprising was the finding that substitution of one of the isopropyls with a methyl group to form MIPT (23) and 5-MeO-MIPT (2, Moxy) rendered the compounds totally inactive as 5-HT uptake inhibitors.
Our findings also fit with the general hypothesis that releasers are transporter substrates, similar to 5-HT, while uptake inhibitors are not. This hypothesis posits that structurally small compounds tend to be releasers because they are able to be transported and hence induce transporter-mediated release. On the other hand, larger compounds cannot be substrates because steric interactions with the transporter prevent translocation. These compounds either bind at the surface of the transporter, thereby blocking reuptake of neurotransmitter, or do nothing. As noted above, N-ethyltryptamine (15) was a SERT-mediated releaser, but the addition of a second N-ethyl group caused the compound to become a modestly potent 5-HT uptake inhibitor (19, DET) with an IC 50 for inhibition of 25 nM. This finding reinforces the notion that bulky substituents render compounds that are too large to be transported. Presumably, both NETP and DET bind to the site of translocation, but the second ethyl group of DET prevents the transporter from making the required conformational changes to induce translocation.
One of the most interesting structural observations with the transporter data involve the N,N-dimethyl analogs. Both N,N-dimethyltryptamine (6, DMT) and N,N-dimethyl-5-hydroxytryptamine (16) were found to be SERT-selective releasers, with EC 50 values of 114 and 30.5 nM, respectively. This observation was somewhat surprising because our previous experience has demonstrated that the vast majority of transporter substrates are primary or secondary amines. Cozzi et al. also observed substrate activity for DMT, as well as for DPT (21), DIPT (22), and MIPT (23) which are also N,N-dialkyl analogs and much larger than DMT (Cozzi et al. 2009). Our assay protocol uses rat synaptosomes and compares activity in SERT release and uptake inhibition. Using this protocol, the latter three compounds were found to be SERT uptake inhibitors (Table 2). Mechanistically, substrate-type releasers are active in both release and uptake inhibition assays, while uptake inhibitors are only active in the uptake inhibition assay. The protocol used by Cozzi et al. to identify SERT substrates was an indirect method of determining mechanism by comparing binding affinity to potency in uptake inhibition. Compounds with high binding to uptake ratios were considered SERT substrate releasers. The binding to uptake ratio protocol was originally developed by the Rothman laboratory (Rothman et al. 1999), but this method was found to be inconsistent and replaced with a protocol similar to the release assays used here (Rothman et al. 2002)
All of the neurotransmitter-releasing tryptamines (Table 1) were potent and efficacious 5-HT 2A agonists as measured in a calcium mobilization assay. The most potent and efficacious compound of this group is 5-methoxy-N-ethyltryptamine (18), which had an EC 50 value of 1.9 nM with 112 % efficacy. Compounds that exhibited Gα q/11 -mediated functional responses also promoted the recruitment of β-arrestin, except for NMT (14) and DMT (6), which were inactive at 10 μM. The two methoxy derivatives (17 and 18) had similar potencies in the β-arrestin recruitment assay, but 17 was 67 % efficacious as a partial agonist while 18 was fully efficacious. This difference in efficacy was also present in the 5-HT 2A calcium assay, where 17 was less efficacious than 18. Interestingly, compound 17 and 18 displayed similar 70 % efficacy in the 5-HT 1A receptor assay. These results indicate that adding a methoxy group to the 5-position on the phenyl ring leads to small changes in 5-HT 2A potency but large changes in efficacy. One additional compound (16) was active at 5-HT 1A with an EC 50 value of 366 nM and was 95 % efficacious as opposed to 17 and 18.
All of the compounds in Table 2 were also potent and efficacious 5-HT 2A agonists in the calcium mobilization assay, with compounds 23 and 24 being the least efficacious (74 and 76 %) and compound 25 being the most potent (EC 50 of 0.5 nM) and efficacious (119 %). Interestingly, in contrast to their weak 5-HT uptake-inhibiting properties, the compounds containing a methoxy group on the phenyl ring (25, 7, 26, 27, 28, 1, 2) displayed low nanomolar potency at the 5-HT 2A receptor, as opposed to the unsubstituted compounds which were less active. The methoxy compounds were also among the most potent in the β-arrestin recruitment assay, a trend that was also observed for two of the 5-HT releasers as well (17, 18). These compounds have a range of efficacies starting at 56 % and increasing to 124 %, which does not seem to follow any trend related to N-substitution patterns. Four of the compounds (25, 7, 26, 28) were potent at 5-HT 1A but only partially efficacious (43–66 %).
Functional selectivity is becoming an important aspect in GPCR ligand development because of the possibility that an agonist might be able to activate one downstream signaling pathway over another leading to differences in pharmacological effects (Schmid and Bohn 2010; Schmid et al. 2008). All of the compounds in Tables 1 and 2 were efficacious as 5-HT 2A agonists in the calcium mobilization assay, but interestingly, the unsubstituted compounds were weak agonists or inactive in the β-arrestin recruitment assay. The methoxy-substituted compounds were all active in the β-arrestin recruitment assay, although several (7, 17, 26, 28) exhibited lower efficacies (56 to 68 %). The implications of these findings are unknown since additional experimentation would be required to validate functional selectivity, although such differences in β-arrestin recruitment could alter behavioral effects. It would be interesting to extend these studies to other downstream signaling pathways such as activation of Akt and/or Erk phosphorylation.
A description of reported psychoactive effects in humans has been included in Tables 1 and 2 tabulated from Shulgin reports (Shulgin and Shulgin 1997) in order to provide the reader with a sense of the wide range of psychological effects produced by tryptamine agents. There did not seem to be a correlation between in vitro activity and psychoactive effects for SERT-mediated activity, 5-HT 2A receptor activity, or 5-HT 1A receptor activity. The psychoactive effects of five of the compounds have not been reported. Further pharmacological characterization of these compounds would need to be conducted in order to further understand their behavioral outcomes, in particular related to metabolism by monoamine oxidases (Halberstadt et al. 2008; Reimann and Schneider 1993) and their pharmacokinetic profiles (Shen et al. 2011), which could be critical. As noted above, psychoactivity can also be influenced by a number of other receptors such as DA receptors, trace amine-associated receptors, cannabinoid receptors, the sigma-1 receptor, and the kappa opioid receptor. Future studies should employ more comprehensive pharmacological screening to explore the role of additional biological targets in the mechanism of action for psychoactive tryptamines.
I recently had the desire and need to create a ranking algorithm for a side project I was working on. I wanted to keep both the design and implementation fairly simple for my project, so I think this post will be great for people wanting to get their toes wet.
The ranking algorithm I ended up building is used for ranking user-created content – similar to the ranking of posts on sites like Reddit or Hacker News. So one might describe it as a ‘hotness ranking‘ opposed to a ‘relevancy ranking' used in search engines.
My goal is to walk through the basics of designing a ranking algorithm and then sharing my experiences and findings from implementing my algorithm. My implementation was done for a web application using Node.js and MongoDB.
Designing the ranking algorithm
When starting to design my algorithm, I naturally wanted to understand how other sites' ranking algorithms worked, fortunately I found a couple of blog posts that provided great introductions for ranking algorithms used by both Reddit and HackerNews. I would also recommend reading this blog post that describes the design process around Reddit's ‘best' comment ranking algorithm.
The factors
The first thing to do is to decide what factors you want to actually influence your rankings. For my specific case, I settled on 5 inputs:
P : Number of points (like upvotes or likes)
: Number of points (like upvotes or likes) C : Number of comments
: Number of comments V : Number of views
: Number of views Tc : Time since creation
: Time since creation Tu: Time since last update
For my simple ranking algorithm, I split the inputs into two categories: the score and the decay. The score is what drives an items' ranking to the top. The decay is what eventually brings it down.
The score
I felt that having a person like or upvote something should easily be the most influential factor for the score, however, I did not want that to be the only factor. I was already tracking views and comments in my application, so I felt that it made sense to include those in the ranking as well. I felt comfortable having those 3 inputs make up the score for a ranking.
The decay
The next step is to decide how you want your rankings to fall over time. Depending on the type of content you are ranking, you might not even want your rankings to decay at all. However, in that case, you may want to skip the rest of this post and just use a simple sort in your database query. For my case, I wanted my algorithm to have rankings decay substantially in roughly 24 hours. In order to achieve this, I followed the HackerNews algorithm pretty closely.
Another factor that was relevant for my side project, was that users would likely update their existing content at some point. I wanted the ranking algorithm to account for this by giving newly updated content a boost in ranking. Since my application stores the datetime for the last update, I use it to generate a value that would be subtracted from the decay caused by the creation datetime.
The algorithm
The result
Implementing the ranking algorithm
Once you have designed your algorithm, you can then start to think about your implementation. The first question that will come to mind is where the algorithm should be implemented. There are 3 main areas to consider: client, server, and database. I think we can pretty quickly disregard implementing the ranking algorithm in the client-side code for a couple reasons:
Reason 1 – If you are wanting to rank thousands of items, you would need to send all of that data over the network to be processed. This would be harmful to your application's performance and would cause unnecessary load on the network.
Reason 2 – You likely do not want users to have full access to your ranking algorithm, this could make it easier for some users to abuse potential weaknesses of your algorithm.
The next place to consider would be implementing the algorithm is in the server. The way that this implementation would likely work would be to fetch the data from the database then run that data through your algorithm. The output would be your data sorted by ranking. But what if you had millions of records stored? You probably would not want to fetch all your data and run it through the algorithm – especially if your ranking algorithm was relatively complex. This could be especially harmful to your application's performance if you are using a Node.js in your backend. A possible way to work around this would be to only fetch a subset of the data, ignoring very old or stale content. That workaround only works if you can be absolutely certain that you can safely ignore the stale content – so that solution may be very narrow. Another solution would be to use server-side caching on your results to reduce overall CPU usage.
Lastly, your algorithm could be placed in the database layer of your application. There are two main approaches for this:
Approach 1 – Implement your ranking algorithm as part of your database query.
Approach 2 – Run a job that calculates ‘ranking' for each item and updates that field in your database. Then simply query your data and sort by ranking.
With Approach 1, there are some important things to consider. Depending on your database and the complexity of your ranking algorithm it may not be trivial – or even possible – to fully implement it as a query. For example, in version 3.0 and earlier, MongoDB did not support the ‘exponent' operator when performing aggregation queries ($pow was added in v3.2). This was an actual issue I came across in my implementation – which I will cover in more detail later. So it is entirely possible that your algorithm may need to be revised to fit the limitations of your database. Another important thing to consider would be the performance of your queries. Depending on both the complexity of your algorithm and the amount of data you are ranking, Approach 1 could see come performance issues. However, if your project has a simple algorithm and you don't expect large amounts of data (100K+), this may be the simplest and most effective solution.
Moving on to Approach 2, it is clear that this approach requires more effort because you need to create a task that will be able to run fairly frequently on its own. However, once that part is complete, querying and sorting your data will be trivial because each item will have an up-to-date ranking field. The downside of this approach is that your rankings will not always be accurate. If you have your job run in 5-minute intervals, then you will allow for the possibility of having rankings that are 5 minutes out of date.
The result
For my project, I wanted to keep things simple and keep my velocity high (as I had a specific release date in my mind). I also knew that I would most likely be dealing with < 100,000 items to rank (at least for long time). I ultimately decided to implement my algorithm as a part of my database query (Approach 1).
Due to the fact that my project was built using MongoDB v.3.0, I did not have access to the $pow operator. As a result, I decided to modify my algorithm to accommodate the limitation.
Here is my updated algorithm:
Here is the code for my implemented ranking algorithm:
Item = mongoose.model('Item'), /* params.type - String params.limit - integer */ function getRankedItems(params, callback) { if(params.type === 'all') { params.type = { $exists: true }; } Item.aggregate([ { $match: { isDeleted: {$ne: true}, type: params.type } }, //end $match { $project: { item: "$_id", ranking: { $divide: [ { $add: [ "$upvotes", { $multiply: ["$numComments", 0.08] }, { $multiply: ["$views", 0.002] }, 0.75 ] }, //end $add { $add: [ 1, { $subtract: [ { $multiply: [ // this is a workaround for mongo version 3.0 (no $pow) { $multiply: [ { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$createDate" ] },14400000]}, .4 ] }, //end $multiply { $multiply: [ { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$createDate" ] },14400000]}, .4 ] } //end $multiply ] }, //end $multiply { $multiply: [ // this is a workaround for mongo version 3.0 (no $pow) { $multiply: [ { $subtract: [ { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$createDate" ] },14400000]}, { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$lastUpdate" ] },14400000]} ] }, //end $subtract .3 ] }, //end $multiply { $multiply: [ { $subtract: [ { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$createDate" ] },14400000]}, { $divide: [{ $subtract: [ new Date(), "$lastUpdate" ] },14400000]} ] }, //end $subtract .3 ] } //end $multiply ] } //end $multiply ] } //end $subtract ] } //end $add ] } //end $divide } }, //end $project { $sort: { ranking: -1 } }, { $limit: parseInt(params.limit) } ], function(err, results) { if (err) { console.log(err); return callback(err); } callback(null, results); } ); //end Items.aggregate }
A few notes on my implementation:
I am using Mongoose in my application, thus you see the Item schema being used. If you are not using mongoose, you can simply replace Item with the db.collection . I have mentioned my workaround of MongoDB 3.0 not having $pow. If you are using MongoDB 3.2 or higher, replace the $multiply operators that I have labeled with comments with $pow. Currently, this implementation returns an array of objects that contain just two fields: ranking and item . The ranking field will hold a float value with the calculated ranking of the item. The item field will simply hold the id of the record. If you find that you need to return more fields, add them to the $project object. I measured my time in 4 hour units. That's why you see me dividing the times by 14400000, which is the number of milliseconds in 4 hours. Feel free to play around with this number in your own implementations.
Final thoughts
The ranking algorithm from this article is certainly not perfect; there are a lot of ways to improve it. Rather than just counting all upvotes the same, you could make your algorithm more dynamic by considering vote velocity. If an item receives a ton of upvotes in a short amount of time, then you could have their weight increase. You could also consider the age of vote by giving more weight to newer votes.
The examples in this post only consider upvotes, but what if you want to hide items? Implementing downvotes is one way to allow your users to have even more control curating your rankings. Another common concept is flagging or penalizing items. There could be user-created content that needs to be moderated, having a way to quickly remove or downgrade an item could be important.
What's going on here? In short, clever polling. Both polls were carefully constructed to elicit the answers they wanted. The Third Way poll, for example, asked voters if they wanted politicians to "compromise" and "make changes" -- it didn't mention "cuts," and it didn't dig into the specifics of any proposed "changes" to entitlement programs. When you keep it vague like that, of course people will agree. But the answer is almost meaningless: Do people want entitlements to change to be more generous, or do they want the sort of private account or voucher-based systems Paul Ryan has proposed? This poll doesn't tell us.
The unions' poll, meanwhile, didn't ask about deficits in isolation -- it counterposed deficit reduction with "creating jobs" and gave people a binary choice between the two. Again, given this choice, it's almost a given that respondents will pick "job creation" as their preferred priority, and indeed, 67 percent did. But how do people want this job creation to be accomplished? Chances are if you replaced that phrase with "government spending," which is what's really meant by the question, you'd get a different answer, and if you dug down into specifics on how to create jobs, you'd likely get far less unanimity.
It's clear what both these groups are trying to do. Third Way wants politicians to think even Democrats want to rein in entitlement spending, when that's pretty clearly not the case. The unions want politicians to think voters don't care about deficits, when that's also pretty clearly not the case.
So what do the American people really want out of a deal to resolve the fiscal cliff? It's best to turn to a poll that doesn't come from an interest group for the answer. National Journal's Congressional Connection polling series, conducted by Princeton Survey Research, has asked a number of detailed questions on fiscal issues and the budget in recent months. Here's what it found:
* Do voters want to reduce the deficit? Yes, but they care more about jobs and education. Three quarters call reducing the deficit "very important," but an even larger majority, 86 percent, say addressing the job situation is, and 76 percent say the same about improving public education.
* Do voters want entitlement cuts? Nope. A slim majority, 51 percent, say keeping Social Security and Medicare benefits untouched is more important than reducing the deficit (34 percent). A plurality, 36 percent, says the idea that Medicare and Social Security could be cut is their biggest worry about any deficit deal; raising their taxes was the concern of 24 percent. A majority also said raising the Medicare eligibility age to 67 should not be part of the deal, and a plurality, 49 percent, didn't want Medicare and Medicaid spending to be limited. Voters also don't want to see a freeze on domestic nondefense spending on things like education, parks, and housing, by a 57-35 margin.
Guinness Beer Sued By Angry Customer ... This Stuff's Made In Canada
Guinness Beer: Sued By Angry Customer ... This Stuff's Made In Canada
EXCLUSIVE
Guinness, the famous Irish stout, is being sued because THE BEER IS ACTUALLY MADE IN CANADA!
Kieran O'Hara is a local beer drinker from Massachusetts now gunning for Guinness, claiming the beer maker is duping millions of beer enthusiasts.
According to the docs -- obtained by TMZ -- O'Hara claims Guinness plasters a misleading label on every bottle of Guinness Extra Stout that makes people think it's a 100% Irish beer -- with ONLY a teeny tiny disclosure on the back of the bottle saying it's ACTUALLY made in Canada.
O'Hara isn't just in it for themselves -- he's trying to put together a class of other Guinness drinkers who thought they were drinking an authentic Irish beer.
We reached out to Guinness for comment ... so far, no word back.
Our guess? If O'Hara wins, he'll celebrate with a cold pint.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 4, 2017, 3:13 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 4, 2017, 3:16 PM GMT By Associated Press
MCINTIRE, Iowa — Apparently it was a not-so-special election in the tiny town of McIntire, Iowa, where none of its 70 registered voters showed up to cast ballots.
Tuesday's ballot asked two questions: Should the term of the mayor be raised to four years from two, and should the terms of council members be raised to four years, staggered, from two years.
A Mitchell County deputy auditor, Barbara Baldwin, told the Mason City Globe Gazette that the poll workers didn't even vote. None of them live in McIntire.
McIntire, population 110, sits near the state line with Minnesota, 137 miles north-northeast of Des Moines.
Baldwin says she's seen low turnouts over their 28 years with the county auditor, but, "This is definitely a first."
Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday denounced white supremacist groups in the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville, Va., saying: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK.”
Pence said the “dangerous fringe groups” have no place in American public life. They were speaking during a news conference in Cartagena, Colombia.
Both Republicans and Democrats have criticized President Trump's initial remarks about the events that unfolded in Charlottesville. When Trump addressed the nation on Saturday, they said they condemn “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
TRUMP CONDEMNS 'WHITE SUPREMACISTS,' OTHER EXTREMISTS BEHIND DEADLY VIRGINIA RALLIES, OFFICIAL SAYS
Pence said that when President Trump spoke about yesterday's tragedies, their call for unity between both sides “was from the heart.” The vice president added that “our hearts go out” to the victims of Saturday's violence.
Trying to explain the president's position, the White House released a statement on Sunday: "The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
REPUBLICAN LAWMAKERS ENCOURAGE TRUMP TO SPECIFICALLY CALL OUT WHITE NATIONALISTS
It added: "He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Fox News' Jennifer Bowman and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
THE bid to build a brand-new Irish language school on the outskirts of Omagh took a major stride forward last week with the formal submission of a planning application.
Subject to planning approval and external political matters, construction on the all new Gaelscoil na gCrann could be underway by the end of this year.
Work on the new site, which is on the opposite side of the Drumnakilly Road from the current school, is expected to take around 60 weeks.
Funding for the £2.3m development was first announced by former Education Minister John O'Dowd in June 2014.
Advertisement
The Irish medium school has existed in temporary classrooms next to the Dun Uladh centre and the St Mary's GAA facility in Ballinamullan since it first opened in 2006.
The planning application was submitted last Thursday (March 23).
It includes a state-of-the-art single-storey seven classroom primary school and single unit nursery on a 2.2 hectare greenfield site nearby to replace the existing gaelscoil and naíscoil (pre-school).
FULL DETAILS IN THURSDAY'S ULSTER HERALD – SUBSCRIBE HERE
Read the full story in this week's paper, available in your local newsagents today or subscribe to our Digital Edition by clicking below
Erick "Cubo" Torres brought their torrid club form with them on international duty with Mexico, rescuing a listless El Tri with the only goal in their 1-0 win over Panama.
The 21-year-old, who was a second-half sub for Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez, slotted home from close-range after Panama 'keeper Oscar MacFarlane juggled a long blast from midfielder Miguel Herrera. Oribe Peralta was first to the rebound, but MacFarlane could only redirect Peralta's header into the path of the lurking Torres, who made no mistake.
MLS fans, who have watched the Chivas USA striker hit for 15 goals this season, know what came next:
The strike was Torres' first goal for the senior Mexican national team.
FC Dallas veteran Blas Perez started and got 73 minutes up top for the visitors.
Daily Quests Fixed! The 50 and 60 Gold Quests Have Returned
Season 1 Extended, Possible Next Hero Tease, Weekly Rotation & Sales - Aug 16th
Warforged Invasion Armor, Event Changes, Shadow Dance, Blue Posts, Tweets, WowCraft
Graw The Herald Problem
Some users are reporting that the new unique Stinging Winds monster, Graw the Herald, is not spawning on consoles. He's responsible for dropping the white Harvest item, also known as the Fallen Pennant. Nevalistis replied saying that their team is investigating the issue.
Originally Posted by Blizzard (Blue Tracker / Official Forums) Graw still not spawning on consoles. So did blizzard actually do anything about the missing cosmetic items on the consoles? I'm sure we have farmed for them just as much as our pc counterparts, so it'd be pretty weak if they didn't get fixed for us. Just popping in to say we have seen this and passed it on to our Quality Assurance for thorough investigation. We don't have any details to share just yet, but as soon as we have an update, we'll let you know!
Season 7 by TeamBRG - Leveling, Fresh 70, GR20 & More
BRGPrincess made an awesome thread on our forum sharing a few very interesting guides.
The basic guides are very similar to what we've been featuring recently, but worth noting in this particular thread is their thoughts on Build progression for each class, which Set Dungeons to master and which to avoid, along with some tips for the Thrill conquest as well. Check it out!
Join us for our weekly Boardgaming Meetup at Cobblestone's pub. We're a friendly group of gamers that play everything from Monopoly to Ticket to Ride to Zombicide! Everyone is welcome - all ages (must be over 21) but must be young at heart!
If you don't recognize the games, don't worry, everyone is happy to teach new players the rules.
We usually go for about 3-4 hours but people drop in any time and leave when they need to. If you're looking for a chill, fun way to spend a Tuesday night - come!
To support our awesome, not-too-loud, well-lit venue, please purchase a bite to eat or at least 2 drinks (soda is fine!). Cobblestones informed us that there is a $10 minimum per person.
If anyone has a specific game they wish to play, feel free to ask. I am sure between us all, we should have it.
Buy Photo Tues., Nov. 14, 2016: Libby Harrison, former project manager of Cincinnati Exchange Program, appears in front of Hamilton County Municipal Court Judge Bernie Bouchard. (Photo: The Enquirer/Carrie Cochran)Buy Photo
DOWNTOWN - Elizabeth "Libby" Harrison, the former manager of a local needle exchange program, is no longer facing drug paraphernalia possession charges after they were arrested in August for having an uncapped needle in their vehicle.
However, Harrison pleaded guilty Tuesday in Hamilton County Municipal Court to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge in connection with their arrest in Norwood earlier this year. Harrison's plea, which Judge Bernie Bouchard accepted, followed a deal their attorney William Gallagher negotiated with prosecutors. They also paid a fine of $150 and court costs.
The conviction ends the case launched by the Norwood Police Department, which charged Harrison with illegal use or possession of drug use instruments after they found their car with the gearshift in drive on the shoulder of Interstate 71. An officer banged on the window to rouse Harrison.
Harrison told police that they suffer from hypoglycemia and must have passed out because of the condition.
The Norwood police report said that officers saw a syringe cap in Harrison's lap and after a search, they found a bottle cap, a piece of burnt cotton, and an uncapped syringe
After the arrest, Harrison took at least two tests for illegal drugs – including one that happened a few days after initial contact with police. The tests showed they had no illegal drugs in their system. One of the tests sampling Harrison's hair, which can show longer term drug use, also showed no sign of drugs in their system.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“I just would like to get back to doing what I do,” Harrison told Bouchard.
CLOSE The arrest of Elizabeth "Libby" Harrison, program manager for the Cincinnati Exchange Project, on charges of possession of drug paraphernalia. Provided/Norwood Police Department
Harrison said the University of Cincinnati, which administers the Cincinnati Exchange Project, ended their employment Oct. 19. In a statement, a university spokesperson said Harrison's position as a senior research assistant at UC's Winkle College of Pharmacy ended as grant funding that supported their position dried up. After Harrison's arrest in August, they were placed on administrative leave.
"She started this needle exchange program," Gallagher told Bouchard. "A lot of people have benefited from it."
Even so, Bouchard said, "You of all people should know the death grip that heroin has. You'd better just watch yourself."
.
Buy Photo Tues., Nov. 14, 2016: Hamilton County Municipal Court Judge Bernie Bouchard addresses Libby Harrison, the former project manager of Cincinnati Exchange Program in court. The Enquirer/Carrie Cochran (Photo: The Enquirer/Carrie Cochran)
Dr. Judith Feinberg, founder of Cincinnati Exchange Project who now is a professor at the West Virginia University School of Medicine, said after Tuesday's hearing that Harrison had a “severe hypoglycemic episode while driving their car, which was being used as a substitute for the Cincinnati Exchange Project van because it was undergoing repairs.”
“She became progressively more alert after eating candy when the Norwood Police aroused her,” Feinberg said. Noting negative drug tests and the hypoglycemia, Feinberg said, “These facts exonerate them from the accusation of illicit drug use … and I sincerely hope that their name has now been cleared once and for all.”
Feinberg said that Harrison had linked about 10 percent of needle exchange program clients to drug treatment programs.
“It is accomplishments like theirs that show the value of the principle of harm reduction as one tool to combat our devastating opioid epidemic,” Feinberg said.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2fuNXKz
Following the apparently successful campaign to stop the demolition of the Earthy building at Canonmills Bridge, an appeal by the developer has been allowed and the building will be demolished.
We reported late last year on the campaign to Save 1-6 Canonmills Bridge, and from their Facebook page it would appear that they hope to take further action.
GRIM NEWS. This has just arrived by email. The appeal has been allowed. The Reporter has concurred with the owners and… Posted by Save 1 – 6 Canonmills Bridge on Thursday, 28 January 2016
The Reporter who considered the appeal said: “Against these key elements which distinguish the area, I consider the building is atypical.
“It is essentially a simple and functional mid 19th Century small scale mainly brick built industrial building, which appears to have served the area as shops throughout most of its existence. It has been the subject of various ad hoc adaptations throughout its life and is now built of mixed materials.
“At present it is particularly well presented at street level by its current occupiers as an organic food grocers and restaurant and is clearly valued by the local community. However, I do not consider that its current occupation and use is relevant to the question of the intrinsic value of the building itself to the special interest of the conservation area.”
Commenting on the news, Deidre Brock MP said:
“This is a very disappointing decision. The fantastic local campaign to save 1-6 Canonmills Bridge demonstrated the strength of feeling against demolition.
“The planned development is an inappropriate size for the site, and will close down the sense of space in this central hub area of Canonmills. It's very sad that a building with such character will be bulldozed for a bland housing block.
“I'll continue to support the campaign as they consider whether there are any further avenues to halt this decision.”
This is the appeal decision in full:
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Molson Coors, Canada's oldest and biggest beer company, has fallen on hard times in recent weeks, and it wants you to know that it's the NHL's fault. The league is now two months deep into a labor dispute that's left the ice empty this season, an unfortunate development both for the fans that love watching men fistfight on ice skates and the companies that provide them with the intoxicating brews that make that sort of thing more amusing. "Whether it's people not actually physically going to the venues and consuming there, consuming in venues around the outlet before that, or indeed having NHL sort of parties at home," Molson Coors CEO Peter Swinburn told the Canadian Press on Wednesday, "all of those occasions have disappeared off the map and you just can't replicate them."
It's not like this hockey thing is going to put Molson Coors out of business or anything. The international brewery pulled in $197.7 million in revenue last quarter, beating analysts' expectations. The company says that its Canadian branch is suffering, though, as a result of the lockout, and Swinburn said that they "expect the fourth quarter to be the most challenging of this year." More specifically, they're having a hard time with lower demand in lots of place, but it's the worst in Canada.
SCP-2731
Item #: SCP-2731
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The floor containing SCP-2731 is to be covered at all times in a cast-iron platform that conceals and protects SCP-2731. The platform is to be coated in nonslip padding and fitted with a bolted trap door that can be unbolted and opened to reveal the second layer, a cavity containing SCP-2731 and protected by a secondary door only accessible with Level 2 or above object clearance.
The shaft inside SCP-2731 is to be capped with a padded iron insert that can be removed from above. Do not dig into, drill into, or otherwise damage the SCP-2731 shaft from within.
Description: SCP-2731 is an aperture built into the floor of a stockroom of [REDACTED], a grocery store in Asheville, North Carolina. The aperture is concealed by a square iron door which is 2cm thick, .7m wide, and designed to be flush with the surrounding floor. The floor in the room containing SCP-2731 slopes down toward the aperture in all directions, possibly to allow for drainage.
SCP-2731 connects to a shaft which extends downward for approximately 40 meters before opening into an extensive artificial cavern system [see Exploration Log 2731-1-1999]. As all imaging and exploratory measures taken have been unable to locate the cavern system, it is believed to be extradimensional.
A plaque is affixed to the underside of SCP-2731 which reads as follows.
THIS PORTAL INSTALLED SEPTEMBER 1951
UNDER CONTRACT FOR
RICHARD AND SONS GATEWAY SERVICE
According to interviews with owners and employees of the business, SCP-2731 was inactive or inaccessible until August 10th, 1998, when it was altered by members of Richard and Sons, the same organization which originally placed it. [See the Groups of Interest file appropriate for your clearance level.] The Foundation has attempted to contact Richard and Sons via the telephone number provided on the business card provided to the attending cashier, but received an automated report stating that the number is out of service.
Closed-circuit surveillance records of Richard and Sons' time inside the premises housing SCP-2731 have been obtained and cataloged. A transcript follows.
Incident recording begins, time 3:20 [Two Richard and Sons agents, designated here as Operative A and Operative B, enter the building and approach a cashier.] Operative A: Ma'am, could you please direct us to your storeroom? Cashier: Excuse me? Operative A: We received a call about a stuck Avernus cover in your premises. We're here to repair it. Here's our card. [Operative B produces a business card from their shirt pocket and hands it to the cashier.] Those are the new ones with the right number, aren't they? Operative B: I'm pretty sure. Cashier: I'm going to have to talk to the manager. Operative B: That's great. Operative A: That's fine. We'll be right here. [The cashier walks to their station.] What was that? Operative B: The… I was just trying to be friendly. Operative A: I can handle it. [The store manager approaches.] Manager: What's this about? Operative A: We're here to repair a stuck Avernus cover, sir. Did you get… here, have a card. [Operative produces a business card and gives it to the manager.] Manager: Alright, so you're repairmen here to fix a furnace cover? Operative A: Avernus cover. You can't leave it stuck, could cause all kinds of problems. Operative B: It can be a health code violation. Operative A: He's actually right. Manager: How long is this going to take? Operative A: Ten, fifteen minutes tops to make sure everything's working. We'll be in and out. Manager: Well, alright. I can take you to our heating controls. Operative A: No thanks, sir, we can find it from here. [The two operatives walk toward the storeroom.] Operative B: Oh, I just remembered. I got a call from someone looking for some major installation work. Operative A: What's the site? Operative B: I think it's a Satanists club or something out in Hendersonville. Operative A: Jesse? [Operative A stop at the door to the storeroom.] I gotta ask you a question. Do you remember what it says on our van? [Operative A point with their thumb toward the parking lot.] Operative B: Uh. "Richard And Sons, serving Greater Asheville for generations, we give you a hell of a deal." Operative A: Greater Asheville. Do you know what that means? Operative B: I guess it starts at the library— Operative A: It means greater got-dang Asheville. We're a local business. Family-run. We provide a niche service to a very specific area. Are you going to pay your own goddamn gas money and van maintenance to head out into the fucking sticks to open a demonhole at some redneck's cabin? Operative B: N-no, sir. Operative A: You worked at Domino's before this, you should know this shit. [The operatives enter the stockroom.] Open that toolbox and get the gauge. [Operative B hands Operative A electronic device. Operative A activates it.] [Remaining surveillance footage unusable due to radio interference.] Incident recording ends, time 3:27
Exploration Log 2731-1-1999: As interference within SCP-2731 makes the use of unmanned reconnaissance devices and video surveillance unfeasible, an agent was sent into the SCP-2731 shaft with an analog audio recording device. Transcript follows.
The agent resurfaced six hours following entry, lacking their sample jar and gloves, and claiming to have blacked out as their stomach was being pumped. The agent was treated for frostbite, but no permanent physical damage occurred. The agent is currently in therapy to overcome persistent intrusive thoughts regarding "the sins of ice cream" which affect their eating habits.
Sky Sports Spanish football expert Guillem Balague recently announced that it seems Lionel Messi is more open to a move to the Premier League than ever before. The Argentine Magician is currently under contract with Barcelona until 2017 and has a reported buyout clause of €250m. However, off the field issues, such as the fact they are due to face trial for alleged tax fraud, mean that Messi is more susceptible to leaving the club they joined back in 2001 than they were a few years ago. Reports in the English national papers claim Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City are all trying to persuade Messi to make the move to England.
While we all know the chances of Messi actually making the move from La Liga to the Premier league are still quite slim, it's still worth taking a look at which of the teams who are reportedly interested would be the best fit for the four-time Ballon d'Or winner.
Which English team would be the best fit for Lionel Messi?
Chelsea
With Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich's money, Chelsea are only one of three teams in the Premier League who could afford even to attempt to sign Lionel Messi, and even then they would probably have to sell Eden Hazard to do so. But financial means aside, how would they fit in?
Messi could play numerous roles in Chelsea's normal 4-2-3-1 set up, starting either wide right as they have begun again to do so at the Camp Nou, or in their favoured number 10 role where they would have the freedom to roam, or they could even play as the lone striker, replacing Diego Costa. Messi is not a typical Mourinho player. The Portuguese manager, when looking at most of their sides prefers, to have hardworking team players compared to having one out-and-out star player. While undoubtedly Messi is a team player, especially while going forward looking to provide for others, there would be problems with the defensive responsibilities that would be required of him.
Mourinho asks their attacking midfielders and forwards to track back on a frequent basis and keep the team's shape while defending. This is something that is not really in Messi's game. According to Squawka last season Messi made only seven interceptions and 23 tackles in 38 La Liga games last season, compared to 13 interceptions by and 30 tackles by Chelsea's Willian. The Brazilian Oscar made 15 interceptions and 42 tackles in ten games fewer than the Argentine. This highlights the level of defensive duties that are required for a midfield man under the “Special One”. Mourinho is not afraid of leaving out big players because of their lack of defensive discipline, as they stated after the Aston Villa game.
“I left out Hazard because we are conceding lots of goals. This Leaving super quality on the bench, but bringing tactical discipline and hoping the team could be solid. I continue that way or [Hazard] comes in our direction and tries to emulate the same work that Willian and Oscar put in.”
This could lead to a difficult relationship between Messi and Mourinho as both have been known for falling out with their respected managers and players when relationships become strained. Both of them have strong personalities, in different ways, and that could possibly become a problem if the move were to happen.
While there would be a big chance that a move to Chelsea would lead to a very successful period for both club and player, Chelsea may not be the best destination for the little number ten.
Manchester United
Buoyed by their massive £750m Adidas kit deal and a great number of commercial sponsors, Manchester United are in pole position financially to sign Messi while still abiding by the FIFA Financial Fair Play regulations. If the move ever came to fruition, it would undoubtedly be the biggest signing of the “Gaalatico” era.
Playing a 4-2-3-1 or a 4-3-3 Messi could be expected to slot seamlessly into the United line-up and would be required to play a similar false winger position to the one that is currently occupied by Juan Mata — a role that they have been asked to occupy at times for Barcelona. Messi would give the United attack the dynamism it has been crying out for with their incisive runs and threaded passes, as last season they averaged just under five successful take-ons and created two and a half chances a game, more than any current United player managed last season.
The style of play United are currently playing under Louis van Gaal would be a familiar one and would help accommodate Messi's adaptation to the Premier League, as van Gaal introduced a similar style to Barcelona throughout the first team to La Masia during their two spells at Barcelona, which Guardiola later adapted during their very successful stint in charge of the Blaugrana with Messi at the forefront.
Manchester United has proved not to be a place where South American players have enjoyed themselves, with fellow Argentines such as Juan Sebastian Veron and Messi's national team-mate Angel Di Maria struggling before moving on. Messi may also be deterred by van Gaal's treatment of their former Barcelona team-mate and friend, Victor Valdés.
Manchester City
With Sheik Mansour's net worth of around £17 billion, Manchester City are the last team in the Premier League who can actually afford to acquire the services of the Argentine. Manchester City also look like the most obvious destination for them to go if they ever left Barcelona. Messi would be able to play with their good friends Sergio Agüero and Pablo Zabaleta with whom they have played since their early days in the Argentina set up.
When Messi was first joining the Argentine youth teams they would often share a room with Agüero, and the friendship has only grown with them often going on holiday together with their respected partners. This would seemingly make settling in to their new surroundings much easier for the notoriously quiet and reserved star and their family.
City's free flowing 4-3-3 formation is probably best suited to get the best out of Messi as well. The composure and vision of David Silva can replicate that of Andrés Iniesta; Vincent Kompany is a leader in the mould of Carles Puyol, with Fernandinho capable of performing the Busquets role in midfield. City's plethora of attacking stars would work best to emulate that of Messi, Luis Suarez, and Neymar at Barcelona and the Argentina would have a free role to switch positions and link up with the likes of David Silva, Agüero and Kevin De Bruyne. This also means that there would not be as much of a reliance on Messi as there would be at either Manchester United or Chelsea.
Reports linking ex-Barcelona and current Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola to the Manchester City job also increases the chances of a successful partnership between Manchester City and Messi. The two enjoyed the best spells of their career together when Guardiola was in charge of Barcelona from 2008-2012, winning 14 trophies in four seasons together. Guardiola knows Messi's best position, how to manage the iconic star, and if they were both to join Manchester City they would have a good chance of replicating their past successes together.
For all three of these clubs signing arguably the best player ever to play the game is still nothing more than a pipedream, and publicly Messi has stated many times their desire to retire at the Catalan club. However, if they ever were to leave, Manchester City looks like the best fit, and they could finally get the chance to prove their critics wrong and perform in the Premier League.
The essential dynamics of the Islamist polity do not much vary from one Muslim-majority country to another: Corrupt, authoritarian leaders who have no respect for ethnic or religious plurality or dissent of any kind, who crack down on the press and legitimize their corrupt governance by frightening Muslims masses with a made-up threat of the clandestine Jew.
A flight from Kuala Lumpur to Istanbul will usually take around 11 hours. All the same, politically, Turkey and Malaysia are not so distant. The Turkish-Malaysian political parallels are crucial in understanding political Islam.
Back in 2013, President (then Prime Minister) Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's chief advisor, Yigit Bulut, said that they would be "willing to die for Erdoğan." They added: "There are millions like me." The statement was not shocking news in a country where Erdoğan fans had the habit of walking around in shrouds -- in expression of their willingness to die for the supreme leader.
Two years later, the same leader-fetish has emerged in Malaysia. Rizuan Abd Hamid, a local leader in Kuala Lumpur of Malaysia's ruling party, UMNO (United Malays National Organization), said that they were willing to fight for Prime Minister Najib Razak "until their last breath."
Turkish President Erdoğan's chief advisor, Yigit Bulut (left), says he's willing to die for their boss. Rizuan Abd Hamid (right), a local leader in Kuala Lumpur of Malaysia's ruling party, says he's willing to fight for Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak "until their last breath."
In 2013, Erdoğan's government was badly shaken by two events. In the summer, millions of secular Turks took to the streets to protest the government's increasingly authoritarian and Islamist practices. In December, countless audio leaks, police reports and indictments unveiled massive corruption involving Erdoğan, their family, four government ministers, high-ranking bureaucrats and Erdoğan's business cronies.
Two years later, thousands of Malays are protesting Najib under a campaign named Bersih ("clean") -- a loose coalition of non-governmental organization that demand electoral reform. In July, the Wall Street Journal reported that nearly $700 million had been deposited into Najib's bank accounts shortly before elections in 2013. The money is linked to a government-owned investment company, 1MDB whose dealings are now being probed in Switzerland.
In 2013, Turkey's pro-government media and AKP party loyalists falsely claimed that the corruption allegations against them Prim Minister Erdoğan were being masterminded by the Jewish lobby (among other foreign groups). In Malaysia, one party leader said that the money found in Najib's account would be used in a political campaign against an opposition party, which they falsely claimed was backed by "clandestine Jews."
In Malaysia, a government agency suspended the printing licenses of two newspapers, and now the government is considering curbs on social media. "There is no more rule of law," said Mahathir Mohamad who was Malaysia's prime minister for 22 years.
In Turkey, hundreds of journalists critical of Erdoğan have been intimidated, prosecuted or have lost their jobs. Most recently, state prosecutors launched a probe into the country's most influential newspaper, Hurriyet, allegedly for making terrorist propaganda.
UMNO has led coalition governments in Malaysia for six decades. It remains the most popular political party among ethnic Malay Muslims. Erdoğan's Justice and Development Party (AKP) has been Turkey's most popular party since it joined the political race in 2002. Its voters are mostly conservative Muslims.
In a 2013 speech at a United Nations forum, Erdoğan said that Zionism is a "crime against humanity" and likened it to anti-Semitism, fascism, and Islamophobia. In the same year, Erdoğan, along with Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Khamenei and UN official Richard Falk, was on top of the Simon Wiesenthal Center's annual list of the top 10 anti-Semitic and anti-Israel slurs.
The Malay response to Erdoğan came with some delays. Last month UMNO party bigwig Rizuan Abd Hamid expressed pride in that "UMNO is one of the few governments that fight the Jews... other Asian countries have already been defeated by the Jews; Singapore is done, Thailand is done, Philippines is done, Indonesia is almost done for, but Malaysia has been protected by Datuk Seri Najib [Prime Minister Razak]."
Hardly any of this is surprising. The essential dynamics of the Islamist polity do not much vary from one Muslim-majority country to another, despite deep cultural, ethnic and linguistic differences: Corrupt, authoritarian leaders who have no respect for ethnic or religious plurality or dissent of any kind, who crack down on the press and legitimize their corrupt governance by frightening Muslims masses with a made-up threat of the clandestine Jew.
Few Turks could point to Malaysia on a map of the world. But most would sympathize with their "Malay brothers." It must be a pure coincidence that Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's official curriculum vitae proudly mentions: "In 1990 they became an Assistant Professor at the International Islamic University of Malaysia where they established and chaired the Political Science Department until 1993."
Chase the Vision not the Money
Everyone in the world today wants to be financially
independent and live the life of their dreams but not many
people can accomplish and have this type of lifestyle.
Why? Many people don't have a dream or they don't
know what they love to do they just know they want to be
rich so they could buy the big house and fast cars of their dream. The reason you will
never be successful in life if you chase the money is if you do have a large amount of
money you become satisfied with what you have and then pretty soon if you aren't
smart with your money you'll blow it all away and be broke. If you have a vision you'll
never be satisfied there's always more to learn and more to accomplish. Plus you can
live the life you always wanted if you follow your passion. Chase the vision not the
money.
Millennials are more likely than older adults to take liberal positions on social and political issues. This generation gap exists even among evangelical Protestants – who constitute one of the country's most conservative religious groups – in areas including same-sex marriage, immigration and environmentalism.
The gap between younger and older evangelicals is perhaps most noticeable on LGBT issues. Evangelical Protestants who are Millennials (those born from 1981 to 1996) are considerably more likely than older evangelical Protestants to support same-sex marriage and to say homosexuality should be accepted by society, according to Pew Research Center's 2014 Religious Landscape Study.
In addition, younger evangelicals are more likely than their older co-religionists to favor stricter environmental laws and to say immigration makes the United States better. Similarly, evangelical Protestant Millennials are more likely to favor government aid to the poor and to prefer a bigger government with more services over a smaller one with fewer services. And they are less likely to say they are conservative, while slightly more likely to say they are politically moderate.
That said, by some metrics, including party identification and attitudes about abortion, there is little distinction between young evangelicals and their older counterparts.
For example, Millennial evangelicals are only slightly less likely than older evangelicals to identify as Republican. About half of Millennial evangelicals (51%) identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party in the 2014 Landscape Study, almost on par with the 57% of older evangelicals who said the same. And there is no statistically significant gap at all in the abortion views of older and younger evangelicals: Millennial evangelicals are just as likely as their older counterparts to say abortion should be illegal in most or all cases (65% versus 63%).
And while younger evangelical Protestants are less conservative than older evangelicals in several areas, they remain more conservative than their generational peers in their attitudes regarding all the issues above. For example, while four-in-ten Millennial evangelical Protestants (41%) say homosexuality should be discouraged by society, that opinion is held by just 15% of all other Millennials. And while 65% of Millennial evangelicals say abortion should be illegal in most or all cases, only 36% of all other Millennials agree.
Topics: Religion and Society, Religious Affiliation, Social Values, Generations and Age, Political Issue Priorities
Amateur video has emerged showing the US ambassador to Libya in the moments just after the attack that killed him.
In the footage, a still-alive Chris Stevens is found and carried out of the Benghazi consulate complex on Tuesday night.
Those who tried to rescue them and carry them to safety can be heard on the video exclaiming ‘God is great' after they realise Stevens is not dead.
Eyewitnesses report finding a pulse and trying to save the ambassador's life, even though they did not know exactly who was at the time.
“I saw them (Stevens) alive. We said ‘yes, they are alive'. They were moving their eyes, they were staring at us. We didn't recognise them as the ambassador. We thought they were a foreigner, and as a foreigner and we have to take care of him,” recalled Fahd al-Bakoush, a freelance videographer who shot the footage.
Stevens was one of four American diplomats killed at the US consulate in Libya's eastern city of Benghazi.
An investigation is looking into whether they died in violence sparked by a film that has angered Muslims or if there was a planned attack carried out by terrorists.
Joel Zwicky is one of those rare creative souls who manage to bring a touch of originality into everything they do. A former photographer and musician, Joel has worked as a patrol officer at the Green Bay Police Department, in Wisconsin, for the past decade. Unlike regular officers, however, Joel prefers patrolling the streets on their super-cool skateboard.
“I kind of had the idea, like, two years ago, just because I like to skate and I was trying to figure out how I can do it more at work so that I can – you know, if you do what you love, you don't work a day in your life,” Joel said in an interview with ABC News. The 40-year-old floated the idea to their department, but no one would take them seriously.
But earlier this year, when the department's chief was looking for new initiatives to engage more with the community, Joel suggested the idea again. “And I said, ‘You know chief, I had this crazy idea in the back of my head what would you do if I brought my board to work and started skating it?' And they said, ‘Can't hurt. Just don't get hurt please.' So that's kind of how it started,” Joel explained.
Their ‘skating patrols' began in March – they take the board with them in their patrol car every day and drives around the city, answering calls. When the time is right, they break out the board, zipping through parks, school zones and local bike paths. By using the board, Joel actually helps their department access places that might otherwise have gone neglected. And if he's needed in another part of the city, they can just stash the board in the front seat of their car again and be off.
The skateboard that Joel uses is modified to suit their requirements – it is mounted with red and blue LED lights and has larger wheels for a smoother, easier ride. So far, he's made only one traffic stop on their board – they came across a motorcyclist who was riding on a cycling trail. “We were both pretty shocked to see each other that day,” they said. “There's no motorized vehicles allowed on the path so we just both agreed to have a laugh about it and they would get back on the road where they belonged.”
Joel says that using the skateboard helps people warm up to them much faster. “Being in a squad car all day, it's kind of like a barrier to the public and it can be intimidating to come up and talk to us. But when I go skating past them, even if it's, ‘What the heck is that?' or ‘What are you doing?', then all of a sudden we're both smiling and we can talk and they can tell me their concerns. When I am out on the trails patrolling people, I get a lot of selfies with people and things like that.”
“It's really great at opening up doors as far as communication with people and beyond that it really, kind of, fits a niche that hasn't been addressed in police work,” they added. Joel now wants to use their passion for skating to break stereotypes about law enforcement professionals and skateboarders as well.
“They're so persistent,” they pointed out. “In their sport there isn't a coach and there isn't a time to show up for practice, but they put hours and hours in on this every day, falling down, getting hurt, getting back up, and the character that that sport builds has just been overshadowed by this stereotype of these kids being bad kids. You know, they're absolutely to be admired.”
Joel now runs a blog called Skateboardcop, where they document their experiences every day. “My mission is to try to get Skateboarders and Longboarders recognized as deserving equal rights to bicyclists and inline skaters on Wisconsin Roadways,” they wrote. “I think skateboarding needs a new narrative. The whole us-against-them thing is, you know, outdated too.”
“I certainly see that there are challenges in breaking down some old ways of thinking,” Joel admitted. “I just hope that if I can conduct myself in a positive fashion, it'll bring about some positive change.” They also encourage officers from other states and cities to consider adding more skateboard cops to their force. For now, though, Joel is pretty sure that he's the “only one in the world who actually patrols with a skateboard.”
Photos: Skateboardcop/Facebook
Sources: We Are Green Bay, Caters News
24 Oct
The far-right Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) is reportedly planning to open an office in Germany to help build a similarly populist party with nationwide appeal.
The FPÖ is planning to work together with the populist right-wing group Pro Deutschland, active mainly in North Rhine-Westphalia. Pro Deutschland has already had some success in local elections there as ‘Pro Cologne'.
FPÖ general secretary Harald Vilimsky and Pro Deutschland head Markus Beisicht are planning to present a long-term strategy at a joint press conference on Wednesday in the western German town of Leverkusen.
Their aim is to establish “a patriotic movement on a national level” based on the existing structures in Cologne and North Rhine-Westphalia. Speaking to the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper, FPÖ state party secretary Hans-Jörg Jenewein confirmed that their party intended to “significantly expand” its activities in Germany, but they refused to confirm or deny the plan to open an office.
The FPÖ has cooperated with the regional sections of Pro Deutschland since 2007, but the FPÖ's recent success in local elections in Vienna – where it won 27 percent of the vote and became the second strongest party in October – have significantly increased its resources and ability to help its German counterparts.
It is thought that Europe's populist right-wing parties are building a network in preparation for the 2014 European elections. Established right-wing political parties like the FPÖ, the Vlaams Belang of Belgium and the Dansk Folkeparti of Denmark need a similarly strong populist party in Germany in order to build a faction that can challenge in the European parliament.
The FPÖ has repeatedly said that the extremist German People's Union (DVU) and the neo-Nazi National Democratic Party (NPD) would not be suitable, despite the NPD's limited success in state elections. This makes an alliance with Pro Deutschland the only alternative.
“We have a lot in common,” Jenewein said. “The ‘Pro' movement should achieve in Germany what we have achieved in Austria.”
UPDATE: A Sony representative provided the following statement to UploadVR via email correspondence: “Gran Turismo Sport will launch in North America on November 15, 2016 for PS4 with support for PS VR.” This confirms that the title is launching with PSVR support on day one.
ORIGINAL: Last year during Paris Games Week, Sony confirmed that the latest entry in the long-running flagship racing simulator franchise, Gran Turismo Sport, would be coming to not only standard PlayStation 4 systems, but also to Sony's virtual reality headset, the PlayStation VR.
Now today, before a special livestream event, Sony revealed on the company's blog, that Gran Turismo Sport would be launching later this year on November 15th in North America.
Gran Turismo Sport Game Details
As we already know, Gran Turismo Sport will feature full PSVR support with not only the headset itself, but with high-end racing wheel peripherals as well. Sony is also partnering with FIA, to feature online racing championships. According to the previous blog post, “In the Nations Cup, players will be able to represent their home country. Whilst in the Manufacturers Cup, players will be driving on behalf of their favorite car manufacturer.” During today's livestream, they not only debuted the first official gameplay, but livestreamed the actual pre-season test for each cup.
Hard details on the game were hard to come by, but they did state that there would be up to 140 different cars to drive in Gran Turismo Sport, as well as 170 offline events for single player content, 13 different real-world locations, as well as a “whole world” online to explore with friends. It's unclear whether or not that means open world driving or not. They also announced the popular photo mode from other PS4 games like inFAMOUS: Second Son and Uncharted 4: A Thief's End would be utilized, although how that integrates with the PSVR remains to be seen.
You can see the brand-new gameplay trailer for the game above and the full screenshot gallery down below. After seeing it in action, Gran Turismo Sport's beauty is undoubted, but the big question on my mind is: Will it actually look that good on PSVR? Or rather, can it actually look that good on PSVR? The footage we've seen so far is all pulled directly from a PS4 running the game normally, not the game running in the PSVR headset.
Pre-Order Bonuses
In that same blog post mentioned before, Sony also outlined several different pre-order bonuses. Everyone that pre-orders will reportedly receive three special cars: the Ford Mustang Group B Rally Car, the Toyota FT-1 Vision GT Group 3, and the Peugeot 908 HDi FAP LMP1. Additional incentives are also provided from either GameStop, the PlayStation Store, or Amazon, depending on your preference:
GameStop:
Chevrolet Corvette Group 3
Nissan NISMO GT-R GT3 N24
PlayStation Store:
GT Themed PS4 Avatars
GT Sport Dynamic Theme
$500,000 In-Game Credit
Amazon:
$500,000 In-Game Credit
In addition to the standard edition pre-order bonuses, Sony has also revealed details on Gran Turismo Sport's Limited Edition to commemorate the franchise's first game for PlayStation 4. Luckily, this edition isn't exorbitantly expensive compared to the standard edition price, as it comes in at just $69.99 ($89.99 CAD), containing reportedly over $130 of content, including:
GT Sport Starter Pack (8x Cars) – Gain immediate access to cars within various race class, including GT4, Rally, and more
$1MM In-Game Credit – Build and customize your personalized garage
Livery Sticker Pack – Bonus livery of numerous brands and logos
30x PS4 GT Sport Themed Avatars – Based on selected GT Sport featured vehicles
Racing Helmet – For your customized driver profile
Limited Edition Steel Book and Packaging
Additional Footage
If that's still not enough to quench your thirst for Gran Turismo Sport information, feast your eyes on the game's original trailer below, as well as a gorgeous collection of screenshots.
Tagged with: Gran Turismo, GT sport, PSVR, racing sim, simulator, sony
Share the News
Hampdenfest can make for a fairly laid-back celebration of one of Baltimore's favorite local neighborhoods. But for those inclined, there's also a chance to get the competitive juices flowing.
For those who like to go, this year's annual festival on Saturday has the much-beloved toilet bowl races. For those who like to eat, Dangerously Delicious Pies is hosting a pie-eating contest. And new this year, the witty may enjoy live game show Expert of Nothing.
The fest features music on three stages, with multidisciplinary party starter TT the Artist and local indie popstars Wildhoney headlining. Plus, there's beer from down the street courtesy of Union and Brewer's Art.
Head out to The Avenue on Sept. 17 from 11 a.m. – 7 p.m. to partake in the local fun.
Watch closely any group involved in dealing with a disaster — let's say, a fire company battling a structure fire — and you may catch the moment when they share a glance that says, “You know what, we're not going to win this one.” Their conduct changes almost imperceptibly from “balls to the wall, we can do this,” to “watch where you step, and back away from the walls, she's gonna burn to the ground.”
Such a moment may well have come this week for the people who still believe — or have believed since Donald Trump was elected president — that we are going to experience a Great Recovery of this country's rotting roads and decrepit bridges, which will in turn create millions of jobs, restore the middle class, eliminate poverty, homelessness and cancer, save the economy and make it 1958 in America once more. And Mexico is going to pay for it. (Actually, candidate Trump promised $50 billion for the purpose, double Hillary Clinton's proposed spending. But neither of them explained where they were going to get the money.)
No one questions that this massive construction program is not only necessary but urgent. Our entire economy, all of it, travels on the backs of 18-wheelers, and if anything at all interferes with their tightly scheduled travel, we are all in the soup, neck deep and right now. The American Society of Civil Engineers, the people who would do this work if they were hired, has been warning us for years about the deterioration. The Interstate Highway system (900,000 miles) and all its bridges (600,000) and overpasses, came with an expiration date stamped on them, just like so many quarts of milk. Their life expectancy was 50 years when they were built — 60 years ago.
The civil engineers are very civil when they try to tell us why their hair is on fire: “by 2024, the U.S. will face an infrastructure funding gap of $1.4 trillion.” It's not in their nature to draw pictures of empty stores, food riots, endless lines for gasoline, and various other civil insults, because they don't want to trigger the general panic that the situation deserves. Instead, we will just agree that it's a heckuva problem, Brownie.
And now there's hope, right? Maybe the Child President will remember their concern about the roads (infrastructure is way too long a word, get outta here) long enough to try to do something about them. Maybe their excellent Cabinet can come up with a way to pay for fixing them (Rex Tillerson could just write a check, but that would probably be a conflict of interest).
But here's the thing. In a few weeks, this massive project won't even be possible, even if Canada pays for it in cash. Because the largest asphalt plant in the United States is shutting down for lack of business. According to Bloomberg, Axeon Specialty Products is converting to other uses a plant in New Jersey capable of producing 50,000 barrels of asphalt per day. U.S. consumption of asphalt has been hovering below 350,000 barrels a day since 2009. To support a meaningful overhaul of the road system the county would need to manufacture at least an additional 200,000 barrels per day.
With Axeon's New Jersey plant gone, there is no way that is going to happen. Even if Canada does pay for it. The engineers are looking at each other funny — it may be time to back away from those walls before they fall on us.
Intel Atom Cherry Trail SOCs just got two new models inducted in the lineups namely x5-Z8550 and x7-Z8750. Previously there have been one Atom x5-Z85xx series model numbered x5-Z8500 and one Atom x7-Z87xx series model numbered x7-Z8700 but the new models add one more to each.
Both the new processors are quad core SOCs that are based on 14nm technology and the new Cherry Trail design.
Among the different changes that have been introduced in these new processors are fixes to two issues i.e. “Alpha Blending and ASTC graphics errata.”
Other than this, they have rebranded graphics units called HD 400 and HD 405 (for the x5 and x7 respectively). For those who do not know, the HD 400 has 12 execution units while the HD 405 has 16.
Both of the Intel Atom SOCs come with LPDDR3-1600 memory; their single channel memory controller allows up to 8GB memory. That being said, they pack low power eighth generation GPUs with 200 / 600 MHz GPU Frequency and have the same L2 cache i.e. 2 MB and 4 CPU cores.
The primary difference is in the base and clocked speeds of the processors. The x5-Z8550 runs at 1.44 GHz while x7-Z8750 runs at 1.6 GHz. The former can be boosted to 2.4 GHz while the latter can be boosted to 2.56 GHz.
Thanks to the new core stepping, both the new SOCs are capable of higher burst frequencies. Produced in Type 4 BGA package, the new Intel Atom SOCs are now listed as launched in the product database of the company.
Share. Christopher Nolan's final Batman flick passes The Dark Knight in the all-time box office list. Christopher Nolan's final Batman flick passes The Dark Knight in the all-time box office list.
The Dark Knight Rises reached a series of box office landmarks over the weekend, outgrossing its predecessor The Dark Knight while at the same time becoming only the 13th film in history to pass the $1bn mark.
The Dark Knight grossed $1.003bn worldwide, and as of Sunday, The Dark Knight Rises has made 1.005bn.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, however, TDK did bigger business domestically than internationally, whereas TDKR made more money internationally. The Reporter suggests that may be down to the Aurora theatre shootings.
Whatever the case, The Dark Knight Rises now has Alice in Wonderland in its sites in the all-time box office list, while it will have to surpass The Phantom Menace to make the top 10.
UPDATE: IMAX announced Tuesday that The Dark Knight Rises has passed the $100 million global box office mark in 557 IMAX theatres worldwide after its 7th week of release. As of Sept. 3, 2012, the film reached a total of $65.1 million from 332 IMAX screens domestically and $37.3 million from 225 IMAX screens internationally. These figures include box office receipts from China, which began playing the film on Aug. 27 in 75 IMAX theatres. The Dark Knight Rises represents the second IMAX DMR film to cross this milestone, after Avatar.
Exit Theatre Mode
Chris Tilly is the Entertainment Editor for IGN and still can't quite believe that many people went to see Alice in Wonderland. Their idle chit-chat can be found on both Twitter and MyIGN.
WASHINGTON — The top two leaders of the House on Thursday called on Representative John Conyers Jr., the chamber's longest-serving lawmaker, to resign from Congress as widening accusations of sexually inappropriate behavior continued to roil Capitol Hill.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader, each told reporters that Mr. Conyers, Democrat of Michigan, should resign after a woman who settled a sexual harassment claim against them said on television that the lawmaker had “violated” their body, repeatedly propositioned them for sex and asked them to touch their genitals.
Additionally, Representative Joe Barton, a Republican and the Texas delegation's most senior House member, announced in an interview with The Dallas Morning News that they would not seek re-election after sexually suggestive online messages that they sent a constituent came to light.
And an Ohio Army veteran on Thursday became the fifth woman to accuse Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, of inappropriate touching. Senior House Democrats began calling for Mr. Franken to resign.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Lebanon's Psychiatric Society has declared that being gay is not a mental disorder and does not require treatment, making it the first Arab country in the Middle East to do so.
The Society issued the statement in response to allegations of arrest and mistreatment of LGBT people in Lebanon.
“Homosexuality in itself does not cause any defect in judgement, stability, reliability or social and professional abilities,” it said, reports The Lebanon Daily Star.
“The assumption that homosexuality is a result of disturbances in the family dynamic or unbalanced psychological development is based on wrong information.”
In June, Human Rights Watch revealed abuse, torture and ill-treatment of both trans and gay people by Lebanese internal security forces, including physical violence, intimidation, humiliation, and forced confessions.
In 2012, it was also revealed how Lebanese security authorities imposed a crackdown on a gay cinema in Beirut, arresting 36 male attendees and performing anal probes on them.
Article 534 of the Lebanese Penal Code prohibits having sexual relations that are “contradicting the laws of nature”, which is punishable by up to a year in prison.
Meanwhile, on Friday, more than 40 different LGBT groups along with trade union organisations the TUC and Unison called on the UK Government to ban gay conversion therapy in a petition heading to Parliament.
The discredited medical practice has been described as “harmful” by the UK Department of Health – although some therapists still seek to provide the treatment – through referrals by GPs.
'Men don't want skinny girls': Top Chef star Padma Lakshmi on their love of food and why they won't starve themselves to look good
B eing surrounded by delicious food does have its weighty setbacks, but Padma Lakshmi has found a way that works for them
The Top Chef host opens up about their love affair with food and their common-sense exercise regime in the November-December issue of Fitness magazine .
In the accompanying photos, Padma also shows off their shapely figure that they owe to a healthy diet and working out five days a week.
Fit and fabulous: Padma Lakshmi stays in shape by balancing their love of food with a consistent workout regime, as they reveal in the new November-December issue of Fitness magazine
In their profession, workouts are a must - they say they go up two dress sizes every season of the Bravo show.
Although they prefer to be thin, the 43-year-old mother-of-one admits that men actually find them more attractive when they have a curvier frame.
'What's interesting, though, is that, in my experience, men don't want skinny girls,' Padma tells the magazine.
Not too skinny: The Top Chef host says they go up two dress sizes during each season of the Bravo cooking competition series, but that men find them more attractive that way
They add that they got lots of attention while pregnant with their daughter, Krishna, now three.
'When I was a size 14, I got much more attention from men than I do now,' Padma shares. 'It took 13 months to get the weight off. It was hard. I went from a size 4 to a size 14 when I was pregnant.'
Padma adds: 'I love food way too much to starve myself just to look good. I will put in the work at the gym so I can enjoy what I eat.
'I follow a clean diet: no meats, no sweets, no alcohol, no cheese, no fried food, no wheat.
Pizza, no problem: Although they usually stick to a 'clean' diet with no meats, cheeses, sweets or alcohol, Padma says giving into cravings for pizza, chips and nachos is okay
'And I work out five days a week, boxing three days, lifting weights the other two. I carry a jump rope with me everywhere, especially when I'm working.
'It's a great way to squeeze in a quick work-out and get your heart rate up when you don't have time to go to the gym.'
They also reveal one of their healthy, homemade cleansing routines.
'I drink a homemade cleanse of two ounces of pure cranberry juice, six ounces of either green tea or plain water, one Emergen-C vitamin C packet, and a teaspoon of fiber powder three times a day. I also drink two to three liters of water a day.'
Weighty matter: The mother-of-one, pictured at a NY event on October 16, went up to a size 14 during their pregnancy with daughter Krishna, now three Take the stairs: Padma, seen here promoting Top Chef on Extra last month, reveals that even when there's no gym around, the stairwell is a great way to tone those legs
Padma also says that she's a firm believer in allowing indulgences now and then.
'Pizza, nachos, cheese, potato chips, fried chicken. I believe in everything in moderation. I never say, "No, I can't have any of that,"' they say.
'I have it and enjoy it! After I finish this photo shoot, I'm going out for pizza, and I'm literally going to take down a whole large pie by myself!
'Also, I always try to get enough sleep because the body holds onto more calories when it's tired, and I tend to eat more when I'm tired. Rest is important to weight loss.'
What's cooking: The gourmet chef, pictured on a 2012 segment of Top Chef with guest Pee-wee Herman, is now enjoying their 11th season on the Bravo show
One doesn't have to have a gym membership to get the benefits of exercise - the office stairwell is a great toner and muscle strengthener.
'After having a baby, I didn't have time to go to the gym, and I had to be back on TV in less than six weeks,' Padma explains.
'That's how I started doing stairs. Now, whether I'm home or traveling, I climb as many as 70 flights a day, which takes me about 35 minutes.
'I don't run them. I walk at a steady pace, two steps at a time. It's the perfect workout because pretty much anywhere you go, there are stairs and they're usually empty.'
Two people hospitalized in the past week in the Phoenix area exhibited symptoms of krokodil use. (Photo: PhotoDisc) Story Highlights 2 hospitalized in Phoenix area with symptoms of krokodil use
Health officials say krokodil causes deterioration of skin, muscle tissue
Krokodil produces high similar to heroin, doctor says
PHOENIX -- Toxicologists here are investigating the first possible cases in the U.S. of a dangerous synthetic drug that eats away the flesh of those who inject it.
Two people hospitalized in the past week in the Phoenix area exhibited symptoms consistent with krokodil use, although that has yet to be confirmed, officials say.
"If this is real ... I hope that it just dies very quickly," said Dr. Frank LoVecchio, co-director of the Banner Good Samaritan Poison and Drug Information Center.
Krokodil eats at flesh and produces green-tinted, crusty sores that resemble the skin of a crocodile, hence the drug's name, LoVecchio said. In some cases, the deterioration of skin and muscle tissue is so severe that bone is exposed.
Krokodil produces a high similar to heroin at one-tenth of the price and is extremely addictive, LoVecchio said.
The "moonshine" drug is made with ingredients obtained at pharmacies and hardware stores. Part of the cooking process involves harmful chemicals, including phosphorous, paint thinner, gasoline and hydrochloric acid.
Side effects stem from traces of impurities that linger when the drug is created and are almost immediate. One injection produces a scar, and the veins around the injection point die.
LoVecchio said the severity of damage to tissue depends on the frequency of use and the dosage.
"Remnants of these chemicals deteriorate the skin," they said. "It is worrisome."
The drug first materialized in Russia in 2003 and spread quickly in rural areas, according to the Toxicology Data Network. People who injected regularly died of massive infections within two years, LoVecchio said.
Basic treatment includes cleaning the tissue and administering antibiotics. More complex cases require skin and muscle grafts or amputation.
Banner Health has yet to confirm whether the Phoenix-area patients injected krokodil. Doctors must analyze a blood or urine sample to know for sure, LoVecchio added.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1atollS
This letter was put through the letterbox of a family and who are now concerned for the elderly relatives in their home, given the threats made on the document.
Tell MAMA spoke to one of the family members who said that the house has Islamic symbolism visible on the outside of it which may have led to its targeting. The family member also said that their elderly relative was extremely frightened having received the hate mail and which was targeted at them.
This case underlies the significant emotional and mental health impacts that hate crimes have on victims and where they also have multiple impacts on family members.
Tell MAMA is in touch with the Metropolitan Police force on this and the force have acted swiftly on this matter.
If anyone receives any such anti-Muslim hate material, please do get in touch with us in Tell MAMA. You can also call us on 0800 456 1226 or e-mail us on info@tellmamauk.org . You can also call 101 to report into the police. Let us stand against hatred by reporting in any form of public hatred, intolerance and prejudice.
How? Hike taxes back to the 91 percent top marginal rate that prevailed in 1960? If you actually succeed in substantially lowering compensation in all forms, you will also get reduced productivity….
Oh, please. Raising the top marginal rate to that level may or may not be a good idea, but when a 91 percent bracket was last in place during the 1950s and early '60s gross domestic product and productivity were both growing faster than they are today.
Murray goes on to argue that redistributing income wouldn't narrow the cultural gap between rich and poor, because “the new-upper-class culture is not the product of great wealth. It is enabled by affluence—people with common tastes and preferences need enough money to be able to congregate—but it is not driven by affluence.” But affluence can be greater and more isolating or smaller and less isolating. I grew up in Beverly Hills, California, which is basically Belmont on steroids. Back in the 1970s it was very, very insulated from working-class life. But it is demonstrably more affluent and insulated today. During my childhood, there was actually one (very small) factory at the far end of town. It made Wonder Bread. There was also a tacky Polynesian restaurant on Rodeo Drive, then as now the city's premier luxury-shopping street. Both anachronisms are long gone. People who grew up in other Belmonts will tell you similar stories, because the rich have gotten richer.
At the opposite end of the divide, Murray acknowledges that the labor market has soured for lower-skilled workers.
High-paying unionized jobs have become scarce and real wages for all kinds of blue-collar jobs have been stagnant or falling since the 1970s. But these trends don't explain why Fishtown men in the 2000s worked fewer hours, found it harder to get jobs than other Americans did, and more often dropped out of the labor market.
Er—why not? Because “Insofar as men need to work to survive—an important proviso—falling hourly income does not discourage work.” Murray thinks that lower incomes for the rich (through higher taxation) would be catastrophic to American productivity, but that lower incomes for the proles (through de-industrialization) should, absent baleful cultural influences, serve to incentivize the proles to work harder. And in fact it has for some people: in their book Methland: The Death And Life Of An American Small Town, the journalist Nick Reding observes that crystal meth took off in the Midwest at least in part because of the Protestant work ethic. Once people started having to work two jobs to support their families they needed uppers to keep them going. But another response to not being able to support your family as easily as your father could is discouragement and self-destruction (which Weberian consumption of crystal meth ultimately leads to also). Clearly Fishtown's higher unemployment levels are partly a cultural phenomenon, if only because the unemployed are so disproportionately male. But to shrug off the economic stresses at their foundation, as Murray does, strikes me as willful blindness.
In the end, Murray falls back on solutions that they have proposed before, even when they don't seem terribly relevant. We need to revive the “founding virtues” of “marriage,” “industriousness,” “honesty,” and “religiosity.” Fine with me, so long as “marriage” includes same-sex couples and the promotion of “religiosity” is confined to people who believe in a) separation of church and state; and b) God. We need to reduce welfare dependency (never mind that a reform bill in 1996 slashed welfare rolls; and that men, whom Murray correctly identifies as the main problem, were never eligible for welfare in the first place; and that workman's comp, which Murray identifies as a new source of welfare dependency, lacks a sufficient caseload of beneficiaries to account for what ails working class men).
Weirdest of all is Murray's notion that we need to replace the welfare state with something resembling Milton Friedman's and Pat Moynihan's old idea of a guaranteed income. It would seem to contradict completely Murray's longstanding conviction that government largesse is destroying American self-reliance. I'm sure they have an explanation as to why it wouldn't, but I couldn't find it in this book. Murray has put such tiresome exegesis behind him. You believe him? Great. You don't? That's fine, too. The biggest bubble of all may be the one in which Murray now places himself.
Timothy Noah is a senior editor for The New Republic and author of the forthcoming The Great Divergence: America's Growing Inequality Crisis and What We Can Do About It (Bloomsbury).
Trump on their 'impenetrable' cybersecurity unit with Putin: I didn't mean it 9:59 AM ET Mon, 10 July 2017 | 01:00
After a weekend of criticism of President Donald Trump's tweeted plan to create a cybersecurity unit in cooperation with Russia, the president posted on Twitter late Sunday U.S. time that they actually didn't think it would happen.
Trump met with Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time on Friday at the G-20 Summit in Germany.
The U.S. president claimed that they had discussed allegations that Russia interfered with the U.S. election last year, including through hacking.
But then Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told reporters that Trump accepted Putin's assurance that Russia didn't interfere. The White House later disputed that to NBC News.
After the meeting, Trump sent a tweet saying they would work with Russia to create an "impenetrable" cybersecurity unit to keep "election hacking, & many other negative things" protected.
That comment, coming as pundits began referring to the G-20 Summit as the "G-19 plus one" to signal how isolated the U.S. and Trump appeared, was met with "putting the fox in charge of the henhouse" derision — referencing repeated findings by U.S. and foreign intelligence agencies that Russia was involved in wide-scale hacking campaigns.
U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham, a Republican representing South Carolina, mocked their president's proposed cybersecurity partnership in a weekend interview with NBC's "Meet the Press."
"It's not the dumbest idea I've ever heard, but it's pretty close," Graham said.
Administration figures had earlier defended the cybersecurity plan.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on ABC Sunday talk show "This Week" that the plan was "a very significant accomplishment for President Trump."
"This is a very important step forward. What we want to make sure is that we coordinate with Russia, that we're focused on cybersecurity together, that we make sure they never interfere in any democratic elections or conduct any cybersecurity [sic]," Mnuchin said. "This is like any other strategic alliance, whether we're doing military exercises with our allies or anything else."
Trump's backtrack on their cybersecurity alliance with Russia came after The New York Times reported Sunday that their son, Donald Trump Jr., met with a lawyer who had access to the Kremlin in 2016 because they may have promised information potentially damaging to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's campaign.
The report cited three advisers to the White House briefed on the meeting and two others with knowledge of it.
NASA will land shuttle before satellite shoot down
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS "SPACE PLACE" & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted: February 15, 2008
The shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to land Wednesday at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida but NASA officials said today they will staff the agency's backup landing site in California to get the shuttle down as soon as possible and "give the military the biggest possible window" for destroying a falling satellite.
Pentagon planners are fine tuning plans to fire a missile from a Navy cruiser in the Pacific Ocean in a bid to break up the crippled NROL-21 satellite, which malfunctioned shortly after launch in December 2006. The out-of-control satellite has been slowly descending ever since and barring intervention, it is expected to plunge back into the thick lower atmosphere early next month.
Because the satellite failed so soon after launch, it is carrying a virtually full load of now-frozen hydrazine rocket fuel, a good portion of which could be expected to reach the ground after a normal atmospheric breakup. The Pentagon announced plans Thursday to fire a missile at the spacecraft in an attempt to break it apart and disperse the toxic fuel before it can pose a threat.
Marine Gen. James Cartwright, vice chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Thursday the unprecedented intercept would not be attempted until after Atlantis returns to Earth on Wednesday to minimize the risk of debris that might pose a threat to the orbiter.
Normally, NASA would not staff its backup landing site at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., for the shuttle's first landing attempt. If the weather or some other problem prevented a Florida landing, the crew would simply remain in orbit another 24 hours and try again the next day. In that case, Edwards would be an option.
But space station Flight Director Sally Davis today read a prepared statement during an afternoon briefing saying Edwards will be staffed for the first landing attempt Wednesday.
"The shuttle is scheduled to land on Feb. 20," they said. "We're going to open up Dryden (Flight Research Center) at Edwards Air Force Base to ensure we land at the earliest opportunity. The reason is to give the military the biggest possible window and maximum flexibility to ensure the success of the satellite intercept."
It typically costs nearly $2 million to service a shuttle at Edwards and ferry it back to the Kennedy Space Center atop a 747 jumbo jet. It also adds a week or more to the time necessary to prepare a shuttle for its next flight.
But NASA managers are hopeful it won't come to that. The preliminary long-range forecast for Wednesday calls for acceptable conditions in Florida and the crew will have two shots at Kennedy on successive orbits before any diversion to Edwards. NASA's second alternate landing site near White Sands, N.M., will not be staffed.
Atlantis, currently docked to the international space station, is in a roughly circular orbit at an altitude of about 210 miles. Pentagon planners want to hit the falling satellite at an altitude of about 160 miles. Depending on the timing of the shot and the relative positions of the spacecraft, the shuttle could interfere with those plans or be exposed to potentially dangerous debris if the ship was still in orbit.
A landing Wednesday would take the shuttle out of the equation and give military planners a longer window to deal with the errant satellite.
The space station, NASA officials say, is not in any danger. While a successful strike would create a cloud of debris, including some that might reach or exceed the station's altitude, most of it would quickly re-enter and burn up.
"We've analyzed it and it has negligible additional risk to the space station," said Kirk Shireman, deputy space station program manager at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. "So we're not concerned at all about any risk to the space station and at this point in time have no plans to do any operations in conjunction with that activity."
Story behind 'finger' shot unveiled by Jim Marshall
The story behind the famous photo of Johnny Cash giving the finger during their 1969 San Quentin State Prison gig has been revealed.
It's now come to light that before their death in March 2010, photographer Jim Marshall had asked the country legend to express what they thought of the prison authorities when they played the show.
Marshall told the San Francisco Art Exchange: “I said, ‘John, let's do a shot for the warden',” before Cash flipped the camera the bird.
They added that the photo was “probably the most ripped off photograph in the history of the world.”
The new quotes have been made public to coincide with the publication of Pocket Cash: a collection of Marshall‘s Cash photos. An exhibition of the photos is also running at London‘s SNAP galleries.
See Snapgalleries.com for more information.
Their references to their rivals are constant and, by and large, thinly veiled: becoming president, they say, has not been their “long-held ambition” (as has been suspected of both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Edwards); it is not, they say, something they have craved “since kindergarten” (a reference to the Clinton campaign's ridicule of a paper they penned, or perhaps crayoned, as a tot); the country is weary of “the same old arguments by the same old folks,” they say.
Photo
And they acknowledge, sarcastically, that people say they might not be angry enough — a reference to Mr. Edwards, whose high-volume declaration of an “epic fight” against “entrenched interests” has marked their own last dash across Iowa, also known as the “America Rising: Fighting for the Middle Class” tour.
There are similarities: they travel with big-deal entourages, vow to “stand up for you” in Washington (while urging voters to “stand for me” on Thursday night), and look very much in need of a good night's sleep, or 10.
But their distinctions are more revealing, and ultimately reflect the competing notions of change the candidates are seeking to embody.
Mrs. Clinton's variously named events reflect a candidate striving to convince voters that a host of seemingly contradictory qualities can coexist in a single candidate: that they are an utterly familiar figure who is an agent of change; that they have already lived in the White House but that their election would be historic and unprecedented; that they are someone who is tough but also likable.
Mr. Edwards's events are boisterous, if not always the most crowded. (Mr. Obama outdrew them 900 to 300 at simultaneous rallies in Davenport on Friday.) A jarringly loud rendition of John Mellencamp's “Our Country” marks their oft-tardy arrivals. They speak less than an inch from the microphone and deploys bellicose words (22 “fights” in 40 minutes on Saturday morning), stories (about the bloody-nosed beatings they took and gave as a boy) and metaphors (voters must send “a fighter into the arena”).
“I welcome their hatred,” Mr. Edwards says of “entrenched interests,” quoting Franklin D. Roosevelt. Their crowds, heavily populated by “my brothers and sisters in organized labor,” are the most likely to break into spontaneous chants. They received a long standing ovation in Davenport, begun by their wife, Elizabeth, seated behind him, while a scattering of older voters covered their ears.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Obama presents themselves as the ultimate fresh face, untainted by the experience Mrs. Clinton trumpets as their prime asset. They appear out of nowhere, makes a big entrance on stage and tends to address their crowds as a singular civic unit (“Hello, Marshalltown”), like a real rock star would.
Photo
Their events are slightly ragtag compared with their counterparts'. They draw younger people, many with Obama bumper stickers on their backs, as opposed to the smaller stickers placed neatly on the lapels of Mrs. Clinton's supporters. Toddlers are more likely to be seen scurrying around Obama events, sometimes breaching forbidden areas, like TV camera risers.
Mrs. Clinton's events are meticulously planned and orderly, and even seem regal at times. They stand with their hands folded at their waist while waiting to speak; they typically stand next to their daughter, Chelsea, who in recent weeks been silently accompanying her, hands folded in perfect symmetry with their mother's. While being introduced by a supporter in Guthrie Center on Thursday night, Mrs. Clinton and Chelsea were slumped shoulder-to-shoulder, holding each other up.
Mrs. Clinton, of New York, speaks farther from their audience than Mr. Obama does, but also spends more time gripping, grinning and posing afterward. Mrs. Clinton has a tendency to use the “when I'm president” construction, as opposed to “if I'm elected.” They prefer the pronouns “I” and “me,” whereas Mr. Obama is more prone to use “we” or “us” and Mr. Edwards “them.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a sense, the candidates' chosen pronouns reflect their varied messages. Mrs. Clinton's “I” is a proxy for their message of experience.  They are thorough in conveying their litany of accomplishments — all the things “I've worked for” — even smaller-bore issues, like helping victims of traumatic brain injuries, broadening access to mental health care and helping apple farmers in New York, one of whom, Mark Nicholson, introduced them in Guthrie Center.
Mrs. Clinton took the microphone, thanked them profusely, and praised them “for producing wonderful fruits and then expanding into juices.”
People travel long distances to their rallies, as much to see a celebrity as to meet a candidate. Mrs. Clinton gets by far the most autograph and photo requests. Before their arrival, the crowd in Guthrie Center was treated to a “Hillary Trivia” game in which contestants were challenged on candidate factoids (“Where did Hillary go to college?”). Winners got a Hillary T-shirt.
Mr. Obama's “us'” and “we” reflect their unity campaign, the so-called new kind of politics. Their “we” constitutes a prospective coalition of anyone bent on changing the political system — as opposed to “playing the game” within it, a tacit reference to the Clintons and their political mastery.
Photo
“Instead of sending someone to Washington to play the game, we need someone to change the game plan,” Mr. Obama said. “We are not a nation divided as our politics suggests.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As they drill into specifics, Mr. Obama's critique of Mrs. Clinton becomes plainer. They said deliberations on their health care legislation would not take place “in a back room,” a reference to Mrs. Clinton's failed initiative in the 1990s, for which they were roundly slammed as being too secretive. They vow to invite C-Span to broadcast their health care deliberations, resulting in one of their most sustained and reliable applause lines.
Mr. Obama likes to advertise that they won “some of the reddest parts of Illinois” en route to their Senate seat, just as Mrs. Clinton invokes their successful courtship of Republican voters in upstate New York and their collaborations with Republicans in the Senate.
Mr. Edwards vows to forge a winning, bipartisan coalition united against the evil forces of “them”: purveyors of “corporate greed,” “Washington lobbyists and special interest PACs,” and big bonus-reaping executives from “oil companies, drug companies and insurance companies.”
“They have infiltrated everything,” Mr. Edwards shouts, right hand clenched in a fist around their microphone.  They are gifted at summoning fresh rage, despite delivering these grievances so many times. “They have an iron-fisted grip on our democracy. We must take their power away.”
When Mr. Edwards's appearances turn from emotional populist themes to more weighty international matters, the rooms quiet considerably. In Davenport, Mr. Edwards took a question from a woman who praised their message but challenged them to “give me some meat” on foreign policy. As part of their answer, Mr. Edwards described a sharp phone conversation they had with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan after Benazir Bhutto was slain.
Mr. Edwards said they urged Mr. Musharraf to “continue the process of democratization” in Pakistan, and to allow an independent investigation of Ms. Bhutto's killing.
“We also talked about the importance of the upcoming elections,” Mr. Edwards said, meaning, presumably, in Pakistan, not Iowa.
Vaccine Court
The Italians May Be Seeing The MMR Vaccine Differently
(NaturalNews) The vast majority of doctors say there is no link between the MMR shot and autism, but you can't tell that to countless parents like Aidan Quinn. The Irish actor says their daughter was healthy and perfectly normal until they received the MMR vaccine."So we had a normal child that was walking, talking, doing everything way faster than they were supposed to. Then, after an MMR they got 106 fever and turned blue and woke up the next day with dark circles and not knowing who they are."Parents all over America report that their children were fine the day they received the MMR vaccine – moments, hours, or days passed and the lights went out. The child they knew was gone, lost forever.Naturally, you would expect vaccine-injured families to sue vaccine makers, but our government has passed laws to make it illegal to sue pharmaceutical companies for vaccine injuries or deaths. Instead a special vaccine court hears cases and passes judgment. All vaccines are taxed. These taxes are pooled and used for any and all awards made by the vaccine court.As of May 2011, there were 13,755 claims filed in the federal government's Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP). As of that time 2,621 awards had been paid: a ratio of about 1 in 5 complainants received compensation with 5,277 cases dismissed and 5,857 cases pending.Knowing how the MMR vaccine interacts with other vaccines is an additional issue that has never been addressed. No studies for the cumulative effects of the MMR vaccine with all of the other vaccines in the schedule seem to exist.Many argue that the triple shot is the problem - that the vaccines need to be separated because they overwhelm the immune system. And doctors do not seem to have any clear guidelines when it comes to administering vaccines off schedule. Stories about childhood deaths or vaccine injuries after a child was injected with multiple vaccines (such as the MMR along with the DTP and more) are frequent.Others argue that measles, mumps, and rubella are mild childhood diseases that rarely cause serious side effects, especially in countries with good medical care and effective treatment for secondary infections, should one occur. And some argue that the death count alone is higher for the vaccine than the diseases.A landmark Italian ruling has been more straightforward in assigning blame. The Italian court has said that Valentino Bocca's autism was provoked by the MMR vaccine that they received at 9 months old.It's hard to find stories like this reported in mainstream media. With many other subjects, anecdotal evidence makes for good news stories, but not with vaccine injuries. This shows a clear bias in reporting.Pharmaceutical companies heavily fund mainstream media. They bring enormous influence to bear in how vaccines are presented in the news. People who raise questions about vaccines are labeled as "anti-vaxx fanatics". When the CDC whistleblower first came forward, mainstream media ignored the story. The media is very quick to present the pro side of the vaccine argument. Talking heads like CNN's Campbell Brown proclaim the judgment is in and vaccines are safe. Vaccine "experts" like Paul Offit make bold claims such as "...each infant would have the theoretical capacity to respond to about 10,000 vaccines at any one time."The medical model's argument for vaccines isn't that there is no risk of an adverse reaction, their argument is that it is a bigger risk not to vaccinate than it is to vaccinate. But when the evidence for these claims is provided primarily by studies done by the CDC, you have to question the reliability of the source.The CDC and the American Academy of Pediatrics (with their deep ties to the pharmaceutical industry) choose to pretend that there is no evidence of a link between vaccines and autism. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommendation is suspect because they get a lot of money from vaccine manufacturers to recommend their products. Also check out How to Detoxify from Vaccinations and The MMR Vaccine - A Comprehensive Overview of the Potential Dangers and Effectiveness Joel learned long ago that pharmaceuticals were not the answer to health and vitality. They gave up on pharmaceuticals many years ago, and they also gave up wheat and refined sugars. Their hobbies include gluten free baking, gardening, and fitness. Joel is passionate about agriculture and environmental issues. Joel believes that progressive, cutting-edge, organic agriculture can feed the world
Few subjects harbor & evoke such strong emotions as one's own home. The home is where we grow from floating peapods to young adults. It's the place where we hatch our first big ideas and go to recover from world shattering highschool breakups. One thing is for certain, homes are better than apartments. Sit back, relax, and read quotes about home.
Quotes about missing home
“I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home”
“Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?” ― Stephanie Perkins
“We can't really appreciate home until we leave it”
Quotes about leaving home
“Home is a place you grow up wanting to leave, and grow old wanting to get back to”
― John Ed Pearce
“The magic thing about home is that it feels good to leave, and even better to come back”
― Wendy Wunder
“Leaving home always means leaving with your feet, never with your heart”
New home quotes
“Home is any four walls that enclose the right person”
“Home is the nicest word there is” ― Laura Ingalls Wilder
“Home is a shelter from storms – all sorts of storms” ― William J. Bennett
Editor's note: We hope you enjoyed some of our quotes about home. You will notice this post does not contain “Home is where the heart is”. This is because that quote should be retired forever.
The public has an appetite for policy debate. Do politicians?
Posted
It's far too simplistic to say the 24-hour news cycle has crippled genuine policy reform. So instead of focussing on the negatives, politicians should realise how this new media landscape can be used to progress the debate, writes Patricia Karvelas.
As the world experiences the radical transformation of the way the media reports and delivers news, through both social media and the 24-hour news cycle, a growing view is forming that the punishing cycle is crippling the chance for genuine economic and policy reform.
There is no doubt the new and constantly-changing-media world order is having a profound impact on the way politics is reported, and accelerates the pace and pressures on politicians, policymakers and stakeholders. But this is the crucial question that must be asked: is this detrimental to outcomes? Is it acting as a roadblock to big, controversial, but perhaps necessary reforms?
Former prime minister John Howard powerfully entered this escalating debate last year to make the most compelling case yet, debunking the view that reform is all too hard in the contemporary environment because of the epic scrutiny placed on politicians arguing for brave new ideas.
Howard argued it is too bleak to claim that economic and political reform is no longer possible in the culture of the 24-hour news cycle.
They used the compelling example of re-elected New Zealand prime minister John Key, arguing that Mr Key had landed major reforms - including a rise in the GST - and still went on to deliver an increased majority for their reformist party. They said:
I regard that (blaming the 24-hour media cycle) as a too-pessimistic view of the modern political environment. Last weekend, you saw in New Zealand a prime minister who has had a very strong reformist agenda returned with an increased majority, a remarkable result. John Key has been a reformist, activist prime minister and they won in this alleged environment of difficulty and concern about cutting through in a 24-hour news cycle. I am unconvinced of that explanation.
Howard is dead right. Their view is different, however, to that of former prime minister Julia Gillard, who writes in their autobiography, My Story, that the new cycle means journalists are more interested in quick and easy leadership stories than policy reform. They wrote:
With today's frantic media pace, leadership stories can play a role akin to Christmas-stocking fillers - you can always pop in another one with little expense or effort.
Gillard is partially right: leadership stories do dominate when journalists witness instability. When Tony Abbott faced their own leadership chaos earlier this year, they too - just like Gillard - found it impossible to get "clear air" to argue their Government's case for reform. But it is the job of politicians to get their house in order and provide stable government in order to create the space to make the case for bigger and bolder change. Leadership stories have existed where there are politicians backgrounding against their leaders. Good leadership is the only way to avoid them.
The public has an appetite for policy debate. Never have we seen such high levels of engagement through social media. Rather than seeing the cycle as an impediment for reform, it should be seen for what it is - a radical transformation that allows the public to participate in public discourse like never before.
Political leaders making the case for hard reforms now have a plethora of opportunities to hammer and articulate their case. Instead of being seen through the prism of potential defeat, the faster pace gives a capable politician or policymaker the chance to campaign for reform like never before. It unlocks the possibility to create better policy outcomes, as unintended consequences are picked up along the way while the rigorous debate intensifies.
This is not to say that a toxic "gotcha" culture that unpicks every part of a policy or a media performance doesn't carry risks and challenges. But a well-designed, necessary and well-argued idea can succeed in the new environment. The principles have always been the same - the idea must be well designed, well planned, well modelled, and then it must be articulated with precision, repetition and passion. Politicians must not be afraid to alter a plan to reflect public concern, but this is vastly different to responding in knee-jerk ways.
Our new and confronting system is a game changer. Democracy is exciting, once again.
This article has been co-published by DemocracyRenewal.edu.au
Patricia Karvelas is the presenter of RN Drive has been a prominent senior journalist in the Australian media for 15 years.
Topics: government-and-politics, media, internet-culture
Whilst the British media focused on the potential future of food imports from the U.S. after Brexit, a real food scandal has been developing in Europe in which Belgian and Dutch authorities failed to inform their neighbours about millions of pesticide-infected eggs being exported through the continent.
After reports of the possibility that an early trade deal agreement with the U.S. could allow the importation of chlorine-washed chicken, the media rushed to herald the death of food safety standards as another Brexit bad news story – and yet more evidence that the cost of exiting Europe is too high for Brits to bear.
“Chicken in the Coalmine”, blared a headline in HuffPost UK, while the Mirror screamed: “First Chlorine Chicken, Now HORMONE BEEF Could Be on the Menu after Brexit.”
An article in the Irish Times sneered over ‘Brexit-Flavoured Chlorination Chicken', and in the Metro, Oliver Wheaton moaned: “We Might Start Getting Chlorinated Chicken Thanks to (You Guessed It) Brexit,” claiming that “the EU bans this practice on health grounds”.
In fact, the European Food Safety Agency has passed chlorinated-washed chicken for safe consumption.
But who will protect us from these health risks outside the EU!? 😎 😎 😎 https://t.co/AdsgO5Dd6N — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) August 6, 2017
Yet the Food Standards Agency's announcement on Monday that contaminated eggs imported from Europe have been distributed in Britain failed to elicit much concern from Remain-supporting media which implied only EU regulations can stop toxic food entering the UK's supply chain.
Millions of Dutch eggs were declared unfit for consumption as they were found to contained large amounts of fipronil — an insecticide the World Health Organization (WHO) warns can have dangerous effects on people's kidney, liver, and thyroid gland function.
Belgium's food safety agency admitted it has been aware of a potential problem with fipronil in the poultry sector since June, but kept the information secret, Euractiv reported.
Millions of laying hens in the Netherlands may now have to be killed.
In May, a top doctor revealed that a potentially deadly disease that causes 60,000 people in Britain to fall ill each year could be traced to Europe.
Dr. Harry Dalton said the strain of Hepatitis E (HEV) — which causes a flu-like illness and can cause death in people with weakened immune systems — can be traced back to imported European pork products in 80 per cent of cases.
'Brexit virus': an EU-plot to sabotage the great British breakfast https://t.co/0jxUwnPXcl — The Guardian (@guardian) May 22, 2017
The doctor, a gastroenterologist at Exeter University, told a conference on neurological infectious diseases that HEV had become a major threat.
“I call it the Brexit virus. It attacks the liver and nerves, with a peak in May,” they said.
“It is particularly dangerous for people with suppressed immune systems such as those who have had organ transplants and possibly cancer. The virus seems to come from Europe,” reported The Times.
By contrast, the journal of the British pig industry this week noted the high levels of animal welfare for pork production in the United Kingdom compared to the European Union and other major pork-rearing nations worldwide.
These recent food scare events, which have received very little attention in the mainstream media, may recall the 2013 horse meat scandal, in which the “complexity of the food-supply chain” in Europe where food products were able to cross borders around the continent without checks allowed unauthorised ingredients to enter the food chain.
Reuters reported at the time that Britain's Food Standards Agency had been “bullied” by the European Commission into changing food regulations which encouraged British retailers to buy meat from Europe rather than domestically, which led to minced horse meat from Eastern Europe that had been fraudulently labelled as beef to be imported into the United Kingdom.
Last week Microsoft unveiled their Internet Explorer 9 beta to the world, showing off the tremendous power behind the totally revamped web browser. Loaded with features and improvements, Internet Explorer 9 showed that Microsoft still knows how to come out on top, and put on a good show on while doing it too.
Today, Microsoft announced in a press release, that they had over two million downloads of Internet Explorer 9, in just two days. Not only did Internet Explorer 9 surpass its predecessor, which had 1.3 million downloads over the course of a five-day period, but it even beat the Firefox 4 beta downloads, which managed to achieve just over 100,000 in a single day. However, Internet Explorer 9 did not beat spreadfirefox day, a special event held by Mozilla back in 2008 when they launched Firefox 3, managing to have over 8 million downloads in a single day, earning the place in the Guinness World Records.
Furthermore, Microsoft mentioned that they had over 9 million visits and 26 million pages views on the Beauty of the Web website since it's launch last Wednesday.
Don't forget to checkout our very own benchmark of Internet Explorer 9 beta against Chrome, Safari, Opera and Firefox.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201512/312/1155968404_4644563701001_4644542206001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Female Marine recruits fire on the rifle range during boot camp in 2013. Carter opens all military combat jobs to women
Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Thursday said he's ordering the military to open all combat jobs to women, overruling Marine Corps commanders who requested exceptions for a small number of front-line combat jobs and furthering President Barack Obama's legacy of making the military more inclusive.
“We cannot afford to cut ourselves off from half the country's talents and skills,” Carter told reporters at the Pentagon.
Story Continued Below
The decision is a milestone for Obama, who inherited a military that banned gays from serving openly, banned transgender troops and didn't allow women in units that were primarily involved in ground combat. All three of those exclusions have been or are in the process of being overturned.
The announcement also shows how much the climate has changed on Capitol Hill, where the move is expected to face only modest resistance.
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) issued a cautious statement Thursday, saying they planned to review the implications of the decision carefully — but they did not voice outright opposition to it.
“We expect the department to send over its implementation plans as quickly as possible to ensure our committees have all the information necessary to conduct proper and rigorous oversight,” said the Arizona Republican. “By law, the Congress has a 30-day period to review the implications of today's decision.”
Meanwhile, Republican presidential hopeful Lindsey Graham — also one of the Senate's leading defense hawks — said they have “no reason to object.”
“I've sort of, I guess, evolved on this issue, quite frankly,” the South Carolina Republican told reporters. “If the military community feels that women are capable of doing this, then I will not stand in the way.”
The announcement caps a process that began in 2013, when then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta lifted the ban on women serving in ground combat roles but gave the military services branches until 2016 to evaluate the implications and request any exemptions for specific jobs to remain male-only.
Carter said Thursday the Marine Corps asked for partial exceptions for certain jobs, based on studies that commanders said showed all-male combat units were more effective.
Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, who was Marine Corps commandant when the studies were being conducted, was not present during Carter's announcement on Thursday — leading reporters to ask about theirs absence.
Dunford “understands what my decision is, and my decision is my decision,” Carter responded. “He will be at my side as we do the implementation.”
Carter noted that about 220,000 military jobs were currently closed to women and would be opened up because of their decision, allowing women to serve in such roles as driving tanks, firing mortars and leading infantry soldiers into combat.
They said the military would maintain high standards for all combat assignments but explained that some standards were being modified after studies demonstrated they were "outdated" or not reflective of the skills necessary for the jobs.
“Our force of the future must continue to benefit from the best people America has to offer,” Carter said. “In the 21st century, that includes drawing strength from the broadest possible pool of people.”
Jeremy Herb contributed to this report.
It's a scenario security researchers have long worried about, a man-in-the-middle attack that allows someone to impersonate Microsoft Update to deliver malware – disguised as legitimate Microsoft code – to unsuspecting users.
And that's exactly what turns out to have occurred with the recent Flame cyberespionage tool that has been infecting machines primarily in the Middle East and is believed to have been crafted by a nation-state.
According to Microsoft, which has been analyzing Flame, along with numerous antivirus researchers since it was publicly exposed last Monday, researchers there discovered that a component of Flame was designed to spread from one infected computer to other machines on the same network using a rogue certificate obtained via such a man-in-the-middle attack. When uninfected computers update themselves, Flame intercepts the request to Microsoft Update server and instead delivers a malicious executable to the machine that is signed with a rogue, but technically valid, Microsoft certificate.
"We have discovered through our analysis that some components of the malware have been signed by certificates that allow software to appear as if it was produced by Microsoft," Microsoft Security Response Center Senior Director Mike Reavey wrote in a blog post published Sunday.
To generate their fake certificate, the attackers exploited a vulnerability in a cryptography algorithm that Microsoft uses for enterprise customers to set up Remote Desktop service on machines. The Terminal Server Licensing Service provides certificates with the ability to sign code, which is what allowed the rogue code to be signed as if it came from Microsoft.
Microsoft has provided information to explain how the flaw occurred in its system.
Reavey notes that since Flame is a highly targeted piece of malware that is believed to have infected fewer than 1,000 machines, the immediate risk from Flame is not great. But other attackers could have been exploiting the vulnerability as well. And the fact that this vulnerability existed in the first place is what has security experts all aflame. Code that is officially signed by Microsoft is considered safe by millions of machines around the world, something that put them all at risk.
“The discovery of a bug that's been used to circumvent Microsoft's secure code certificate hierarchy is a major breach of trust, and it's a big deal for every Microsoft user," Andrew Storms, director of security operations for nCircle, told PC World. "It also underscores the delicate and problematic nature of the trust models behind every Internet transaction.”
According to Kaspersky Lab, which discovered the Flame malware about three weeks ago, the certificate is used by a component of Flame called "Gadget" to spread the malware from one infected machine to others on a network. It was the use of this rogue certificate that is believed to have allowed Flame to infect at least one fully patched Windows 7 machine, according to Alexander Gostev, chief security expert at the Lab.
Here's how it works:
When a machine on a network attempts to connect to Microsoft's Windows Update service, the connection gets redirected through an infected machine first, which sends a fake, malicious Windows Update to the requesting machine. The fake update claims to be code that will help display gadgets on a user's desktop.
The fake update looks like this:
“update description="Allows you to display gadgets on your desktop."
displayName="Desktop Gadget Platform" name="WindowsGadgetPlatform">
If the ruse works, a malicious file called WuSetupV.exe gets deposited on the machine. Since the file is signed with a fake Microsoft certificate, it appears to the user to be legitimate, and therefore the user's machine allows the program to run on the machine without issuing a desktop warning.
The Gadget component was compiled by the attackers on Dec. 27, 2010, according to Gostev in a blog post, and was implemented in the malware about two weeks later.
The following is exactly how the process occurs: The infected machine sets up a fake server by the name “MSHOME-F3BE293C”, which hosts a script that serves a full body of the Flame malware to victim machines. This is done by the module called “Munch”. When a victim updates itself via Windows Update, the query is intercepted and the fake update is pushed. The fake update proceeds to download the main body and infect the computer. The interception of the query to the official Windows Update (the man-in-the-middle attack) is done by announcing the infected machine as a proxy for the domain. This is done via WPAD. To get infected, the machines do need however to have their System Proxy settings configured to “Auto”.
Microsoft has revoked the certificate and fixed the vulnerability via an update. Hopefully, the update will not be man-in-the-middled.
Homepage Photo: Marjan Krebelj/Flickr
about
I have suffered from insomnia and ongoing depression for many years and have tried a number of different experiments and treatments to find some relief. I've always lived with a deep-seated restlessness and as a result I think I've been searching for a sense of inner peace and stillness all my life. Last year my wife and I rented a house in Big Sur, CA. While sitting on top of a mountain, reading some poems and drinking my coffee I experienced something that left an indelible mark on my life. When we got back to Nashville I immediately felt the need to start work on Volume 2 of our Sleepover Series. Shortly after we began recording I started to experience a great amount of pain in my mid and lower neck. It seems my years of slumping over a guitar had finally caught up to me. I ended up having neck surgery in January of 2014. The time leading up to surgery and the recovery afterwards were painful and confusing. I still felt a deep need for rest and a longing to continue work on Volume 2 but the doctor would not allow it. As I began to heal, Andrew and I slowly started working again and the aesthetic of Volume 2 began to emerge. We did our best to just “follow the sound” and stay out of the way, attempting to leave space and texture as opposed to specific and linear melodic phrases. About four months after the surgery I decided to go to Big Sur for a private silent retreat. The first night of the retreat was awful and I felt like there was a hornet's nest inside my head along with a full-blown circus freak show. But over the course of the retreat my mind slowed down and my body became more relaxed. When I got back we began finishing up our work on Volume 2. The long form piece on disc 2 titled, “The Lonely Now” is a result of this last minute work. Inspired by the silence I experienced in Big Sur, I think it's the centerpiece of Volume 2 and expresses the true intent of the music. This work would probably not exist if it not for the ongoing search for peace and stillness. So if this collection helps ease the mind or assist in lulling one to sleep then all the searching has not been in vain. -Marc
credits
Created by Marc and Andrew
Recorded at Breathturn and Studio 37
Field recordings from Big Sur, CA and Franklin, TN
Mixed and Mastered by Taylor Deupree at 12k
Artwork by Pete Schulte
Layout by Andrew
hammockmusic.com
Thanks: Johnny Pleasant, Taylor Deupree and Pete Schulte released September 23, 2014Created by Marc and AndrewRecorded at Breathturn and Studio 37Field recordings from Big Sur, CA and Franklin, TNMixed and Mastered by Taylor Deupree at 12kArtwork by Pete SchulteLayout by AndrewThanks: Johnny Pleasant, Taylor Deupree and Pete Schulte
license
all rights reserved
In many ways, we could call Isengard the release that finally answers many of the oldest requests we have. With Alpha1 we introduced Skip Steps, which allow the user to more naturally and organically find the exact moment they are attempting to skip to in the show or movie, a request that's existed since at least 2009. We also implemented external subtitle support over UPnP, another very old feature request. This month, we've added a few more.
Chapter Selector Window
It's gone by a bunch of names in the forum, but one of the oldest requests we've had since porting away from the Xbox was for the ability to browse and visually select from the chapters available included in mkv and other files that support chapters. With Isengard, that is finally very possible. When you first launch a movie and navigate to the Bookmarks icon in the Video GUI, Kodi will automatically populate all the necessary bookmarks with the name and a picture of each chapter.
This process currently benefits from having a faster CPU, as the chapter images are generated using software, so the first time you open bookmarks on a new video using something like the Raspberry Pi 1 you may experience some severe hiccups. For this reason, this setting is disabled by default on slower devices. To enable visual chapters on slower devices, visit System -> Video -> File lists and select Extract chapter thumbnails. For speedy HTPCs, this setting is enabled by default.
Audio and Subtitle Lists
Many BluRay movies include a large number of audio and subtitle streams to choose from, including numerous director's commentaries, alternative language tracks, etc. In the past, the user was forced to to slowly scroll through them, one item at a time, using something called a software spinner. Now, these streams are listed as one big list, so the user can easily find and select exactly the stream they are looking for.
Language Add-ons and an Expansion of International Options
Another big improvement with Isengard will be a far more precise control over most of the International settings, including the ability to individually adjust how your date and time are set, whether your temperature is listed as Fahrenheit, Celsius, or even Kelvin, and how you want the speed of your wind measured in the weather add-on.
Additionally, languages are now installed on a just-in-time basis. Rather than shipping with every possible language and needing to wait between releases for language updates, languages in Kodi have been add-on-ified so that changes can be fixed and updated almost instantly. This does mean that if you want to set up a new installation of Kodi with anything other than the default English language, you will need to have your machine connected to the internet, so Kodi can download your preferred language.
Add-on Manager Improvements
Finally, work is being done presently to improve and simplify navigating the Add-on Manager. This will be an ongoing project, so please bear with us.
Other Improvements
There were 241 fixes, features, and improvements for Alpha2. Beyond the highlighted ones, here is a list of a few other improvements made.
* Tuxbox removal. Users of Enigma2 boxes can use the VUPlus PVR add-on
* Split PVR add-ons into separate projects
* Fix season art scraping on newly added seasons
* Immediately fetch updates from repository after major upgrade
* Improvement of installing new skins selection
* Remove legacy code pre-Frodo 11.0
* Add jump to first unwatched in TV section
* Remove certain codecs from our core code and made add-ons out of them. Audio encoders/decoders
* Removal of AFP filesystem support
* Windows DXVA HEVC hardware decoding support if driver and hardware support exist
The Kodi Villain Shirt
This release coincides with the release of our Kodi Villain shirt and hoodie. We're pretty excited about both and hope you like them too.
Conclusion
Should you want to download and install this alpha (monthly) build please visit our download page.
* Official Kodi 15.0 alpha and development downloads
* Raspberry Pi versions can be found on the forum
Get involved
Getting involved is quite easy. Simply take the plunge and start using these 15.0 Isengard builds. If you use these builds, we encourage you to report problems with these builds on our forum first and after that, if asked, submit bugs on Trac (following this guide: How to submit a bug report). Do note that we need detailed information so we can investigate the issue. We also appreciate providing support in our Forums where you can, or donate to the XBMC Foundation if you like. You can of course also follow or help promote Kodi on all available social networks. Read more on the get involved page.
The holiday season can be full of joy and shared memories, but it isn't always the easiest time of year—especially when your family members are scattered around the world. Still, when families really love each other, they make it work, and this story is just another example of that unbreakable bond: When this family couldn't be together on Thanksgiving, they decided to do a depressing Skype thing.
Absolutely heartwarming. It goes to show you that even when distance threatens to pull family members apart, they can still manage to slog through a pretty exhausting, unsatisfying video chat as a unit.
Advertisement
The Alexander family knew that this year's Thanksgiving wouldn't be a typical one: Their daughter Melissa and their husband were stuck home with a newborn baby, their son Dylan was studying abroad in Scotland, and an entire group of cousins was on vacation in the Bahamas. But that didn't stop the Alexanders from pathetically meeting up on Skype at 3 p.m. EST on Thanksgiving Day to eat their respective meals “together” and meet Melissa's new baby, who was unfortunately frozen in a position barely in frame due to a video glitch. It took Dave several tries to get this sad sack Skype session going on the family iPad because they didn't have the most recent update, but once they downloaded it, the entire family was able to share a beautiful moment looking at their patriarch's face via a low-angle shot that offered a generous view of their nostrils.
Wow, it's just so touching that this far-flung family was able to celebrate Thanksgiving with a virtual hangout that was in many ways worse than doing nothing at all.
Although Dylan was already getting ready to go out with their study abroad friends when the chat started and the Beckett cousins couldn't be heard over the sound of their dad playing the football game at full volume in their hotel room in the background, the family got to spend valuable time together as they watched Debra Alexander pan back and forth over the table full of food in their childhood home while yelling, “Can you see this?” Distance may have kept them apart physically, but the excruciating hour they spent Skyping together before everyone decided the sound delay made it too difficult for them to carry on a conversation is one that proves just how incredible families are.
Advertisement
What a truly wonderful story that shows how powerful our connection to our loved ones can be. Let's all take a page out of the Alexanders' book and remember to add a pitiful family Skype session that wastes everyone's time to the list of things we're grateful for this Thanksgiving!
Umami Burger, the California burger chain with a modern spin and cross-cultural vibe, has struck a chord with Angelenos and now has the potential to join McDonald's, Fatburger, In-N-Out and Tommy's Hamburgers as one of California's best-known exports. To celebrate, Umami founder Adam Fleischman is building the chain's flagship location in a 3,000-square-foot former spa at the Grove, scheduled to open in late fall. With indoor-outdoor seating for 175, this will be the biggest Umami Burger yet.
This summer Fleischman got the financial backing they needed to move fast when Sam Nazarian's massive SBE hospitality group and their brother David's investment firm, Nimes Capital, became 50-50 partners in all of Fleischman's future endeavors, including yet more Umami Burger restaurants, a ritzy downtown deli called Umamicatessan and an environmentally conscious fast-food place called U-Ko. The idea is to roll out 35 new Umami Burgers nationally over the next three years. That's rapid-fire expansion for a brand that began as a single restaurant on South La Brea Avenue in 2009 and has grown to five locations, selling about 5,000 burgers a day.
Future restaurants are planned for San Francisco, Anaheim, New York, Miami, Texas and Las Vegas, all hubs that SBE will expand to as well with its hotel and restaurant brands. Fleischman says the new flagship will be among the first burger chain restaurants in Southern California to be LEED certified, which means it will be built according to strict environmental standards as approved by the Green Building Council.
"I was wanting to do 50 restaurants from Day One," says Fleischman, sitting at a round table surrounded by decorative rubber shavings on the floor at the back of Umami Urban in Hollywood on a recent Wednesday. "So, although I was surprised by how quickly we became popular, I wasn't like, 'How do we do No. 2?'"
Wearing shorts and a brown T-shirt, their round face topped by a mop of wavy brown hair, Fleischman nibbles on tater tots and comments on how the ketchup tastes particularly good that day. The ketchup — like the burgers — is made fresh daily and infused with Fleischman's secret umami ingredients. They won't say what exactly those are, but they call it "burger crack" and says that when they first decided on the concept they went to a lab and tested more than 100 items from a Japanese market, "looking for the three different glutamic acids that comprise umami."
They say that almost everything savory and crave-worthy falls into the umami category and that the top three foods with the most umami are kombu (a kelp that is common in Japanese soups such as ramen), Parmesan cheese and shiitake mushrooms. Once they decided on their ingredients, Fleischman began experimenting with layering umami flavors inside burger meat. Before that, they say, they had never made a burger. Nor has they been to Japan, the country that coined the word "umami."
But they do have the U.S. trademark to the word "umami." This they purchased from a restaurant on Long Island called Umami Café, and its availability might have been due to the fact that the trademark office thought "umami" was a brand and didn't realize it's considered the fifth taste, after sweet, sour, bitter and salty.
Fleischman, 41, didn't study business in school. In 1994, they graduated with a degree in liberal arts from the University of Maryland and then tried their hand at journalism in Washington, D.C., before moving to Los Angeles in 2000. Here they got involved in the retail wine business before securing investors to open BottleRock Wine Bar in Culver City, which they sold their stake in to open the first Umami Burger — investor-free — for $40,000. Two years later, that location pulls in $2 million a year in sales, Fleischman says.
This is what Nazarian calls "capturing lightning in a bottle." And it's why they wanted to invest in Fleischman, not just Umami Burger.
"I look at Adam as the brand," Nazarian says over the phone from Sardinia, Italy, where they recently celebrated their 36th birthday. "My goal is to support them in a way that allows them to focus their time on the hardest part, which is to have that idea. The next idea could be equally exciting, and I want to make sure they have the bandwidth to think of it."
Nazarian, who as chief executive of SBE owns 25 hotels, restaurants, nightclubs and lounges, is equipped to do that by offering the hospitality business they have built over the last seven years, including human resources, managerial and kitchen staff support. Fleischman says this appeals to them because — despite all indicators of success pointing to the contrary — they are not a business person and would like to focus on the fun and creative parts of making food and designing new restaurants.
As they move Umami forward, they want to keep each restaurant unique, so no one restaurant looks the same or has the same menu. The nonconformist strategy is a reaction to burger chains such as Fuddruckers and Johnny Rockets, which Fleischman considers outdated and tired.
"People are bored of those concepts," they say. "I was focused on doing something new and exciting."
And the recession certainly didn't hurt. Umami was doing brisk business by December 2010, when GQ magazine named it burger of the year, partly because the recession was making diners look for less expensive options for a night on the town. Soon after, the article was featured on the front page of Yahoo, which led to 200-million hits on the Umami Burger website in one day.
"Our business doubled overnight, and it hasn't slowed down since," says Fleischman. "I was at the Burger Bash in Miami, and my phone was just blowing up."
Nazarian, who sold Fleischman a Santa Monica location that houses an Umami Burger (other locations include Los Feliz and Studio City), had been watching the hype from afar, as had their brother David. It was David who finally approached Fleischman about making a deal after hearing chef José Andrés talk about how much they enjoyed an Umami burger in a speech they gave at SBE's SLS hotel in Beverly Hills, which is home to the Bazaar by José Andrés.
"Here on the West Coast we are really driving pop culture," says Nazarian. "When you eat at Umami — outside of the burger itself — you see the culture. They aren't just selling burgers, they are selling an experience."
jessica.gelt@latimes.com
Literature
Dead love part II
DEAD LOVE PART TWO
The skull baby was now a skull-teenager! They locked down on the wonderous (AN: I THINK THAT MICRSOOFT HAS SPLELED THE WORD WONDEROUS RONG. THEY SHOULD PROBABLY FIX THAT IN A LATER PATCH OF THEY'RE PRODUCT.) city before him. As they looked down they also said that it was a good day to be undead and then wet in two the city! There were people all around them and they were happy and there was a shop that looked like a good shop so they went in but they couldn't see them because they were a skull and so they couldn't see him, BUT THEN THE SHOPKEEPER SAD! "Oh hello, would you like to perchance my wears?" and the skull teenager said "how can you see me I'm a skull and you're not a skull so you should not be able to see me." And the soap keeper say "Actually my mother was part skull so I can see you." And so they became friends. The shopkeeper gave the skull teenage all off their monies and then they went to the SKY PALASE, RELM OF THE OVAKEEPRE! When they god there was a guy who sad that
I actually heard it on my car radio on NPR the other day—August 4, 2015. Melissa Block introduced the segment by saying that the way in which Joseph Smith had translated the Book of Mormon from the golden plates “had been shrouded in mystery until now.”
Wow! I thought. What startling revelation might this be? I waited with bated breath.
Listen to this Article
Subscribe to Theology Unplugged in iTunes
Tom Gjelten then delivered the news: the Church Historian's Office of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was publishing the Printer's Manuscript of the Book of Mormon and a color photograph of the magical seer stone that Joseph used when they dictated the text of that manuscript.
Oh. Is that all?
The story was carried by numerous other news outlets including Associated Press and everyone that carried its version, by Fox News and CBS News, and on and on. The LDS Church made sure of it, releasing the story themselves through their Newsroom. At the same time, the LDS Church published an advance copy of an article slated for the October 2015 issue of its official flagship magazine Ensign. The article, “Joseph the Seer,” is authored by three men associated with the “Joseph Smith Papers” project, in which the LDS Church Historian's Office is attempting to publish everything written or dictated by Joseph Smith. The two-volume set containing the Printer's Manuscript that was published this week by the Church Historian's Office (through the LDS Church's official publishing house Deseret Book) is the latest release of the Joseph Smith Papers series.
[Tweet “What the Mormon Newsroom did not mention[…]was that there was nothing new about any of this.”]
What the Mormon Newsroom did not mention, and what none of the news outlets I have consulted evidently found out, was that there was nothing new about any of this.
Related Product
Understanding Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses
8-Part MP3 Course by Dr. Robert Bowman
In Search of Transparency
First of all, a printed text of the Printer's Manuscript (commonly known as P) was published in 2001 by the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS). The existence of P was not a secret; it has been owned by the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (more recently renamed Community of Christ) since 1903. The editor of the 2001 edition, Royal Skousen, wrote about P years earlier, and they are the editor of the newly released Joseph Smith Papers edition as well. This new edition will no doubt be an impressive publication, as it includes high-resolution photographs of the manuscript as well as introductory and supplemental material, but the text of P has been available for years.
[Tweet “The dreaded “anti-Mormon” critics have been saying for decades that Joseph used a seer stone.”]
Second, the fact that Joseph Smith used a seer stone in dictating the text of the Book of Mormon is something that the dreaded “anti-Mormon” critics (as Mormons insist on calling them) have been saying for decades, but which the LDS Church has rarely mentioned and never explained until very recently.1 It's nice that the Church Historian's Office has published a picture of it, but we already knew about it and even knew what it looked like; it is a small, smooth, chocolate-colored stone. As a matter of fact, the ministry where I serve, the Institute for Religious Research, has had an article about Joseph using the seer stone to dictate the Book of Mormon on its website since 1999.
Despite the reality that these things have long been known, the message communicated to the media was that the publication of P and a picture of the seer stone marked a new day of “transparency” for the LDS Church. What the media does not seem to understand is that whatever newfound transparency exists was forced on the LDS Church by the internet, which has given information about Joseph's seer stone and other such matters such wide circulation that the LDS Church's earlier strategy of ignoring the facts was no longer viable. As the New York Times reported in 2013, hitherto faithful Mormons even outside the United States who had been exposed to information online were asking hard questions and their leaders were giving faltering and faulty answers. The problem became so acute that in 2013 and 2014 the LDS Church published over a dozen new articles in its Gospel Topics series on the official LDS website, including an article on “Book of Mormon Translation” that did discuss the matter of the seer stone.
Although the LDS Church is now at least talking about the seer stone, it is still far from transparent in addressing the issues adequately. Two issues are of particular importance.
Joseph's Treasure Hunting with a Seer Stone
Until very recently, the LDS Church avoided acknowledging that Joseph was engaged in hunting for buried treasure using one or more seer stones prior to theirs claiming to have found and translated the Book of Mormon. The Gospel Topics article on Book of Mormon translation, published at the end of 2013, did mention this briefly but attempted to minimize its significance:
“As a young man during the 1820s, Joseph Smith, like others in their day, used a seer stone to look for lost objects and buried treasure.”
A footnote claims that “Joseph did not hide their well-known early involvement in treasure seeking” because in July 1838 they admitted that they had been a “money-digger” while denying it had been profitable (a statement in Joseph Smith, “Answers to Questions,” Elders' Journal, July 1838). However, Joseph said nothing there about the seer stone and clearly was trying to deny that their money-digging had any significance.
[Tweet “Joseph said nothing there about the seer stone…”]
That same year of 1838, Joseph dictated an account of their early years in which they claimed that their reputation as a money-digger was a misunderstanding. Part of this account eventually became known as Joseph Smith–History and is included in the LDS scripture collection called The Pearl of Great Price. In October 1825 Joseph had, they say, gone to live in the home of Josiah Stowell as a hired hand. Stowell had learned about a silver mine supposedly located in Harmony, Pennsylvania. Joseph reported, “After I went to live with him, they took me, with the rest of their hands, to dig for the silver mine, at which I continued to work for nearly a month, without success in our undertaking, and finally I prevailed with the old gentleman to cease digging after it. Hence arose the very prevalent story of my having been a money-digger” (Joseph Smith–History 1:56).
Joseph's account here is quite deceptive. The fact is that Joseph was heavily engaged in “money-digging” throughout most of the period from 1822 to 1827. This means that Joseph had been pursuing “money digging” for a full three years or longer when Josiah Stowell approached them about the expedition to find the lost silver mine.2 Thus, Joseph's claim that the story of theirs having been a money digger arose from one short-lived effort at the end of 1825 is quite misleading. Joseph also says in this same account that they were visited repeatedly by the angel Moroni, shown the gold plates, and instructed at length about their mission from 1823 to 1827—the same period during which they were often engaged in money-digging. Worse still, Joseph's account omits the most controversial aspect of their participation in money-digging: their claim to be able to locate buried treasure using a seer stone. Stowell hired Joseph for their silver mine quest, not to perform the manual labor of digging as Joseph Smith–History would lead readers to believe, but to use their reputed gift with the seer stone to locate the mine.
Joseph's Seer Stone and the Book of Mormon
A second and closely related issue has to do with Joseph's use of the seer stone in dictating the “translation” of the gold plates as the Book of Mormon. Joseph's wife Emma and the men who were supporting and working with Joseph when they produced the Book of Mormon gave numerous statements years later that all agree as to how Joseph did it. They would take their seer stone, put it inside their hat, and put the hat over their face to block outside light. They would then dictate to their scribe the English words they claimed they could see in light emanating from the stone. Joseph never looked at the gold plates when they were dictating their translation; they were either laid aside and covered up or hidden away in another room or building.
That is not what the LDS Church taught its members. Until 2013, the LDS Church taught the same story that Joseph did. According to their account, “there were two stones in silver bows—and these stones, fastened to a breastplate, constituted what is called the Urim and Thummim—deposited with the plates; and the possession and use of these stones were what constituted ‘seers' in ancient or former times; and that God had prepared them for the purpose of translating the book” (JS-H 1:35). In the same meeting recorded in the 1838 Elders' Journal article mentioned earlier, Joseph stated: “I obtained them [the plates], and the Urim and Thummim with them; by the means of which, I translated the plates; and thus came the book of Mormon.” Thus, Joseph clearly claimed that they translated the Book of Mormon, not with a seer stone used previously in treasure hunting, but with stone spectacles fastened to a breastplate that they found buried with the gold plates.
Mormon apologists are now arguing that Joseph and the early Mormons used the term “Urim and Thummim” in reference to both the stone spectacles and the seer stone, but this explanation will not work. Joseph explicitly stated that they translated the plates with the Urim and Thummim that they found “with them” (with the plates), that is, the apparatus with the two stones set in silver bows and fastened to a breastplate. Likewise, in their 1842 Wentworth Letter Joseph said, “With the records was found a curious instrument which the ancients called ‘Urim and Thummim,' which consisted of two transparent stones set in the rims of a bow fastened to a breastplate. Through the medium of the Urim and Thummim I translated the record by the gift and power of God.” This statement leaves absolutely no room for the theory that by “the Urim and Thummim” Joseph actually meant their treasure-hunting seer stone.
So then, Joseph claimed to have translated the Book of Mormon using transparent stone spectacles that were in the box where the gold plates were found, whereas in fact they dictated their translation by looking at a non-transparent, chocolate-colored stone in their hat. In short, Joseph Smith themselves gave false testimony when they claimed that they translated the Book of Mormon using the Urim and Thummim that they found with the gold plates. Recall that Joseph also gave false testimony when they claimed that they were not really a “money-digger” but rather had only briefly participated in a dig as one of several hired hands. These two lies are directly related because the common element is Joseph's treasure-hunting seer stone.
Too Little Transparency, Too Late
Now, if Joseph's testimony has been shown to be materially false in these important respects, on what grounds can anyone regard their testimony in other respects as trustworthy or believable? Moreover, the LDS Church perpetuated the deception throughout most of its history. No wonder many Mormons have been scandalized when they found out that what they were taught wasn't true.
[Tweet “If Joseph's testimony about this is false, how can we trust them on other matters?”]
If the LDS Church wants to be truly transparent, they will need to do much more than release documents and photos. They need to acknowledge publicly that Joseph Smith's account of the origins of the Book of Mormon is deceptive and unreliable. That is a price for transparency that the LDS Church establishment leaders seem unlikely to be willing to pay.
Notes
1 This article originally stated that the LDS Church had “studiously avoided” Joseph's use of a seer stone, which some Mormons have misunderstood to mean that they have never mentioned it at all. I have revised my statement to preclude this misunderstanding.
2 The Gospel Topics article “Book of Mormon Translation” mentioned earlier alludes vaguely to the fact that Joseph had a longer history of using seer stones in treasure hunting when it states that they used a seer stone for such purposes “during the 1820s.” Joseph actually was the defendant in a court case in 1826 in regards to the expedition with Stowell in late 1825. In the records of that case, Joseph acknowledged that they had a stone that they used “occasionally” for three years to locate lost items and buried treasures, including several times for Stowell. This would be three years prior to the incident in late 1825 that was the focus of the court case, therefore taking us back to 1822. Joseph suspended their money-digging and scrying for most or all of 1826 due to the trial, but resumed the practice for part of 1827. See especially Dan Vogel, “The Locations of Joseph Smith's Early Treasure Quests,” Dialogue 27/3 (1994): 197-231. Vogel identifies eighteen locations where Joseph searched for buried treasure in 1822-1825 and 1827. Joseph finally ceased the practice in August 1827 after their father-in-law offered to help Joseph and Emma when Joseph promised to give up money-digging. The very next month, Joseph claimed to have found the gold plates.
Robert M. Bowman Jr. (born 1957) is an American Evangelical Christian theologian specializing in the study of apologetics.
Although the recently revealed allegations against Donald Trump are unverified, they've already had a major effect on the country's internet search history: “Golden showers” has skyrocketed from being the most Googled term in the United States to being far and away the most Googled term.
Erotic urination has long been front and center in the national zeitgeist, but the unsubstantiated report about Trump paying prostitutes to pee on each other has brought way more attention to the wet sexual fetish Americans were already obsessed with. This fascinating graph shows a 250 percent spike at 5:20 p.m., the exact time BuzzFeed released its report and turned “golden showers” from a remarkably popular search term into a surging digital powerhouse of unfathomable proportion:
Advertisement
“Golden showers” has consistently been the most Googled term in America ever since it overtook “peeing on another person highly sexual” in 2007, except for one week in 2012 when “Gangam Style pee fucking” briefly held the top spot. But this graph shows just how influential politics can be on web habits, as the salacious report has Americans Googling “golden showers” at an even faster rate than the already blisteringly fast rate they do normally.
Spikes in a specific search term can occasionally be a coincidence, but the timing of the “golden showers” spike leaves little doubt that it's related to the unproven stories about Donald Trump watching Russian prostitutes urinate on each other. Just minutes after BuzzFeed posted the controversial report on its homepage, Google was inundated with queries like “golden showers + Trump,” “golden showers + Russian bladder spectacle,” and “golden showers + Moscow piss paradise.”
Additionally, related searches like “thrill of pee splashing across face” moved from the sixth-most-Googled phrase to the third, and “nostrils dripping with fun urine” moved from ninth to fifth, just moments following the bombshell report.
Advertisement
Donald Trump has strenuously denied the allegations, and it's easy to understand why. Without any hard evidence, Americans are already associating the president with the urine-soaked sex act they spend a large portion of the day scouring the internet for.
It remains to be seen whether the report will be confirmed true or turn out to be a fabrication, but one fact is 100 percent verified: Americans mostly think about golden showers, and now they're thinking about them even more.
This article is over 8 years old
Food and water brought to three Russian and three US astronauts aboard space station 220 miles above the Earth
An unmanned Russian space capsule carrying tons of food, water and supplies to the international space station docked with the orbiting laboratory today, two days after the first attempt went awry.
A video feed from Russian mission control just outside Moscow reported the docking took place on automatic systems without problems.
The space station has three Russian and three US astronauts aboard as it orbits 220 miles above the Earth.
The Progress cargo ship was to have docked with the space station on Friday, but failed. Russian controllers said the failure was due to the activation of a transmitter for the manual rendezvous system, which overrode the automated system.
Russian station commander Alexander Skvortsov said the Progress was rotating uncontrollably as it neared the station during Friday's docking attempt, but officials from Nasa and Russia later said the ship was never out of their control.
After the failed docking, it was moved to about 180 miles away from the station. A series of engine firings yesterday reoriented the Progress.
The Progress ships have been the backbone of Russia's unmanned cargo ship programme for years. Their importance will increase with the end of the US space shuttle programme next year.
4. How did you spend your holiday?
4. How did you spend your holiday?
3. Where do you go?
3. Where do you go?
2. Who is he?
2. Who is he?
1. What are you doing?
1. What are you doing?
3. Which one is cheaper?
2. When is your holiday?
1. Why must they do it that way?
Question with “How” which is placed at the beginning of the sentence :
1. How can I figure out my taxes? zěn yàng cái néng suàn chū wǒ de shuì jīn ？ 怎 样 才 能 算 出 我 的 税 金 ? Question Word Verb Object how can figure out my taxes
Question with “How” which is placed at the end of the sentence :
2. How about recently? zuì jìn zěn yàng ？ 最 近 怎 样 ? Phrase Question Word recently how
Question with “What” which is placed at the end of the sentence :
1. What is that? nà shì shén me ？ 那 是 什 么 ? Phrase Question Word that is what
Question with “What” which is placed in the mid of the sentence :
The Miami Marlins have their primary task of trading the extraneous Logan Morrison first and foremost in their mind, but that does not mean it is the only thing they have to take care of during the 2013 Winter Meetings. Miami is rumored to also be interested in trading outfielder Justin Ruggiano and, surprisingly, veteran grit guy Greg Dobbs. A source told MLB.com's Joe Frisaro that the team has listened to offers for Ruggiano. At the same time, MLB.com's Mark Bowman has the information on a potential Dobbs move.
Heard the Marlins could soon trade Greg Dobbs. Like Eric Chavez, Dobbs could be a fit for the #Braves — Mark Bowman (@mlbbowman) December 11, 2013
Miami's interest in trading Ruggiano comes as no surprise. The Fish have four outfielders whom they would like to play in the next few seasons between Giancarlo Stanton, Marcell Ozuna, Christian Yelich, and Jake Marisnick. The team has no spot for Ruggiano in the prospective starting lineup, even though they may very well be the team's second best outfielder right now despite their struggle of a 2013 season. Last year, Ruggiano was second on the Marlins with 18 home runs but also suffered through a hitless streak that sunk their campaign; they finished the year batting .222/.298/.396 (.307 wOBA).
Ruggiano could be a fit for a team interested in either a corner outfield spot or a center field position if the club is OK with a lower-tier starting player. The better option would be for Ruggiano to serve as a lefty-mashing platoon partner, as they own a career .256/.328/.506 (.360 wOBA) line against left-handers. The Marlins' only lefty outfielder is Yelich, and the Fish have a heavy developmental investment on them becoming a capable hitter, so Miami would be best served allowing Yelich to face left-handed pitching.
Who might be interested in Ruggiano? Not a lot of teams have overt outfield needs at the moment, as a number of free agent outfielders have already been signed. Less talented squads like the New York Mets or Houston Astros could hold interest in Ruggiano as a stopgap option who would still be relatively cheap for the next three years. The Baltimore Orioles are apparently looking for outfielders according to MLB.com's Brittany Ghiroli, so Ruggiano could be a decent option.
As for Dobbs, trading them at this point would be a welcome, if not puzzling, move. Owner Jeffrey Loria went out of their way to sign Dobbs to a one-year deal during the season and behind the backs of Larry Beinfest and the front office. For the Fish to then all of a sudden pursue a trade after signing the player instead of simply letting them walk in free agency is absurd. Dobbs is a career .263/.308/.390 (.302 wOBA) hitter who hit just .228/.303/.300 in 2013. The need for a player like Dobbs, a veteran lefty bat off the bench with no defensive value, seemed low at the time of the signing and is probably still low now. Bowman mentions the Atlanta Braves as a potential fit, but Miami would be lucky to find anyone to pick up the scraps of Dobbs's career, let alone get value in return.
The Marlins are continuing to look for a third baseman or a veteran reliever to help fill the void after Chad Qualls left to sign with the Astros. Chances are that any trade involving Ruggiano or Dobbs would involve relief help, as I do not imagine the team could pick up a strong third base candidate from either player. Stay tuned to Fish Stripes for more Winter Meetings coverage!
Founded in 2013 by Yakir Gola and Rafael Ilishayev, then Drexel University students, goPuff aims to challenge traditional convenience stores by delivering products from its own warehouses to customers' doors within 30 minutes of an online or app order.
As fast delivery becomes an important retailer edge — 7-Eleven recently made its first drone delivery; Amazon.com offers same-day orders — goPuff's on-demand service may have arrived at the right time.
The company, which recently closed an $8.25 million Series A funding round from Anthos Capital, offers more than 3,200 products, charging a $1.95 delivery fee, with free delivery for purchases of $49 or more. It operates 24/7 in its Philadelphia home base and from noon to 4 a.m. in most other cities, with nearly 60 full-time employees.
"We really want to make a mark here," Gola told CNBC.com, explaining that goPuff sees itself eventually offering its "affordable convenience" in every market in the United States. "We're the people's delivery service."
The company, which operates in a total of 10 cities, including Seattle, Phoenix, Denver and Portland, Oregon, has plans to expand to more cities before year-end. It has also introduced a companion beer-delivery service that operates in Philadelphia and a few other goPuff markets.
(PHILLY) — A two-week sweep across Pennsylvania, West Virginia, New Jersey, and Delaware had 248 foreign nationals arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in an operation aimed at “criminal aliens,” immigration fugitives, and repeat border crossers, the Philadelphia ICE field office announced Monday.
While many of the suspects were targeted for arrest in the Feb. 27-March 10 action, one person who was encountered unexpectedly, a 34-year-old Guatemalan man, “had been deported … on two prior occasions and had a conviction for sexual abuse of a minor,” acting field office director Jennifer Ritchey said in a statement. They were being held without bail in the York County Prison.
Ritchey highlighted the ongoing strain between ICE and Philadelphia, a so-called sanctuary city, which limits its cooperation with federal immigration agents. They said ICE had issued detainers — requests to hold prisoners beyond their normal release times — for several of the people arrested but that Philadelphia “released the individuals from custody” instead of honoring the requests. They said that created “a situation that puts the public at unnecessary risk.”
Put more plainly, the Talmud says: It's your problem, sir; not hers.
The ultra-Orthodox men in Israel who are exerting control over women claim that they are honoring women. In effect they are saying: We do not treat women as sex objects as you in Western society do. Our women are about more than their bodies, and that is why their bodies must be fully covered.
In fact, though, their actions objectify and hyper-sexualize women. Think about it: By saying that all women must hide their bodies, they are saying that every woman is an object who can stir a man's sexual thoughts. Thus, every woman who passes their field of vision is sized up on the basis of how much of their body is covered.  They are not seen as a complete person, only as a potential inducement to sin.
Photo
Of course, once you judge a female human being only through a man's sexualized imagination, you can turn even a modest 8-year-old girl into a seductress and a prostitute.
At heart, we are talking about a blame-the-victim mentality. It shifts the responsibility of managing a man's sexual urges from themselves to every woman they may or may not encounter. It is a cousin to the mentality behind the claim, “She was asking for it.”
So the responsibility is now on the women. To protect men from their sexual thoughts, women must remove their femininity from their public presence, ridding themselves of even the smallest evidence of their own sexuality.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
All of this is done in the name of the Torah and Jewish law.
But it's actually a complete perversion. The Talmud, the foundation of Jewish law, acknowledges that men can be sexually aroused by women and is indeed concerned with sexual thoughts and activity outside of marriage. But it does not tell women that men's sexual urges are their responsibility. Rather, both the Talmud and the later codes of Jewish law make that demand of men.
It is forbidden for a man to gaze sexually at a woman, whether beautiful or ugly, married or unmarried, says the Talmud. Later Talmudic rabbis extended this ban even to “her smallest finger” and “her brightly colored clothing — even if they are drying on the wall.”
To make these the woman's responsibility is to demand that Jewish women cover their hands, and that they not dry their clothes in public. No one has ever said this. At least not yet.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Talmud tells the religious man, in effect: If you have a problem, you deal with it. It is the male gaze — the way men look at women — that needs to be desexualized, not women in public. The power to make sure men don't see women as objects of sexual gratification lies within men's — and only men's — control.
Jewish tradition teaches men and women alike that they should be modest in their dress. But modesty is not defined by, or even primarily about, how much of one's body is covered. It is about comportment and behavior. It is about recognizing that one need not be the center of attention. It is about embodying the prophet Micah's call for modesty: learning “to walk humbly with your God.”
Eight-year-old Naama could teach their attackers a thing or two about modesty.
Dell is bringing the world's first wireless charging laptop to the table, but it's not exactly aimed at the budget conscious.
First unveiled at CES 2017, the 12.3-inch 2-in-1 Latitude 7285 turned heads at the event with its "no wires" experience, cutting cords out of the picture when it comes to juicing it up. Now the computer maker just announced pricing and availability details, and it's not looking pretty.
Dell Latitude 7285 Wireless Charging Laptop Is Pricey
The good news is the Latitude 7285 is already available on Dell's website. The bad news is the price starts at $1,199.99, and that doesn't come with the wireless charging components.
That's somewhat odd considering that wireless charging is arguably the machine's main selling feature, but at any rate, users will have to throw in $199.99 more for the Wireless Charging Mat and another $379.99 for the Wireless Charging Keyboard to make it work.
When the two accessories are bought together, the total is discounted to $549.99 instead of $579.98 if bought separately. To put to and two together, the $1,199.99 Latitude 7285 base model and the "necessary" add-ons boil down to a whopping $1,750.
For the record, the $1,199.99 version houses an Intel Core i5-7Y54 paired with 8 GB of RAM and a 128 GB SSD under the hood. To no one's surprise, it's no gaming powerhouse, relying on integrated HD graphics.
The Latitude 7285's Wireless Charging Is Clever But Impractical
The Latitude 7285 is a 2-in-1 for a good reason: All the core components are crammed into the tablet behind the display. That allows Dell to have more space to do some magic in the attachable keyboard, and it did just that.
The asupervisorstioned Wireless Charging Keyboard is capable of communicating with the Wireless Charging Mat, "sending" power straight to the tablet. Dell says that's all thanks to the Latitude 7285's WiTricity magnetic resonance wireless charging technology.
Put simply, users only have to equip the 2-in-1 with the Wireless Charging Keyboard and place the device on the Wireless Charging Mat to start charging.
"Integrating WiTricity's magnetic resonance wireless charging technology, the device is built to transform any workspace into a clutter-free environment. When combined with a charging mat and WiGig wireless dock (sold separately), users can quickly remove the 2-in-1 from the mat without the need to unplug any cables, and easily return it to the mat to automatically recharge and connect to additional wireless peripherals such as a display, wireless keyboard, and mouse," Dell said.
While it's clever and innovative to say the least, the high price point just makes it more or less impractical.
Long story short, if you want to be one of the first users to get ahold of the world's first wireless charging laptop, you're going to need at least $1,750.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
SANTIAGO, Chile, February 6, 2017 (ENS) – In Chile's worst fire disaster in 50 years, the South American country has lost over half a million hectares to more than 100 wildfires that first flared up in mid-January. The blazes have frustrated firefighters' efforts to control them, with new hot spots emerging daily across the central and southern regions.
Eleven fatalities have been reported, many of them firefighters.
Meteorologists say the entire Southern Hemisphere is experiencing an unusually dry, windy summer, ideal conditions for wildfires to burn out of control.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet has declared a national state of emergency. As of today, 26 fires are more or less under control, but at least six wildfires are still raging, according to the Forestry Operations Center, CONAF.
Cristian Orellana, who manages CONAF in the central Chilean region of Maule has been supervising the response to the largest fire in the country. “In a single night, the fire spread over 10,000 hectares, covering 26 kilometers,” they said.
“The heat was such that even planes couldn't fly over to drop water,” said Orellana. The fire wiped out the entire town of Santa Olga, former home to 4,500 inhabitants.
The fires can reach extreme temperatures, sparking devastating fire-storms spread by strong winds. blazes. Trees are blown off their roots and the fires carbonize everything in their path, leaving only white ash scattered across the hills.
Entire vineyards in Chile's famous wine region have been destroyed.
Thousands of people have had to flee their homes, and over 1,500 houses have been completely destroyed. Families are gathered in makeshift camps, where the Chilean Army has set up tents to shelter those who have lost everything.
Today at a news conference, President Bachelet said, “Chile does not have significant new outbreaks and the others are mostly controlled. That is good news, but it does not mean that we are lowering our guard. On the contrary … we cannot stop fighting or trying to prevent new fires, because we know we are still In the fire season until April, usually.”
Sergio Galilea, Undersecretary of Public Works, will manage reconstruction in the regions of O'Higgins, Maule and Biobío, the president said.
“He must be on the ground, together with the people, listening to their needs, supporting their efforts, mobilizing and streamlining public services within agreed and limited deadlines, because our compatriots can not wait,” said Bachelet.
“This is not just about replacing what was there,” they said. “We have to act thinking about reducing risk situations in the future and giving people and localities more security.”
The European Union is offering assistance through its Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations.
Established in 2001, the EU Civil Protection Mechanism, EUCPM, coordinates national civil protection authorities across Europe to deliver immediate assistance in the aftermath of a disaster.
“I have never seen such widespread damage and such a level of destruction,” says José Almovodovar, an EUCPM expert in forest fires, after viewing the region from a helicopter.
In the last few days, 52 firefighters from Portugal deployed under the EUCPM, have brought some of worst fires under control.
“We have rarely witnessed such extreme behaviors in wildfires,” says Miguel Cruz, the deputy head of Portugal's Protecçao Civil and a veteran of EU Civil Protection deployments in Latin America.
Wild animals are fleeing the forests towards inhabited areas in search of food and shelter, says CODEFF, the BirdLife International affiliate in Chile, which has mobilized volunteers to help them.
Some of the areas affected by the wildfires have been assessed as being Important Bird and Biodiversity Areas by BirdLife International.
Wildlife rehabilitation centers across the country are treating birds, snakes and mammals such as foxes, leopards and cougars.
CODEFF is running a campaign to collect medicines and medical supplies for the treatment of burned animals. Safety equipment is also welcome, as it is used for volunteers, helmets, filter masks, leather gloves and safety shoes are needed.
CODEFF is coordinating with various government agencies and other NGOs to go to the most remote areas in search of injured animals.
The fires can be seen from space, and their pattern includes a massive burn scar near Empedrado. Scientists with the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA says this year's Chilean fires are 10 times more numerous that those recorded during the dry seasons from 2003 to 2016.
“This is unprecedented from my perspective. The smoke plumes are huge in abundance and altitude,” said Michael Fromm, a meteorologist with the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory who has been studying satellite fire data for 15 years. “Fires have gotten much larger and much more energetic than typical for that area.”
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2017. All rights reserved.
Image caption Swingers tend to be established couples
Partner-swapping swingers could be bringing sexually transmitted infections into the general population, Dutch researchers warn.
Of 9,000 sexual health clinic patient consultations, 12% were with swingers, with an average age of 43.
Writing in the journal Sexually Transmitted Infections, the team said swingers should be targeted with health advice, as other at-risk groups are.
UK sexual health experts said swingers should ensure they always used condoms.
There are no reliable estimates of how many people are swingers, defined as straight couples who swap partners, indulge in group sex or visit sex clubs for couples, but experts think there are significant numbers.
The authors say there could be millions worldwide.
If they're off swinging they need to organise condoms and use them Rebecca Finlay., FPA
Over-45s have previously been found to often wrongly believe they had a low risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection (STI).
In this study, the team from the South Limburg Public Health Service studied patients seeking treatment during 2007 and 2008 at sexual health clinics serving a population of 630,000.
Swingers were among those with the highest rates of sexually transmitted infections, along with young people and gay men - who are already recognised as being at high risk.
Combined rates of chlamydia and gonorrhoea were just over 10% among straight people, 14% among gay men, just under 5% in female prostitutes, and 10.4% among swingers.
Female swingers had higher infection rates than male swingers.
More than half (55%) of all diagnoses in the over 45s were made in swingers, compared with around a third (31%) in gay men.
One in 10 older swingers had chlamydia and around one in 20 (4%) had gonorrhoea.
'No discrimination'
Writing in the journal, the team led by Dr Nicole Dukers-Muijeres said: "Swingers differ from non-swinging heterosexual adults by their sexual network, typified by concurrent sexual partners and high rate of unprotected sex.
"These risk behaviours make swingers more prone to STIs, as our study confirms.
"Potentially, they may act as an STI transmission bridge to the entire population."
The added: "While other risk groups for STIs, such as young [straight people] and [gay men] are systematically identified at STI healthcare facilities and provided with appropriate services, this is generally not the case for swingers
"By identifying and testing swingers regularly for STIs, the individual and population burden of STI as well as the spread of STIs can be reduced."
Rebecca Findlay, of the UK's Family Planning Association (FPA), said: "The lesson from this study for British swingers is that they're a risk group for STIs.
"If they're off swinging they need to organise condoms and use them."
A spokesperson for the Health Protection Agency (HPA) added: "Sexually transmitted infections don't discriminate and can affect anyone, at any time of their lives.
"If you are having sex with a new partner and don't use a condom you can catch an STI. If people have put themselves at risk they should get tested, even if they don't have symptoms."
Dresden held commemorative events on Wednesday for past war-time bombing victims in Dresden, England's Coventry and Japan's Hiroshima as some 800 neo-Nazis tried to begin a march near Dresden's main railway station.
Police squads stopped them after a few hundred meters, close to where counter-demonstrators had set up one of three blockades in Dresden's historic inner city.
Since 2009, anti-racist activists have outnumbered neo-Nazis who previously had used Dresden's bombing anniversary to stage large "funeral" marches to recall the demise of Hitler's "Third Reich."
Wednesday's anti-fascist protest marking the 68th anniversary of Dresden's bombing by Allied warplanes was attended by its mayor Helma Orosz and the premier of the surrounding regional state of Saxony, Stanislav Tillich. They are both members of Germany's mainstream conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party.
Also present were US American, Jewish and church representatives.
Anarchronist 'arsonists,' says mayor
Speaking at the city's Heide cemetery where many of the 1945 bombing victims are buried, Mayor Orosz said Dresden belonged to its citizens, not to what they called the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the "arsonists" of the past.
The 200 participants gathered at the Heide cemetery laid white roses on the snow-covered ground for the victims of the war.
Historians estimate that bombs dropped by US and British warplanes over a 37-hour period starting on February 13, 1945, killed 25,000 people. The dead included people displaced inside the-then Nazi Germany near the close of World War II.
Earlier on Wednesday, 3,500 police were deployed in anticipation of violent clashes between the two groupings. In the end, police said events remained largely peaceful, in comparison with 2011, when clashes occurred between ultra-rightists and leftists.
Extremists under scrutiny
In November 2011, revelations of an underground terrorist group - the Nationalist Socialist Underground (NSU) - renewed fears of right-wing extremism in Germany.
The case linked 10 immigrants deaths to three neo-Nazis, as well as a number of bombing attacks and bank robberies. Police had previously thought the murders were mob-related.
Since then, the investigation into the NSU has drawn attention to what appears to be widespread negligence by German authorities who failed to connect the crimes to the group.
ipj/kms (dpa, AFP, epd)
Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter have all vowed to respond to online hate speech in less than twenty-four hours."as part of a joint commitment with the European Union to combat the use of social media by terrorists," Bloomberg reports today. Note that this specifically pertains to Europe, in wake of terrorist attacks. This also comes in light of the fact that the Union of French Jewish Students has repeatedly sued the tech giants including Twitter first over the hashtag #unbonjuif (#agoodJew) back in 2013, and again this year along with SOS Racisme and SOS homophobie. They analyzed 586 posts in a five week period and discovered "only 4% of those flagged posts were deleted from Twitter, 7% from YouTube, and 34% from Facebook."
To reiterate, this is a pledge pertaining to the EU, and specifically France who has different hate speech laws than, say America. Actually the countries all have varying degrees of this, some more Draconian than others. The problem with this tactic on the part of the Big Tech companies is that it is oh so flawed.
While there is no doubt terrorists are using social media for recruitment efforts if not through coordination efforts, I am highly skeptical that tech giants have any substantive measures in mind to thwart ay such efforts. And I say this because in my opinion, for two reasons.
1. They are too big to govern.
Like most entities that are bloated and monopolistic, Google and Facebook are simply too big. When it comes to taking down infringing music videos, Google has its hands full having taken down 180 million (!) videos in 2014 alone. I doubt this number is getting any smaller. By the way, this large number is also a great excuse Google can use-- the sheer volume of videos is hard to police. Perhaps this is why they're still hosting some jihadi videos on Youtube from 2013. They'll get around to it one of these days, right? The question is, how come these companies weren't proactive about hate speech from the start?
2. Their identitarian politics will most likely get in the way, of doing something significant.
Facebook first denied it, but the Guardian substantiated it. Facebook was indeed using real editors, not algorithms to select stories, which showed anti-conservative bias. It was so bad, Mark Zuckerberg had to take a minute from not paying taxes to set up a dog and pony show for Conservative hacks like Glenn Beck to placate them. If in the span of a couple weeks, Facebook went from Categorically Denying Bias Exists, to Doubling Down, to a giant Mea Culpa. Are we really sure they'll be good at differentiating hate speech from speech they don't agree with, especially when they won't admit their own bias?
Understand, Facebook is a private company and can do whatever the hell it wants. If it only wants to show us news about Hillary Clinton, dolphins or gyros, it's their prerogative. We don't pay for it unless you count giving up your data. Still it's not only smarmy of them to deny they are doing so, but hypocritical. Facebook has been actively wanting to show you what it believes you want to see, rather than allowing you to figure it out for yourself. This is also true of Twitter, by the way. It's social engineering under the masquerade of providing a better experience. I totally get that.
The problem can potentially occur though when the same tech giants who have already demonstrated a bias are now going to comply with a country's government and deciding which speech is hate speech. Scotland police currently have a list of 139 words you aren't allowed to say on Facebook. Among some obvious ones (racist, homophobic, etc) are ones that can be used in innocuous ways like "pig" and "cracker" and "knob." In other words they have taken the "we can't moderate everything so we'll just ban words outright," approach. What if Facebook makes that the norm throughout Europe?
As for Twitter, don't they already have a Trust and Safety council? I thought we had that sorted out by now.
Microsoft might seem like the outlier here, especially when you know the NSA has access to both Hotmail and Skype, two Microsoft properties. I assumed they were already actively involved in monitoring speech.
I'm not saying this isn't well-intentioned move on the part of Big Tech. But I'm also not saying it doesn't feel like a PR play to look good in Europe. Right now Europe is scrutinizing how much (or little) American companies are paying in taxes over there. Especially Google. On May 18th French authorities raided Google's offices to uh, collect data on said tax scheme. I have to say for all the applause, this seems like an empty gesture at best, or the Orwellian shape of things to come in Europe at worst.
Advances in genetics now permit to edit one's genome relatively easily. Gene therapy is now used exclusively to fix diseases, but could soon be used by transhumanists for genetic enhancement, such as augmenting one's mental faculties or improving one's physical appearance. What exactly can we modify and what are the risks involved ?
GENE EDITING TOOLS: COPY, PASTE, DELETE, FIX WHATEVER YOU WANT
The 21st century initiated a new era for human genetics, the era of gene therapy. Although gene therapy was first experimented in the 1990's, only single base pairs could be edited, and not always reliably. Many techniques have evolved over the years to modify snipets of one's genome more easily and with accrued accuracy. The most promising, known as CRISPR-Cas9, allows altering larger stretches of DNA in one time. Using a single short strand of RNA in conjunction with a protein that find and cut a desired DNA sequence, an enzyme called Cas9, the CRISPR method makes it easy to replace, delete, or add any desired sequence of DNA.
Older methods of gene therapy have already been used successfully to treat conditions such as leukemia, multiple myeloma, haemophilia, thalassemia, sickle cell anemia, or Parkinson's disease, and even to confer protection against HIV.
Not only is gene therapy the only cure for genetic disorders like color blindness, cystic fibrosis, sickle-cell disease, Tay-Sachs disease or Huntington's disease, it also has the great advantage of being non-invasive, relatively safe and, in most cases, free of side-effects. The method is so promising that it could be used to cure virtually any kind of diseases caused by genetic factors. The advent of new gene editing tools like CRISPR now even enables the alteration of multiple genes in a single injection.
FROM DESIGNER BABIES TO TRANSHUMANISM
The 1997 movie Gattaca dreamed up a future society where potential children are conceived through genetic manipulation to ensure they possess the best hereditary traits of their parents. This isn't genetic engineering though. Babies are conceived with the aid of genetic screening, meaning that the best egg and sperm from each parent are selected to produce the most desirable offspring.
Since the movie was released, the cost of DNA sequencing has dropped one million times, passing from one base pair per dollar in 1997 to 1 million base pairs per dollar in 2013. This makes genetic screening extremely affordable today, and it is indeed already being practiced in a number of countries. Yet it would take many generations to produce superhumans with this method. It may not even be possible for everyone, since genetic selection can only foster pre-existing genetic variants, but not enhance one's genes. To take an easy example, a couple with blue eyes will only produce blue-eyed kids, no matter how many eggs and sperms are analysed for the selection.
Genetic engineering would be the solution to create true designer babies. People could choose to change their baby's DNA to get rid of unwanted potential diseases. As we are at it why not also remove some “fat genes” by speeding up the metabolism. Or change the baby's eye colour ? Wouldn't it be nice to increase his/her intelligence a bit while we are at it ? Then we get an “on measure” designer baby.
Genetic engineering raises ethical concerns, as genetic modifications could potentially cause unexpected results. What if the child ends up with a previously unknown genetic disorder and ends up suffering, or even dying from it ?
A lot of people might also object to designer babies on the grounds that the new generation would be “better” than they could ever be. They would envy or fear this new generation of “perfect” individuals. Surely we would lose our jobs to them. Once intelligence has been raised considerably, parents would look stupid, if not pathetic, in their kids' eyes. Then what if we mistook and ended up regretting our designer babies because they looked so different from us anyway ? Once they are born, there is no going back. That isn't true and this is where gene therapy steps in.
The great advantage of gene therapy is that it can correct deletrious genetic mutations or turn genes on and off almost on demand in any individual. There is no need for designer babies when children can be given the choice to modify their own DNA later in life. Or seen from a different angle, there is far less to fear from choosing to have a genetically modified/enhanced baby when we know that any potential problem can be fixed later.
Furtermore, the parents themselves could use the opportunity to refine their own DNA. There is no more excuse of fearing that the new generations will be better than us. Gene therapy is so revolutionary that it could be used to change one's physical appearance or improve physical capabilities and mental faculties. It would be possible to change skin, hair or eye colour with a single injection, and even change back later, or choose other tones, almost at will. Unlike plastic surgeries, there is no reason to be afraid to not like the result. Don't like it ? Just edit your DNA and get a new injection. Contrarily to plastic surgery it is pain free and you can't die on the operation table.
The moral message in Gattaca was that genetic selection (or engineering) would ultimately lead to a society divided between the rich, who can afford designer babies, and would become superhumans, and the poor who couldn't afford it, and would consequently end up being ruled by the former. But that argument has already been made obsolete by cheap DNA tests. 2014 will see the price of the full human genome fall to $1,000, and that should fall to a paltry $100 in a few years' time. Gene therapy is also getting increasingly affordable, and by the time it becomes acceptable and legal to use it for personal enhancements (which may still take another decade), virtually anybody could afford it too.
TOWARD A GENETICALLY ENHANCED SOCIETY ?
Few people would question the use of gene therapy to get rid of crippling or deadly diseases. The benefits are so overwhelming that only the most stubborn religious fundamentalist could oppose it. Since the concept of cheap and easy gene therapy to enhance one's looks or capabilities is so novel, most people have never properly thought about the issue before.
There are many arguments in favour of gene therapy for the purpose of improving one's physical appearance. For example:
It is safer and far more effective than plastic surgery, which a lot of people are already doing anyway. Fewer people will be depressed or commit suicide because they don't like themselves. A society made of beautiful people will be more cheerful and pleasant for everyone, and people will not be judged solely on looks anymore, but more for their personality, interests, good actions, etc.
One common objection to using genetic engineering to increase one's looks and intelligence is that people will end all looking the same and thinking alike. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Notwithstanding the ease of editing one's DNA with the new methods of gene therapy, it is doubtful that the genetic engineering part will make it possible any time soon to decide what our face should look like. Altering pigmentation is easy enough. Modifying a few base pairs in your genome will give you fairer or darker eyes or skin. But facial morphology is quite another matter. We couldn't even accurately describe a face with words, so how are we supposed to find the DNA sequences responsible for, say, nose shape or the position of cheek bones ? Theoretically it's possible, but humanity will be free of genetic diseases and disorders long before we can master facial design through genetic engineering.
Our genes are like a recipe for making a body. They give simple instructions like how many cells should become a liver and how fast the body should grow. Editing the genome before birth, or at least in early childhood, could modify the way we grow up. But adults will probably not be able to change their bone structure with gene therapy. Once the bones have grown, you can't shrink them or change their shape.
The same also applies for the brain structure. It is theoretically possible to regrow neurons (although through stem cell therapy rather than gene therapy) and to modify the brain's chemistry (with medications or gene therapy), but not the connections inside the brain. This is why it won't be possible to radically alter intelligence or personality in adults. At best we could hope to improve the memory and thinking speed, or get rid of addictions (by modifying dopamine receptors).
Improving one's mental faculties though gene therapy might prove more difficult for a number of reasons.
It has proved quite difficult to identify genes for intelligence, becauseintelligence is a vague concept that can mean many different things. Is intelligence a gift for numbers, for words, for music, for social relationships, for drawing, for understanding mechanism ? Intelligence doesn't depend only on genes, but also on a variety of other factors such as fetal development during pregnancy, the home environment and intellectual stimulation while being raised as a child, and so on. Intelligence depends a lot on the effort and dedication spent to improve one's abilities. Furthermore, the more time one spends developing some abilities, the less is available for other abilities. That is why people who are extremely gifted in one field often lack in other fields. The same is true of memory. Good memory requires regular practice, just like sports. And memory declines with age, or with smoking, fatty diet and many other environmental factors.
There are so many non-genetic factors involved in intelligence that even if we could raise a bit of people's potential to learn and memorize, the world wouldn't suddenly be filled with geniuses. There would still be as much diversity as today, but with slightly more capable people in their respective fields of interest, which isn't a bad thing.
Considering the numerous non-genetic factors contributing to our intelligence and personality, there is no reason to believe that the widespread use of gene therapy for personal enhancement would create an overly uniformized society.
This doesn't mean we should all start modifying our genes right now. Very little is known about the function of the four billions base pairs in our genome. Only a few thousands have been conclusively linked with diseases or traits. It will take many more years, and probably decades before we fully understand the role and function of every polymorphism.
The genes regulating the brain are particularly complex and account for a substantial portion of our genome. At least a third of the approximately 20,000 different genes that make up the human genome are active (expressed) primarily in the brain. So while in theory it would be a good thing to raise the overall intelligence of humankind, not much can be done at the moment.
What can be done now, besides fixing diseases, is change simple traits like skin tone, eye colour, hair colour, hair curliness, and perhaps even reduce body fat or slightly ameliorate physical fitness. Changing the dopamine receptors (notablyDRD2) and serotonin transporter (SLC6A4) could also cure or alleviate gambling addiction, nicotine dependence, alcoholism, ADHD and other conditions.
Theoretically we also have the knowledge to change one's blood type (see ABO blood group and disease resistance) and the HLA genes regulating the immune system. It may be harder to predict the effects of such changes on the body's biochemistry, so it should be done only in people with serious autoimmune diseases clearly linked to a specific HLA type (e.g. HLA-B27 is a major risk factor for ankylosing spondylitis).
To get an overview of what can potentially be fixed, enhanced or customized by editing our genes, check How much of us can we change through gene therapy ?
###
Maciamo Hay is a researcher in genetics, as well as a futurist, philosopher, historian, linguist, and travel writer.  They are also deeply interested in neurosciences, psychology, anthropology and cultural studies. They have achieved fluency in six foreign languages.
Maciamo has lived in eight countries and currently resides in Brussels, Belgium.
This article originally appeared on their website on futurism and transhumanism here http://www.vitamodularis.org/articles/fix_diseases_and_improve_yourself_through_gene_therapy.shtml
Related articles
Is Canada becoming the perfect North American launch location for a new technology business? Recent trends make it appear so. Dozens of new tech companies have launched in, or moved to Canada, primarily Vancouver and Toronto/Waterloo, and begun growth trajectories. Dozens more are starting up monthly.
[np_storybar title=”Why now is an ideal time for startups in Canada” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2012/10/15/why-now-is-an-ideal-time-for-startups-in-canada/”%5D
Erin Bury: To get some insight into the current small business landscape, I decided to poll some Canadian entrepreneurs and investors. I asked each of them one question: Why is right now a great time to start a small business in Canada?
Continue reading.
[/np_storybar]
This trend became noticeable earlier this year when the 2012 report from San Francisco's Startup Genome project placed Toronto, 8th and Vancouver 9th in the list of Top 10 startup regions in the world. Waterloo, Ont. placed 16, although it could be said that Waterloo and Toronto form a single startup corridor.
RingCredible, a five-year-old Dutch VoIP company that's application allows anyone to make telephone calls to any mobile or land-line phone in the world launched at a Canada 3.0 conference in Toronto. Its reasoning is likely to be reflected by many other foreign companies hoping to conquer North American markets.
Ring Credible, which charges 1¢ a minute for usage in Canada, chose the country to launch its North American expansion because its telephone market is “ripe for disruption,” Hans Osnabrugge, RingCredible's chief executive, said on a RingCredible call from the Netherlands.
“The current telecom climate in Canada is one of the worst in the world,” they observed. “There are not many countries left where both caller and receiver have to pay for a call. And calling rates are extremely high.”
Also, Canada's different culture and proximity to the U.S. make it better suited for a company launch or expansion. The culture is “laid back and inclusive” and the mindset is more about team building than the competitive ferocity and demand for hyper-growth that are common characteristics of New York or Silicon Valley, they said.
“The U.S. is a more individualistic country, where you have to be the top dog all the time, while in Canada companies work together,” Mr. Osnabrugge said. “Companies here have a bigger goal than making it in a month. You can take more time.”
In Vancouver, young tech entrepreneurs are dotted across the downtown area, creating apps or digital companies and the GROW incubator and accelerator launches new companies regularly. Cedars Online, a large aggregator of consumer service in cosmetic surgery founded in New York, set up a year ago, citing Vancouver's location as one of its main reasons. Cedars founder Aman Datta said the city had a wealth of top talent, a perfect location, a strong startup culture, and was close to its chosen markets, California and Asia. Unfortunately, Cedars failed to gain enough traction in its market and was closed this year by investors.
Michael Litt, founder and chief executive of Waterloo-based Vidyard, which provides a video-marketing platform to online businesses, took some Silicon Valley advice and returned to Canada.
An alumnus of the famed YCombinator accelerator in San Francisco, Mr. Litt worked for a year in California and, after they started their company, returned to Canada to grow it.
“We raised some capital there and a famous investor told us that if we were going to create a B2B (business to business) company, we should go somewhere else because the Valley was mostly B2C (business to consumer),” they said. “There, a B2B company has to be very cool to attract talent. Also, talent there is very expensive and mobile.”
For Hongwei Liu, the 21-year-old chief executive of MappedIn, whose “wayfinding” app creates smartphone-and-kiosk-based guides around malls, convention centres, and other large building complexes, Canada beats Silicon Valley hands down because it better incubates startups involved in the B2B technology space.
They agreed, “Most startups in Ontario are B2B, while in the Valley they're mostly B2C (business-to-consumer).”
“There, investors like making big bets with B2C so they can make a bigger score.”
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey will take a more active role in addressing the conflict in Syria in the next six months to prevent the war-torn country being divided along ethnic lines, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Saturday.
Yildirim also told a group of reporters in Istanbul that while Syrian President Bashar al-Assad could have a role in the interim leadership, they must play no part in its future.
Syria's more than five-year conflict has taken on an ethnic dimension, with Kurdish groups carving out their own regions, and periodically battling insurgent groups from Syria's Arab majority whose priority is to overthrow Assad.
Turkey fears the strengthening of Kurdish militant groups in Syria will further embolden its own Kurdish insurgency, which flared anew following the collapse of a ceasefire between militants and the state last year.
“Turkey we will be more active in the Syria issue in the coming six months as a regional player. This means to not allow Syria to be divided on any ethnic base, for Turkey this is crucial,” Yildirim said.
On Friday Syrian Kurdish authorities evacuated thousands of civilians from Kurdish areas of Hasaka following Syrian government air strikes, the Kurdish YPG militia said.
The fighting this week in Hasaka, which is divided into zones of Kurdish and Syrian government control, marks the most violent confrontation between the Kurdish YPG militia and Damascus in the civil war.
It came a week after Turkey and Russia, Assad's strongest military backer, repaired ties following Turkey's downing of a Russian jet late last year.
The YPG and Syrian government forces had mostly left each other to their own devices in the conflict, during which Kurdish groups have exploited the collapse of state control to establish autonomy across much of the country's north.
The Kurdish YPG militia is an integral part of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which are at the heart of Washington's military campaign against Islamic State group and last week seized the northern town of Manbij from the militants.
Despite the intensified military involvement of world powers, including the former Cold War foes, Yildirim said they were optimistic that Iran, Gulf Arab states, Russia and the United States, could work jointly to find a solution.
They said discussions, however, must take place between the local actors in the war: “Assad's counterparts there are the opposition groups to the regime. It is out of the question for us to sit down with Assad or any other group there and discuss anything.”
In what coach Patrick Roy called a “good practice”, the Avalanche went through its paces Tuesday morning for its first time in the playoffs in preparation for a first-round series with the Minnesota Wild.
Defenseman Jan Hejda, the team's second-leading minutes leader in the regular season behind Erik Johnson, missed practice with an upper-body injury. But Roy said Hejda is considered day-to-day and expected them to be ready for Game 1 on Thursday night.
Center Matt Duchene (knee) did not practice and is not expected to play in the first two games at minimum. Rookie Nathan MacKinnon, the probable Calder Trophy winner, will start the playoffs at center on a line with Ryan O'Reilly and P.A. Parenteau.
“It's something we're going to start with. Is it going to stay that way? I'm not sure,” Roy said. “It brings some speed in the middle, which I like. I think it's good to have that option for us.”
Roy also gave some hope that third-line center John Mitchell could be back before long. Roy indicated Sunday that Mitchell has a concussion, but said they have been doing better.
“We'll know more in a few days, but he's looked better every day,” Roy said. “I'm confident they play somewhere in that playoff.”
TOUT: Avs practice Tuesday to prepare for Wild
With Duchene out, MacKinnon knows they will draw extra attention from a good Wild defense.
“Obviously, with ‘Dutchy' out it puts a lot more pressure on everybody else. But we have tons of good forwards. It's not just going to be me that they're going to be paying attention to,” MacKinnon said. “I think it's good that, if they key on one guy, we'll have other guys step up. They're going to have to kind of choose who they want to pick their battles with.”
Roy said their team will approach the postseason just like it did the regular one: with a one-day-at-a-time, even-keeled approach.
“You focus on what you can control, and what we can control is how we're going to play,” Roy said. “I've always believed you can't just turn the switch on and off. It's a process. Everything you've been doing all year, you're coming to this moment now. Thursday, I think we just need to focus on what we've been doing all year, and who we are as a team and not change anything.”
Adrian Dater: adater@denverpost.com or twitter.com/adater
To be a successful Windows phone app developer one needs to be on top of every aspect of the app life-cycle which not just includes the development of the app but also following key aspects:
Research – Analysis of similar/competitor apps, Discovery of pre-built tools, libraries, UI controls, icons and resources available for app development. App reviews tracking – To be on top of how users are responding to your app. App rank monitoring – To check how popular your apps are in respective category and overall (in different markets). Stats tracking – App Downloads, crashes and revenues Development news – Keeping up to-date with Windows Phone development news.
Few kind developers and publishers have made Windows phone apps to ease off some of the processes mentioned above. I am listing down all such apps that I use myself and found them to be must have for any Windows Phone developer.
(If you find any of the apps you use missing from the list, or if you have developed any app which helps developers, then let me know in comments below and I will add it to the list.)
Having this app is a no-brainer and chances are that you would already have it. Dev Center is an official app from ‘”Microsoft Corporation” and is a mobile companion of your development dashboard (dev.windowsphone.com).
Dev Center integrates a lot of features that you have on your developer dashboard like download and crash trends of your apps, translated user reviews (worldwide) of apps and your payments info. It also offers a live tile, which makes it quite the candidate to be one of your start screen tiles. Stats and live tile usually update once in a day.
Price: Dev Center is a FREE app!
Next up is App Spotlights by “DotNetApp”. Published less than a month ago, this app has already become an indispensable tool for Windows Phone developers. It offers something that neither Dev Center app nor the online dashboard at dev.windowsphone.com offers. It allows you to track your app getting featured (spotlight) by the Windows Phone store. It is also capable of showing detailed history of where and when your apps were in the spotlight. This tool can not only help you track why you see a sudden jump in your download count but can also be a big bragging tool . It will also help you track the visibility of your competitor apps. Toast and Live Tile notifications offered by the app is a plus.
App Spotlights is backed up by windows azure hosted servers and the app performance is very good. Sébastien Lachance is the guy behind this app and is also a Nokia Developer Champion. You can find them on Twitter @archiecoder
Price: App Spotlights is offered at $1.49 and is worth its price. There is also a trial mode available.
App Rank is developed by Slobodan Stipic and is currently one and only app to offer you real-time app ranking of your apps (if present in the top 1000) in 65 Windows Phone Stores around the globe. Apart from overall ranking and category ranking it also offers average user rating, user rating since last update, number of user reviews and number of user reviews since last update (for each market).
What is an App's Rank?
It's the number at which an app gets shown in its own category (e.g. social) or overall in the Windows Phone store. Rankings are generally determined by how popular (downloads and ratings) the app has been recently, how frequently (or seldom) it crashed, how often users pinned the app to their start screen etc. etc. If an app is ranked higher, it means users will be able to find the app easily while browsing a particular category.
Price: It's available as FREE (Ad-supported) as well as PAID $1.99
This is one of those apps that come in handy when you are in need of pre-built custom UI controls, utility libraries and icons. Next time when such a need arises, you can head straight to this app and browse through it to see if it is available in various toolkits, libraries and icon packs that this app demos.
WinPhone DevHub provides access to demos of the most popular control libraries (e.g. Coding4Fun toolkit, Silverlight Phone toolkit, Aviary Photo SDK, amCharts etc.) and set of Application Bar icon packs (Templarian, Pedro Lamas, Aha-Soft free pack etc.). Having a demo of the control available to you can help you quickly play with it to decide whether to use it in your app or not. This can save you a lot of time as you won't have to code-up to see how the control actually looks or behaves before taking a decision.
WinPhone DevHub is frequently updated with newer version of the libraries available as well as to include newer resources.
Price: FREE (ad-supported)
Telerik provides a great premium component library called RadControls for Windows Phone. It offers more than 45 beautifully designed custom controls and many other utility libraries for Windows Phone Development and is an absolute must if you want to save 100s of hours of development time.
Telerik Examples app is a great showcase of these beautiful controls and does a very nice job of presenting the various possibilities of how these controls can be used. The app also allows you to view each demo's source code.
In my opinion having this app and browsing through it's examples can give you a lot of ideas of the ways your app can present its own data to the user even if you don't actually use RadControls.
Price: Telerik Examples is a FREE app
(Note: RadControls for Windows Phone costs $99 however you can get it for FREE if you join the Nokia Premium Developer Program)
Telerik's RadControls for Windows Phone not only provides components and libraries for Windows Phone but also 50+ great Design templates which can be used easily to represent your content in a beautiful manner. Telerik Design Templates app is provided by Telerik as showcase of these templates.
Similar to the other app offered by Telerik, having this app will also enable you to brainstorm through various design choices to represent the content in your app. As I said earlier, whether you use Telerik controls in your apps or not, these templates are good demonstration of Windows Phone User Interface design and can be a good inspiration source for your own app design.
Price: Telerik Design Templates is a FREE app
(Note: RadControls for Windows Phone costs $99 however you can get it for FREE if you join the Nokia Premium Developer Program)
WPCentral is your best source of anything related to Windows Phone. WPCentral will keep you up-to date with the latest happenings in the Windows Phone world. With this you can be on top of upcoming new apps by other developers, apps which are getting popular, and can gain insight into what users want by reading user comments. WPCentral also has separate developer section in its forum where developers can collaborate, ask questions, and showcase their new apps.
The WPCentral app for Windows Phone is a well made app and offers a variety of features including full support for browsing, posting and replying in forums. WPCentral also accepts tips for app reviews so don't miss submitting your own apps.
Price: WPCentral costs $0.99 and also has a trial mode which is ad-supported with limited functionality.
More apps that you should definitely check out:
I have not included, many of review reading apps (like App Reviews) here as they no longer work due to zune api changes. Dev Center app already includes reviews of apps and makes all other review reading apps redundant.
Your comments on the above list are welcome! I plan to keep this list up-to-date with newer apps as and when they are available so you are welcome to suggest an app in the comments. . Thanks!
The 115th Congress is only a month old, but one House Democrat has already begun comparing it to the Russian oligarchy.
Rep. Jim McGovern (Mass.) on Wednesday lamented the House GOP's routine use of a procedure to consider legislation without allowing any amendments, known as a closed rule.
Adding to McGovern's frustration was the fact that the measures slated for votes on Tuesday to overturn two Obama-era regulations had been rushed to the House floor without going through the regular committee process.
ADVERTISEMENT
The 10-term lawmaker invoked Russian President Vladimir Putin's name while coining a new description for the procedure.
“We are only one month into 2017, and today we have another closed rule. Or as I call them: Putin rules. This is the kind of process they have in Russia. No amendments, no debate, no nothing, completely shut down. It's your way or the highway.”
“This is not the way the United States House of Representatives, the greatest deliberative body in the world, should be run,” McGovern, a member of the House Rules Committee, said during floor debate.
House Republicans have routinely used closed rules to consider legislation since taking control of the chamber in 2011. They also frequently allow limited numbers of amendments on bills.
And until last year, House GOP leaders allowed members of both parties to offer unlimited numbers of amendments to annual government spending bills. That ended after Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-N.Y.) proposed amendments to enforce an executive order prohibiting federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation.
The adoption of Maloney's amendments scuttled GOP support for the underlying spending bills, causing GOP leaders to conclude a more limited amendment process would keep Democrats forcing votes that embarrassed Republicans.
Unlike the Senate, where individual lawmakers have more influence, members of the minority party have traditionally had limited ability to stop the majority party's agenda.
Democrats during Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) term as Speaker also used closed rules prohibiting floor amendments. But Republicans have turned to the procedure more often while in power over the last six years, according to a report from Democrats on the House Rules Committee.
"This is not a deliberative body anymore. We're not talking about things anymore. It's basically whatever the leadership wants, whatever Donald Trump wants, you bring it to the floor, rubber-stamp it, and that's it," McGovern said.
McGovern's Putin comparison follows other Democrats using increasingly harsh language to describe President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and congressional Republicans. On Tuesday, House Democratic Caucus Chairman Joseph Crowley (N.Y.) called Trump a "coward."
COPENHAGEN (AFP) - Videos of women being decapitated alive have been found on the hard drive of a maverick Danish inventor accused of murdering a Swedish journalist aboard their home-made submarine, the prosecutor said on Tuesday (Oct 3).
Accused of Kim Wall's death and desecrating their body by throwing it overboard, self-taught engineer Peter Madsen appeared in court where their custody was extended until Oct 31.
In a case that has gripped world audiences, Wall, 30, vanished after interviewing Madsen aboard their submarine on Aug 10.
Them headless torso was found floating in waters off Copenhagen on Aug 21.
Madsen, 46 and married, has maintained that they died on board when a 70kg hatch door fell on their head, and in a panic they threw them overboard. They insisted their body was intact at the time.
Prosecutors believe however that they dismembered them before throwing them into the sea.
Prosecutor Jakob Buch-Jepsen told the court on Tuesday that a hard disk found in Madsen's workshop contained fetish films in which real women were tortured, decapitated and burned.
"This hard drive doesn't belong to me," Madsen insisted, saying numerous people had access to their workshop.
"We had, among others, an intern living there," they said.
Related Story Danish inventor Peter Madsen denies abuse of corpse charge in submarine case
Prosecutors believe Madsen killed Wall as part of a sexual fantasy, then dismembered and mutilated their body.
The final autopsy on the torso was not able to establish the cause of death. However, it did show multiple mutilation wounds to Wall's genitals.
Police continue to search for the rest of them remains.
Wall worked as a freelance journalist based in New York and China, and their articles were published in The Guardian, The New York Times and others.
FOR everyone else it was the glaciers: for the Dutch it was the flooding. Last January errors in the work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) hit the headlines. The chapter on Asia in the report by the IPCC's second working group, charged with looking at the impact of climate change and adapting to it, mistakenly claimed that the Himalayan glaciers would be gone by 2035. This contradicted some reasonably basic physics, had not been predicted by the glacier specialists in the first working group (which deals with the natural science of past and future climate change) and was unsupported by any evidence. There was a report from the 1990s which said something similar about all the world's non-polar glaciers, but it gave the date as 2350. Then there was a crucial typo and some shoddy referencing. Nevertheless the IPCC's chair, Rajendra Pachauri, had lashed out at people bringing the criticism up, accusing them of “voodoo science”. They then had to eat their words, and set up, with Ban Ki-moon, a panel to look into ways the IPCC might be improved.
Inspired by this to look for other errors, a journalist for a Dutch newspaper spotted that the chapter on Europe gave a figure for the area of the Netherlands below sea level that was much too large. The area at risk of flooding by the sea had been conflated with that at risk of flooding by the Rhine and the Meuse rivers. That the careful Dutch should have provided faulty information and not spotted it in the review process was an embarrassment to the then environment minister, Jacqueline Cramer; following a debate in parliament they called on the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency (PBL), an independent body, to look at all the regional chapters in the working group II report and make sure they were up to snuff. This the PBL has now done; its report was published on July 5th.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The authors try hard to make clear that their findings do not undermine the IPCC's conclusions on climate change. And there is nothing in their report as egregious as the glaciers or as embarrassing as the Dutch sea level. But they did find a number of things to take issue with, most of which they thought minor but eight of which they classed as major; and their work seems to bring out a systemic tendency to stress negative effects over positive ones. This tendency can be defended. But a reading of the report suggests there may also be broader and potentialy more misleading bias. The PBL report chose as its main focus a table in the “Summary for Policymakers” of the IPCC's 2007 “Synthesis Report”, which brings together the results of working groups one, two and three (which deals with responses to climate change). Where did these bullet points actually come from, the PBL team asked, and how well supported were they?
The auditors found one new error which they deemed major: a statement about the frequency of turbulence in South African fishing waters which had been translated directly into a statement about the productivity of the fisheries. The IPCC has indicated it will produce an erratum for this, and for a number of other errors all concerned deemed minor. But the PBL also identified seven statements, which, while not errors, it thought were deserving of comment (for which read criticism).
Perhaps the most striking relates to Africa. The table in the summary for policymakers reads: “By 2020, in some countries, yields from rain-fed agriculture could be reduced by up to 50%.” The evidence on which this is based says only that yields during years in which there are droughts could be reduced by 50%. Furthermore, the relevant reference applies only for Morocco—and it cites as its source an earlier paper that the PBL says no one, including the IPCC authors, now seems able to find.
Other criticisms turn on a tendency to generalise. Research showing decreased yields of millet, groundnuts and cowpeas in Niger become a claim that crop yields are decreasing in the Sahel, the strip that separates the Sahara from the savannah in Africa, rather than that the yields of some crops are decreasing in some parts of the Sahel. The results of research on cattle in Argentina are applied to livestock (which would include pigs, chickens, llamas and the rest) throughout South America. The expert authors do not provide a compelling reason for their claim that fresh water availability will decline overall in south, east and southeast Asia, or that the balance of climate-related effects on the health of Europeans will be negative.
With the exception of the South African fisheries it is not clear that any of this is wrong, which is why, on these matters, the PBL does not speak of error. Martin Parry, a specialist in agriculture who was the co-chair of the second working group's report, defends their colleagues' work. Agriculture in other parts of North Africa is very like that in Morocco, and during droughts the crop yields there already drop by more than 50%. To say that yields decline in the Sahel does not mean all crop yields in all of the Sahel. Cattle make up most of Latin America's livestock, and much of the rest of it can be expected to do worse. The IPCC does not just assemble evidence, Parry stresses: it assesses it. When its expert authors weigh their words on things like water in Asia and health effects in Europe they do so in the context of a wide range of knowledge. And they do so in ways that cannot be reduced to ticks in the boxes of Dutch assessors going through things line by line four years later.
The authors might better document the extra insight brought to bear, and be more transparent about the application of their judgment. But at 1000 pages the Working Group II report alone is already a challenge to the book-binder's art. Does it really need to be longer?
Another problem identified by the PBL analysis is that, in general, negative impacts are stressed over positive ones. The table in the summary for policymakers is almost unremittingly bad news; the conclusions in the chapters that fed into it, while far from cheery, were more mixed. In a similar way, when there is a range of possible impacts, the top end of the range tends to get more play in the summaries for policymakers than the bottom end does. The PBL says that this is a reasonable way to proceed in a document that is explicitly aimed at policymakers thinking about adaptation, but it is not clear how transparent this approach is to readers.
This may reflect a larger issue. Work on the impacts of climate change—the literature Working Group II assesses—tends to focus on vulnerabilities and damage for much the same reason the IPCC authors do. They seem more important, more urgent and quite possibly more fundable. The UN Framework Convention on Climate Change requires countries to assess their vulnerabilities, and these assessments are fodder for Working Group II (one of them was the source for the 50% drop in rain fed agriculture yields). Thus the evidence base from which an assessment of impacts has to start is to some extent skewed.
Perhaps the most worrying thing about the PBL report, though, is a rather obvious one about which its authors say little. In all ten of the issues that the PBL categorised as major (the original errors on glaciers and Dutch sea level, and the eight others identified in the report), the impression that the reader gets from the IPCC is more strikingly negative than the impression which would have been received if the underlying evidence base had been reflected as the PBL would have wished, with more precise referencing, more narrow interpretation and less authorial judgment. A large rise in heat related deaths in Australia is mentioned without noting that most of the effect is due to population rather than climate change. A claim about forest fires in northern Asia seems to go further than the evidence referred to—in this case a speech by a politician—would warrant.
The Netherlands look more floodable, Asian glaciers more fragile. A suspicion thus gains ground that the way in which the IPCC sythesises, generalises and checks its findings may systematically favour adverse outcomes in a way that goes beyond just serving the needs of policymakers. Anecdotally, authors bemoan fights to keep caveats in place as chapters are edited, refined and summarised. The PBL report does not prove or indeed suggest systematic bias, and it stresses that it has found nothing that should lead the parliament of the Netherlands, or anyone else, to reject the IPCC's findings. But the panel set up to look at the IPCC's workings by Dr Pachauri and Mr Ban should ask some hard questions about systematic tendencies to accentuate the negative.
Today, at an event out in Portland hosting the who's who of the...Portland food scene, the James Beard Foundation announced the final nominees for the 2011 James Beard Awards (the semifinalists were announced back in February). The award show and gala will take place in New York City on May 9, and as usual, we'll be there live to document the goings on.
Categories of note in the restaurant and chef:
Best new restaurant finalists: Jean-Georges Vongerichten's ABC Kitchen (NYC), Corey Lee's Benu (San Francisco, Stephanie Izard's Girl & the Goat (Chicago), Barbara Lynch's Menton (Boston), and Mario Carbone and Rich Torrisi's Torrisi Italian Specialties (NYC).
Outstanding Chef Award finalists: José Andrés (Minibar, Washington, D.C.), Gary Danko (Restaurant Gary Danko, San Francisco), Suzanne Goin (Lucques, Los Angeles), Paul Kahan (Blackbird, Chicago), and Charles Phan (The Slanted Door, San Francisco).
Outstanding Restaurant Award finalists: Blue Hill (NYC), Boulevard (San Francisco), Eleven Madison Park (NYC), Highlands Bar and Grill (Birmingham, AL), and Vetri (Philadelphia).
Rising Star Chef of the Year Award finalists: Aaron London (Ubuntu, Napa, CA), Thomas McNaughton (flour + water, San Francisco), Gabriel Rucker (Le Pigeon, Portland, OR), Christina Tosi (Momofuku Milk Bar, NYC), and Sue Zemanick (Gautreau's, New Orleans).
The full list of nominees below:
2011 James Beard Foundation Design and Graphics Awards
Winners will be announced on May 9, 2011
Outstanding Restaurant Design
For the best restaurant design or renovation in North America since January 1, 2008
Design Firm: Aidlin Darling Design
Designers: Joshua Aidlin, Roslyn Cole, and David Darling
Project: Bar Agricole, San Francisco
Design Firm: Bestor Architecture
Designers: Barbara Bestor, John Colter, and Cathy Johnson
Project: Pitfire Pizza, Los Angeles
Design Firm: Natoma Architects Inc.
Designer: Stanley Saitowitz
Project: Toast, Novato, CA
Outstanding Restaurant Graphics
For the best restaurant graphics executed in North America since January 1, 2008
Design Firm: Katie Barcelona
Designer: Katie Barcelona
Project: L'Artusi, NYC
Design Firm: Love and War
Designer: Katie Tully
Project: The National Bar & Dining Rooms, NYC
Design Firm: JNL Graphic Design
Designers: Donald Madia and Jason Pickleman
Project: The Publican, Chicago
2011 James Beard Foundation Restaurant and Chef Awards
Winners will be announced on May 9, 2011
Best New Restaurant
Presented by Mercedes-Benz
A restaurant opened in 2010 that already displays excellence in food, beverage, and service and is likely to have a significant impact on the industry in years to come.
ABC Kitchen
NYC
Chef/Owner: Jean-Georges Vongerichten
Owner: Phil Suarez
Benu
San Francisco
Chef/Owner: Corey Lee
Girl & the Goat
Chicago
Chef/Owner: Stephanie Izard
Owners: Kevin Boehm, Rob Katz, and Daniel Russo
Menton
Boston
Chef/Owner: Barbara Lynch
Torrisi Italian Specialties
NYC
Chefs/Owners: Mario Carbone and Rich Torrisi
Outstanding Chef Award
Presented by All-Clad Metalcrafters
A working chef in America whose career has set national industry standards and who has served as an inspiration to other food professionals. Candidates must have been working as chefs for at least the past 5 years.
José Andrés
Minibar
Washington, D.C.
Gary Danko
Restaurant Gary Danko
San Francisco
Suzanne Goin
Lucques
Los Angeles
Paul Kahan
Blackbird
Chicago
Charles Phan
The Slanted Door
San Francisco
Outstanding Pastry Chef Award
Presented by All-Clad Metalcrafters
A chef or baker who prepares desserts, pastries, or breads and who serves as a national standard-bearer for excellence. Candidates must have been pastry chefs or bakers for at least the past 5 years.
Joanne Chang
Flour Bakery + Café
Boston
Patrick Fahy
Blackbird
Chicago
Dahlia Narvaez
Osteria Mozza
Los Angeles
Angela Pinkerton
Eleven Madison Park
NYC
Mindy Segal
Mindy's HotChocolate
Chicago
Outstanding Restaurant Award
A restaurant in the United States that serves as a national standard-bearer for consistent quality and excellence in food, atmosphere, and service. Candidates must have been in operation for at least 10 or more consecutive years.
Blue Hill
NYC
Chef/Owner: Dan Barber
Owners: David Barber and Laureen Barber
Boulevard
San Francisco
Chef/Owner: Nancy Oakes
Owner: Pat Kuleto
Eleven Madison Park
NYC
Owner: Danny Meyer
Highlands Bar and Grill
Birmingham, AL
Chef/Owner: Frank Stitt
Owner: Pardis Stitt
Vetri
Philadelphia
Chefs/Owners: Marc Vetri and Jeff Benjamin
Outstanding Restaurateur Award
A working restaurateur who sets high national standards in restaurant operations and entrepreneurship. Candidates must have been in the restaurant business for at least 10 years. Candidates must not have been nominated for a James Beard Foundation chef award in the past 10 years.
Bruce Bromberg and Eric Bromberg
Blue Ribbon Restaurants
NYC
Tom Douglas
Dahlia Bakery, Dahlia Lounge, Etta's, Lola, Palace Kitchen, Seatown Seabar & Rotisserie, and Serious Pie
Seattle
Pat Kuleto
Boulevard, Epic Roasthouse, Farallon, Jardinière, Martini House, Nick's Cove, and Waterbar
San Francisco
Richard Melman
Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises
Chicago
Phil Suarez
ABC Kitchen, Co., Gigino Trattoria, Gigino Wagner Park, Jean Georges, JoJo, J&G Steakhouse, Market, The Mark Restaurant by Jean Georges, Mercer Kitchen, Perry St, Pipa, Prime Steakhouse, Spice Market, and wd~50
Various Cities
Outstanding Service Award
Presented By Stella Artois
A restaurant that demonstrates high standards of hospitality and service. Candidates must have been in operation for at least the past 5 years.
Canlis
Seattle
Owners: Brian Canlis and Mark Canlis
Emeril's
New Orleans
Chef/Owner: Emeril Lagasse
La Grenouille
NYC
Owners: Charles Masson and Gisèle Masson
Per Se
NYC
Chef/Owner: Thomas Keller
Topolobampo
Chicago
Chef/Owner: Rick Bayless
Outstanding Wine and Spirits Professional Award
Presented by Southern Wine & Spirits of New York
A winemaker, brewer, or spirits professional who has had a significant impact on the wine and spirits industry nationwide. Candidates must have been in the profession for at least 5 years.
Sam Calagione
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
Milton, DE
Merry Edwards
Merry Edwards Winery
Sebastopol, CA
Paul Grieco
Hearth
NYC
Rajat Parr
Mina Group
San Francisco
Julian P. Van Winkle, III
Old Rip Van Winkle Distillery
Louisville, KY
Outstanding Wine Service Award
A restaurant that displays and encourages excellence in wine service through a well-presented wine list, a knowledgeable staff, and efforts to educate customers about wine. Candidates must have been in operation for at least 5 years.
A16
San Francisco
Wine Director: Shelley Lindgren
Blackberry Farm
Walland, TN
Wine Director: Andy Chabot
Frasca Food and Wine
Boulder, CO
Wine Director: Bobby Stuckey
Picasso at Bellagio
Las Vegas
Wine Director: Robert Smith
The Modern
NYC
Wine Director: Belinda Chang
Rising Star Chef of the Year Award
A chef age 30 or younger who displays an impressive talent and who is likely to have a significant impact on the industry in years to come.
Aaron London
Ubuntu
Napa, CA
Thomas McNaughton
flour + water
San Francisco
Gabriel Rucker
Le Pigeon
Portland, OR
Christina Tosi
Momofuku Milk Bar
NYC
Sue Zemanick
Gautreau's
New Orleans
Best Chefs in America
Presented by Groupon
Chefs who have set new or consistent standards of excellence in their respective regions. Each candidate may be employed by any kind of dining establishment and must have been a working chef for at least the past 5 years. The 3 most recent years must have been spent in the region where the chef is presently working.
Best Chef: Great Lakes (IL, IN, MI, OH)
Michael Carlson
Schwa
Chicago
Curtis Duffy
Avenues at the Peninsula
Chicago
Bruce Sherman
North Pond
Chicago
Paul Virant
Vie
Western Springs, IL
Alex Young
Zingerman's Roadhouse
Ann Arbor, MI
Best Chef: Mid-Atlantic (D.C., DE, MD, NJ, PA, VA)
Cathal Armstrong
Restaurant Eve
Alexandria, VA
Johnny Monis
Komi
Washington, D.C.
Peter Pastan
Obelisk
Washington, D.C.
Maricel Presilla
Cucharamama
Hoboken, NJ
Michael Solomonov
Zahav
Philadelphia
Best Chef: Midwest (IA, KS, MN, MO, NE, ND, SD, WI)
Justin Aprahamian
Sanford
Milwaukee
Isaac Becker
112 Eateries
Minneapolis
Colby Garrelts
Bluestem
Kansas City, MO
Tory Miller
L'Etoile
Madison, WI
Lenny Russo
Heartland
St. Paul, MN
Best Chef: New York City (Five Boroughs)
Michael Anthony
Gramercy Tavern
April Bloomfield
The Spotted Pig
Wylie Dufresne
wd~50
Gabrielle Hamilton
Prune
Michael White
Marea
Best Chef: Northeast (CT, MA, ME, NH, NY STATE, RI, VT)
Tim Cushman
o ya
Boston
Krista Kern Desjarlais
Bresca
Portland, ME
Gerry Hayden
The North Fork Table & Inn
Southold, NY
Matt Jennings
La Laiterie
Providence
Tony Maws
Craigie On Main
Cambridge, MA
Eric Warnstedt
Hen of the Wood
Waterbury, VT
Best Chef: Northwest (AK, ID, MT, OR, WA, WY)
Matt Dillon
Sitka & Spruce
Seattle
Christopher Israel
Grüner
Portland, OR
Andy Ricker
Pok Pok
Portland, OR
Ethan Stowell
Staple & Fancy Mercantile
Seattle
Cathy Whims
Nostrana
Portland, OR
Best Chef: Pacific (CA, HI)
Michael Cimarusti
Providence
Los Angeles
Christopher Kostow
The Restaurant at Meadowood
St. Helena, CA
Daniel Patterson
COI
San Francisco
Richard Reddington
Redd
Yountville, CA
Michael Tusk
Quince
San Francisco
Best Chef: South (AL, AR, FL, LA, MS)
Zach Bell
Café Boulud at the Brazilian Court
Palm Beach, FL
John Harris
Lilette
New Orleans
Christopher Hastings
Hot and Hot Fish Club
Birmingham, AL
Tory McPhail
Commander's Palace
New Orleans
Stephen Stryjewski
Cochon
New Orleans
Best Chef: Southeast (GA, KY, NC, SC, TN, WV)
Hugh Acheson
Five and Ten
Athens, GA
Craig Deihl
Cypress
Charleston, SC
John Fleer
Canyon Kitchen at Lonesome Valley
Cashiers, NC
Linton Hopkins
Restaurant Eugene
Atlanta
Edward Lee
610 Magnolia
Louisville, KY
Andrea Reusing
Lantern
Chapel Hill, NC
Best Chef: Southwest (AZ, CO, NM, NV, OK, TX, UT)
Bruce Auden
Biga on the Banks
San Antonio
Bryan Caswell
Reef
Houston
Saipin Chutima
Lotus of Siam
Las Vegas
Tyson Cole
Uchi
Austin, TX
Ryan Hardy
Montagna at the Little Nell
Aspen, CO
2011 James Beard Foundation Who's Who of Food & Beverage in America Inductees
Jonathan Gold
Writer, LA Weekly
Los Angeles
Lee Jones
Farmer/ Owner, Chef's Garden
Huron, OH
Charles Phan
Chef/Owner, The Slanted Door
San Francisco
Frank Stitt
Chef/Owner, Highlands Bar and Grill
Birmingham, AL
Nick Valenti
CEO, Patina Restaurant Group
NYC
· JBF Announces 2011 Cookbook, Media, and Journalism Awards Finalists [-E-]
· All James Beard Awards Coverage on Eater [-E-]
(there's more under the cut!)
11.Moonsweater
12.Castle
13.Skaian Happy Flight
14.Voidlight
15.Beatdown DX
16.Solar Voyage
17.Feel (Alive)
18.Breeze
19.Starfall
20.Ascend
21.Lilith In Starlight
22.Thanks for Playing
23.Renewed Return
24.THIS Pumpkin
25.Conclude
25 quick doodles for the homestuck vol.10 soundtrack album!
like i said, i tried to draw them only while the soundtrack is playing(even though some took 1-2 minutes more ;u;), so most of them are 4-7 minute drawings :') some came out really well, while some were..not so good.(the result of castle is just cringey man) some were inspired by the cover art, some are just stuff that popped into my head when i heard the music.
i loved the new album, and i really loved how a lot of artists that'd been in the fandom for some time had contributed to it. It's sad to think that this will probably be the last album, but it felt like a wrap-up for homestuck, and i guess im content with that :')
For the past few years, sex and India has been in the news, mostly in a negative light – highlighting a rape culture and gender disparity that's rearing it's head on a global scale. It's ironic, considering the restrictive and puritanical attitudes towards sex and their consequences on women in modern-day India, that pre-colonial India was relatively open when it came to sex. Sex and nudity features prominently in temple sculptures, especially in South India, and in Indian literature; the most well-known literature about sex practices in human history is the Vatsyayana Kamasutram, better known as the Kama Sutra, written somewhere between 400 BCE and 200 CE. Up until the invasion of India by several European nations, most notably the British, sex for pleasure was perfectly acceptable, if not encouraged, in Indian life – albeit in the marriage bed. As the grip of Victorian England tightened on Indian culture, the Hindu attitude towards sex became increasingly seen as “barbaric” and inferior to the tight-assed (no pun intended) Victorian attitudes towards sex, which were basically that masturbation caused serious health issues, that sex should be restricted to reproduction purposes, and that enjoying sex in any way was shameful, especially for women. This unfortunate way of thinking was imposed on India and eroded their attitudes towards one of life's few pleasures, and as a result Victorian ideals became the norm in India, and conservative sex values are still the norm today. The following paintings were done in 19th century India, and while they are typical of earlier artworks about sex, you can see the puritanical influence creeping in in the form of demons and devils participating in the sex acts. I can't read these, neither can I find information about the artist/author of these works, but it seems that an association is being made between homosexuality, bestiality, masturbation and evil in the form of demons. Either way, these are some pretty awesome and twisted paintings…enjoy!
All images copyright: Wellcome Library, London
Further reading:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_sex_in_India
http://www.vam.ac.uk/content/articles/s/sex-and-sexuality-19th-century/
Although this region was once known for its abundance of wildlife, current wildlife populations are greatly diminished.
American Prairie Reserve works to rebuild wildlife populations in three strategic ways:
Collaborating with state and federal agencies, who oversee all wildlife management decisions, on their population targets for at-risk species such as swift fox. Partnering with ranching operations around the Reserve's edges to increase tolerance for wildlife, reducing the amount of kills and the region's habitat fragmentation. Restoring the habitat we own to create conditions that help animals move, eat, and thrive.
Learn more about how your support helps wildlife:
The Reserve reintroduced bison in 2005 after a 120-year absence. Read about our bison goals, management, and progress over time.
Learn more about the research and action taking place to help prairie dogs, grassland birds, cougars, swift fox, pronghorn, and black-footed ferrets.
Ranchers enrolled in our Wild Sky program receive financial incentives to manage their properties in alignment with our goals for biodiversity.
American Prairie Reserve's Wild Passage USA, is an effort to provide safe havens for wildlife dispersing to and from two of North America's most iconic protected areas, the Greater Yellowstone and the Northern Continental Divide Ecosystems.
Rebuilding wildlife populations means providing resilient and rich habitats.
Find answers to frequently asked questions about science and wildlife.
Want to know which wildlife species live on and around American Prairie Reserve? Download the Reserve Species List
The two camps on either side of the referendum on the alternative vote are trading blows over whether the group funding the yes campaign stands to gain financially from a switch to AV.
Campaigners for a no vote obtained a leaked document which they said proved one of the yes campaign's major backers was reliant on a company that could profit financially from a yes vote on 5 May.
Allegations by the no campaign that their opponents have a conflict of interest have dogged the debate all week, galvanised by an intervention by George Osborne on Monday when they suggested the yes campaign's funding model was "dodgy". They were reprimanded by lawyers acting for the yes campaign who said this was "wholly untrue".
Ed Howker, a journalist, obtained what appears to be an internal risk assessment by the Electoral Reform Society – the principal donor to the Yes to AV campaign – in which the ERS acknowledges that the targeting of its funding relationship was a "medium" likelihood with a "high impact".
In a section detailing the "issue" the body notes that it is reliant on cash advances from its sister company Electoral Reform Services Limited (ERSL) about which it writes: "It is possible that ERSL will profit as a result of a YES vote (increased business opportunities)."
Under a heading marked "risk" it writes: "Damage to reputation; could make us look unsavoury even if unfounded. Negative effect on donations levels if story becomes 'we are rich'? ERSL fear that negative publicity might affect union clients, Conservative party or other 'no' supporters which in turn, might affect future dividends."
The no campaign says the ERS has given £1.1m to the pro-AV campaign and claimed that the society and its subsidiaries had received more than £15m in contracts from the public purse over the past three years. The no campaign also charges that the ERSL would provide new telling machines for processing AV ballots if there is a switch to the new system.
The lawyers Lewis Silkin said on Monday: "This is wholly untrue. Electoral Reform Services Limited (the business arm of ERS) earns revenue in the public election administration area from three types of contract. Printing of ballot papers and the producing of voting packs for postal voters; printing and mailing of the annual canvas return forms and processing telephone and internet responses.
"Provision of election management software through its subsidiary Xpress software solutions. The form of voting system upon which parliamentary elections are based is entirely irrelevant to the provision of any of these services. A change in the voting system would, therefore, have absolutely no impact on any of the revenue earned by the ERSL."
George Eustice, the Tory MP co-ordinating the no campaign, said: "Yesterday, lawyers for the Electoral Reform Society issued a threatening letter in a bid to discourage the media from reporting their conflict of interest in this referendum. Now it turns out their own internal documents highlight that just such a conflict of interest exists and that they have wilfully misled British voters and the media.
"This appears to be a disgraceful attempt to influence the result of the referendum just as postal votes land on people's doormats. This is not how we do politics in this country."
Responding to the publication of the leaked document, the Electoral Reform Society said: "This was a scenario planning document anticipating lines of attack we've come under from the no campaign. ERSL is an independent company and have made perfectly clear they won't make a penny from a yes vote."
If you visit the reddit.com home page today expecting to see the usual mix of news stories and entertaining cat memes, you're likely to see something very different: a wall of posts naming and shaming members of Congress—mostly Republicans—who have taken money from the telecommunications industry.
"This is my Senator, Ron Johnson," reads the headline for the top post when we checked reddit.com on Friday afternoon. "He sold me, my fellow Wisconsinites, and this nation, to the telecom lobby for the price of $123,652."
Posts further down shame John McCain (R-AZ), Marco Rubio (R-FL), Todd Young (R-IN), and other members of Congress using virtually identical language.
It's a clever campaign because most people will assume these senators "sold me out" by voting against network neutrality. But Congress hasn't voted on net neutrality recently. Rather, the targets of the protest appear to come from an article in the Verge detailing campaign contributions to members who voted to overturn a separate FCC regulation that protects customer privacy.
Of course, many of the same Republican senators who voted to reverse the FCC's privacy protections have also defended Ajit Pai's proposal to roll back network neutrality rules. Rubio, for example, has been sending letters to constituents saying that the FCC's 2015 Open Internet Order "effectively transferred power from ISPs to the federal government and threatened to overregulate the Internet in a way that would make it more expensive for consumers, less innovative and less competitive."
The campaign is likely to be particularly effective because each post is hosted in a subreddit for the state where the member of Congress serves. The post attacking Sen. John Thune (R-SD), for example, was in the /r/SouthDakota subreddit, where thousands of their constituents go to access news about their state.
Reddit user ChrisTahoe, who created the anti-Thune post, told Ars that they created their post after seeing several other posts like it on Reddit's home page.
"I opened the Reddit app and noticed a couple posts with pictures of senators and similar wording about getting bought out by Telecoms," they told Ars in a private message. "I remembered I read The Verge article that laid out what each senator and representative got paid, and knew my senator, John Thune, had been paid a hefty sum compared to most others.
"My post was completely unoriginal," they added. "But if you look at my post history, you'll see I have spoken to Thune personally about this issue in the past at a deployment ceremony, and disliked their response. So this opportunity to put them on blast presented itself and I took it."
So far, there's been little sign that Congress is ready to enact new network neutrality legislation—either protecting network neutrality rules or repealing them. Sen. John Thune (R-SD) has proposed compromise legislation that would enshrine network neutrality into law. But Democrats have mostly rejected Thune's proposal, arguing that it doesn't leave the FCC enough flexibility to effectively protect the open Internet over the long run.
If Santa failed to deliver the Tablo OTA DVR that was on your wishlist, don't worry! We're offering great deals on refurbished 2 AND 4-Tuner Tablo DVRs during our Boxing Week sale!
(For all of you Americans wondering what the heck Boxing Day is, it's the Canadian equivalent of Black Friday.)
From now until January 4th (or while supplies last) our lovingly refurbished Tablo DVRs will be available at these sale prices:
In the US
Refurbished Tablo 2-Tuner DVR
Regularly $174.99 USD - now $159.99 USD
Refurbished Tablo 4-Tuner DVR
Regularly $239.99 USD - now $219.99 USD
Refurbished Tablo 2-Tuner DVR Regularly $174.99 USD - now Refurbished Tablo 4-Tuner DVR Regularly $239.99 USD - now In Canada
Refurbished Tablo 2-Tuner DVR
Regularly $219.99 CAD - now $199.99 CAD
Refurbished Tablo 4-Tuner DVR
Regularly $299.99 CAD - now $274.99 CAD
Click to Start Shopping:
Tablo 2-Tuner DVR & Antenna Bundles
And we're also offering refurbished 2-Tuner Tablo DVRs as bundles with brand-new passive or active indoor antennas.
In the US - Refurbished Tablo 2-Tuner DVR plus antenna bundle - starting at $169.99 USD
In Canada - Refurbished Tablo 2-Tuner DVR plus antenna bundle - starting at $214.99 CAD
There is limited stock available, so make sure to get in on these deals before they're gone!
What's the difference beteween a 'new' Tablo OTA DVR and a refurbished one?
Refurbished Tablo OTA DVRs are lovingly restored to a like-new state here at Tablo HQ. We make sure they work properly and that the boxes include all parts and accessories you'll need to get up and running. Also, refurbished Tablo units still include the 30-day trial of our guide data subscription and are covered by Tablo's 12-month warranty policy. However, these units are NOT eligible for Tablo's 30-day return policy which is standard on all new units.
Happy shopping!
On my first morning in Salzburg, I jumped on a train to Werfen to see the Eisriesenwelt – the Ice Caves. The ride was stunning due to the sun peering over the mountain tops and into the small valleys that the train wound its way through. Every small village we passed seemed like a great place to spend a day relaxing. Werfen itself was the best of them all, due to the light green river bordering it and the castle Hohenwerfen watching down over the village. A quick shuttle ride, gondola trip and a walk later, and I was up in front of the cave, high up on the mountain looking down over the valley. The large circular hole seemed machine made, but I was told it was completely natural. Only three other English speakers were in our (compulsory) tour group in front of a large line of German speakers, so we set off first. We were given little heavy gas lit lanterns, which blew out as soon as we opened the door to the cave system, as an intense icy blast swept past us.
Navigating by the lantern lights alone, we ascended into the darkness. The cave stretches 42km and was first explored in 1879. Today solid wooden steps clamber up the side of rock and ice faces, and as I climbed, I looked back and saw a line of lantern lights feebly attempting to fight off the dark. Sadly, no photography was allowed. This restriction almost made me cry when our guide lit up some magnesium and placed it in the center of a large ice salagmite, bathing the whole cavern in blue/green light. When we got to a large cavern, we all blew out our lanterns and stood there in pitch black, unable to see our hands in front of our faces. Our guide then lit up a strip of magnesium and stood in the cavern center, illuminating the place with intense white firey light.
It was a highlight of my trip so far, and I decided to walk down the hill to get better views of the castle overlooking the village. A good long walk in the sun later and I arrived at the castle in time for a falconry show. A variety of birds, including vultures and bald eagles, swooped over our heads and flew up against the mountain backdrop. The star was a small falcon whom I photographed up close afterwards.
The next day I did a day trip out to Hallstat, a tiny postcard picture lakeside town. The train dropped me off at a nondescript stop which only had a small path down to the water. There, I stared across the water to Hallstat on the other side of the lake, wondering if I had miscalculated. Thankfully, a ferry soon arrived to carry me across to the wee town. Amongst the houses and churches, a small waterfall and stream flowed through the town, and small paths up the hill gave good views of the surroundings. I stopped for an ice coffee by the lake – a very peaceful place and time. I also visited the Charnel house, the resting place for over 1200 painted skulls, usually with the owner's name and birth year.
Other Salzburg attractions included the natural history museum, the cemetary, and the gnome garden. Chest high gnomes stood along a circular path surrounding by trees shedding their autumnal leaves. That night I thought I'd try some Austrian “cuisine” and got more than I bargained for. After my waiter informed me my tiroler grostl would be a small size (she lied), I also ordered the local dessert specialty, the Salzburg Knockerl. Made from fluffy egg whites and raspberries in a sauce, the giant dessert got me some laughter from some Australians at a nearby table, and in the end it utterly defeated me.
• Striker is back with the Seagulls as a former England player • Zamora will add firepower to the club's Championship campaign
Brighton & Hove Albion have re-signed their cult hero Bobby Zamora on a one-year contract. The former England international, who left Queens Park Rangers at the end of last season, made their name with Brighton, scoring 83 goals in just over three seasons between 2000 and 2003.
Chris Hughton, the manager, told Brighton's official website: “We are absolutely delighted to have brought Bobby back. They need absolutely no introduction here. The Albion fans know everything about him, from their achievements in a Brighton shirt and right through their time with Spurs, West Ham, Fulham and QPR.
“I also know Bobby well, having worked with them during their time at Spurs, and they are a great professional; I know they will bring plenty of experience to the team, having played Premier League, European and international football.
“He will also bring a lot in terms of character to the club and to the dressing room – but most importantly, having played more than 30 times for QPR last season, they bring top quality to our offensive options.
“We still have work to do in terms of adding to the squad, including those offensive options, in terms of creating and scoring goals.”
Zamora joined Brighton for £100,000 in the summer of 2000, having impressed during a loan spell the previous season – scoring six goals in six games under Micky Adams.
Then, after helping the Seagulls win back-to-back promotions in 2001 and 2002, they moved to Tottenham for £1.5m.
Moves to West Ham, Fulham and QPR followed and they helped Fulham reach the Europa League final in 2010 before winning an England call-up during Fabio Capello's reign.
The 34-year-old played 33 times for QPR last season during their relegation campaign, scoring three times, but will now add firepower to Brighton's Championship campaign.
There are a lot of reasons for shouting at Ruairí Quinn. But one of them is strangely wrapped in silence: their failure to deal with a profound breach of human rights in the education system.
They were out again last week to complain that progress on equal rights for all in Irish schools has been (what else?) “disappointing”. In reality, on the ground, things have become significantly worse. There is now an extraordinary situation where State-funded third-level colleges are openly advising would-be teachers that their career prospects depend on their religious faith.
In February 2010, I wrote here about how no one could train as a primary school teacher in a State-funded teacher-training college without being either a Catholic or a Protestant. Every student was required to pass a Certificate in Religious Studies (CRS). In the Church of Ireland College of Education, the certificate qualifies students to instruct pupils in various Protestant faiths. In all of the other six State-funded teacher-training colleges, it qualifies them to “teach religious education according to the tenets of the Catholic faith”. A would-be teacher who was not a believing Christian or who was unwilling to pretend to be so was effectively debarred from the profession.
Ethical studies course
Most unusually, that column had some effect – not because of any great powers of argument but
because the situation, once it was brought to wider attention, was clearly indefensible. Some progress was actually made – students were given the option of taking a new course on ethical studies instead of the CRS. So far, so good.
But there the good news stops. The real effect of this apparently progressive move has been a hardening of discrimination on the ground. Previously, the general attitude was one of “don't ask, don't tell”. Schools hiring teachers often simply assumed they had the required CRS. But since the new ethics course came in, there has been what one well-informed observed describes as “a huge sweep in Catholic-managed schools for teachers to have completed their certificate in religion”. Not having the CRS is to identify yourself as not “one of us”.
This is consistent with the Catholic Church's reworked stance on pluralism in primary education. It sounds liberal: the church now accepts that the population is religiously diverse and that schools should reflect that diversity. The catch is that the diversity must happen outside of the Catholic system. Catholic schools are for Catholics and nobody but an orthodox Catholic will be allowed to teach in them. This is exactly the position articulated in a recent interview with Patsy McGarry by Archbishop Diarmuid Martin. Teachers who are not sincerely willing to teach the faith “should be able to move to the type of school where they would be happier in accordance with their own conscience”.
This sounds fine until you ask where these other schools might be. The unaltered fact is that the Catholic Church controls 90 per cent of primary schools and that more than half of those (1,700 out of 3,200) are in areas where there is no alternative school. Behind the nice words there is a threat: non-Catholic teachers should leave Catholic-controlled schools and try to find work in the tiny part of the system that is not church-managed. For all the diversity-speak, the church has kept an iron grip on the vast bulk of the system. And within that system, it is tightening up its insistence that teachers must not merely be orthodox Catholics but must instruct children in the faith.
What's almost beyond belief, however, is that the State is openly advertising and supporting this discrimination. On the website of St Patrick's teacher training college in Dublin (a State-funded college validated by the State-funded Dublin City University), the “frequently asked questions” section deals with the matter quite bluntly. Question: “If I choose not to study for the CRS, are there any repercussions?” Answer: “As the vast majority of schools are under Catholic management, you will be limiting the number of schools where you can hold a teaching position. Also, although some people have secured employment in Catholic schools in the past without the cert, many such teachers have found that upon seeking promotion . . . they are ineligible to apply.”
Here the State tells trainee teachers that however brilliantly qualified they may be, they will probably not get a job in 90 per cent of State-funded primary schools.
Qualifications in mathematics
And if they do somehow get in,
they will be debarred from professional promotion. This open threat – or should one say brutal honesty? – is on a publicly funded website.
Ruairí Quinn, meanwhile, is sounding off about how primary school teachers need to be qualified in mathematics. They surely know that if Albert Einstein were reincarnated and applied to be a primary school teacher in Ireland, their mathematical qualifications would be largely useless. They couldn't work in most schools and if they somehow got in they could never be promoted. More than ever, the career prospects of a primary teacher depend on a very old skill: keeping well in with the church.
Authors: Lili Jiang, Shuo Chang, and Nikhil Dandekar
In order to build a high-quality knowledge base, it's important that we ensure each unique question exists on Quora only once. Writers shouldn't have to write the same answer to multiple versions of the same question, and readers should be able to find a single canonical page with the question they're looking for. For example, we'd consider questions like “What are the best ways to lose weight?”, “How can a person reduce weight?”, and “What are effective weight loss plans?” to be duplicate questions because they all have the same intent. To prevent duplicate questions from existing on Quora, we've developed machine learning and natural language processing systems to automatically identify when questions with the same intent have been asked multiple times.
We recently released a public dataset of duplicate questions that can be used to train duplicate question detection models like the one we use at Quora. In this post, we'll give you a sense of what's possible with our duplicate question dataset by outlining a few deep learning explorations we pursued in a recent hack week.
We're also excited to announce a meetup event for NLP and Machine Learning enthusiasts that we'll be hosting at the Quora office in Mountain View, CA on the evening of February 27. We have a couple of exciting speakers lined up: Ben Hamner, co-founder and CTO of Kaggle will talk about “Kaggle Competitions and Reproducible Machine Learning”, and Xavier Amatriain, VP of Engineering at Quora, will be giving a talk entitled “Machine Learning and NLP at Quora”. If you're interested in attending, please apply to join here.
Problem Definition
More formally, the duplicate detection problem can be defined as follows: given a pair of questions q1 and q2, train a model that learns the function:
f(q1, q2) → 0 or 1
where 1 represents that q1 and q2 have the same intent and 0 otherwise.
A simple duplicate detection approach is a word-based comparison. For example, we can use standard information retrieval measures like tfidf- or BM25 to find the word-based similarity between the two questions, then classify question pairs with similarity scores above a certain threshold as duplicates. But, if we want to detect duplicates at a more intent-based, semantic level, we need more intelligent approaches than these simple measures. In fact, there is active ongoing research in the Natural Language Processing community on this very problem [1-3].
Our Approaches
Our current production model for solving this problem is a random forest model with tens of handcrafted features, including the cosine similarity of the average of the word2vec embeddings of tokens, the number of common words, the number of common topics labeled on the questions, and the part-of-speech tags of the words.
Inspired by recent advances in the deep learning research community, we recently experimented with three end-to-end deep learning solutions to the duplicate detection problem. Because each of these approaches was an end-to-end deep learning solution, we were able to save time by avoiding iterative, and often computationally complex feature engineering.
Our first approach was an in-house deep architecture that used Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs). More specifically, we used the Long Short Term Memory network (LSTM) variant of RNNs, which are better at capturing long-term dependencies. We trained our own word embeddings using Quora's text corpus, combined them to generate question embeddings for the two questions, and then fed those question embeddings into a representation layer. We then concatenated the two vector representation outputs from the representation layers and fed the concatenated vector into a dense layer to produce the final classification result. Below is a visual representation of our first approach:
Figure 1: Architecture of approach 1, “LSTM with concatenation”
In our second exploration, we implemented the approach of Tai, Socher empirically-motivated handcrafted features: (1) the distance, calculated as the sum of squares of the difference of the two vectors, and (2) the “angle”, calculated as an element-wise multiplication of the two vector representations (denoted ʘ). A neural network using the distance and angle as the two input neurons was then stacked on top, as shown below:two, and Manning [1] (footnote a). Similar to the previous approach, this too was an LSTM network, but rather than concatenating information from the two vector representations, this approach used
Figure 2: Architecture of approach 2, “LSTM with distance and angle”
Finally, we tried an attention-based approach from Google Research [4] that combined neural network attention with token alignment, commonly used in machine translation. The most prominent advantage of this approach, relative to other attention-based approaches, was the small number of parameters. Similar to the previous two approaches, this model represents each token from the question with a word embedding. The process, shown in Figure 3, trained an attention model (soft alignment) for all pairs of words in the two questions, compared aligned phrases, and finally aggregated comparisons to get classification result.
Figure 3: Overview of approach 3, “Decomposable attention” (from [4])
Here is how these three approaches compared to each other on our test data:
In the future, we plan to experiment with more complex, deeper architectures as well as ensembles of different approaches, but we hope these examples illustrate several different approaches to the duplicate question detection problem.
We're excited to connect with fellow members of the NLP and ML communities at our meetup on February 27th. You can learn more and request an invite here.
Finally, if you're interested in working on NLP and ML problems at Quora, we're hiring! Check out our careers page for all of our open positions.
Acknowledgements
This exploration was a collaboration between members of our engineering and data science teams: Hilfi Alkaff, Shuo Chang, Kornél Csernai, Nikhil Dandekar, and Lili Jiang.
References
[1] Juri Ganitkevitch, Benjamin Van Durme, Chris Callison-Burch. 2013. PPDB: The Paraphrase Database. In Proceedings of NAACL-HLT.
[2] Lushan Han, Abhay Kashyap, Tim Finin, James May- field, and Jonathan Weese. 2013. UMBC EBIQUITY-CORE: Semantic textual similarity systems. In Proceedings of the Second Joint Conference on Lexical and Computational Semantics.
[3] Kai Sheng Tai, Richard Socher, and Christopher D Manning. 2015. Improved Semantic Representations From Tree-Structured Long Short-Term Memory Networks. In Proceedings of the 53rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics and the 7th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing.
[4] Ankur P Parikh, Oscar Täckström, Dipanjan Das, Jakob Uszkoreit. 2016. A Decomposable Attention Model for Natural Language Inference, arXiv 2016
Footnote
a. The original paper proposes a tree-LSTM approach, where it parses the structure of input sentences based on POS tags. In practice, because of speed reasons, we didn't use the tree-LSTM approach but instead borrowed their architecture for a simple LSTM model.
Best Answer: Quick answer: because Sunny D is an imitation of orange juice and not the real thing, and the oil acts as a surfactant and keeps some of the other fake elements in suspension. Never drink this crap.
Drink Florida's Natural Orange Juice, which is the only national brand which is made from U.S. grown oranges and not from concentrate imported from places like Brazil.
Vegan Mom is incorrect that I am shilling for the above brand. It is the only juice we buy because we are informed consumers, not because we are being paid by the Florida orange growers. Get it while you can, because the U.S. orange crop is being besieged by a bacterial disease which could wipe it out. I have no trust in foreign producers' products, as they routinely spray their fruit with products which have long been banned in this country.
Alice · 6 years ago
7 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Washington (CNN) Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, President-elect Donald Trump's preferred choice for National Security Adviser, was running a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients even as they were receiving classified intelligence briefings during the campaign.
The revelation comes as the Trump camp has taken a series steps to curb the involvement of lobbyists in the presidential transition efforts.
Robert Kelley, a former chief counsel to the House National Security Subcommittee and current general counsel and principal at the Flynn Intel Group, filed a lobbying disclosure report with Congress on September 15.
According to the official document, Kelley was working on behalf of Inovo BV, a Dutch firm owned by Turkish business person, Kamil Ekim Alptekin.
Alptekin told CNN in an email that the firm works to strengthen "the transatlantic relationship and Turkey's future in that alliance."
Kelley's connection to the Flynn Intel Group and Alptekin were first reported in the Daily Caller.
Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Trump transition chair Mike Pence expressing concerns over Flynn's "apparent conflict of interest."
"President-elect Trump promised during their campaign that they would 'drain the swamp,' but their top national security advisor is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, whose firm is reportedly being paid to lobby the U.S. Government by a close ally of Turkey's president," the Maryland Democrat wrote. "It is unclear how Lt. Gen. Flynn was reportedly allowed into intelligence briefings during the campaign despite these apparent conflicts of interest."
Trump's transition responded to questions about the lobbying effort with a statement Friday, saying that Flynn's career was within their right as a "private citizen."
"After devoting their life to serving their country, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn became a private citizen and opened a private consulting business to advise companies on various issues. Gen. Flynn has said that they will sever ties to their consulting firm if they ever returned to government service and that is what they will do in the Trump Administration."
Alptekin is the chair of the Turkish-American Business Council and helped organize Turkish President Recep Erdoğan's 2015 visit to Washington.
But while Alptekin acknowledged having a commercial relationship with the Flynn Intel Group, they told CNN that Flynn themselves "does not work on my contract."
They also adamantly denied any connection to the Turkish government.
"Neither Inovo, any of my other companies or my person are affiliated to the Turkish government in any form whatsoever," they said.
They added that their company's contract with Flynn's company "is not about representing the position of the Government of Turkey"
However, the fact that Flynn was overseeing a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients at the same time they were attending classified briefings alongside Trump seems to complicate the transition, especially given Trump's stated goal of "draining the swamp" in Washington.
Flynn, who as America's top military intelligence officer was already privy to volumes of classified material, is obligated to not share that information with any outside entity.
While Flynn had the highest level of clearance while serving as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, experts on security clearances told CNN that their firm's business arrangements with foreign companies would be closely looked at by background investigators before Flynn could receive additional intelligence briefings in their new role.
"They would certainly look at it carefully," Sean Bigley, a security clearance lawyer and former government background investigator told CNN.
Although Bigley said there was no restriction on someone like Flynn working for foreign companies upon leaving office they said Flynn would have to inform background investigators of these business relationships in order to be able to continue to receive classified briefings.
But other lawyers specializing in security clearance issues said Flynn simply informing investigators of their company's ties to Inovo might not protect them from having their security clearance revoked.
Bradley Moss, an attorney who routinely represents defense contractors in security clearance disputes, said Flynn's actions would likely raise a red flag.
Flynn's lobbying work, according to Moss, could potentially jeopardize their ability to get cleared as national security advisor.
"Security adjudicators would have concerns that someone with Flynn's level of experience wouldn't think twice about sitting in on a classified briefing while working for foreign clients," Moss said. "The moment they sat in on classified briefings, their association with their own company had to be severed."
"By not doing that they exposed themselves unnecessarily to foreign influence and raised questions about their good judgment," Moss added.
Asked about Flynn's business dealings, CNN counterterrorism analyst Phil Mudd told CNN's Wolf Blitzer Friday that that type of work was not unusual and that their activities should not prevent them from taking on the role of national security advisor.
"I don't think those should be a bar to duty," they said.
But while they said their business relationships were not disqualifying, Mudd, a former CIA analyst, said Flynn's temperament would not serve them well in the role.
The intelligence briefs containing some classified were first given to both candidates in August and Flynn accompanied Trump during at least one brief. It is unclear if Flynn informed investigators of their company's ties to Inovo. Their representatives did not reply to a request for comment.
Flynn told the Wall Street Journal that if they were to officially join the Trump administration they would sever ties with their company, which is described as providing "all source intelligence support to global challenges."
"If I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump," they said.
Flynn's connection to Turkey drew scrutiny after they penned an Election Day op-ed in The Hill newspaper, which said the US should extradite the exiled cleric Fetullah Gulen to Turkey.
The Turkish government has accused Gulen of being behind the July coup and has demanded the US hand them over. The Justice Department is currently reviewing the case for extradition.
But Alptekin said they and their company had nothing to do with Flynn's op-ed.
"If they had asked me whether to publish it, I would have advised against it for a variety of reasons," they said.
In a Tuesday hearing over whether to reinstate President Trump's executive order banning people from seven majority-Muslim countries and nearly all refugees from entering the US, the judges from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals were ... skeptical.
“Are you arguing,” asked Judge Michelle Friedland, “that the president's decision is not reviewable?”
Eventually, Department of Justice lawyer August Flentje conceded: “Uh, yes.”
It's less extraordinary a claim than it sounds. When it comes to national security, the courts have often deferred: Judges don't know the risks the country is facing, the argument goes, so they need to defer to the executive branch when national security is at stake.
That logic has historically given the executive branch a ton of leeway when it comes to immigration policy. When it comes to Trump's ban, that hasn't been the case.
Practically from the moment the executive order went into effect, federal judges have issued rulings trying to limit its effects. On Friday, federal judge James Robart in the Western District of Washington temporarily froze all enforcement of the order's key parts: a 90-day ban on all entries to the US from people from seven majority-Muslim countries, and a 120-day ban on nearly all refugees.
The federal government is asking the Ninth Circuit to lift the freeze as quickly as possible; the Ninth Circuit's ruling, after its Tuesday hearing, is expected in the next few days.
It's extremely unlikely the government will succeed. At best, the court-imposed freeze will probably be in place for another week or two while Judge Robart decides whether to replace it with an indefinite injunction — an indication that the executive order isn't likely to pass constitutional muster — or allow the ban to go back into effect.
As Robart and the Ninth Circuit work through the legal questions in the case, they'll have to make a choice. Trump's immigration ban may well fit the legal standard we have right now. Does that justify the ban, or does it mean the legal standard should be changed?
The first phase: deciding whether the government can appeal the temporary freeze
The order issued by Judge Robart Friday, telling the government to stop enforcing the visa and refugee bans, was a temporary restraining order — a very preliminary, short-term thing.
Such an order is designed for situations in which what the government (or whoever) wants to do would be so massive that, even if it were ultimately struck down and reversed after a full court review, the damage couldn't be undone. Robart's order is only in effect until they can decide whether or not to issue a preliminary injunction in the case — which might take another week or two and another round of hearings.
But the federal government doesn't want to wait that long; it filed an emergency motion to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to halt the restraining order.
So the first question the courts have to figure out — and what the Ninth Circuit is going to be ruling on — is whether to honor the government's request, and let the ban go into effect again, or keep the freeze in place until Robart decides whether to issue a full injunction or not.
Usually, you can't appeal a temporary restraining order. So the government has a pretty high bar to clear with its emergency motion. It argues that Robart's ruling is an injunction disguised as a restraining order, and since injunctions can be appealed, Robart's ruling can be too. But it's not clear that the Ninth Circuit will be persuaded — especially when Robart plans to consider and issue the actual injunction in a matter of weeks.
It's possible that, if it doesn't succeed at the Ninth Circuit, the government will try to take its emergency stay request to the Supreme Court — but it's not clear that five Supreme Court justices would be interested in hearing a stay on a temporary restraining order, even in this case. (Law professor Josh Blackman runs down the options in a blog post here.)
What's more likely is that the executive order will remain blocked until Robart decides whether to replace the temporary restraining order with an indefinite injunction, and then that case will make its way up through the courts.
From there, if the courts defer to precedent, the Trump administration has the edge. But scholars suggest that precedent might be less important than the brazenness with which Trump's all but daring the judiciary to rein them in.
The “plenary power”: the argument that the courts shouldn't look too closely at the ban at all
It might seem obvious that an order that openly discriminates against people from particular countries, and that might, in practice, favor Christians and disfavor Muslims, is unconstitutional. But it actually isn't that clear-cut at all. When it comes to immigration law, the government has a lot more leeway than you might think.
For one thing, decisions about who to admit to the US involve foreign policy and national security, where there are fewer checks from the other two branches on the executive branch.
For another thing, while everyone has some rights under the Constitution, the courts have tended to agree that noncitizens have fewer than citizens do — and that people who aren't actually in the US, but are trying to come here, don't have many rights at all. (Exactly what rights noncitizens have is one of the things at issue in this case — the two sides disagree about how much due process the government has to provide when revoking someone's visa, for example.)
Combine the two, and it's easy to see why judges have been extremely unwilling to second-guess the immigration decisions of the executive and legislative branches — as Peter Spiro notes at the legal blog Lawfare, “The Supreme Court has never struck down a provision of the immigration law outright.”
The legal name for that deferential tendency is the “plenary power” doctrine.
The plenary power isn't unlimited. But it's very broad. And some of the provisions that the courts have allowed to stand under the plenary power doctrine would be considered totally unacceptable if they were happening in domestic policy — including treating certain immigrants differently based on the country they were coming from.
According to one plenary-power standard, as long as the government can offer a “facially legitimate and bona fide” reason for doing what it did, then it's constitutional.
That's the standard the Department of Justice wants the courts to use for Trump's executive order. In the case of the executive order, the government argues, the “facially legitimate” reason for the policy is that the countries banned under the executive order had already been singled out by Congress and by the Obama administration for flaws in their visa screening process.
It's theoretically possible that the states could argue that the executive order isn't, in fact, “facially legitimate.” In a 2015 case about a visa denial, Justice Kennedy wrote that the “facially legitimate” standard wouldn't apply if an applicant “plausibly alleged with sufficient particularity an affirmative showing of bad faith” on the part of the government. The states argue that, even though the government can point to a facially legitimate rationale for the country bans, they're doing so in bad faith because the president and their advisers have made comments about banning Muslims.
If the states manage that, they'll be doing something that has never been done before.
Even if the courts can judge the executive order, they have to decide how they'll judge whether it's discriminatory
Some scholars argue that the plenary power itself isn't (or, at least, shouldn't be) as powerful as it used to be. The big cases that have shaped it, they point out, are all decades old — and that they come from a time when discrimination was more acceptable in domestic policy as well as immigration policy.
“The Supreme Court has never upheld an immigration policy that openly discriminated on the basis of race or religion,” Prof. Adam Cox of NYU pointed out at the law blog Just Security, “during a period of constitutional history when such a policy would have been clearly unconstitutional in the domestic context.”
It's possible that the courts will agree that this executive order is such blatant discrimination that it can't hide behind the plenary power. But if they do, they'll need to figure out what standard they're using for discrimination instead.
Generally, the courts uphold laws and executive policies as long as they can find a “rational basis” for the law. In practice, this is often another easy standard for the government to meet; in Massachusetts, while issuing a ruling on Friday that declined to renew a temporary restraining order, two judges found that the government's stated purpose for issuing the ban — to protect citizens of the US from terrorism — constituted a rational basis for issuing it.
Judge Robart appears unusually skeptical of the “rational basis” of the executive order. During oral arguments on Friday, they asked an attorney for the Justice Department whether any refugees or nationals of the seven banned countries had committed terrorist attacks in the US — and implied that, since they hadn't, the idea that they constituted particular threats to national security didn't count as a rational basis.
The states, meanwhile, would prefer to use a stricter standard. They argue that, because the executive order makes distinctions based on religion (in terms of prioritizing “religious minorities” for refugee resettlement), the executive order deserves strict scrutiny — the highest standard. That would make it a lot easier for the courts to strike down the executive order — but because of the unique deference given to immigration law, getting courts to apply strict scrutiny could be a tough sell.
The states' plan B: even if the order isn't unconstitutional, it might still be illegal
Even if the government manages to set a low bar for constitutional review, it still might not be able to reinstitute the ban. That's because in addition to the constitutional challenge, the states argue that the executive order violates a whole passel of laws — including, most notably, the very law the Trump administration cites to justify the ban.
The Immigration and Nationality Act gives the president the authority to ban any “alien or class of aliens” from entering the US. But it also prohibits the executive branch from discriminating against someone applying for a visa “because of the person's race, sex, nationality, place of birth, or place of residence.”
Critics of Trump's executive order, including the states suing in this case, maintain that the nondiscrimination provision prevents Trump from banning a “class” of aliens if that class is a nationality or place of birth — as the executive order appears to do to people from the seven banned countries.
The federal government argues that the ban provision trumps the nondiscrimination provision, and that previous presidents have done basically the same thing Trump is doing in banning aliens based on nationality. The states argue that the nondiscrimination provision trumps the ban provision (and point out that the precedents for bans based on nationality aren't nearly as broad as the one Trump just issued).
For the moment, it's another issue where there are more questions than answers. But it's one to look out for, since it offers the courts a way to decide the issue without getting to the tricky interplay of constitutional rights and national security.
The Trump administration is testing the limits of judicial patience
Legally, these questions are independent. But the answers to them might rely on a more fundamental question: Does the federal judiciary trust the Trump administration when it says the order is necessary to keep Americans safe?
“To rule against the government here, the Ninth Circuit, and ultimately the Supreme Court, will have to hold that the Executive Order is premised on ‘alternative facts,'” Blackman writes. “This is not something any court (to my knowledge at least) has ever done.”
It's almost as if Trump is trying to poke the judiciary into action. As Jack Goldsmith wrote at Lawfare, they might be their own worst enemy:
Judges in the short term will be influenced by the reaction to the EO Immigration order, and by doubts about executive process, integrity, truthfulness, and motivation that the manner of its issuance implies. They will also worry a lot about being perceived to cave to executive pressure. The pressure from Trump, and related events, thus make it more likely—much more likely, in my view—that the Ninth Circuit and, if it comes to it, the Supreme Court will invalidate the EO in some fashion.
If the Trump administration were on shakier legal ground to begin with, this would barely even be a question. But it's not. The executive branch's immigration powers are pretty damn broad. The Trump administration is, however, apparently testing the limits of judicial patience. And between the chaotic rollout and the presidential taunting, that patience may snap.
Getty Images
To the dismay of teenage girls everywhere, researchers who investigated a 2009 outbreak of E. coli that sprang from tubes of Nestlé's Toll House raw cookie dough are advising people to bake their cookies before eating them.
The 2009 outbreak was the first to link E. coli O157:H7 with ready-to-bake prepackaged cookie dough (it was again linked to E. coli in January 2010). From March to July 2009, 77 people in 30 states were sickened in the outbreak; 55 were hospitalized. Two-thirds of those who fell ill were under 19, and 71% were female. Many said they'd bought cookie dough with no intention of ever cooking it.
Reporting [PDF] on Friday in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases, the researchers, led by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention epidemiologist Dr. Karen Neil, came to two conclusions:
Manufacturers should consider formulating ready-to-bake commercial prepackaged cookie dough to be as safe as a ready-to-eat product. More effective consumer education about the risks of eating unbaked cookie dough is needed.
Investigators launched an extensive traceback effort at the time of the outbreak, including laboratory and environmental analyses, to identify its origin. Although it led to the recall of 3.6 million packages of cookie dough, researchers were unable to pinpoint any single ingredient, vehicle or production process as the source of the contamination.
LIST: 10 Pivotal Food-Safety Scares
The eggs used in ready-to-bake cookie dough are pasteurized, which rendered them an unlikely culprit. Other ingredients like molasses, sugar, baking soda and margarine all undergo “kill steps” during processing, which eliminates pathogens. Chocolate chips — which have been implicated in outbreaks of food-borne illness in the past — were another suspect ingredient, but in this case it turned out that chocolate chip cookie dough was less strongly associated with E. coli illness than other cookie-dough flavors.
The investigators ultimately settled on flour as the likely offender. Flour doesn't usually undergo a kill step. Also, because it is frequently purchased in large quantities by food manufacturers for use in products, a single purchase of contaminated flour could have been used in multiple lots and varieties of cookie dough over a period of time.
The authors conclude that foods containing raw flour should be considered possible vehicles for E. coli outbreaks in the future, and encourage manufacturers to consider using heat-treated or pasteurized flour in any ready-to-cook products that consumers may choose to eat raw, despite package label instructions warning against it.
MORE: Preschoolers' Sack Lunches Reach Unsafe Temperatures
But seeing as how raw-cookie-dough junkies aren't likely to give up their habit anytime soon, the authors suggest that all commercial manufacturers of ready-to-bake prepackaged cookie dough just make stuff safe to eat raw.
Nestlé and several other cookie-dough makers have already switched to heat-treated flour.
Previous E. coli-related food-borne illnesses have been associated with ground beef, leafy green vegetables, sprouts, melons, salami, and unpasteurized apple cider.
Sora Song is the editor of TIME Healthland. Find them on Twitter at @sora_song. You can also continue the discussion on TIME Healthland's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIMEHealthland.
A free software personal assistant is crucial to preserving users' control over their technology and data while still giving them the benefits such software has for many. This may be a particularly challenging project for free software developers, as most personal assistant software demands access to users' calendar, location data, and more, and they often incorporate image, speech, and natural language processing services -- but many free software users identified this project as one that is important to them.
Ways to help
Mycroft is a free software home artificial intelligence product whose creators are also working on a free software speech to text project called OpenSTT, and who welcome contributions. Other active projects include Pastec, a GPL image recognition platform, and OpenPR, a BSD licensed platform for "sharing algorithms of image processing, computer vision, natural language processing, pattern recognition, machine learning and the related fields."
This is just one item on the Free Software Foundation's High Priority Projects list.
As Russian authorities sift through the wreckage of the Moscow airport attack, the world's attention will be drawn to the Muslim separatists who experts suspect carried out the Monday bombing.
Known as Imarat Kavkaz, or the Caucasus Emirate, the group was formed in 2007 with the goal of bringing Islamic law to the North Caucasus, a region of Russia that includes Chechnya, an Islamic-majority province that has been in some form of rebellion against Moscow since the 19th century.
No one had claimed responsibility for Monday's attack at Moscow's busiest airport, but analysts in Washington said all signs pointed to the hand of the Caucasus Emirate.
The attack was carried out by a suicide bomber carrying a suitcase into the reception area of Domodedovo Airport, where taxi drivers and relatives wait for air travelers to arrive.
The explosion sprayed the area with shrapnel, screws and ball bearings, according to the Associated Press. By the afternoon, the area was engulfed in smoke, and at least 35 people were killed and 170 injured.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev called it a “terrorist attack,” but they did not point the finger at the Caucasus Emirate. However, they said their government was initiating a review of the lax security that allowed the attack to succeed.
If the bombing is the work of the Caucasus Emirate, it shows how the Islamic insurgency in those states has not been defeated, despite the early predictions that it was squashed after Russia's secret police killed Shamil Basayev, a Chechen separatist leader, in a 2006 bomb attack.
At that time, President Vladimir Putin said in a speech that a 1,000-year era of peace had just begun.
“In the last five years, the Russians believed they had pacified the problem,” said Juan Zarate, a deputy national security adviser under President George W. Bush and a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “But the attack on the subway last year and this attack underscore there are festering issues and conflicts still unresolved.”
The latest wave of terrorism for Russians began last February, when Caucasus Emirate leader Dokku Imarov announced that Russian cities would be included in the “zone of military operations.”
On March 29, two synchronized suicide bombings in Moscow's subway killed 40 people and wounded more than 100 others. “Both of these operations were carried out on my command and will not be the last,” Mr. Imarov said after the attack.
“The Russian airport is a much more prominent and symbolic target than the Moscow subways,” said Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, director of the Center for the Study of Terrorist Radicalization at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies. “In this sense, this is a significant attack.”
In 2004, two female suicide bombers — known in Russia as “black widows” — entered the Domodedovo Airport, purchased airline tickets and detonated themselves on separate planes, killing 90 people.
Mr. Gartenstein-Ross said analysts differed on the direct ties between the Caucasus Emirates and al Qaeda, but they described the group as “jihadist” because it seeks to impose an ascetic version of Islamic law and considers itself an emirate, or principality, of a larger Islamic caliphate.
“I think it is definitively clear that the Caucasus Emirate is a jihadi organization in ideological outlook, meaning that it has an al Qaeda-like view of the world. People debate the depth of the links with al Qaeda, but the ideology is clear,” they said.
Around the world, leaders expressed sympathy for the victims of the attack and offered to help. President Obama condemned the attacks as “outrageous,” said White House press secretary Robert Gibbs.
A spokesperson for 10 Downing St. in London said British Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the attack as well.
“The prime minister utterly condemned today's explosion at Domodedovo Airport,” the spokesperson said, according to the Associated Press. “He offered their condolences and sympathies to all those who had been affected by what they described as an ‘appalling attack.'”
Mr. Zarate said the United States in the past has targeted Chechen terrorist leaders for financial sanctions.
“We have done information-sharing and offered training,” they said. “But we are not going to go into Russia with boots on the ground.”
“The one thing we Americans forget is how consistently the Russians have come under attacks by terrorists,” Mr. Zarate said. “Whether it is the Moscow theater attacks or others, the Russians have come under consistent attacks in ways we often forget.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
An estimated 500 billion - 1 trillion plastic shopping bags are used worldwide each year. The EPA estimates that 13% of these get recycled, and the rest of them are sent to the landfill. Well, they are at least meant for the landfill. Because plastic bags are light and catch the wind incredibly easily, many get blown around very easily, ending up in trees and waterways.
Are stray plastic bags really a problem? I'd say yes, considering bags have been discovered at both the North and South Poles, and neither area is particularly known for having an extensive selection of local grocery stores. Not only do the bags look ugly, but they pose a tremendous risk to wildlife; particularly marine animals. Plastic bags get mistaken for jellyfish, and turtles who try to eat them end up choking. Even if the plastic bags get broken into small bits, animals are unable to digest them and it ends up building and killing the animals.
Many major cities are posing a ban on plastic bags as a way to combat the pollution caused by stray shopping bags (along with the energy required to produce them) but they aren't widespread enough to put a big dent on the problem. A group of researchers from the University of Illinois have developed a new way to convert plastic bags into useable diesel that can be used in a variety of applications, ranging from candle wax to jet fuel. The results of this new method have been detailed in the journal Fuel Processing Technology.
When petroleum crude oil is distilled, only about 55% of it ends up as fuel. Using the new technique with petroleum-based plastic shopping bags, the researchers were able to convert about 80% of it into useable fuel. This is not the first time that researchers have tried to recycle shopping bags into fuel, but this approach goes a bit further. The oil was treated in different ways in order to produce biodiesel or ultra-low-sulfur diesel fuel that is more environmentally friendly. The biodiesel created from plastic bags was combined with regular diesel in order to see if it would work. Even with the 30% of the blend coming from recycled bags, the fuel worked just fine.
There is currently no information about what it would take to get this technology applied on a larger scale. In addition to creating a larger facility to process the plastic bags, the recycling rate would need to be increased dramatically in order to significantly alleviate the demand for ecologically-responsible diesel fuel.
Photo by: Rick Danzl/The News-Gazette Dr. Milorad Ketchens' 12-year occupation of this driveway, which sits next to the house owned by Ross and Leslie McNeil, led to a $242,400 judgment against Ketchens, who is appealing. Other Related Content Jim Dey: Parking wars
A bizarre lawsuit stemming from a University of Illinois physician's desire to acquire their neighbors' driveway continues to consume the time and resources of the courts.
Champaign County Circuit Judge Jeffrey Ford issued a $242,400 judgment in May 2015 against Dr. Milorad Ketchens for their allegedly underhanded attempt to acquire the driveway of their neighbors, Ross and Leslie McNeil.
Last month, Ford imposed a $29,354 judgment against the University of Illinois Employees Credit Union for ignoring a court order freezing Ketchens' account and allowing the veteran physician to withdraw funds.
The McNeils live at 609 W. Stoughton St., U, while Ketchens and their wife, Sheila, reside at 613 S. Stoughton St., U.
The legal dispute began in January 1998, when Mrs. McNeil returned home to find that Ketchens had parked their car in the McNeils' driveway. Claiming they — not the McNeils — owned the property, Ketchens did not move the car until 2010, following a state appeals court decision rejecting their ownership claim.
The McNeils then sued Ketchens for the alleged torment they had put them through.
Judge Ford ordered that Ketchens pay $2,400 in actual damages for denying the McNeils the use of their property.
They also ordered an additional $240,000 in punitive damages against Ketchens for conduct they said "shocked the conscience of this court."
Because Ketchens has asserted that they do not have sufficient funds to post an appeal bond equal to the judgment, the McNeils' lawyer, Fred Grosser, has the legal right to begin collection efforts.
Grosser obtained a court order directing the UI to deduct $1,800 a month from Ketchens' roughly $150,000 annual salary. So far, the wage garnishments total about $15,000.
Grosser said they also have arranged freezes on funds held in accounts at some unidentified financial institutions.
"I won't say any more about that until we have filed a 'motion for turnover' with the court," Grosser said.
But he's also battling with the UI credit union over its allegedly inappropriate decision to disburse frozen funds to Ketchens.
Donald Parkinson, the credit union's lawyer, has filed a motion asking Judge Ford to reconsider their $29,000-plus judgment against the credit union. A hearing on that motion is set for March 9.
Meanwhile, Ketchens' appeal of the judgment against them is off to a slow start.
According to legal documents, they paid $35,000 to Springfield lawyer William Hardy to handle the appeal. So far, however, Hardy has filed five motions seeking an extension of time to file their brief on Ketchens' behalf. The last extension Hardy filed asked for a delay until Feb. 10.
Once Ketchens' brief is filed, Grosser will have five weeks to file a response.
If all goes according to routine procedure, the 4th District Appellate Court ultimately will schedule oral arguments and render a decision.
For now, however, the only activity involves the McNeils and the credit union's skirmish over the $29,000.
Legal records show that Grosser filed the requisite papers on Aug. 13, 2015, that "expressly prohibits the credit union from making or allowing any transfer" to Ketchens.
"The freezing of the account needs to be accomplished immediately. As you are now aware, there will be substantial funds deposited to that account (Aug. 14, 2015) which you are required to receive and freeze," Grosser wrote Kristy Lewis, the institution's associate director of operations.
"I have received the statement and found the account. We will take the necessary actions, as described in the citation," Lewis wrote.
Several days later, Lewis informed Grosser that they had consulted the credit union's director of security and decided to allow Ketchens to withdraw funds from their account.
"Dr. Ketchens provided documentation showing that the (UI) began withholding 15 percent of their gross wages starting in June. Because the (UI) has garnished their wages, the rest of their payroll is exempt," they wrote.
Grosser challenged the credit union's interpretation, filing a motion asking that it be required to pay to the McNeils whatever sums it had allowed Ketchens to withdraw.
Grosser argued that "no funds of (Ketchens) and in the control of the credit union can be disbursed to any person or entity without an order of the court," and Judge Ford agreed.
The battle over the driveway, which is now in its 18th year, began after Ketchens discovered the driveway they coveted — so-called Tract A — was left off the property description of the McNeils' residence at 609 W. Stoughton St.
As a result of what was described as decade-old "scrivener's error," Tract A was recorded as unowned property. Ketchens sought to acquire ownership by paying the property taxes on the small plot of land and acquiring a deed from a now-deceased Urbana lawyer conveying the property to Ketchens.
Ketchens apparently wanted the property so that they could trade it to the owner of the house located between the Ketchens and McNeil residences. That would allow them to expand their property to the east while permitting the owner of the middle house to expand their property to the east. The owner of the middle house rejected Ketchens' proposed swap.
The courts ultimately concluded that the property had always been a part of the property the McNeils own and that Ketchens had no right to it.
In the McNeils civil lawsuit against Ketchens, they alleged that the years of fighting with Ketchens over their driveway made life miserable for them and their children. In ruling against Ketchens, Ford said it is "hard to believe that (Ketchens) could not realize the totality of their actions could affect (the McNeils) as it did."
As part of the collection process, attorney Grosser has conducted citations hearing in which they have asked Ketchens about their assets. Ketchens has said they have no extra funds and needs their university paycheck to pay their bills.
Jim Dey, a member of The News-Gazette staff, can be reached by email at jdey@news-gazette.com or at 217-351-5369.
I'm pleased to announce Milo's Many Nightmares! Milo's Many Nightmares is the new name for the new game that I'm working on while I take a break from Project Zeds. In Milos Many Nightmares you play the role of Milo, a young boy trying to get some sleep. Unfortunately Milo suffers from terrible nightmares. Through out the course of the game you jump from nightmare to nightmare trying to help Milo overcome their fears and eventually get a decent night sleep. Each nightmare will keep the central theme of Safe or Sorry, by giving Milo a choice, they can either succumb to their fear and leave the nightmare, or they can be brave, and the nightmare will get worse, until it is beaten.
Because of the nature of a good horror game I don't want to give too much away, but I will start posting some information about each of the planned nightmares. Each nightmare will be as different from the others as possible. I've already shown you what I'm currently calling “the red room”. Next on the list is “the white room”. Names are clearly placeholder till I get the lore a little more sorted out. The white room is made to look like the interior of a house. It's intentionally bleak and I wanted to give it the feeling of being drawn on notebook paper with a Bic pen. The monster for the white room is very different from the Mangler fish from the red room, but I don't want to show them off til she's ready.
I'm not sure how many nightmare's I'm going to be able to accomplish within the time I've allotted myself for this game, but hopefully it's enough that it's an entertaining little game. I plan to publish a small pre-alpha version of the game soon so that you all can play it and watch it develop.
Like this: Like Loading...
Former CIA director Leon Panetta said Wednesday that they have “never seen a Washington as dysfunctional as it is” now.
Panetta told Fox News's Neil Cavuto on “Your World” that they have seen “Washington work” and Republicans and Democrats work together before, but that the climate is now “awfully partisan.”
“Both sides attack each other. It's difficult to get people to sit down and really try to resolve issues and find consensus. And that just means that Washington is failing to deal with a lot of the issues facing the American people,” Panetta said.
“And that's what we ought to be concerned about,” they continued. “And, by the way, it didn't just happen in this administration. I think for the last more than 10 years, we have had a dysfunctional Washington.
“It's time for Washington, frankly, to get their act together and to govern the country.”
Panetta was discussing the recent criticism of President Trump by Sens. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) and Jeff Flake Jeffrey (Jeff) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Poll: 33% of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE (R-Ariz.) when they made the comments.
Panetta said the GOP senators' criticism shows “the depth of divisiveness that is going on, not only within the Republican Party, and just generally with regards to the partisanship that we see in Washington.”
Trump reignited a feud with Corker in a series of tweets Tuesday, claiming Corker “couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee.”
Corker fired back, saying they wouldn't support Trump's reelection bid and that Trump will be remembered for “the debasement of our nation.”
Flake also announced that they wouldn't run for reelection in a fiery speech on the Senate floor attacking Trump.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- Nick Fairley's weight is creeping up again.
In their first public comments since the Detroit Lions demoted the defensive tackle from their starting role to a spot on the second team, Fairley said their eating habits again became an issue over the first few weeks of training camp.
They entered camp at 308 pounds. They say they now weigh 315 pounds.
Defensive tackle Nick Fairley said their weight increased from less than 300 pounds in the spring to 315 pounds since training camp started. Paul Sancya/AP Photo
"Things got not out of control, but I would say my eating habits got out of the way in the last two weeks," Fairley said. "That's all."
Fairley's consistency -- both with their play and their weight -- have been a concern for the Lions since they were selected with the 13th overall pick in the 2011 draft. Their athleticism is what initially attracted Detroit to Fairley, and it is that athleticism that keeps the Lions pushing them to find both a good weight and consistency on the field.
Both their coaches and teammates want them to reach their potential.
"I'm always going to encourage Nick," Lions defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. "I always want them to be the best player they can be. I haven't said this a lot or to many people, more or less, but Nick is more athletically gifted than me and they have an opportunity to be better than me and that's what I want to see out of him."
Fairley said hearing Suh say that "feels great."
General manager Martin Mayhew declined Fairley's fifth-year option during the offseason in hopes that it would motivate Fairley, who then showed up for spring workouts under 300 pounds. At the start of training camp, Fairley was at 305, which coach Jim Caldwell said was within the range they wanted.
Fairley said Wednesday that their ideal weight is 305 pounds.
"That's part of our job," defensive coordinator Teryl Austin said. "Our job is to try and get our guys to play well no matter what it takes. Not everybody is going to be a guy that's a self-starter, work over the top all the time. There are different ways that you have to motivate guys and get them going and that's part of our job to figure out: 'Hey, what makes a guy tick? What's going to help them play well?'
"So we're doing whatever we can to try and do that. We feel the guy's super talented. He's a good guy and we just want them to play at an elite level and play great. That's what we're working toward and I think he's on track now."
Austin said Fairley has improved since the demotion.
Fairley reiterated Wednesday their desire to stay in Detroit beyond this season, but their future with the Lions may hinge on their performance. They said the defensive line was supportive of them after their demotion and that C.J. Mosley passing them on the depth chart caught their attention.
"I would say it was (a wake-up call)," Fairley said. "Yeah."
Fairley's plan now is to try and win back the starting job before the season opener against the New York Giants on Sept. 8.
"Things happen. It happened to me," Fairley said. "Just got to go and move forward and just keep pushing forward."
Hi, Bryan Here….
Since there have been two deaths in the past 24 hours, and bad news and deaths usually come in threes, I hope Clint Eastwood, doesn't die of shock when they read this. Japan's Warner branch is planning to remake the 1992 Clint Eastwood western ‘Unforgiven'. This time it will be called ‘The Unforgiven' and will star Ken Watanabe as the Eastwood role. It will also be a samurai period flick.
Lee Sang-il will direct. Akira Emoto and Koichi Sato will also be starring in the film and is schedules for a 2013 release. In Japanese, the film will be called ‘Yurusarezaru mono'. The film will take place in 1880 (like the original film), but will center around the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido. This was a time when Japanese settlers were displacing the native people according to Variety.
Watanabe will play a badass samurai who comes out of retirement due to a large bounty.
Let's not forget that Eastwood broke out into stardom in a remake of a Japanese film. That film was called ‘A Fitstful of Dollars' and was a remake of ‘Yojimbo' by Akira Kurosawa.
This all looks good on paper, I just hope this will connect and be executed the way it deserves to be. And how great would it be to have Eastwood cameo as a role somehow. Or better yet, get Hackman out of retirement, and throw them in there for good measure.
Your thoughts?
Saddam's Wife Says US Prisoner Isn't Them Husband By Maxim Pogodin 4-17-4 Last week, American authorities arranged a meeting of the former Iraqi dictator with their wife. They were the first of Hussein's relatives to meet with the ex-leader of Iraq at a new place, at the American military base in Qatar. Accompanied by Sheikh Hamad Al-Tani, Sajida Heiralla Tuffah has arrived from Syria on their private jet in the end of March. The outcome of their meeting turned out to be quite scandalous. Sajina claims that the person they encountered was not their husband, but their double. If someone were to say for sure that it was not insinuation, it would have been easy to believe the wife with a 25-year experience. It is also possible to assume that Saddam has simply changed since the day of their sons' deaths, June 24 2003. This however is highly unlikely. In case we believe Hussein-s wife, all DNA testing of the ex-Iraqi leader should be considered a mere fake. Overall, today there remain more questions then there are answers. On the other hand however, those statements of Hussein's wife can in fact be quite understandable. After all, this is the easiest way to demoralize an enemy. Hussein's younger daughter Hala has also arrived at the base in Qatar along with Saddam Hussein's two grandsons and two sisters, total of eight people. They were all invited by Shekh-s wife Muza to stay in one of the palaces. Eldest daughters Ragad and Rada along with five Hussein's grandchildren have recently arrived to Doha from Jordan. Elaf| newspaper writes that, most likely, the entire Hussein's family will stay in Qatar permanently. Saddam Hussein was captured by the American forces in December 2003 and held in one of the palaces in Baghdad in a region controlled by the coalition forces. Afterward, due to security reasons, they were transferred to the American military base in Qatar, where they are expected to remain until the trial. PRAVDA.Ru Back ©1999-2003 "PRAVDA.Ru". When reproducing our materials in whole or in part, reference to PRAVDA.Ru should be made. The opinions and views of the authors do not always coinside with the point of view of PRAVDA.Ru's editors. http://english.pravda.ru/world/20/91/366/12494_saddam.html
Share +1 Shares 0
Tetsunosuke Saika sends a new Nin Shuriken to draw out the power of Lion Ha-Oh. The Ninninger tried to use this during the fight with Gashadokuro but for some reason Shurikenzin Drago & Bison King couldn't form the Gattai with Lion Ha-Oh. Hit the jump to learn more about Shuriken Sentai Ninninger Shinobi 22, “Chou Gattai! Ha-Oh Shurikenzin,” but be warned, there are spoilers!
Shuriken Sentai Ninninger Shinobi no 22: “Chou Gattai! Ha-Oh Shurikenzin” Screenplay – Kento Shimoyama
Director – Shijiro Nakazawa On Air – July 26
Kabedon Kabedon! Stromful Wall of Life is too high!
This is not over yet!
We will definetely surpass this if this is Taka-Nii's Wall. This is nothing!
Tetsunosuke Saika sends a new Nin Shuriken to draw out the power of Lion Ha-Oh. The Ninninger tried to use this during the fight with Gashadokuro but for some reason Shurikenzin Drago & Bison King couldn't form Gattai with Lion Ha-Oh. Last Ninja Yoshitaka Igasaki tells Yakumo Cloud Kato (Ao Ninger) & Takigawa Kinji (Star Ninger) that they are the reason for the failure of the Gattai Formation. They get dissatisfied & think about what they could do, so that even they can use Lion Ha-Oh like Takaharu. They try to use Chouzetsu Shoubu Changer but a same time a Yokai Nurikabe appears there & entraps the civilians in their Wall of Life. Yakumo & Kinji tries to help but even they get trapped in the Wall. Their Wall of Life has ‘Takaharu' written on it.
What do you think of Ninninger so far? Let us know in the comments and forums, and be sure to keep it here for the latest tokusatsu news!
Former WWE Champion Kurt Angle Opens Up About Their Struggle With Addiction
The world of professional wrestling has proven to be a very successful industry for decades, but it's also been dogged by tragedy, with a number of performers succumbing to steroids and other illegal substances. In April, former WWE champion Chyna passed away from a prescription drug overdose. Recently, former three-time WWE World Heavyweight champion Roman Reigns was suspended for a drug violation. And in a recent interview, Olympic gold medalist and WWE superstar Kurt Angle opened up about their own battle with addiction.
At the turn of the new millennium, Kurt Angle became a major star for WWE, and after leaving the organization they became a champ for TNA, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. They have won world championships in the WWE, WCW, TNA, and IWGP. Angle is also an Olympic gold medalist in freestyle wrestling.
But, as they told Sports Illustrated, they reached a crisis point when they lost their father, and then their wrestling coach and mentor was murdered by millionaire John du Pont, Angle's Olympic sponsor. Angle first turned to alcohol, then mixed it with pills, stacking up several DUIs before they were convinced to go to rehab in 2013 by Dixie Carter, the owner of TNA. Like many wrestlers, Angle was also accused of using steroids, which they denied.
Angle told Sports Illustrated that he's been clean for three years this July. “I treat the battle with addiction the same way I treated my Olympic gold medal," they said. "I realize I'm not going to overcome my addiction overnight, just like I knew I wasn't going to win the gold medal overnight. It is one day at a time, which is the same way I trained.”
Angle said their family has helped keep them on the right track. “Every day is important to stay clean—not only for me, but also for my family,” they said. “If I make the wrong move, I'm dead and my kids are fatherless.”
Angle is also developing an app, #AngleStrong, to help people cope with their addictions. He's currently looking for the right team to develop the app, and after speaking publicly about their troubles, they want to do more to help. They want their app to be like Uber. “If an addict is in trouble, they call and someone shows up.”
Suzette Hackney is an editorial writer and columnist for The Blade in Toledo. They were a Detroit-based journalist for 17 years. Follow them on Twitter: @suzyscribe.
On a sunny Tuesday earlier this month, I watched from the picture window of one of Detroit's new and hip West Village eateries as children whizzed by on scooters, smiling couples walked their designer dogs and tattooed millennials chatted among themselves while smoking both electronic and tobacco-laced cigarettes.
The corner of Agnes and Parker streets is a vibrant microcosm of Detroit's so-called urban pioneer movement. And inside the restaurant named Craft Work, the long high-top tables and bar stools were nearly filled to capacity with folks sipping on specialty cocktails and noshing on warm chickpeas and fish tacos. The whole scene was a far cry from when I lived in the adjoining apartment building in the early 2000s, when darkened gaslights helped obscure the vacant store fronts of the former retail strip. There were no pop-ups to attract people, and the limited foot traffic was mostly from those who lived in my building or the one across the street, and were walking to or from the secured parking lots.
Story Continued Below
But this is the new Detroit.
I'm not writing this letter from afar; I live 45 minutes south of the city in Toledo, Ohio. Detroit is where I lived, worked and played until two years ago, when I left the city to accept a journalism fellowship at the University of Michigan. I was a newspaper reporter in Detroit from 1996 to 2012. I worked for both dailies, but spent most of my career at the Detroit Free Press covering City Hall, crime, neighborhoods and the run-up to the appointment of the city's emergency manager, who in July 2013 filed bankruptcy on behalf of Detroit and last week handed back management of the city to the mayor and city council.
I still own a home in an inner-ring suburb, less than a mile from the city proper. My network of friends remains in Detroit, and in many ways I still consider the Motor City my home base. But I must admit that leaving Detroit has given me a chance to step back and observe with a journalistic eye the city's transformation, a luxury often not possible when I was reporting on murders and the city's budget crisis every day.
Every time I return to the city, the landscape has changed: Where once was a vandalized shell of a building, there's a new coffee shop here or a high-end clothing boutique there. Whole Foods opened in Midtown last year, the first national food retailer to invest in the city in years. The market is boosting local businesses by carrying Detroit-made products on its shelves. And the upscale Shinola hawks its thousand-dollar watches, leather goods and bicycles in a renovated century-old automobile warehouse near Wayne State University. A new hockey arena, entertainment district and streetcar system are coming online. Most of this development is occurring in downtown, Midtown and Corktown—areas that have seen significant progress in the last decade—and trickling into neighborhoods such as West Village, located on one edge of the city's central business district. There's a palpable energy; Detroit's decades of urban decay are finally giving way to reinvestment and revitalization.
Still a question looms: Is there room for low income residents to benefit from the dazzling reinvention of their city?
Newlyweds Michael and Tia Hilson are long-time Detroiters, living in the low-income MarketPlace Court apartments near Eastern Market. Michael is 29, has a 5-year old daughter and works as a manager for various musical acts from metro Detroit and elsewhere. They question why millions of dollars are being spent on a streetcar system instead of investing in education and job training for future generations.
“They could take this money and put it in [Detroit Public Schools],” they said. This development “is for the white folks and tourists. It ain't for us.”
Tia Hilson, 25, chimed in, as they and their husband fed neighborhood kids grilled hotdogs from their patio Saturday afternoon. They said they haven't seen any of the benefits that others say have bloomed from bankruptcy.
So, I'm starting to worry that I may be turning into the comic art equivalent of John C Reilly's character from the movie "Walk Hard". See, there's a great running joke in that movie about their character getting inspired for songs while in the middle of conversations. Someone will say a few choice words, then he'll look off into the distance and, next thing you know, he's turning it into a song. This happens in the more serious movies like "Walk the Line", but it's really played up for laughs in "Walk Hard".
Anyway, I was having a conversation the other day about a certain comic convention and how it was created, more or less, out of revenge for another con not treating certain creators too well. That prompted one of my friends to say "Sometimes good things can come out of revenge." It was then that I had my "Dewey Cox" moment and through of the Punisher having a sweet, Norman Rockwell-esque moment with the Bride from "Kill Bill". I even remember scrambling for a pencil and paper to write the idea down.
Just goes to show you never know when inspiration is going to strike.
He's the Executive Supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest who's overseen some of the most radical changes to the modern contest. But it's now clearer than Jon Ola Sand has switched at least some of their attention away from Europe and towards the rest of the world.
Speaking to Eurovision Fan House, they have confirmed that the European Broadcasting Union is discussing the option of creating a Eurovision-style contest for the United States of America.
They said: “We also want to see if it's possible to create an American version of the Eurovision Song Contest, although we haven't concluded that yet.”
And while the topic may be on the table for discussion, Jon Ola also suggested that we may not be seeing ‘Americavision' on our screens in the next few years.
“This is a long term strategy for sure to see how far outside of Europe the brand can reach,” they said.
So what would Eurovision America entail? While Jon Ola doesn't mention anything else about the contest in this most recent interview, they have previously alluded to the format of the show.
“We are actually in contact with producers in the US to see if it is possible to stage a similar show as the Eurovision Song Contest in the US — competing states against states,” they said. “This is an idea that doesn't come from us, but from producers there who know the market.”
“For everyone who knows the TV business in the US, it's very different from Europe and so it has to be a different show adapted for the market. Still, if it carries the brand of Eurovision Song Contest one way or another we have to make sure it carries and is recognisable, and is not just a competition.”
Such a contest would be similar to the Bundesvision Song Contest in Germany, between its 16 Bundesland.
You can hear their comments from 14:00 below.
Will Eurovision America ever happen? With the EBU's current deal with Viacom to broadcast the Eurovision Song Contest live on Logo each year, the US may slowly be warming to the idea of Americavision. The 2017 contest managed to gain an audience of 64,000 viewers in the US (up from 52,000 in 2016).
However, if history repeats itself then we may not want to get our hopes up just yet.
In 2006, multiple American media agencies, including Futon Critic, announced that NBC had gained the rights to a Eurovision-style contest for the country's 50 states, plus the District of Columbia. The contest was to be decided 100% by public voting, although the exact details were never publicised.
Unfortunately, the contest never came to fruition. However, the fact that these new reports come straight from Jon Ola Sand themselves may give hope that more substantial discussions are now underway.
CHANGES TO EUROVISION AND ESC 2018
Although the biggest takeaway from Jon Ola's interview may be the two lines mentioned about Eurovision America, they did speak about other aspects relating more to the European contest.
When asked if they thought Eurovision had reached its full potential, their answer was no. “The potential has not been reached yet because we still have a lot to do,” they said. “Changes have to be made in steps. And step by step we will continue to develop and take care of the ESC.”
They don't anticipate changes to the voting system, as the current system is the result of years of research and analysis.
“When we decided to change to the present system in 2016 it took many years to make sure it was fair and that we could do this. We had tested it many times and measured the consequences of a system like this. We talked a lot to the members about it, to make sure they were on board and understood the whole set up.”
Jon Ola also gave a brief outlook on the upcoming 2018 contest in Lisbon and said that officials are currently gathering the best core team possible to run the show.
“The Portuguese team is eagerly working on the narrative of the Song Contest and how they can use the show to leverage Portugal, to best showcase themselves, of course always in a way that connects closely to the ESC and its values.”
Are you looking forward to the possibility of Eurovision America? Who would you like to see represent what state? Let us know in the comment section below!
More than a year ago, Microsoft started rolling out the new Outlook.com experience with a new design, and lots of new features. It's an update everyone has been waiting for, and Microsoft still hasn't finished rolling it out. A lot of users are already using the shiny new Outlook.com experience, but there are quite a lot of users who are still using the old experience. Just last month, Microsoft said the company will finish rolling out the new Outlook.com by the end of summer, but it looks like the company will be missing out on the deadline.
Microsoft now states that the company expects to finish the upgrade by the first half of 2017. The company is now showing a message in the Share dialog on Outlook Calendar which reveals the new deadline:
“We're currently upgrading Outlook.com accounts. During the upgrade, you won't be able to share your calendar with some accounts, but you can still send a link to your calendar by clicking “Get a link”. We expect the upgrade to be finished in the first half of 2017. We apologize for the inconvinence and thank you for using Outlook.com”
The new Outlook.com experience's rollout is definitely taking a lot of time to finish — but that's not surprising at all. Back in April of this year, Outlook's Director of Marketing, Jon Orton stated that the update was “more than just a facelift”. Alongside adding new features and the new design, the new Outlook.com experience is also built on an Office 365-based infrastructure — which includes enhanced security, reliability, and a lot more.
It'll be interesting to see if Microsoft manages to finish the huge rollout by the first half of 2017. In the meantime, let us know if you have the new Outlook.com experience or not in the comment section below.
Survey: Government shutdown deterring car sales
New Toyota cars are displayed at Toyota Marin in California (Photo11: Justin Sullivan Getty Images)
An interesting but unscientific new survey finds that car customers may be holding back their purchases until the federal government's partial shutdown ends.
The survey by Kelley Blue Book was conducted online by people who chose whether to participate. Thus, the results aren't based on a scientific sample or conducted at random like many that reach out to people by phone. So for what it's worth, here's what KBB found:
About 18% who say they are planning to buy a new car in the next six months say they are going to wait until the issues of the government shutdown or debt ceiling are resolved. The question drew 405 responses.
Another 64% say the issues have no impact on when they plan to buy, 11% are not familiar enough with the issues to say if it has impacted their decision and 7% are looking to buy sooner than if the twin crises hadn't surfacede. KBB says they figure it might be harder to obtain a new-car loan in the near future.
"The on-going government shutdown poses risk to the on-going recovery in new-vehicle sales," said Alec Gutierrez, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book, says in a statement.
Although it had been fairly widely reported along with other impacts, like the closing of national parks, 82% percent of 662 KBB.com visitors were unaware of the government shutdown has stopped the government primary safety arm, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, from doing its duties. One of them is to issue safety recalls. Another is process consumers' safety complaints.
When it comes to the effects of the changing economy on car buying, about half of those partipating in the survey say they expect interest rates to increase slightly in the next year. Eight percent sayd they will go much higher and 20% predicted they won't change.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gfrufw
Well, I decided to release this based on my work this year on Monster Trainer Roguelike; one of my first mistakes was spending time during the 7DRL to build a simple generic roguelike engine as a basis for the game… the question is, I never released it in such simple form! I decided to release it as I think it may be helpful for devs to use as a starting point for their roguelike or character based games!
It's now in github at https://github.com/slashman/jsrl, you can also check the online demo here
If you are curious what kind of games can be created from it, check Monster Trainer Roguelike
What is this about
A very bare bone roguelike with a character based display
Features
Player can walk around
Raycasting Field of View algorithm
Player can move between persistent levels
Enemies move around chasing the player
Player can pick up, drop and use items (including using items on a given direction)
Player remembers visited maps
A simple Being class based on Races definitions, with “random” and “follow player” intents
class based on Races definitions, with “random” and “follow player” intents A simple Item class based on Item Type definitions
class based on Item Type definitions Infrastructure for Level Generation
Line wrap text boxes
How to use
Clone the repo
Delete .git
Create awesoem gaem
Credits
Uses unicodetiles for IO – http://tapiov.net/unicodetiles.js/
There's a new piece of guerrilla art in Vancouver, and it makes up in penguin what it lacks in penis.
Taking the spot most recently the one day only home of the now infamous “Penis Satan” statue, a penguin wearing sunglasses and a bow tie now sits on the concrete pedestal at Clark and Grandview Highway.
While this more universally appealing imagery is perhaps less controversial than its enormous, red, devilish, and aroused predecessor, it is still art unsanctioned by the City of Vancouver.
Will the powers that be let the penguin stand? Will Vancouverites be as passionate about the penguin as they were the penis? We shall see…
UPDATE: As many people have noticed, the penguin bears an uncanny resemblance to the penguins from Earls restaurants in the 1980s.
Photo: Vancity Buzz
It's never the right time to talk about guns at the Trump White House.
On the fifth anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary School mass shooting that claimed 26 lives — including 20 young children — Donald Trump didn't bother tweeting any message of condolence or remembrance.
Their silence reflects the administration's do-nothing approach to gun violence, which White House press secretary Sarah Sanders made clear on Thursday.
Asked by a reporter at the daily briefing to detail “what President Trump has done to try to protect the American people against a similar type of massacre,” Sanders actually responded by touting tighter border security measures.
Pressed again — and reminded that the Sandy Hook shooter didn't enter the U.S. from another country, nor did the shooters who killed nearly 100 people during the massacres in Las Vegas and Sutherland Springs, Texas, this year — Sanders awkwardly conceded that the White House hasn't done a thing to try to stop the bloodshed:
SANDERS: You have to take these matters, obviously, very seriously. But if you could name a single thing that would have prevented both of these, I would like to hear it because I don't know what that would look like. But we're looking every single day at how you can protect American lives, and how we can best protect American citizens.
Essentially, Sanders professed to be completely baffled as to why the U.S. has more mass shootings than any other country in the world, and then used their assertion of ignorance to justify the administration's failure to do anything to prevent the problem.
“Five years later, Congress has done nothing — nothing — to protect our communities,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein lamented on Thursday. She's been trying to get a bill passed that would outlaw bump stocks, a device that allows gun owners to turn semi-automatic rifles into functioning machine guns, like the ones used to kill so many Americans in Las Vegas this year.
But, as Feinstein noted, Republicans won't even support a common sense measure like that.
The ugly truth is that over the last five years, and particularly during Trump's first year in office, instead of trying to make Americans safer and address the raging epidemic of gun violence, Republicans have embraced the NRA's radical agenda and are actively trying to make sure that more people have more guns in more places.
Just weeks after two horrific gun massacres, Republicans in the House pushed through a bill that would allow gun owners with concealed carry permits to carry concealed weapons outside of their home state — even in states that explicitly ban concealed weapons in public places.
“The ‘Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act,' a top priority for the National Rifle Association and other gun-rights groups, passed 231-198,” Politico reported this month.
And earlier this year Republicans specifically repealed a regulation, adopted in response to the Sandy Hook massacre, that blocked people with certain mental disorders from purchasing firearms.
Meanwhile, an NBC News analysis published on Thursday lays bare just how severe America's gun violence epidemic has become — and how many children suffer as a result.
Since the Sandy Hook elementary school shooting in December 2012, nearly 1,000 children under the age of 12 have been shot and killed in the U.S. Of those, 317 were shot accidentally, 287 were shot by another child, and 289 were killed in murder-suicides.
By ignoring America's raging gun violence problem, Trump is walking away from their duty to help protect the citizenry. If they want to be “tough on crime” and put “America first,” they could start by prioritizing the safety of American children — or at least stop putting them in danger by neglecting our nation's gun violence epidemic.
Razer, who specializes in technology hardware for gamers, announced today that they're hitting the road with a Razer Experience Tour, which will make a stop at San Diego Comic-Con from Thursday, July 20 – Sunday, July 23 at the Petco Interactive Zone (which also confirms that will be back this year!).
The event will give attendees “a chance to immerse themselves in advanced gaming and virtual reality technology, or to compose their own electronic music tracks with state-of-the-art computers and software”. There will be over 20 interactive demo stations, where you can test out Razer laptops and accessories, as well as play games like the custom racing pods Projects CARS 2 from Slightly Mad Studios and Bandai, or test out adding visual elements to music production.
Attendees will also have the ability to create custom Razer Blade “X-Rays” using green screen technology, choosing from popular gaming heroes to reveal their inner gaming character and share with friends.
Razer will also be giving away a prize pack at each stop, which will include a 14″ Razer Blade laptop and accessories.
The 28-year-old Hope Hicks was among the first members of Trump's presidential campaign, joining it after working for the Trump Organization. | Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images Hope Hicks to be White House communications director
Hope Hicks, a longtime member of President Donald Trump's communications team, will assume the role of White House communications director on a permanent basis, a senior administration official confirmed Tuesday morning.
Hicks had taken on the role of communications director on an interim basis since last month, when they filled the job following the short-lived tenure of Anthony Scaramucci. That the “interim” tag had been removed from Hicks's title was first reported by Bloomberg.
Story Continued Below
The 28-year-old Hicks was among the first members of Trump's presidential campaign, joining it after working for the Trump Organization.  They are the third White House communications director of Trump's presidency, following Scaramucci, who held the job for less than two weeks, and Mike Dubke, who resigned last May.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Hicks was initially hesitant to accept the position when it was offered to their last month, and it was at their insistence that the “interim” title was initially added to their title, according to a source cited in an earlier POLITICO story. But despite the ostensibly temporary nature of their initial appointment, no active search for another communications director had been conducted as of late August.
I stepped onto the elevator yesterday with my 5-year-old daughter, expecting a quick and easy ride up to our apartment. Already standing inside was our neighbor, an unmarried woman in their 50's. "Wow, she's gotten so big since the last time I saw her," they said. I smiled patiently. Then I'm starting counting in my head, "1, 2, 3...." Before I had gotten to 10, the expected and inappropriate remark fell from their lips: "Time for a sibling!"
Welcome to my world. It's the world of having an only, where every day someone is checking out my belly or blatantly asking me why Junior doesn't have a biologically, built-in-the-U.S.-of-me playmate. Tired of the comments and curious stares, I'm setting the record straight, right here, right now. Having an only child rocks. Here's why:
With only one, life is easy peasy. I have tons of time for hobbies, travel, adult conversations, impromptu trips to the outlet mall and anything else that suits my fancy. I don't referee little people's spats, wipe up their messes or spend hours coordinating pickups and drop-offs. I get QT with the hubby whenever I want. And my worry level about finances is just about nonexistent. In fact, I'd describe most of my family's days together as relaxing, fun and fulfilling. If you're the mom of more than one kid under 6, can you really say the same?
Wow. It was fun to share that with you. It was so cathartic that I'm going to tell you this as well: I don't like it when strangers, friends or family members make plans for my uterus. It's my uterus. They are my fallopian tubes and ovaries, and the last time I checked, those eggs had my DNA and not the neighbor's, the manicurist's, the doorman's, hubby's curious colleagues' or yours. Consider it this way: If it's not acceptable for me to ask how many orgasms you've had this week, it's just as unacceptable for you to ask me about my reproductive plans.
A few DWI-related stories from the past few weeks...
• As more and more states are now allowing police officers to forcibly extract blood of DWI suspects, the New Jersey State Supreme Court recently took the practice a step further. The court ruled that not only may police forcibly draw blood, they may use extreme force in doing so, including force that inflicts permanent physical damage on the suspect.
• The California Highway Patrol was recently forced to turn over the largely pre-written police reports officers use in DWI cases. The templates come already completed with boilerplate language like, "As I spoke with the driver I smelled the strong odor of an alcoholic beverage emitting from his/her breath. I noticed that the driver had red watery eyes, as well as slow and slurred speech," and "eyes showed lack of smooth pursuit, distinct nystagmus at the extremes and an onset prior to 45 degrees."
• Last spring, the U.S. Marine Corps commandant announced that marines on base who were over 18 would be permitted to consume alcohol on special occasions, such as upon returning from an overseas deployment. You can probably guess who objected.
• When James Bludsworth began to have a diabetic episode while driving, they pulled their truck over to the side of the road, and passed out behind the wheel. Police in Ozark, Alabama were called to the scene and, when Bludsworth didn't respond to orders to get out of the car, they used a Taser on him. They then arrested them and threw them in a jail cell on charges of resisting arrest and driving under the influence. Though Bludsworth blew 0.0 on a breath test and had no prior criminal record, those charges against them remain. The arresting officer will not be disciplined.
Offworld Trading Company has been in Early Access for over a year, and in that time we have launched 10 major beta updates based on feedback from you. The game has improved in innumerable ways from our first version because of the dedication and involvement of our community.
Today, we announce the release date of the game as April 28th, 2016, and we are excited to bring this game to a wider audience. We don't view release as the end of the project but as another milestone in the game's progress. We will be supporting, updating, and playing the game with all of you as we have always been (indeed, we have added an achievement entitled Beat Soren, so look for me online!).
We want to thank all of our players for believing in the game, posting on our forums, and playing with us. Building an economic RTS was a leap of faith for us, but it was also a leap of faith for you, one that we will never forget. From the entire Mohawk team, thank you for supporting Offworld Trading Company.
This article is over 3 years old
Emin Huseynov flew out of Azerbaijan on the plane of Switzerland's foreign minister, Didier Burkhalter, who attended the Euro Games ceremony in Baku
Switzerland has flown out of Azerbaijan an opposition journalist who had been sheltering for 10 months at its embassy in Baku, officials said Saturday, a day after the inaugural European Games opened in the tightly-controlled ex-Soviet country.
Emin Huseynov flew out of Azerbaijan on the plane of Switzerland's foreign minister, Didier Burkhalter, who attended the Euro Games ceremony in Baku late on Friday, the federal department of foreign affairs said.
Their departure came after months of negotiations with the Azerbaijani authorities, department spokesperson Jean-Marc Crevoisier said.
The 35-year-old journalist and rights activist was currently in Bern, did not for the moment wish to speak to the media and has until September to decide whether they want to apply for asylum in Switzerland, Crevoisier was quoted as saying.
A fierce critic of authoritarian Azerbaijan president Ilham Aliyev's human rights record, Huseynov has been sheltering at the Swiss embassy in Baku since 18 August 2014 when they evaded Azerbaijani police to enter the building posing as a Swiss national.
At the time, the activist had been sought by prosecutors on charges of “illegal entrepreneurship and tax evasion”.
Switzerland allowed them to remain at its embassy for “humanitarian reasons”.
The United States welcomed the Azerbaijani government's decision to allow Huseynov, “a courageous proponent of media freedom”, to leave the country but called for the release of other detained activists.
“While we are pleased by this gesture, timed with the launch of the inaugural European Games in Baku, we urge the Azerbaijani government to extend this same goodwill to others considered to have been incarcerated for their civic activism,” US State Department spokesperson John Kirby said in a statement.
Energy-rich Azerbaijan has pumped vast resources into hosting the first edition of the European Games sporting extravaganza billed as Europe's answer to the Olympics from June 12-28, building state-of-the-art facilities in a bid to burnish its image.
But international and local rights activists have been using coverage of the glitzy event to draw the world's attention to the widespread rights abuses in the Caucasus country.
Right groups accuse Aliyev's government of consistently using spurious charges to jail regime critics and of stepping up a campaign to stifle opposition since their election for a third term in 2013.
Aliyev, 53, came to power in 2003 following an election seen as flawed by international observers.
They took over after the death of their father Heydar Aliyev, a former KGB officer and communist-era leader who had ruled newly independent Azerbaijan with an iron fist since 1993.
For those of you who haven't kept up with the ridiculous UFC 151 debacle; Jon Jones and Vitor Belfort are slated to meet in a title match at UFC 152, and as is my job I will be educating the fans over the coming weeks in the techniques that they are most likely to see from both men. Jon Jones has caught the public imagination as almost an unfair match to most in the light heavyweight division due to their Dhalsim-like reach and height, but the assertion that fighting with an 84 inch reach is easy is a flawed one. It takes a great deal of skill for Jones to strike as well as they do and you only need to compare them to Stefan Struve to realize the difficulty of fighting to your reach advantage.
Stefan Struve also owns an 84" reach - yet they have none of the success on the feet that Jon Jones does. This is entirely because Struve fights a shorter man's fight; stepping in with hooks, swings and stepping knees - often running right onto their opponent's punches or allowing them to tie them up and take them down with ease as Sean McCorkle did. (G) (G) Jon Jones is a unique case because they do not just have an 84 inch reach, they are absolutely ruthless with it - to the point where ridiculous talk of how they should move to heavyweight because it's unfair to make light heavyweights fight them is now commonplace.
Jones' excellent use of their reach comes firstly from excellent coaching in lengthy techniques - as their teammate Carlos Condit also demonstrates - but also from their own discipline as a student. Where Condit will get caught up in exchanges at close range and look sloppy, Jones will immediately re-establish the distance or tie their opponent up and throw them when they are forced to fight too close for their coaches' liking.
The technique that we'll look at today is the controversial push kick to the knee or Oblique kick.
Greg Jackson and Mike Winklejohn have produced several fighters who are keen on the so-called chasse or oblique kick. For those of you unfamiliar with the oblique kick it is rather a specialist kick that features in both Muay Thai and Savate, but it is also fairly simple to apply. Here's a quick video demonstrating one variation of the oblique kick.
The oblique kick may be used as a snapping kick, whipping out and back in one motion, or as a thrust kick. A thrusting oblique kick is delivered by drawing the kicking knee up to your elbow, then stomping down on the opponent's knee joint at a 45-degree angle of descent. A thrusting oblique kick is most useful for self defence as it can completely destroy an opponent's knee joint but is difficult to land on a mobile, experienced fighter.
This type of front kick to the knee joint is a favourite of Mike Winklejohn's students at Jackson's MMA and can be seen in almost all of Jon Jones and Carlos Condit's recent fights. It is also seen as something of a cheap shot by many fighters as kicks to the front of the knee are very dangerous - easily capable of hyper extending the knee - and severe knee injuries are career changing affairs. Supposedly the human knee joint takes only a few points of pressure to hyper-extend when it is in a neutral or straightened position. If there is not suitable flex in a fighter's knee when they eat one of these kicks it could not just be the end of the fight but the end of their career. Mauricio Rua and Norifumi Yamamoto's recent performances should be example enough of how severe knee injuries affect the style and ability of former pound for pound greats.
The chasse / oblique kick is an extremely useful technique to strikers because it limits the action. Men like Jon Jones and Carlos Condit do well at range when they are dictating what is happening and are landing their biting kicks - they give away all of their advantages on the feet when their opponents are allowed to run at them.
An excellent example of this kick in action is Carlos Condit's use of this kick to defeat Dan Hardy. Watching the fight it was clear that Hardy was the better boxer - hitting Carlos with left hooks every time the latter ran in. Condit's boxing is not great, they throw looping punches with flared elbows and lifts their chin up as they do so - but their kicking game is excellent. Hardy's money punch is their left hook at they gave Condit trouble with it all night. To throw a powerful left hook the weight must start over the left leg, so that one can drive off of it and rotate the left hip and shoulder to the right. By using the oblique kick into Dan Hardy's lead knee repeatedly, Carlos Condit forced Hardy onto their back foot.
In the above stills you will notice that Condit really troubled Hardy as soon as they started throwing their chasse / oblique kick. In the top two stills Hardy attempts a right hand lead, doubtless to set up their left hook, but their knee is almost hyper extended by Condit as Hardy puts their weight forward. In the bottom two stills you can see that Hardy's stance is much shorter and their legs are underneath him, rather than spread to drive off of and create power. (G)
Condit's kicking of Hardy's front knee literally put Hardy on the back foot, as Hardy was reluctant to put weight on their lead leg so that they could pick it up and get it out of the way. This removed the power from Hardy's left hook as they could not plant their left foot deep in front of them to throw it. Notice in the last sequence - the three punch exchange that everyone remembers is immediately preceeded by the chasse to the knee which again almost hyper extends Hardy's knee joint. Hardy draws their lead leg back as Hardy dives in.
You will notice that Hardy tried to use their usual left hook counter (bottom right still, end of the sequence) but their feet were so close together underneath them that they had no power in their punch, where Condit was driving from their legs and hips with their own left hook. The UFC commentary played up the "Condit got there first" angle, but Hardy's punch connected anyway and had none of it's usual power, simply due to the fact that they were forced out of their usual sprinter's style stance.
The chasse is excellent against big punchers because men with a great right hand need to dive on to their left leg as they throw their right, and men with a great left hook need to put their weight on their left leg before they throw their left. You cannot punch effectively if you are can't transfer your body weight onto your lead leg, and the chasse takes away the ability to do that by threatening to hyper-extend the knee joint every time weight is placed on it.
Quinton Jackson was an absolute tailor made match up for Jon Jones - they gave up ten inches of reach, has slow feet, and relies entirely on their left hook; the shortest punch in the traditional boxing arsenal aside from uppercuts. Their usual tactic is to let men attack him, block their shots on their elbows and arms, and fire back. Against Jones they sat on the end of Jones' reach, doing nothing but eating kicks. To Jones' credit, however, they actively made Rampage's chances of getting in close much worse by routinely using the chasse / oblique kick.
Here are just a handful of the chasse / oblique kicks that Jones used throughout the fight. Jones went to this tactic over and over again and it damages Rampage more than any other. In the third round Jones caught Rampage flat footed and clearly injured the latter's knee joint. Rampage moved with a limp from that moment on and the finish came in the next round. Rampage was unable to put weight on their knee when Jones was kicking, for fear of eating the kick, and once the injury had taken place they simply had no hope of hurting Jones with their punches. All punching power comes from the legs - Rampage is one of the biggest hitters in the UFC but they cannot hit hard if they cannot use their legs.
Jones has also used this technique against Lyoto Machida, to counter the latter's ability to explode in from a great distance - this is the one skill that Vitor Belfort brings to the table. Look for Jones to use the oblique kick to keep Belfort at distance and brutalise them with the kicks that Belfort has always struggled against.
Stay tuned for more editions of Jon Jones' Toolbox!
Jack Slack breaks down over 70 striking tactics employed by 20 elite strikers in their ebook, Advanced Striking.
*************
Look out for news on Jack Slack's new Kindle book, Elementary Striking which will teach the basic techniques and strategies of striking in detail.
Jack can be found on Twitter, Facebook and at their blog; Fights Gone By.
Former PM tells Alan Jones that they will continue to make public contributions as they see fit and says they didn't enter public life to be a ‘Trappist monk'
Tony Abbott says they have a duty to speak out and won't quit politics
Tony Abbott has defied calls to quit parliament, declaring they have “an absolute right, and sometimes, a duty” to speak out on national and local issues.
The former prime minister used an interview with their friend and media booster, Alan Jones, on Sky News, on Tuesday night, to say they would continue to make public contributions as they saw fit, and Abbott slapped down Malcolm Turnbull for suggesting they were intent, with their incursions, on driving down the Coalition's performance in the Newspoll.
Abbott said the idea there was “some sinister Machiavellian plot” to influence Newspoll results was completely wrong.
Warren Entsch pleads with Tony Abbott to shut up Read more
The former Liberal prime minister told Jones they were not interested in stoking another bout of “political cannibalism” by taking on Turnbull for the party leadership, a trend they argued had been corrosive in Australian politics, but they said they would continue to “say my piece.”
Abbott said they had not entered public life to be “a Trappist monk”.
The former prime minister said the Coalition needed to guard against a drift of votes to the right, and they said the government did not want to lose votes “to parties on the right who are more about grievance than solutions”.
They said the government had to acknowledge that the Labor leader, Bill Shorten, could win the next election, and the Coalition needed to give “people something to hope for and our base something to fight for”.
Abbott said one galvanising issue would be removing all subsidies for wind turbines.
Tony Abbott launches new attack on Turnbull – but says PM shouldn't be replaced Read more
The latest incursion follows a public plea by the the veteran Liberal MP Warren Entsch for Abbott to shut up or quit parliament – and it follows a significant effort by Turnbull on Tuesday to appeal to disaffected conservative voters by turning public attention to the themes of economic nationalism and foreign workers.
Turnbull announced on Tuesday the government will replace skilled 457 visas with two new visa streams, which would work to give priority to “Australian jobs”.
The populist move was welcomed by the One Nation leader, Pauline Hanson, and the Liberal defector Cory Bernardi.
Pauline Hanson (@PaulineHansonOz) The Government will deny their tough talk on immigration & plan to ban 457 visas is because of One Nation but we all know the truth! #auspol
Cory Bernardi (@corybernardi) Pleased to see changes to work visa system but wouldn't be happening without @AuConservatives reminding gov what it should be doing. #Auspol
Turnbull in late February publicly blamed Abbott for the Coalition's poor showing in Newspoll, saying the former prime minister knew exactly what they were doing with their “outburst” last week, while the poll was in the field.
The prime minister was referring to a highly provocative speech Abbott delivered at a book launch earlier in the month, where they unveiled a sweeping conservative manifesto for the next federal election, declaring the Coalition needed to cut immigration, slash the renewable energy target, abolish the Human Rights Commission and gut the capacity of the Senate to be a roadblock to the government's agenda.
The Abbott speech contained a number of pointed potshots at Turnbull, and the former prime minister warned the government would not win the next election unless it won back the conservative base.
Turnbull told reporters in late February an opinion poll was a snapshot of public opinion at a particular point in time, and “what we saw was an outburst [from Abbott] on Thursday, and it had its desired impact on the Newspoll – it was exactly as predicted and calculated”.
Asked whether Abbott was responsible for the poor poll, which suggested Labor had opened a 10-point lead over the government, Turnbull said “[Abbott] knew exactly what they were doing and they did it”.
The former prime minister told Jones on Tuesday night they had accepted the invitation to speak at the book launch the previous November, so the outing had no relationship to the fact the opinion survey was in the field.
They stood by their conservative manifesto during the interview with Jones, and they didn't demur when the voluble broadcaster described conservative critics of Abbott's, such as the finance minister Mathias Cormann, as “bed-wetters”.
0 Lakes at Moss Park closed after 10-year-old girl bitten by alligator
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A 10-year-old girl is recovering at home after they were bitten by an alligator in Lake Mary Jane at Lake Moss Park, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission officials said.
The girl was sitting in the 2-feet deep water, in a designated swim area, shortly before 3 p.m. Saturday when the alligator, which was estimated to be 8 to 9 feet long, attacked, FWC officials said.
They were transported to Nemours Children's Hospital by their parents, officials said. They have at least 10 stitches, their father told Channel 9's Julie Salomone.
Photos: Alligator captured, killed at Lake Moss Park
The girl said they fought off the gator by poking it in the nostril, something they learned while visiting Gatorland, a theme park and wildlife preserve, their father said. They also pried the gator's mouth open to remove their leg, the girl told officials.
"To get an animal with the strongest bite on the planet to let go of you is a miracle," said Donald Aldarelli, Gatorland representative. "I'm just happy that they heard it here."
FWC trapper George Walrath captured and euthanized the gator in Lake Hart after the attack, according to Orange County Parks and Recreation.
Photos: Alligator captured, killed in Marion County
"In an abundance of caution, the waterfront will be off limits to the public for the next week while Florida Fish & Wildlife conduct a review and until Orange County Parks & Recreation Division can meet with the agency to review the situation before making any decisions on opening the waterfront," said Matt Suedmeyer, manager of Orange County Parks & Recreation Division, in a statement.
FWC released information on the number of alligator bites throughout the state.
Several alligator warning signs were put up throughout Orange County after an alligator attacked and killed a 2-year-old boy at Disney. © 2019 Cox Media Group.
Last June, Lane Graves, 2, was attacked and killed by an alligator at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort.
Graves death led to officials adding more alligator warning signs throughout the county.
Read: Parents of toddler killed by alligator release statement
A woman swimming in Wekiva Springs in 2015 had their arm bitten off by an alligator.
Watch below to learn 9 Facts about Alligators:
We just got this photo of the gator that bit the 10 yr old. The alligator was caught by a trapper. pic.twitter.com/NbeWsiGGmH — Julie Salomone (@JSalomoneWFTV) May 7, 2017
style="border:1px solid black;" width="100%">
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
For more than 100 years there has been an agreement between the Alberta government and its politically powerful ranchers.
They care for more than five million acres of public land in exchange for the right to graze their livestock on it.
In many ways, it was a good deal for both sides.
- Cliff Wallis
But over the years it's become a much better deal for the ranchers, because the rent hasn't gone up in more than 20 years and because there is oil and natural gas under the Prairie grassland.
The ranchers have been charging energy companies to access the public land that they care for, but don't own.
It has been a long-simmering but politically impossible problem for Alberta.
Now the province's auditor general has triggered a review of the grazing lease program, and the fight isn't going to be pretty.
"The auditor general has really dropped a bombshell into the discussion," said Cliff Wallis, a board member with the Alberta Wilderness Association.
"We have a real variation of people out on the land, from really good flight attendants who know what they're doing, who look after the resource, to others who see it as a private fiefdom."
Cowboy welfare?
Critics call it cowboy welfare.
The original leaseholders were granted the grazing rights free. They pay very reasonable rent to the province and taxes to the municipality. Ranchers are responsible for fencing and other upkeep.
The real conflict is around energy development. Ranchers are able to charge energy companies and utilities for access to the public land.
Under current law, if you want to drill a well or put up a power line or lay pipeline, you pay the leaseholder for access to the land.
Therefore grazing leases have become very valuable. Something that was granted free is now sold on the private real estate market, sometimes for hundreds of dollars per acre.
Alberta public land leased by ranchers for grazing their livestock. (Peter Maloff Re/Max)
The lease for the public land in this picture is for sale. There are 1,134 acres of rangeland that can support 166 grazing cattle per month. The leaseholder must maintain the land, fence it, control the weeds and pay the municipal taxes.
The annual lease amount is less than $600, the taxes are less than $700. The asking price for the lease is $265,000. When the lease is sold, the proceeds will go to the selling leaseholder, not the province.
"In my grandfather's time, they only paid the lease fees and taxes and took over the leases," said Pat Rutledge, a leaseholder in southeastern Alberta.
Rutledge has 20,000 acres of land, about half of which is leased and half is owned, or deeded.
"We happen to have two sections that are adjacent to our pasture that the neighbour would like to sell," said Rutledge.
"My daughter made them an offer last winter of $600 an acre for the deeded land and $300 an acre for the leased land, and it wasn't high enough."
Rutledge says they support an increase in the lease rates paid to the province.
"The Grazing Leaseholders Association has been proposing a different formula that would see lease fees go up over time," said Rutledge, adding that if lease rates are too low, American cattle producers might perceive them as a subsidy.
Ranchers and the energy sector
Auditor General Merwan Saher did say that annual rents are too low, but they were more focused on compensation from the energy industry.
Their report states the province doesn't know how many of its leases have oil and gas activity on them, nor how much was paid for that access. Saher was forced to cobble together an estimate through extrapolation.
They obtained public information on 54 grazing associations with around 600,000 acres of public land under lease. According to the report, those associations paid nearly $60,000 in annual rent to the province and collected nearly $350,000 in payments from industry for access to the land.
From that example, Saher estimated the province was forgoing more than $25 million each year that was paid to ranchers for access to public land.
Larry Sears, chairperson of the Alberta Grazing Leaseholders Association, points out that the government still collects royalties on the oil or natural gas being produced. But in the case of leased public land, it doesn't collect the fees paid to access the land to drill in the first place.
"The government gets compensated," said Sears, a rancher in southern Alberta who has no oil and gas activity on their leases. "They are the owner of the resource and get royalties; they get more than half of what the grazing leaseholder gets."
Sears questions whether Saher understands the issues ranchers face.
"I don't think there's any understanding by either himself, or the politicians, or the general public about what the leaseholder has to put up with in the way of adverse affects [from oil and gas]."
"There's lots of potential damage to fences, livestock health, livestock death, fire, dust, noise, all of these things that can affect your operation."
Sears also disputes the $25-million figure, saying the auditor general is simply making a guess.
Access to the land
Money is not the only issue with grazing leases. Recreational users like hunters, as well as First Nations people and environmentalists, have long bemoaned their lack of access to public lands held under grazing leases.
The leaseholders have to allow reasonable access to the land, but can also deny permission. Online hunting forums are full of discussions about who owns what grazing leases, how likely they are to grant access and where the fences can be found.
"We've been doing some work for government and have been disallowed to get on the land to do biological surveys," said Wallis, of the wilderness association.
"We hear those same statements, that we don't understand. I don't think they understand the value of those public lands and how much frustration there is when it comes to getting access."
Political heft
In 1999, the Progressive Conservative government of Premier Ralph Klein passed a bill that fundamentally changed the way leaseholders were compensated for energy drilling on the Crown land, which would have brought Alberta's law closer to those in Saskatchewan and B.C.
In news stories from that time, the estimate was that leaseholders would be giving up $40 million per year. Larry Sears says that number was never cited by ranchers, and that the grazing leaseholders do not feel the number is anywhere near that high.
The day after the bill passed, Klein was set to attend a Western Premiers' Conference at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller, Alta.
The ranching community came out on horseback to send a message to Klein. They lined the entrance to the museum, holding placards that said Klein was biting the hand that fed him.
Alberta ranchers protest changes to grazing rights in 1999. 0:34
Klein didn't turn up, and the protest dispersed. However, the message was received and the law was never proclaimed, or implemented.
Whether that political heft will hold with Alberta's current NDP government remains to be seen.
The government has promised only to review the program. It hasn't committed to change it.
Official SmashEurope Spring 2016 Melee Top 20 Ranking: 2nd place
With a strong focus on fundamentals and both technical and efficient play, Leffen became good at Melee in a relatively short amount of time. Initially getting into the scene as a Brawl player in 2009, they started entering Melee tournaments in 2010 and quickly ended up making a full transition. Within their first years of playing they found themselves placing in single digits and made it out to various American nationals.
From 2013 and onwards, they would typically only lose to Armada on European soil and even won various events with their countryman in attendance. To this day, they have maintained a close record against the best player in the world. Their intercontinental breakout performance was no doubt APEX 2014, where they defeated Hungrybox and ended up in fourth place. They followed this up with major European wins at events such as BEAST 4, Republic of Fighters 3 and BEAST 5.
At APEX 2015 Leffen settled the question of belonging with the, until then, established top 5 of Melee by defeating Mew2King. To this day they remain the only player to have beaten all five of these “Gods”, who generally only took losses to each other for a considerable amount of time. Although they had a bit of a low period after, by the summer of 2015 they were in contention for the title of the best player in the world through winning three American nationals in a row. They couldn't quite seal the deal at EVO that year, where they took 5th.
The second half of 2015 was unfortunately characterized by visa issues, preventing Leffen from competing in several major events. With a disappointing 9th place at DreamHack Winter, it will be interesting to see how they fares overseas once their situation is resolved. Their position as the second best player in Europe has not been put into question, however; they maintain a convincing record against all European players and took a set against Armada as recently as February 2016, at BEAST 6.
Overview of results sponsor main(s) Red Bull eSports, Team Solo Mid Fox rank rating 2 9,83 Evo 2015 Paragon Los Angeles 2015 HTC Throwdown DH Winter BEAST 6 5 5 1 9 2 @TSM_Leffen lffn
This ranking was a SmashEurope-wide effort spearheaded by Marc, who managed the project and wrote the majority of the player profiles. Additional profiles were written by Rutger and editing was done by Remen. Cas aided in setting up the form and processing the results, while Joeri took care of layout and images. Source photographs used were shot by Seya, Stephanie Lindgren, José Luis Espinosa Parra and Michael Hathaway. We wish to thank the various community leaders who gathered votes and encouraged the panelists and, finally, Tafokints for their input and setting an example with SSBMRank.
Sony's Screen Gems has tapped “Stomp the Yard” director Sylvain White for its “Slender Man” horror movie, based on the supernatural character who stalks, abducts and traumatizes people.
Screen Gems began negotiations last May to acquire feature film rights from Mythology Entertainment, Madhouse Entertainment and No Dream Entertainment. Producers are planning to start shooting by the spring.
Producers of the “Slender Man” movie are Bradley Fischer, James Vanderbilt and William Sherak for Mythology; Madhouse's Robyn Meisinger; and No Dream's Sarah Snow. Executive producers are Tracey Nyberg, Louis Sallerson, Adam Kolbrenner and Ryan Cunningham.
Slender Man is a tall, thin figure with unnaturally long arms and a featureless face. The figure first appeared on the Internet in 2009 as a submission in a Photoshop contest in which users were challenged to edit everyday photographs to appear paranormal.
A forum poster with the user name “Victor Surge” contributed two black and white images of groups of children and added a spectral figure wearing a black suit. They wrote under one of the photographs: “He is thought to be responsible for the haunting, stalking, and disappearance of countless children and teens.”
White directed dance drama “Stomp the Yard” in 2007 for Screen Gems. The film was a solid performer with $75 million in worldwide grosses on a $13 million budget.
White's credits include the 2013 French film “The Mark of Angels — Miserere” and the 2010 film “The Losers.” He's repped by UTA and Principato-Young. The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
This was just an ugly game all around for the Bengals.
They were manhandled in every facet of the game en route to falling behind 28-0, and while they did show fight in the second half, it was too big of a hole to climb out of as they fell 28-14 and notched their third loss of the season.
Here is a look at our winners and losers from the game, though, it often felt like everyone on Cincinnati was a loser.
WINNERS
The Bengals made a surprising decision to start Giovani Bernard in this game, marking the first time he's started since Week 15 of 2015 and just the second time since Week 15 of 2014. Jeremy Hill has gotten every other start since then, and for the most part, he's earned it.
However, the ground game has failed to get going this season, and the Bengals must have felt Bernard was more deserving of the start in this game. They were spot on, as Bernard finished the first half with 30 yards rushing on five carries (6.0 avg) and two catches for 17 yards.
While not anything to brag about, that was a solid line that was really all that kept the Bengals offense moving in what was a disaster of a first half. Bernard finished the game with just 50 yards on nine carries (5.56 avg) and six grabs for 46 yards.
The Bengals may need to consider starting Bernard consistently going forward.
Andy Dalton
You have to give Andy Dalton props for giving it their all in this one. Most quarterbacks would have folded when down 28-0 and been doing everything in their power to preserve themselves.
Instead, Dalton did everything they could to move the offense, even when it meant calling their own number and running at the defense. You rarely see quarterbacks do that, let alone when they're down 28-0.
Dalton even appeared to injure their ankle in the second half, but stayed in and led the Bengals to a pair of late touchdowns to at least make the game respectable. Dalton could have easily taken themselves out and let AJ McCarron finish the blowout loss, but they stayed in and took the beating with their teammates.
Brandon LaFell
The Bengals managed to get a pair of garbage-time scores, but they were touchdowns nonetheless that Brandon LaFell caught both of. LaFell came into this game having yet to score this year, but reached the end zone twice in the final quarter.
Seeing a Bengals receiver not named A.J. Green was nice, even if it did come in garbage time.
LOSERS
We've already detailed the struggles of Cedric Ogbuehi and how he's hurting this offensive line. There's no sense in beating a dead horse with their previous struggles, but they were somehow worse in this game.
DeMarcus Lawrence, a solid pass-rusher coming off a four-game suspension, looked like Robert Quinn almost every time they went one-on-one with Ogbuehi. It was ugly, and it helped keep Andy Dalton under fire all day and keep the offense grounded.
The Bengals better hope Ogbuehi improves a lot over the next year. He'll have to make massive improvements just to avoid being labeled a bust, let alone be a player they want starting at right tackle for the next decade.
The Defensive Line
Give credit where credit is due: Dallas has one of, if not the best offensive lines in football, but there is still no excuse for what they were able to do to Cincinnati's defensive line. This line has been too good to get pushed around and manhandled the way they did in this game.
They looked lost and disinterested for far too many plays in this game, which led to them getting run out of the building before the first half was even over.
Then again, should we really be surprised at this when we're seeing Margus Hunt and Will Clarke both on the field for significant snaps in the first half? Those two entered training camp on the roster bubble, and because the Bengals added no one to challenge them for roster spots, they were gifted with jobs, and now we're seeing why they were on the bubble.
To be fair to Clarke, he's at least been a good pass-rusher, but he's a ghost against the run. Then again, the guy ahead of them on the depth chart hasn't been much better...
But as bad as Hunt and Clarke were, Michael Johnson has been almost nonexistent for five games now. They entered this game with a mere seven tackles and 0.5 sacks, which came against some pretty shady offensive tackles on the Jets, Steelers and Dolphins.
Johnson came into this game ranked as Pro Football Focus' 70th-best edge defender out of 92 eligible players. That's why it wasn't much of a surprise to see Johnson erased in this game to the point Clarke was actually getting more snaps than normal.
The day that Will Clarke is more effective than Michael Johnson, MJ and their $20 million contract need to take a hike.
Jesus. Bodine. — Josh Kirkendall (@Josh_Kirkendall) October 9, 2016
Need I say more?
“The Summer of Subpoena is back,” Rachel Maddow said Wednesday night.
Maddow took their viewers on a tour down memory lane, specifically to 1997, when House Reform and Oversight Committee Chairman Dan Burton made it their raison d'être to unseat then-President Bill Clinton, a quest that involved accusing Clinton of everything from doctoring fundraiser tapes to selling burial plots in Arlington National Cemetery. Burton also once shot a watermelon in their backyard as part of a recreation of the alleged murder of Vince Foster.
“For years, Dan Burton's whole reason for being been to try to find a way to take down the presidency of Bill Clinton using the powers of their own office in the House,” Maddow said.
The most absurd of the faux-scandals involved a Christmas card the Clintons sent out in 1997. It wasn't the card that caught Burton's eye so much as the database of contact information the Clintons used to send it, which included the names and addresses of 350,000 of people they had met since moving into the White House.
“Congressional Republicans knew it was a scandal!” Maddow said, in a mock Columbo voice. “They suspected something nefarious. They thought the Christmas card list was somehow corrupt, criminal, an abuse of power. So Republicans held hearings. Republicans called up thirty-four witnesses to give depositions about the Christmas card list. They demanded more than 40,000 documents about the Christmas card list. They held days of hearings on the Christmas card list. And they accuse liberals of waging war on Christmas?”
“Despite all the hearings and the depositions and all the rest of it,” Maddow continued, “the Republican investigations into the Christmas card list turned up nothing. Sometimes a Christmas card is just a Christmas card.”
Of course, the man in Barton's position now is Darrell Issa, who first chased after the Obama Administration over Fast and Furious, and is currently neck deep in their own “Summer of Subpoenas” as they run three simultaneous investigations into Benghazi, the IRS controversy, and the Department of Justice's seizure of Associated Press phone lines and a Fox News reporters' correspondence.
“If you saw this whole thing unfold the first time,” Maddow said, “the plot this time will seem familiar, even if some of the faces are changed—some.”
Actually, some of the faces are the same, especially then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills, who testified on the “great White House Christmas card scandal,” when they were Bill Clinton's Deputy Counsel.  They are now back in front of the very same committee testifying on Benghazi.
“It's going to be a long, hot, stupid summer,” Maddow concluded.
Watch the whole segment here:
—
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The Kremlin responded to media reports that President Donald Trump held a second “secret” meeting with Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit, saying it has prompted “astonishment” in Moscow and displays a “lack of understanding” while confirming the two did chat informally over dinner. "The use of such notion as "undisclosed" or "secret" meeting causes absolute astonishment and lack of understanding" Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told Russian state TV, Channel One.
Peskov said there was only one meeting between the two leaders on the sidelines of the summit and it was officially announced; and that Putin and Trump “repeatedly exchanged their opinions during the [summit].”
When asked about the nature of the G20 dinner chat, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters: "There was no secret second meeting. The two men had chatted informally over dinner", said Peskov, and had discussed adoption. Putin's spokesperson also said “there were no undisclosed or secret meeting” adding that such claims are “absurd.” Peskov also said that the existence of such reports in the MSM demonstrates the “unhealthy attitude” of the US establishment towards Russia.
“Presenting something like this as a meeting that could be kept secret from anybody is a manifestation of… schizophrenia,” they said.
Their words were echoed by the Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov, who said any meeting between any US and Russian official is immediately presented in the US media as something “criminal.” "It appears that the very fact of a contact [of any US official] with the Russian officials turns into a sort of criminal [act],” Ryabkov told Channel One's Sixty Minutes program.
"Every leader has the right to communicate with whoever they or they want in a way they or they see fit.” Ryabkov added that “there are dozens of various contacts [between the world leaders] that are not being recorded.”
The Russian also suggested that the whole story about the alleged ‘secret' meeting is nothing but an attempt to tarnish the reputation of the US president.
“Those, who raise an issue in such a way, are working on undermining the authority of President Trump and creating additional difficulties for him,” Ryabkov said.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump also lashed out at what they called “sick” media reports about their alleged “secret” meeting with Putin at a state dinner during the G20 summit in Germany. “The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!” they said in one of their Tweets.
As a reminder, the first report about the alleged "secret meeting" was provided by Eurasia's Ian Bremmer, who has been openly critical of Trump on Twitter over the past year. In a newsletter to group clients, Bremmer reportedly said the meeting began "halfway" into the dinner and lasted "roughly an hour." While it is unclear which "anonymous" world leader source they relied on, Bremmer said there was no one else within earshot at the time, meaning that the conversation must have been private. Predictably, Bremmer's report prompted media speculation on the content of the ‘private' Trump-Putin dinner chat.
Ovenright, Trump told the New York Times that the informal conversation they had with Putin was mostly about "pleasantries."
After fire commissioners heard from a bunch of upset people, a Christmas message in front of the Oakville Fire Department's station that read "Unto Us a Savior is Born/Merry Christmas" was restored and the Christmas tree was turned back on.
The station is part of Grays Harbor Fire District #1 and residents packed the commissioners meeting Monday night to object to a decision they had made to have the sign removed from the property and the tree turned off, according to news radio station KXRO.
According to the radio station, the commissioners had received a complaint about the religious message on the town-owned property and asked the message be removed and the tree unplugged fearing legal backlash.
Firefighters posted their plight on social media over the weekend and had received support from around the world, and strong local support.
Watch Video
Overnight, the department's Facebook web page documented the commissioners' reversal with a message that simply stated: "AMAZING is all I can say. The sign is up and the tree is on!!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS"
Reports indicate that the sign belongs to the firefighters, but the land upon which it is erected belongs to the town. Firefighters said no public funds were used on the sign, but the commissioners were concerned about the fact the land upon which it stood belonged to taxpayers.
After receiving comments from more than 20 people from the more than 100 who attended the meeting, the commissioners voted to have the message return and the tree illuminated, according to the radio station.
Immediately after the meeting, firefighters and residents went to the front of the station and watched as the letters were placed back on the sign.
AMAZING is all I can say. The sign is up and the tree is on!!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS
We brought you a peek already (here, here & here) and now the full details from Flying Dog:
Flying Dog Brewmaster Matt Brophy is a total hothead. They have always been fascinated by the distinct type of heat – from smoky sweetness to four-alarm fire – individual peppers that impart on food. Exploring that same dynamic alongside complementary flavors of oak, lime, peach, orange and coriander was a natural progression.
Introducing the brand-new Heat Series. 2016 will feature:
Oaked Chipotle Ale (February 15): The smoky spice of whole chipotle peppers meets toasted oak with hints of chicory and roasted malt.
(February 15): The smoky spice of whole chipotle peppers meets toasted oak with hints of chicory and roasted malt. Ancho Lime Paradise Lager (May 15): Mild earthy spice invigorates a crisp, clean lager that finishes with a refreshing splash of lime.
(May 15): Mild earthy spice invigorates a crisp, clean lager that finishes with a refreshing splash of lime. Carolina Reaper Peach IPA (August 15): This recently-deemed “hottest pepper in the world” has a very slight sweetness that is met by fresh peach and bold juicy fruit hops.
(August 15): This recently-deemed “hottest pepper in the world” has a very slight sweetness that is met by fresh peach and bold juicy fruit hops. Jalapeño White Ale (November 15): The fresh heat of the Jalapeño enhances the traditional Belgian wit elements of orange and coriander.
And on the heels of the Heat Series is Fever Dream Mango Habanero IPA, which will be a new year-round beer beginning March 1.
The evolution of Fever Dream is a progression that is quintessentially Flying Dog. The combination of sweet mango and bold habanero pepper has always been a favorite of brewers to add to casks of Raging Bitch Belgian-Style IPA. That inspired one brewer in particular to pitch a Mango Habanero IPA for the Brewhouse Rarities series. The concept immediately resonated with Brophy, and Brewhouse Rarities Mango Habanero IPA was released (for a limited time) in February 2014.
Fast-forward over two years and some of the craftiest beer bars in the country are still clamoring for that Mango Habanero IPA. Their prayers have been answered with Fever Dream.
About Bil Cord Founder, owner, author, graphic designer, CEO, CFO, webmaster, president, mechanic and janitor for mybeerbuzz.com. Producer and Co-host of the WILK Friday BeerBuzz live weekly craft beer radio show. Small craft-brewer of the craft beer news sites and one-man-band with way too many instruments to play.
Despite 'unlikes' over Facebook, Morgan Stanley still has friends in high places
The disappointing debut of Facebook's IPO and Morgan Stanley's seemingly unequal treatment of its customers in providing inside last-minute cautions about the social network giant has investors and regulators upset, and lawyers readying for business. But when the nation's lawmakers start making the inevitable inquiries (key House and Senate committees already are making noises) about the deal and its chief underwriter, Morgan Stanley will not be defenseless. The financial services giant has plenty of political capital from campaign contributions and a veteran lobbying team.
Morgan Stanley has heavily invested in lobbyists. In the last three quarters of 2011, Morgan Stanley spent more than $2 million lobbying, according to Sunlight's Influence Explorer. Since 1989, Morgan Stanley's lobbying tab has reached north of $24 million.
The firm's lobbying team includes well-connected veterans. For example, in-house lobbyist Joshua Wilsusen, was counsel to the House Financial Services Committee, one of the panels that may review the Facebook IPO, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Morgan Stanley also hires Capitol Tax Partners, a lobbying firm that employers former staffers of the Ways and Means Committee and the Treasury Department, and SNR Denton, whose team includes several lobbyists who worked for the Senate Budget Committee and House Finance Committee members.
Also in the Morgan Stanley lobbying stable: Kate Moss Co. -- no relation to the supermodel -- which has focused on Dodd-Frank Implementation. Owner Kate Moss has served the CIA and the Nixon White House, according to CRP.
Morgan Stanley's PAC and employees have also been generous givers to politicians of both sides of the aisle, providing more than $15 million since 1989. President Obama ranks second among beneficiaries of Morgan Stanley's largesse (behind their predecessor, former president George W. Bush). Mitt Romney ranks fourth. But when it comes to the more than $1 million Morgan Stanley and its employees have given in this campaign cycle, IE shows that Romney is the runaway favorite, with nearly $300,000 in donations, compared to $63,300 for Obama.
Photo source: Jenix89 [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons
'Master/slave' named most politically incorrect term
The computer term "master/slave," which was banned as racially offensive by a Los Angeles County purchasing department, was named the most politically incorrect term of the year.
Among other terms on the top 10 list of politically charged words and phrases, issued by the word usage group Global Language Monitor, were "non-same sex marriage" to describe heterosexual unions, "waitron" for waiter or waiter and "higher being" for God, a term some people found too religious.
"We found 'master/slave' to be the most egregious example of political correctness in 2004," said Paul JJ Payack, president of The Global Language Monitor.
"This is but one more example of the insertion of politics into every facet of modern life, down to the level of the control processes of computer technology."
In computer terminology, "master/slave" refers to primary and secondary hard disk drives. But a Los Angeles County purchasing department told vendors in late 2003 that the term was offensive and violated the region's cultural diversity. The county's department of affirmative action undertook a hunt to replace it on packages.
After a public uproar, the county backed down. Payack said that while the incident took place in late 2003, debate about it grew enormously in 2004.
The phrase "non-same sex marriage," was used by a former member of congress who did not want to offend gay people by using the term traditional marriage, Payack said.
Also on the list this year were "Red Sox lover," to use in place of "Yankee hater," "progressive" for classical liberal, "incurious" rather than more impolite invectives for President Bush, "insurgents" instead of terrorists in Iraq, "baristas" for waiters, and "first year student" rather than first-year student.
SAN FRANCISCO — Immigrants facing deportation proceedings have no right to a lawyer if they can't afford one. But Bay Area governments are leading a movement — which could take hold throughout California — to ensure there's an attorney by their side anyway.
Facing President Trump's pledge to crackdown on illegal immigration, officials in San Francisco, Alameda and Santa Clara counties are swiftly loosening the purse strings on taxpayer funds to send public defense lawyers to U.S. immigration courts. Critics call the trend a flagrant misuse of local tax dollars, but immigrant advocates say it's a way to make these courts more just.
“It's past time that we provide representation for these people,” said Jeff Adachi, San Francisco's public defender. Starting June 1, their office is dedicating three attorneys to deportation cases, thanks to $200,000 “It's past time that we provide representation for these people,” said Jeff Adachi, San Francisco's public defender. Starting June 1, their office is dedicating three attorneys to deportation cases, thanks to $200,000 allocated by city supervisors
“You're locked up in a prison or jail facility, often far, far away from your family, you don't speak the language, and you don't have any resources — you need help,” they said.
A lawyer can mean the difference between getting to stay in the U.S. or taking a seat on the next deportation bus. Just 11 percent of people without legal representation prevailed in deportation cases, compared with 33 percent of those who had a lawyer, a 2014 study by Stanford University researchers found. Nationwide, about 40 percent of immigrants facing deportation had no lawyer in 2016, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement data .
California and Bay Area officials are working to change that. Like San Francisco, the Alameda County Public Defender's Office is hiring three new immigration attorneys with Like San Francisco, the Alameda County Public Defender's Office is hiring three new immigration attorneys with funding from Alameda County, the city of Oakland and The San Francisco Foundation . Their first new attorney started this week.
In the state Legislature, a bill that would provide an additional $12 million for immigrant legal defense statewide has passed the Senate and is moving forward in the Assembly, where it could be passed through a standalone bill or be incorporated into the state budget before the June 15 budget deadline. California would be the second state, for immigrant legal defense statewide has passed the Senate and is moving forward in the Assembly, where it could be passed through a standalone bill or be incorporated into the state budget before the June 15 budget deadline. California would be the second state, after New York , to fund legal defense for immigrants.
The funding — which activists have been fighting for for years — wouldn't have materialized so quickly without Trump's victory, advocates say.
“A lot of cities and counties see this as a time when they want to make a pro-immigrant statement,” said Oren Root, a researcher with the Vera Institute of Justice, a nonprofit that advocates criminal justice reform.
Critics, meanwhile, say that providing lawyers in immigration court is a waste of government funds. “I don't believe there is an appetite among the citizens in California to use their taxpayer dollars to defend undocumented immigrants who may have committed crimes,” said Sue Caro, the Bay Area regional vice president of the California Republican Party.
Most Californians facing deportation have their cases heard in the San Francisco immigration court — even though many are held at detention centers hundreds of miles away.
On a recent Thursday, immigrants in orange or blue jumpsuits appeared on a TV screen in the windowless courtroom, starting blearily into the camera. Interpreters explained the legal proceedings as the judge moved through the cases. The defense tables were empty.
San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi, who will start representing defendants in immigration court next month. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, file)
When the detainees don't have lawyers, “you might as well have a sign on that screen that says ‘deer in the headlights' because the person has no idea what's going on,” Adachi said.
Some people just give up. “They say, ‘I don't have any money for a lawyer so I want to be deported as soon as possible,'” said Valerie Zukin, the legal director of the Northern California Coalition for Immigration Justice.
The new legal defense funding won't just go to undocumented immigrants swept up by Trump administration's ICE raids. One of the first people to benefit from the new Bay Area funding for immigrant defense is A aron Gbotoe, 36, whose case shows the complications of deciding who gets funding.
Gbotoe grew up in Liberia during a vicious civil war. When they were 9, they said, a rebel group attacked their village and a fighter ordered them to rape their own mother. Their uncle intervened and was killed in front of him, Gbotoe said. They and their family were accepted as refugees by the U.S. and moved to Oakland when they were 21.
While refugees are entitled to residency and eventually U.S. citizenship, Gbotoe failed to fill out necessary paperwork, and faced deportation in 2009 after being convicted of robbery. Their family couldn't afford an immigration lawyer, so they tried to represent himself. It didn't go well: “When I went in front of the judge, I lost everything clear out of my mind,” Gbotoe said in an interview. “I didn't know what to say or how to talk to him.”
The judge ordered them deported, but they were allowed to stay in the U.S. because Liberia was racked by Ebola. Now he's back in immigration custody after another scrape with the law.
This time, they have a lawyer: Jehan Laner, who works with the nonprofit Pangea Legal Services and whose position was funded by a recent grant from the San Francisco government . If they had had a lawyer in 2009, they probably would have won asylum then, Laner said.
Gbotoe's case illustrates one of the biggest questions about the new funding for defense: who should be eligible. The state bill, SB6, authored by Sen. Ben Hueso, D-San Diego, would only pay the legal bills of undocumented immigrants who don't have serious or violent criminal records, which would exclude Gbotoe. The local Bay Area funds aren't limited by that qualification.
Caro argued that people like Gbotoe shouldn't be eligible for taxpayer dollars. “We need to differentiate between violent and nonviolent immigrants,” they said. “Everybody's sympathetic toward the Dreamers,” they said, referring to immigrants brought to the country illegally when they were children. “But if there's criminal activity, that's way out of bounds.”
But advocates say excluding some immigrants undermines the principle that everyone deserves real legal representation. Zukin said that some of their clients with violent records are actually the most eligible for asylum because of the trauma they suffered in their home country. “This is about giving everyone due process,” they said.
For Gbotoe, having a lawyer has made a huge emotional difference. Just knowing that Laner is standing up for them is a comfort, they said: “I was blessed to meet them I feel like I'm not alone no more.”
But ever since the archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev. Rowan Williams, called in February for aspects of Islamic Shariah to be embraced alongside the traditional legal system, the government has been grappling with a public furor over the issue, assuaging critics while trying to reassure a wary and at times disaffected Muslim population that its traditions have a place in British society.
Boxed between the two, the government has taken a stance both cautious and confusing, a sign of how volatile almost any discussion of the role of Britain's nearly two million Muslims can become.
“There is nothing whatever in English law that prevents people abiding by Shariah principles if they wish to, provided they do not come into conflict with English law,” the justice minister, Jack Straw, said last month. But they added that British law would “always remain supreme,” and that “regardless of religious belief, we are all equal before the law.”
Conservatives and liberals alike — many of them unaware that the Islamic courts had been functioning at all, much less for years — have repeatedly denounced the courts as poor substitutes for British jurisprudence.
They argue that the Islamic tribunals' proceedings are secretive, with no accountability and no standards for judges' training or decisions.
Critics also point to cases of domestic violence in which Islamic scholars have tried to keep marriages together by ordering husbands to take classes in anger management, leaving the wives so intimidated that they have withdrawn their complaints from the police.
“They're hostages to fortune,” said Parvin Ali, founding director of the Fatima Women's Network, a women's help group based in Leicester. Speaking of the courts, they said, “There is no outside monitoring, no protection, no records kept, no guarantee that justice will prevail.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But as the uproar continues, the popularity of the courts among Muslims has blossomed.
Some of the informal councils, as the courts are known, have been giving advice and handing down judgments to Muslims for more than two decades.
Yet the councils have expanded significantly in number and prominence in recent years, with some Islamic scholars reporting a 50 percent increase in cases since 2005.
Photo
Almost all of the cases involve women asking for divorce, and through word of mouth and an ambitious use of the Internet, courts like the small, unadorned building in London where the father stepped in to plead their daughter's case have become magnets for Muslim women seeking to escape loveless marriages — not only from Britain but sometimes also from Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands and Germany.
Other cases involve disputes over property, labor, inheritances and physical injury. The tribunals stay away from criminal cases that might call for the imposition of punishments like lashing or stoning.
Indeed, most of the courts' judgments have no standing under British civil law. But for the parties who come before them, the courts offer something more important: the imprimatur of God.
“We do not want to give the impression that Muslims are an isolated community seeking a separate legal system in this country,” said Shahid Raza, who adjudicates disputes from an Islamic center in the West London suburb of Ealing.
“We are not asking for criminal Shariah law — chopping of hands or stoning to death,” they continued. “Ninety-nine percent of our cases are divorce cases in which women are seeking relief. We are helping women. We are doing a service.”
Still, there is ample room for clashes with British custom. Three months ago, for example, a wealthy Bangladeshi family asked Dr. Raza's council to resolve an inheritance dispute. It was resolved according to Shariah, they said. That meant the male heirs received twice as much as the female heirs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Courts in the United States have endorsed Islamic and other religious tribunals, as in 2003, when a Texas appeals court referred a divorce case to a local council called the Texas Islamic Court.
But Shariah has been rejected in the West as well.
The Canadian province of Ontario had allowed rabbinical courts and Christian courts to resolve some civil and family disputes with binding rulings under a 1991 law. But when the Islamic Institute on Civil Justice there tried to create a Shariah court, it was attacked as a violation of the rights of Muslim women.
As a result, Ontario changed the entire system in 2006 to strip the rulings of any religious arbitration of legal validity or enforceability.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Britain, beth din courts do not decide whether a Jewish couple's marriage should end. They simply put their stamp of approval on the dissolution of the marriage when both parties agree to it. The beth din also adheres to the rules of Britain's 1996 Arbitration Act and can function as an official court of arbitration in the consensual resolution of other civil disputes, like inheritance or business conflicts.
“People often come to us for reasons of speed, cost and secrecy,” said David Frei, registrar of the London Beth Din. “There's nothing to prevent Muslims from doing the same thing.”
In Britain's Islamic councils, however, if a wife wants a divorce and the husband does not, the Shariah court can grant their unilateral request to dissolve the marriage.
Most Shariah councils do not recognize the Arbitration Act, although Mr. Straw has been pushing them in recent months to do so. The main reason for their opposition is that they do not want the state involved in what they consider to be matters of religion.
The conflict over British Shariah courts comes at a time when Islamic principles are being extended to other areas of daily life in Britain.
There are now five wholly Islamic banks in the country and a score more that comply with Shariah.
An insurance company last summer began British advertising for “car insurance that's right for your faith” because it does not violate certain Islamic prohibitions, like the one against gambling.
Photo
Britain's first Shariah-compliant prepaid MasterCard was begun in August.
Here in London, Suhaib Hasan's “courtroom” is a sparsely furnished office of the Islamic Shariah Council in Leyton, a working-class neighborhood in the eastern corner of the city. It has no lawyers or court stenographer, no recording device or computer, so Dr. Hasan takes partial notes in longhand.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Please, will you give them another chance?” they asked the woman in black who was seeking divorce — that is, before they brought in the weighty voice of their father.
“No, no!” the woman, a 24-year-old employment consultant who had come seeking justice from 200 miles away, replied. “I gave them too many chances.  They are an evil, evil man.”
“I'll give you one month's time to try to reconcile,” Dr. Hasan ruled.
Then their father tipped the scales.
“He was not a cucumber that we could cut open to know that they were rotten inside,” the father testified. “The only solution is divorce.”
Apparently convinced, Dr. Hasan said they would recommend divorce at the London Central Mosque, where they and several other religious scholars meet once a month to give final approval to cases like this.
Dr. Hasan, a silver-bearded, Saudi-educated scholar of Pakistani origin, handles the Pakistani community; an Egyptian minister to the ethnic Arab community, while a Bangladeshi and a Somali work with their own communities.
The council in Leyton is one of the oldest and largest courts in the country. It has been quietly resolving disputes since 1982 and has dealt with more than 7,000 divorce cases.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Under some interpretations of Islamic law, a woman needs the blessing of a scholar of Islamic jurisprudence to be divorced, while a man can simply say three times that they are divorcing their wife.
Dr. Hasan counsels women that they must have their civil marriages dissolved in the British civil system.
“We always try to keep the marriages together, especially when there are children,” said Dr. Hasan's wife, Shakila Qurashi, who works as an unofficial counselor for women.
If the husband beats her, they should go to the police and have a divorce, Ms. Qurashi said. “But if he's slapped them only once or something like that,” they said, “and they admit they have made a mistake and promised not to do it again, then we say, ‘You have to forgive.' ”
One recent afternoon, the waiting room was full of women and their family members.
A Pakistan-born 33-year-old mother of five explained that their husband would beat them and their children. “He threatens to kill us,” they said, as their daughter translated from Urdu. “He calls me a Jew and an infidel.” Dr. Hasan told them to immediately get police protection and request an Islamic divorce.
Another woman, 25, wanted out of a two-year-old arranged marriage with a man who refused to consummate the relationship. Dr. Hasan counseled dialogue.
“Until we see the husband,” they said, “we can't be sure that what you're saying is true.”
What We Learned From Sponsoring an Open-Source Developer for a Year
Andrei Soroker Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 28, 2015
Kato.im, our first product, runs on the BEAM virtual machine, also known as the Erlang runtime. We use a few dozen Erlang libraries for things ranging from manipulating JSON to pooling database connections.
The most important of these libraries is an HTTP server called Cowboy. Without Cowboy, Kato.im would not exist. Erlang and Cowboy make it possible for Kato.im to run with no downtime for many months (last outage was in July 2014, according to Pingdom). [Update: we forgot to renew our APNS certificate, and as a result got hit with an outage on 4/14. Not Erlang's fault; in fact it tried its best to keep things running.]
Over the past couple of years, Cowboy has become the de facto standard HTTP server for Erlang applications — it's being used by many companies in very serious and well-known services and applications.
Cowboy is the brainchild of one man — Loïc Hoguin, a software developer from France. Loïc has a façade of sorts for their work — ninenines.eu, which some people mistake for a typical company with departments and a board of directors. In reality, it's just Loïc.
In January of 2014 we saw an “article” coyly tucked away on ninenines.eu asking the world for some minimally-viable sponsorship so Loïc can keep working on open-source projects, as oppose to consulting on closed-source ones.
After reading the article, our thinking was simple: we're a VC-funded startup, working on a commercial product where a key library is being developed and maintained by this guy. We need them to not only keep developing and maintaining this library, but to keep optimizing it and implementing new features (say, server-side compression for websockets), ideally with our priorities in mind.
We reached out and made an agreement to support them with $500/month for a year. The mechanics of doing this ended up being quite complex — we had to set up an international wire transfer (triggered manually), and Loïc had to register some sort of legal entity in order to “invoice” us (required by our accounting).
$500/month isn't exactly a fortune, but we figured other companies would join in, and together we'll assemble a sum that resembles a salary. I don't know the financial details, but you can see two more firms on ninenines.eu listed as sponsors.
As a result of our sponsorship we've gotten priority support for Cowboy bug fixes and influenced the implementation of a handful of features that directly benefited Kato.im and its users.
That said, the main benefit for us is clearly in supporting an amazing product and in providing a meaningful contribution to the growing Erlang and Elixir ecosystems.
On a less optimistic note, we were quite surprised by how reluctant other companies — big, famous, rich companies that also use Cowboy commercially — are to back its development financially. We definitely encourage the engineers that use open-source products built and maintained by sole full-time open-source contributors to lobby company leadership to consider a small sponsorship package (just don't hire them!).
By the time our yearly agreement with Loïc was nearing its end, we were working on a new product — Sameroom.io. Sameroom is a real-time messaging broker that connects rooms and #channels across chat services (HipChat, Slack, Campfire, Flowdock, Kato, Gitter, Skype, IRC, email — try it). To get it to work properly, we needed a full-fledged HTTP client library with support for websockets. And it so happens that in addition to Cowboy, Loïc also built Gun — an Erlang HTTP client library.
The Gun library was in a weird state: the development appeared frozen in pre-v 1.0 state, but the other top-of-the-shelf HTTP client library — lhttpc by Erlang Solutions — was explicitly discontinued, its README pointing to Shotgun, a wrapper around the unfinished Gun.
So, we offered Loïc another year of sponsorship, this time for Gun (and Cowboy, and the Cowboy book he's working on), for $1000/month instead of $500.
Gun was updated with websockets support and other improvements a few weeks later.
3D printed video game guns are a big thing among video game players and cosplayers. Playing soldiers has never been more fun than now. Especially, when there's so much inspiration to take from popular video game worlds.
Either used a costume prop or just as a piece of one's collection, these 3D printed guns from video games are totally worth the time and effort invested in creating them.
As you probably already know, creating a video game item for 3D printing is not as easy as it seems. Therefore, these cool creations and replicas have made our list of 10 most impressive 3D printed video game guns.
Here they are!
1. 3d printed Arcus rifle
Acrus rifle is a cannon featured in the Destiny video game. The print is an order for Fabbdea 3D printing from Jay, a Destiny's fan.
As a 3D printing enthusiast himself, Adam of Fabbdea has quickly agreed to honor this special order and set to work on the cannon design. The work was done easier thanks to the available preliminary STL generator at Destiny website. There was still work to be done, to make the piece 3D printable.
The Arcus Rifle for 3D printing counted around 40 parts which were printed in PLA material at 0.2mm layer height. After having been printed, all the parts had been sanded carefully, preparing the 3D model for painting.
The Arcus Rifle 3D model for printing was painted with 3 coats of primer, 3 coats of paint, and 2 coats of lacquer. Then the model was assembled. Adam designed a removal magazine for the rifle, at Jay's request. Speaker and LED lights were also added to the weapon.
2. 3D printed Thunderlord gun from Destiny video game
This is another Destiny video game weapon that has been reproduced with 3D printing. The Thunderlord 3D printed video game weapon is a 4+ feet long gun, printed in 3 different materials: PLA, Ninjaflex, and PLA/carbon fiber composite.
For the entire print, the designer used 2.5 kg of filament and about 196 hours of printer work.
The design for Thuderlord weapon 3D model is available for free download at MyMiniFactory.
Recommended for you: Top 10 MechWarrior 3D Printed Figurines
3. 3D printed Gjallahorn weapon from Destiny video game
Yet, another Destiny video game gun that deserves to be featured in our top 10 3D printed video game guns. The weapon, known as the Gjallahorn is one of the classiest weapons in the game. The color palette of the gun, with black, gold and white, make it a royal weapon.
The 3D printed recreation is truly magnificent.
4. Spike Rifle for 3D printing from Halo
The Spike Rifle is a full-automatic weapon. It has a small drum with a 40-round capacity that feeds the weapon, located underside the weapon, in front of the trigger.
Its replica is made ready for 3D printing and made available for free download at MyMiniFactory.
The 3D printing files of Spike Rifle are recommended to be printed at 0.2mm layer height and 8% infill. Even though its entire printing takes a lot of time, the effort is paid off by an incredibly detailed 3D model.
Recommended for you: Top 10 Warhammer 40K 3D Printing Files
5. Destiny 3D printed video game GUNS – Thorn
Being one of the most popular video game out there, Destiny has provided inspiration for the creation of numerous props for cosplayers, and not only, around the world. This time, it is about the Thorn gun that has been recreated for 3D printing by a man, called Brian Johnson. Although the props created by them are not actually 3D printed, they use 3D printed molds to cast the resin product.
They created the Thorn Hand Cannon with the help from those at Vrogy Props, who modeled the gun, and Impact Props, who printed the mold.
The weapon is hand painted, capturing the video game weapon's colors and details.
6. 3D printed handheld railgun
Another incredible result of 3D printing and engineering is this operational handheld railgun, which is capable of shooting aluminum or graphite projectiles at 560mph. The railgun is provided with an electric circuit that, when functioning can deliver a speed of the projectile that is pretty impressive. Although, the handheld railgun cannot do any harm, the fact that it can shoot at this speed is already a great achievement for its creator.
Watch below the handheld railgun being tested:
Recommended for you: Top 12 Tank 3D Model Designs
7. 3D printed video game guns for cosplay
As cosplay is the main activity that 3D printed video game guns are used in, it is not hard to guess that most players will turn to 3D printing when wanting to recreate a famous video game gun or even an entire costume.
This woman, Angela Simpson, has made the creation of cosplay items both its hobby and a source of income.  They are being commissioned by people around the globe for their unique and customized items they model and prints on their own UP Plus 2 3D printer.
Here is one of their 3D printed guns.
8. Fallout 4 3D printed PISTOL
Fallout 4 is another very popular video game and inspiration for cosplayers. There are various items from this game created for 3D printing, from the hugely loved Pip-Boy to the power armor helmets and even power armor suits.
The 10mm pistol must be printed at 0.2mm layer height with 15% infill.
The files for the 3D printed pistol can be found at MyMiniFactory.
Recommended for you: Top 10 World of Warcraft 3D Models
9. 3D PRINTED VIDEO GAME GUNS – Bad Juju rifle
Bad Juju rifle is a spectacular design gun that couldn't be overlooked by cosplayers and 3D printing enthusiasts. Its in-game design, with the skull that emits stream of smoke from its eyes, makes it a special project for any true cosplayer.
So, it wasn't long until the files for the rifle were uploaded on MyMiniFactory.
But it wasn't until a cosplay amateur printed and painted the model. They used lacquer spray paints, acrylic dry brushing and airbrushing techniques to paint the rifle. Also, as a final touch, the amateur handcrafted leather parts.
10. Alien Blaster from Fallout video game
This close-range blaster is recreated for 3D printing in several separate parts. It has a compartment for a built-in speaker and a red laser.
The 3D printing weapon files can be downloaded here.
Conclusion
Whether you're a cosplayer or a video game player who is crazy about the guns in the game, these 10 3D printed video game guns are to dream of.
(Visited 4,263 times, 1 visits today)
The headlines are ablaze with news of the war – no, not that war, or that war, or even this war – I'm talking about the “cyberwar” being waged against the enemies of WikiLeaks, not only the American and Swedish governments, but also the corporate collaborators who have done their best to drive WikiLeaks into the ground.
A group of computer-savvy warriors for truth and justice, who call themselves “Anonymous,” have brought down the internet operations of MasterCard, Visa, and FinancePost (the Swiss that abruptly terminated WikiLeaks' account), as well the site of the Swedish prosecutors' office and that of the odious “feminist” lawyer, Claes Borgstrom, who is fronting for the CIA's sex-smear-frame-up of Julian Assange.
This cyberwar, which was started by the US, has two sides going at it, but you'd never know that from reading the “news” accounts in the legacy media. Take this typical story from USA Today, headlined “Pro-WikiLeaks cyberattacks show growing threat,” which avers:
“The attacks Wednesday were part of a recent series by supporters and enemies of WikiLeaks, said Gunter Ollmann of Internet security firm Damballa. ‘It's like a Wild West shootout … and we've had these different organizations being caught in the crossfire,' they said.
“Last week, WikiLeaks servers were knocked offline by people angry over its release of diplomatic and military information that critics said could embarrass the government and even risk lives, they said.”
Who are these “people” who are “angry” at WikiLeaks – random “patriots”? Sean Hannity? Sarah Palin? Joe Lieberman? Of course not: it's these guys, i.e. employees of the US government whose online aggression is illegal and unethical.
WikiLeaks, you'll recall, was brought down by a series of powerful denial-of-service (DOS) attacks undoubtedly launched by US government thugs. WikiLeaks supporters are now firing back, and for daring to defend themselves are deemed a “growing threat” by such arbiters of online etiquette and Just War Theory as the editors of USA Today. A similar case of self-imposed blindness permeates the “reporting” of the Washington Post, which described the attacks on MasterCard, Visa, et al, as follows:
“The online attacks are part of a wave of support for WikiLeaks that is sweeping the Internet. Twitter was choked with messages of solidarity for the group, while the site's Facebook page hit 1 million fans.
“Late Wednesday, Operation Payback itself appeared to run into problems, as many of its sites went down. It was unclear who was behind the counterattack.”
It's “unclear” only to those whose vision is blurred by State-worship. For the rest of us, it's all too clear who was and is responsible for the online thuggery directed at WikiLeaks and its supporters. The same people who believe they have a God-given “right” to carpet-bomb civilians and murder foreigners “terrorists” en masse are now launching virtual attacks on web sites whose owners have violated no known laws and are publishing exactly the same materials being printed by the New York Times, the Guardian, and Der Spiegel. The online version of the TSA hasn't taken down the web sites of the legacy media, at least not yet, but make no mistake – they're next.
Naturally, our online spooks have a cover story, albeit not a very convincing one, dutifully trotted out by the Los Angeles Times:
“A group called Anonymous temporarily disables the websites of Visa and MasterCard after they said they would no longer handle donations to WikiLeaks. A rival ‘patriotic' hacker, the Jester, fights back.
“… Meanwhile the Jester has claimed responsibility for taking down WikiLeaks' website several times since it posted its first batch of confidential State Department cables on Nov. 29. The Jester, who describes themselves as a patriotic hacker with a military background, claims other like-minded hackers have approached them to help.”
We're supposed to believe that a single private individual, who claims to be “ex-military,” and who tweets “TANGO DOWN!” every time they hit their target, is responsible for bringing down WikiLeaks. Those who fall for this story are like those children who really believe you can't see them if they hide their face behind their fingers. Well, peek-a-boo, Mr. Government Employee – I see you! And so does anybody else with an ounce of sense.
Like all government employees, however, these Pentagon hackers are engaged in “work” that is neither productive nor useful even to themselves and their masters, because WikiLeaks is stronger now than it has ever been if strength on the internet is measured in terms of accessibility. In response to what is clearly a government-mandated campaign to destroy them, their supporters have harnessed the technology to evade and indeed make a complete mockery of the enemy. As this rather technical but fascinating piece concludes:
“If suppressed content automatically goes viral, the Internet's construction basically guarantees that that content will have a home for the rest of time. If you attack DNS support, people will tweet raw IP addresses. If you take down the BGP routes to web content, people will put up more mirrors, or switch to overlay networks to distribute the data. You can't burn down the Library of Alexandria any more— it will respawn in someone's basement in Stockholm, or Denver, or Beijing.”
Which is precisely why the US government fears and loathes not only WikiLeaks, but the Internet itself, and is now making an effort – futile, as explained above – to control it. It's a realm entirely beyond Washington's power to regulate and suppress – and we can't have that! This is why they're trying to make an example of WikiLeaks, and Assange, and that's why they will ultimately fail. Furthermore, their efforts to do so will boomerang and cause their ultimate downfall, as Assange explains in their brilliant essay, "State and Terrorist Conspiracies." [.pdf]
Assange likens authoritarian and neocorporatist regimes to conspiracies, with various branches that communicate with each other and yet must maintain enough secrecy to stave off growing opposition to their schemes. To threaten this essential element of all such regimes – secrecy – is to cause the ruling elite to clamp down and restrict information flow even within its own apparatus, lest a dreaded “leak” seeps out. And that course is fatal, as Assange explains:
“Literacy and the communications revolution have empowered conspirators with new means to conspire, increasing the speed [and] accuracy of the their interactions and thereby the maximum size a conspiracy may achieve before it breaks down. Conspirators who have this technology are able to out conspire conspirators without it. For the same costs they are able to achieve a higher total conspiratorial power. That is why they adopt it. For example, remembering Lord Halifax's words, let us consider two closely balanced and broadly conspiratorial power groupings, the US Democratic and Republican parties. Consider what would happen if one of these parties gave up their mobile phones, fax and email correspondence — let alone the computer systems which manage their subscribes, donors, budgets, polling, call centers and direct mail campaigns? They would immediately fall into an organizational stupor and lose to the other.
“An authoritarian conspiracy that cannot think is powerless to preserve itself against the opponents it induces. When we look at an authoritarian conspiracy as a whole, we see a system of interacting organs, a beast with arteries and veins whose blood may be thickened and slowed until it falls, stupefied; unable to sufficiently comprehend and control the forces in its environment.”
This recalls the key insights of Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich von Hayek, the libertarian theorists of the “Austrian” school, whose critique of socialism was that imperfect knowledge dooms efforts by central authorities to regulate business and fix prices.
Our rulers, however, have other ideas. Armed with computer technology, and the hubris of scientism – which purports to wear the mantle of science – they think they can get around the inherent limitations of the human condition, and control the uncontrollable. What they didn't take into account was that such hubris induces opposition – and so the first cyberwar has begun.
It is a war the US government, with all its resources, cannot win, because the nature of the technology – the weaponry – has defeated it before even the first shot was fired. And make no mistake: that first shot was fired by Washington, not Assange – an act of aggression our puffed-up rulers will live to regret.
The more the government clamps down and tries to hide its secrets, the more vulnerable it will become – until that glorious day dawns when its blood is so thickened and slowed that “it falls, stupefied, unable to sufficiently comprehend and control the forces in its environment.”
Assange is a thinker, as well as a doer: they long ago perfected the theory of which WikiLeaks is the practice, and you would do well to investigate what they have to say in their seminal 2006 essay [.pdf]. I can't resist quoting the wonderful introduction, which puts the WikiLeaks fight in perspective:
“To radically shift regime behavior we must think clearly and boldly for if we have learned anything, it is that regimes do not want to be changed. We must think beyond those who have gone before us, and discover technological changes that embolden us with ways to act in which our forebears could not.
“Firstly we must understand what aspect of government or neocorporatist behavior we wish to change or remove. Secondly we must develop a way of thinking about this behavior that is strong enough carry us through the mire of politically distorted language, and into a position of clarity. Finally must use these insights to inspire within us and others a course of ennobling, and effective action.”
Words to inspire, as well as inform.
One last thing: these “hactivists” have been denounced as “nihilists,” and “anarchists” (as if the two terms are synonymous, which they are not), but this is just regimist propaganda designed to scare people into accepting an ever-tightening tyranny that is reacting in a way that seals its own doom. It is not “nihilism” to oppose our rulers and their “new world order” of client states and perpetual war: it is patriotism of the highest order, patriotism in the service of liberty. They think they can stop the rising tide of rebellion by arresting a 16-year-old boy in the Netherlands – but can they arrest the over 40,000 people who have recently downloaded the Low Orbit Ion Cannon, the hi-tech weapon of choice that brought down MasterCard? Of course not. They rule by fear, and smear – but only if we let them.
Of course, Antiwar.com does not endorse illegal acts, nor do we urge people to engage in them. But this war, Cyberwar I, was started by the Powers That Be – and now let them fight it, even as they realize that they cannot win.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
I never quite understood the fascination with the British monarchy. They always seemed a sad piece of atavism, caught somewhere between tourist attraction and fodder for bodice-ripping novels by women named Collins.
But people seem to have very strong opinions about who is and who isn't appropriate for the role of monarch (or consort), and despite the fact that we democratically elect our leaders and live in a country where 59.3% of women age 16 or over are labor force participants, being an active professional aspiring to the First Lady spot is a good way to get yourself raked over the coals.
I can't think of a First Lady in my lifetime who had less press antagonism than Laura Bush. Despite their husband's historicaly low approval ratings, theirs remain high (84%). Them achievements as a mother and a librarian are laudatory, but they were seen by the press as "acceptable" for a woman of their position — they threatened no one.
Likewise, Cindy McCain's work as a special education teacher for Down syndrome children is impressive, as are their efforts to bring emergency medical aid to disaster struck and war torn areas. But they aren't challenging a male-dominated power structure in any meaningful way, and their press has largely been glowing. Bitter, razor-wielding columnists like Maureen Dowd have for the most part left them alone.
No such luck for Michelle Obama, about whom the right-wing smear machine is licking its chops. It evidently suits the standards of the chatterati just fine for a multimillionaire beer heiress with nine homes to assume the role of First Lady, but a self-made, Ivy League educated lawyer? Times haven't changed so much after all. It's evidently no more acceptable now than it was sixteen years ago when Hillary Clinton entered the White House.
Michelle Obama mentioned that McCain's $600 rebate plan would have insignificant economic impact and the screeching howler monkeys of the right are seizing on imagery they used to illustrate their point as proof that she's an "elitist":
“You're getting $600. What can you do with that? Not to be ungrateful or anything. But maybe it pays down a bill, but it doesn't pay down every bill every month. “Barack's approach is that the short-term quick fix kinda stuff sounds good. And it may even feel good that first month when you get that check. And then you go out and you buy a pair of earrings.”
Cue wingnut welfare queen Michelle Malkin, who has always been dependent on the kindness of GOP strangers for their daily bread:
Have you seen the price of arugula at Whole Foods earrings at Tiffany's?
This only days after Cindy McCain say that getting around Arizona in a "small private plane" was the only way to travel? I can't even imagine a situation where Michelle Obama says something like this, and the campaign wouldn't be over in a flash.
Michelle Obama's problem is not that she's an elitist in the eyes of the right — it's that they don't have the right to be a member of the elite, like Cindy McCain. Underlying the entire critique is the notion that their commoner pretentions to monarchy are laughable.
Cindy? Why, she's kinda like a modern day Lady Di.
Of course, it's all wrapped up in class- and race-based notions of who is entitled to power, and what those symbols should acceptably look like. Michelle Obama obviously doesn't fit the dress, and thus any smear is considered acceptable to handicap their ascent, no matter how flimsy and manufactured.
You have to wonder what bizarre fixations the right (and the media) are nurturing about what the presidency actually is. The past eight years has made it clear that few has any problems with limitless and unchecked executive power, so perhaps the idea of a benevolent dictator who frees them from the burden of choice sounds pretty good. Standing next to that person, of course, should be someone who is waxed and botoxed beyond human recognizability.
You almost hate to remind them that kings and queens were relegated to holding court in Madame Tussaud's for a reason.
By Elisinio Castillo
Former minimumweight and junior flyweight world champion Roman "Chocolatito" González of Nicaragua finished up their final sparring session for the upcoming fight on the 5th of September against the Japanese champion Akira Yaegashi, who holds the world flyweight title of the World Council Boxing (WBC).
After the sparring, "Chocolatito" (39-0, 33 KOs) completed 185 rounds, a figure that says a lot about the preparation and seriousness with which Roman is taking their world title bout against Yaegashi (20-3, 10 KOs). But this time, unlike other preparations, they have a special focus on becoming only the second fighter in their country to win a world title in three weight divisions.
"Roman has worked hard, he's shown in that is their workouts. You'll see them being faster, stronger. They will see a stronger 'Chocolatito' at the weigh-in. For example, against 'Gallo' Estrada Román was not 100%," says Wilmer Hernandez, trainer of Gonzalez.
"The Japanese fighter wants to know if they can take the punch of Roman. Yaegashi is well defined, looks sharp, but I do not believe they will last eight rounds."
According to Hernandez, the idea is that after weighin Román will add 12 pounds. They currently weigh around 114.5-pounds.
"He will arrive at 124-pounds. They will not lose speed or strength in their punches."
The height of a swathe of the Himalayas has dropped by around one metre as a result of the devastating Nepal earthquake, scientists say.
But they add that the drop will roughly be balanced by slow uplift due to tectonic activity.
And they have yet to analyse satellite images of the region in which the most famous Himalayan peak - Everest - is located.
However, there continues to be debate over exactly how tall Everest is.
"The primary stretch that had its height dropped is a 80-100km stretch of the Langtang Himal (to the northwest of the capital, Kathmandu)," said Richard Briggs, a research geologist with the United States Geological Survey (USGS).
The Langtang range is the region where many locals and trekkers are still missing, presumed dead, after the avalanches and landslides that were triggered by the 7.8 magnitude earthquake on 25 April.
Scientists believe the height of a handful of other Himalayan peaks, including the Ganesh Himal to the west of the Langtang range, may also have dropped.
The satellite images they have analysed so far have focused on central Nepal, which was the hardest hit by the quake. Everest is to the east of this main shaking zone.
Scientists say whether or not the world's highest peak saw a change in its height by few centimetres will have to be further confirmed by ground survey and GPS or an airborne mission.
"But what we see in the data that we evaluated further away from the plate boundary, to the north of the capital Kathmandu, is a clearly identifiable region with subsidence of up to 1.5m," says Christian Minet, a geologist with the German Aerospace Centre (DLR), which processed the Nepal earthquake data sent by the Sentinel-1a satellite.
Before and after images
Scientists with DLR's Earth Observation Centre of compared two separate images of the same region sent by the satellite, before and after the quake.
"The positive value we have received (from the satellite image) after the quake means the area (the mountains in and around the Langtang region) is further away from the satellite and it is lower now," said Mr Minet.
"But with this result we cannot say that a specific mountain is one-point-something-metres lower; it is the general area that we can assess."
They said the satellite images showed the area of the mountain range had dropped by 0.7m-1.5m.
Image copyright AP Image caption The team has not yet assessed the region in which Everest is located
The study has also found that areas including the capital, Kathmandu, to the south of the Himalayan mountains have been uplifted by the quake.
"The negative value we have received from the acquisitions of the before and after earthquake images means that some areas (Kathmandu and its surroundings) are now closer to the satellite, and that means they have seen an uplift," says Mr Minet.
Scientists say the drop and the uplift are normal geological behaviour during an earthquake of this scale.
Head-on collision
"The fault underneath Kathmandu has slipped and it's moved the overriding part of the crust to the south towards the southern end of the part that squashes the crust; and to the northern end it stretches it," says Tim Wright, professor of satellite geodesy at the University of Leeds.
"From where it is squashed, which is more or less underneath Kathmandu, we get uplift. And where it stretches, which is in the high mountains to the north of Kathmandu in this case, we get subsidence.
"The biggest amount of slip on the fault was actually just north of Kathmandu, so it's the mountains north of Kathmandu that have subsided the most in this particular case."
Normally, the Himalayas are on the rise because of the collision between the Indian and Eurasian tectonic plates.
But during major earthquakes the process gets reversed, experts say.
"Between earthquake events, Nepal is being squashed and the part (including Kathmandu) nearest the big fault underneath it is being dragged down by the Indian plate, and [areas] further back are being lifted up as you imagine squashing something is going to push things up," says Prof Wright.
"Now, during the earthquake itself what happens is the opposite. The part that was dragged down because it was stuck at the fault - that slips freely and rebounds up, and the part that was being squashed upwards drops down."
Authorities in Nepal say they are yet to assess the impacts of the earthquake on the Himalayas as they are still occupied with rescue and rehabilitation after the devastating earthquake.
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVY BASE, Cuba -- The Pentagon's chief war crimes prosecutor said Sunday that in 2011 they studied the files of the five Taliban prisoners recently traded for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl and concluded they could not be prosecuted here.
Army Brig. Gen. Mark Martins made the remark to reporters on the eve of a two-day session of the Sept. 11 pretrial hearings, which are aimed at probing whether the FBI's questioning of defense team members compromised some teams' integrity.
A reporter asked the general whether it was true that two of the long-held Afghan prisoners released by the Obama administration in the May 31 Bergdahl exchange were identified by the United Nations as war criminals.
Martins replied that in 2009 a task force of federal and military prosecutors concluded: “There was not a successful prosecution to be had of any of those five.”
The general added that when they took the job as chief prosecutor in 2011, they reviewed all detainee files, including the five Taliban who were traded, and concluded the same thing, “based on a careful searching look at everything that was available.”
Human rights organizations linked two of the released men to Taliban massacres of Shiites during the 1998 civil war around Mazar-i-Sharif in Afghanistan.
“If you have a question about some U.N. tribunal or so forth, I would recommend that you direct it to them,” the general said.
Toyota has long been the shining example of success within the global car industry, taking market share year after year from primarily the Detroit automakers. But while Toyota remains in far better shape than the Detroit automakers, they too are starting to suffering. After being for years one of the most profitable companies, in the world, they now look set to report an operating loss in the year ending March 2009 And the trend is in fact even worse than this full year number suggests, as they were profitable at the beginning of the year, the loss is even greater at the end of the year, and suggests an even bigger loss next year, unless the situation suddenly improves.There are two reasons for this reversal of fortunes. First, the car industry is one of the most cyclical and as Toyota's gain in market share has ended , meaning that its sales particularly in the U.S. is plummeting.The other reason is the extreme strength of the Japanese yen. While Toyota has moved more and more of its production outside Japan, it is still a large exporter of cars from Japan to the rest of the world. And as the yen is up some 25% against the U.S. dollar this year, and even more against most other currencies. A 1 yen gain against the U.S. dollar will reduce its profit by 40 billion yen ($450 million), meaning that the 23 yen gain against the U.S. dollar this year alone will reduce its profit (increase its losses) by roughly $10 billion. And as Toyota like others use futures and as much of the gain has come lately, we've only seen a small part of the pain for Toyota from this. And add to that the losses from the yen's even greater strength against most other currencies.Toyota is well capitalized so it will be some time before they face the threat of bankruptcy, like GM and Chrysler. But they are certainly heading for big losses in the coming year(s) unless the global slump ends and/or the yen quickly weaken significantly.
03 Draws & Contests
$5000 Cash Back Rewards Contest Winner!
For many years, the ORVDA has offered an exciting opportunity for RV show attendees to have a chance to win $5000 cash back towards the purchase price of an RV, from a participating ORVDA RV Dealer, show exhibitor.
We are excited to announce the 2018 Toronto Fall RV Show & Sale Cash Back contest winner is......
Chris Cossonnet, Kincardine, Ontario!
Chris will be enjoying their new travel trailer (purchased from Can-Am RV Centre) just in time to kick off the 2019 RV and Camping season!
Congratulations to Chris and the Team at Can-Am RV Centre!
Also a big congratulation to our other show winner!
Nicole Sanderson - $25 Gas Card for signing up to our show newsletter
Gregory Ferguson - $250 Visa Card for purchasing their show tickets on-line
Melissa Kettela, Allan Machalek, Birder Lam, Enrique Vivas, David Westwood, Violet Forbes - Facebook contest winner
In developing とあるOS, I've had a consistent focus on UI. Since early 2012, the OS has had a compositing window server, which was hacked together in roughly a week for a hackathon and presented at UIUC's Engineering Open House. Over the past two years, a number of improvements have been made to the compositor, including a rewrite of the graphics layer to use Cairo and the addition of animations. All the while, the compositor suffered from some major preformance issues, partly due to the overall design of the protocol, but mostly due to inabilities of the underlying kernel. Replacing the compositor with a new one, built from scratch with a well-designed API and a focus on performance had been an idea I had floating around in the back of my mind for quite a while, but it was not until April that I finally moved forward in implementing it.
For those unfamiliar, とあるOS looked something like this in March:
March 2014
Make note of the framerate the gears application is running at. I believe the last screenshot I have of the old compositor is most likely this one from April 1st:
April 2014
In building a new compositor, I wanted to focus on solving the more glaring issues in the old one. The first step to this was adding damage rects. Damage rects (short for rectangles) allow the compositor to track when and where clients have made changes to their windows and ensure that only the updated areas are redrawn - the old compositor would assume everything may have changed each time it needed to redraw the screen. In February, I built a prototype in SDL that ran on Linux, demonstrating a simple compositor. The prototype was titled Yutani, a reference to the Alien franchise and, through that, also a reference to Wayland (the megacorp in Alien is called Weyland-Yutani).
Prototype
The prototype couldn't do much - it didn't have any IPC, and the only thing that moved was the mouse cursor, but it did allow me to experiment with using Cairo's clipping functionality to implement damage rects. The prototype sat idle throughout March while I diverted my attention to implementing a module system in the kernel, and then worked on a release candidate for the year's April Fools' Day. It wasn't until mid-April that I picked things up again.
Not wanting to have to completely redesign my client graphics libraries, Yutani needed to operate on the same basic principles as the existing compositor: Windows were stored as shared memory regions with 32-bit RGBA colors. The clients would use a communication pipe to send requests to the server (ie., create a new window, etc.) and receive events (ie., mouse moved, keyboard key pressed, etc.). There was a critical flaw in the IPC mechanism the old compositor used to communicate events: The server was unable to wait for a message from any client (the kernel does not support select() , even to this day). The workaround employed in the old compositor was to run a thread that would loop through each of the known clients, check if they had data to read, and then process it if so. In designing Yutani, there was an obvious need to rectify the problem. This resulted in the creation of a new kernel IPC mechanism which was dubbed "pex" (short for packet exchange). Pex operates similarly to Unix sockets in that a server can create an endpoint which multiple clients can then connect to. When the server goes to read from the endpoint, it receives individual packets that include header information describing where the packet came from. The server then responds by writing a similarly-formatted packet back out to the endpoint. Meanwhile, clients read and write raw packets, without headers. Since the server only has to read from a single file to receive data from all of its clients, an implementation of select() is not needed.
Alpha
The first builds of Yutani just drew boxes, but I eventually ported a larger graphical application: the login manager.
glogin, Yutani
Next up on the ports list was the terminal.
Terminal, Yutani
Eventually, the wallpaper and panel were also ported, but Yutani still lacked window management - it wasn't even possible to change focus.
Desktop, Yutani
To support window management features quickly, code was ported from the old compositor for handling mouse events. With damage rects, window movement needed to be cleaned up:
Eventually, Yutani supported everything the old compositor supported, including window rotation:
Rotating Windows
With Yutani in a state of relative feature parity, the remaining apps were ported and the old compositor was removed from the git repository. It was now time to add more features. The most popularly requested feature was to add a window list to the panel. This required adding the ability to inform the compositor of the names of windows. An advertise-subscribe model was implemented, allowing the panel to subscribe to changes in windows, while clients would advertise their new titles. The panel would be informed not just of new window titles, but also when focus changed and when windows disappeared.
Window Titles
Expanding on this initial implementation, window icons were added to the advertisements - communicated as identifiers such as utilities-terminal which the panel would look for in /usr/share/icons/$SIZE/ . The panel design went through a few different iterations on the drawing board before being implemented.
Panel Icons
The newest feature added to Yutani is support for global key bindings. An app, such as the panel, can request to steal or intercept specific key sequences, which allows for global bindings like Ctrl+Alt+T to open a terminal. This was further extended to support having the panel manage Alt+Tab to switch windows.
(That last screenshot links to a video of Alt-Tab in action.)
There are still a lot of things that can be added to Yutani. For now, I'm going to take a break from UI improvements to work on something a bit more useful: a network stack.
Friday, ESPN “First Take” co-host Stephen A. Smith said they were “tired” of the national anthem protests and linking of arms in unity, adding they are ready to “get back to football.”
Smith reasoned that Colin Kaepernick's initial protest has been “hijacked” and the message has been “lost” because the protests are now anti-President Donald Trump, which they said just causes more “division.”
Partial transcript as follows:
The locking of the arms, the kneeling during the national anthems, I'm not going to lie to you all. I'm going to confess. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. Here is the reason why: number one, I want to get back to football. Number two and more importantly than getting back to football, I want to know what the hell we are going to really, really, really do about it.
As far as I'm concerned, the real issue at hand has been hijacked. When you talk about oppression, when you talk about prejudice, when you talk about brutality on the part of police officers, can someone tell me what specifically has been done to address those issues that Colin Kaepernick supposedly was directing our ire towards? What actually has happened?
I see NFL players coming together. To me, if they were coming together like this in the immediate aftermath of Colin Kaepernick, it would have resonated more profoundly. When Colin Kaepernick kneeled, you had a whole bunch of people had nothing to do with it, they had nothing to say, they didn't want to do anything, they wanted no part of it. The only reason they even spoke about it was because the media was in their face asking them questions about it.
There were a few individuals who made their presence felt and took a knee in support of him, but by and large, these people weren't speaking up to support him. They only spoke up when President Donald Trump spoke out against the NFL last weekend. And to me, what that says are it's not about Colin Kaepernick, it is about Trump.
This is an anti-Trump protest. OK, you're free to do all of that. But that is going to create more division. It is not going to bring about more unity because you have an abundance of people, 60 million plus, who voted for this man, even more tens of millions of people who support the conservative ideology that some people believe is attached to him.
Yesterday marked 5 months since Peter had their stroke. And what did they do? They went to the premiere of After Earth at the Ziegfeld and then to the after party. We saw our friends at Overbrook along with the rest of the floating heads for Mystery Trekkie Theater (yes, they have picked the episode and no, I won't tell you what it is but it is gonna be a lot of fun so mark your calendars now for that Sunday slot at Shoreleave that we have grown to know and love). Caroline got to talk to Jaden so they are over the moon right now.
It is amazing to me how far they have come since the stroke stopped attacking their body. We have a tentative diagnosis for what has been going on with the shoulder. They think they have frozen shoulder syndrome. There are ways to counteract it but they have another MRI scheduled to make sure this isn't any more damage.
 They are typing now along with dictating.  They are typing as long as they can before switching to dictate. They have been writing the end of X-Factor along with some other projects.
They continue both physical and occupational therapy. That is where we get our empirical evidence that they are improving slowly. They have been measuring what they could do when they got there and what they can do now and the results are encouraging.
Everyone who talked to them at Phoenix Comic Con can attest to how well they are doing. We also got to thank people in person for all their help and well wishes. Wil Wheaton told me that they boosted the signal for Peter on their Twitter feed.
There are good days and bad days. They injured their right calf muscle just about right after they had gotten their gait pretty much back to normal so they didn't need their cane of support. This has now solved itself. They bowled rather well this past Tuesday.
We are still very grateful to everyone who has helped us on this unexpected journey. Your good thoughts and support have helped us through a pretty dark time. I am seeing light at the end of this tunnel and I don't believe it is the oncoming train.
I am opening this thread to questions you care to ask. Please do understand if we can't answer it. We live in a household of NDAs and the like. This can be questions for Peter, Caroline or me.
In other household news, Ariel has their driver's license and has been driving. They graduated from college but will be going back to finish up their masters next year. Anyone knows anywhere that is looking for an early elementary school teacher to start in the Fall of 2014?
Share this: Email
Tweet
Like this: Like Loading...
At the 18:00 showing of 50 Shades of Grey at the Eldorado (Namur, Belgium), the session went wrong. Or good ?
More than 300 girls were in the room to discover the most anticipated film of the year.
Aged 16 to 32 years, young fans have quickly felt excited and started to use their vibrator in the theater.
These naughty girls then noticed that they were not alone doing good during the session.
After one hour, erotic scenes were just beginning, the whole theater gently started to undress, to cause complete orgy throughout the room, in front of the stunned eyes of the projectionist.
According to the projectionist, there were 200 times more action in the room than in the film, which contains as many sex scenes than in an episode of Dora the Explorer.
iframe>
Grown Man Punches 13-year-old During Fight At Youth Soccer Match
There's nothing like a good weekend of sitting outside, watching some soccer, and punching some children. Wait, no, scratch that part, no matter what Efrain Flores says.
The 20-year-old Flores is sitting in Ventura County Jail on suspicion of child endangerment and abuse, as well as disturbing the peace with bail set at $25,000 after they fought a child during a brawl at a youth soccer match this weekend.
Not content to just fight a kid, according to witnesses, Efrain Flores blindsided the 13-year-old, punching them in the face and breaking their nose. Other (non-insane) adults were able to stop the fighting before anyone was more seriously hurt.
Sadly, this wasn't the only violent soccer incident in Ventura over the weekend, but it was the only one that involved a grown man punching a child, so it gets the headline. The local response? Police want soccer banned. Since the sport is clearly the problem and not some dumbasses in attendance.
Fight At Soccer Game Sends Teen To Hospital And A Man To Jail [KEYT]
Man arrested for punching player after soccer game [Ventura County Star]
Like this post? Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day!
Reporters line up in hopes of attending a briefing in Press Secretary Sean Spicer's office at the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 24, 2017. White House held an off camera briefing in Spicer's
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer held an off-camera press briefing on Friday instead of their daily briefing which is usually broadcast live from the White House. In a decision that drew criticism from many journalists, Spicer kept a number of leading national U.S. media outlets out of the briefing, including CNN, the New York Times, the L.A. Times and Politico.
The first two have been targets of Trump's accusations for months.
An empty podium is seen as an off camera briefing is held with a small group of reporters and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer instead of the normal on camera briefing in the White House Februa BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP
>> Get all updates on Trump's war on the media: Download our free App, and Subscribe >>
After being asked if this decision was a result of these outlets' coverage of Trump , Spicer explained, that "it was my decision to expand the press pool" by adding other outlets, including some more supportive of President Trump.
Reporters talk after failing to get access to an off camera briefing with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and a small group of reporters instead of the normal on camera briefing at the White H Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Responding to the incident, Dean Baquet, the executive editor of the Times, said in a statement: “Nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties. We strongly protest the exclusion of The New York Times and the other news organizations. Free media access to a transparent government is obviously of crucial national interest.”
In December, Spicer was asked during an interview with Fox News if the Trump White House would allow full press access to journalists from outlets that are more critical of Trump. They replied that such outlets would "absolutely" continue to have full access.
The incident came only hours after Trump continued to rail against classic news media and what they called "fake news." In a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference, Trump said that media reports based on unnamed sources – a common practice in journalism – should not be allowed. Continuing
skip - Trump anon
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 6, 2012
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
“I'm against the people who make up stories and make up sources. They shouldn't be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody's name. [Then] you will see stories dry up like you have never seen before,” they said, though they themselves as used such sources to back their own claims.
Regarding so-called fake news, they said media “doesn't represent the people”, citing their own election victory as proof: “Our victory was a win like nobody has ever seen before.”
Regarding their own reference to a non-existent incident in Sweden, reportedly based on a Fox report on a documentary, Trump seemed reluctant to admit their error, and instead said that though "he loves Sweden," no one was reporting on the crises allegedly caused by its immigration policy. "Take a look at what's happening in Germany in France," they said.
skip - Trump to CPAC: Media shouldn't be allowed to use unnamed sources
Trump to CPAC: Media shouldn't be allowed to use unnamed sources New York Times
Image Credit: DC ComicsThe ol' girl may fly this fall after all: NBC has picked up the Wonder Woman pilot from David E. Kelley. Ironically, NBC was the final network to pass on bringing back the superhero over a week ago, but that was before the new regime was officially in place in light of the impending Comcast takeover. Robert Greenblatt is now spearheading primetime as chairperson. (On Thursday, head of programming Angela Bromstad announced they were leaving).
The pilot's cost may not be a concern to Greenblatt, the wunderkind who revitalized Showtime with critical faves like Dexter and Weeds. One factor that seemed to have sunk the Wonder Woman project the first time around was the price of rebooting the series, with the studio requiring a rich license fee to bring the iconic character back to life. But then, NBC has been down this road before: It rebooted Bionic Woman. Kelley's take incorporated the superhero's signature lasso, cuffs, and plane in the script, and insiders said it was a serious, non-campy take on the DC Comics character. For years, various writers and producers (including Joss Whedon) have tried to bring back Wonder Woman, but the character has proved difficult to resurrect.
Kelley is already executive producing Harry's Law for NBC, the new drama starring Kathy Bates. The pilot, like all the others ordered by NBC during the current development season, will have to pass the final smell test this spring before its ordered to series in May.
In other business Friday, NBC also ordered a drama pilot from Michael Patrick King (Sex and the City), dubbed Mann's World. It chronicles a celebrity hair stylist in Los Angeles.
Keeping score at home? Get the skinny on all the fall 2011-12 pilots by clicking here! And follow me @EWLynette
Simply replace 0845 with 0345 at the start of a number before calling to save
Changes in BIS regulations mean that retailers, traders and passenger transport companies have to adopt an 01, 02, 03 or 080 number for customer service lines. Government departments have been similarly advised by Cabinet Office Guidance. New FCA regulations will shortly do the same for the financial sector.
>
This means that you can usually just replace the 0845 in a Number with 0345 and that this call will not attract the same charge as the 0845 would have, and in most cases will already be included in your bundles talktime allowance
For example The Department for Work and Pensions previously used 0845 608 8545 before making the switch to 0345 608 8545 n March 2014
A timeline of 0345 Changes
Published by BIS on 13 December 2013, Regulation 41 of the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 requires retailers, traders and passenger transport companies to use 01, 02, 03 or 080 numbers for post sales helplines. The new rules came into force on 13 June 2014. Where an organisation hasn't complied, Regulation 41(2) gives the right to a refund of all call costs over and above whatever an equivalent call to an 01, 02 or 0300 telephone number would have cost.
The FCA has recently published similar regulation for the financial sector. From 26 October 2015 banks and insurance companies must provide numbers starting 01, 02, 03 or 080 for customer.contact. This spells the end of usage of expensive 084, 087 and 09 numbers.
The Cabinet Office published guidance for central governmwnt departments, their agencies and other bodies across the wider public sector landscape on 26 December 2013. This suggested they stop using 084 and 087 numbers and instead used 01, 02, 03 or 080 numbers. Most departments have complied by switching to 0300 or 0345 numbers. This includes HMRC, DWP, and most local authorities.
Ofcom published regulations on 12 December 2013 requiring all users of 084, 087 and 09 numbers to declare the Service Charge everywhere their number is advertised. The new rules came into force on 1 July 2015. Those who cannot justify the Service Charge must change their number to stop imposing it. Ofcom made matching 034 and 037 numbers available in 2007 for users of 084 and 087 numbers to migrate. Many are now taking that option. This mainly affects sales and enquiry lines.
After keeping mum while the saga of “The Interview” unfolded, Seth Rogen and James Franco took to Twitter to express their excitement that the film will indeed bow on select screens on Christmas day.
Rogen, who co-directed, co-wrote and stars in the film about bumbling journalists attempting to assassinate Kim Jong-un of North Korea, tweeted that “Freedom has prevailed!”
The people have spoken! Freedom has prevailed! Sony didn't give up! The Interview will be shown at theaters willing to play it on Xmas day! — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) December 23, 2014
Evan Goldberg, who co-wrote and co-directed with creative partner Rogen, expressed that they were “humbled & overwhelmed” by the outpouring of support for their film.
Thanks to everyone who didn't give up on our movie! @Sethrogen & I are humbled & overwhelmed by your support. Hope you enjoy the film! — Evan Goldberg (@evandgoldberg) December 23, 2014
Franco, known for their eccentric social media presence, even joked about President Obama flubbing their name.
https://twitter.com/JamesFrancoTV/status/547458162182197248
https://twitter.com/JamesFrancoTV/status/547459588875112459
Randall Park, who plays Jong-un in “The Interview,” also thanked fans on Twitter.
Sony had announced on Dec. 17 that it would pull “The Interview” from theaters after the studio was hacked and received threats of physical violence for distributing the film. The FBI has since confirmed that North Korea was linked to the hacking.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry relished making the announcement on the Iran nuclear agreement a few weeks ago. Their sense of relief and vindication was palpable as they described the details of the deal with glee to the American people. Once again, Mr. Obama calmed the heavens and stopped the oceans from rising; all was good with the world. The press nodded their heads in lock-step agreement with the triumph of the White House regarding the real Islamic State. This agreement came in the face of intense criticism of foreign policy realists who insisted Iran could not be trusted and would sooner than later develop a nuclear weapon and the missile systems to deliver them.
Now the U.N. Security Council is about to issue a report on multiple violations of U.N. sanctions by Iran, including launching missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads. This issue is one of paramount importance for American national security in the coming decades. What are we hearing from the White House on this issue? Crickets … The media response has been tepid at best regarding the issue.
The Hill reports on comments by Sen. Chris Coons, “While these ballistic missile tests are outside of the parameters of the [joint comprehensive plan of action], our response has to be strategic and we have to make sure Iran knows that it can't continue to simply blatantly disregard the international community and the U.N. Security Council.”
Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) slammed “silence” from the administration and the international community in the wake of the tests. “What has happened as a result of Iran violating the U.N. Security Council resolutions as it relates to missile testing? Absolutely nothing,” they said from the Senate floor last week.
Once again the administration seems to be placing their legacy above the security of the American people. I am not surprised, but I am becoming increasingly worried about the American media not holding this president or their policies accountable. Is it because they are too invested in this leader? Is it because there is a presidential election on the horizon and they want to protect the Democratic nominee who was part architect of President Obama's foreign policy? Or is it simply that they can't admit to being wrong?
The media's responsibility is to hold our leaders accountable, no matter the party or ideology. To not do so is corruption plain and simple.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Web scraping is as old as the web itself, it is a very widely known term in the programming world, and in online businesses in general. Scraping allows you to gather multiple sources of data in one compact place, from within which you can make your own data queries, and display information however you like.
In my personal experience, I've seen web scrapers being used to build automated product websites, article directories and full-scale projects that involve a lot of interaction with data. What do all of these have in common? Money. The average person looking for a web scraper will be thinking in terms of money.
Are you a PHP coder? Take a look at these php libraries that are for working with the HTTP protocol and also for scraping content.
What other uses are there for web scrapers, which are the most common ones? Funny to think about this, the first thing that came to my mind when thinking of other uses for scraping was a tweet that was sent out earlier this year by Matt Cutts, one of the people behind Google's spam team.
“If you see a scraper URL outranking the original source of content in Google, please tell us about it.” – Matt told their Twitter fans. Just a few moments later, Dan Barker – an online entrepreneur; made a quite amusing reply to show what the real problem with Google is:
I thought it was pretty hilarious, as did 30,000 other people who took the time to retweet that statement. The lesson here is that web scraping is all around us. Try to imagine a world where a price comparison website would need to have a separate set of employees, just to have them check the prices again, and again, for each new request. A nightmare!
Web scraping has many sides to it, there are certainly many uses for it as well, here are a few examples (feel free to skip this to get right into our list of web scraping tools) that I think define what scraping is about, and probably shows that it's not always about stealing data from others.
• Price Comparison — Like I said, one of the great uses for scraping is the ability to compare prices, and data in a more efficient manner. Instead of having to do all the checks manually, you can have a scraper in place; doing all the requests for you.
• Contact Details — You could consider this type of scraping as something on a thin line, but it is possible to scrape for peoples details; names, emails, phone #'s, etc,. by using a web scraper.
• Social Analysis — I think this one is getting less attention than it deserves, with modern technology – we can really immerse ourselves in the life of others, and by scraping social websites like Twitter or Facebook, we can come to conclusions of what different groups of people like. (It goes a lot deeper than that!)
• Research Data — Quite similar to what I said above, large amounts of data can be scraped in one place and then used as a general database for building amazing, and informational websites or products.
these all were on the top of my head, having a quick look online led me to this blog post, you'll find a few more suggestions on the uses of web scraping there.
Some people will scrape the contents of a website and post it as their own, in effect stealing this content. This is a big no-no for the same reasons that taking someone else's book and putting your name on it is a bad idea. Intellectual property, copyright and trademark laws still apply on the internet and your legal recourse is much the same. — Justin Abrahms, QuickLeft
It is not that hard of a thing to do, to imagine a fellow webmaster being frustrated over a company that has stolen all of their data, and is now making a huge profit out of it. The worst part? In many cases, it is near next-to impossible to prove that these people are doing what you know they are, scraping, and using your data.
I think that covers my initial introduction to web scraping, and my last piece of advice is this – learn Python; it is one of the most common programming languages used for scraping, extracting and organizing data. Luckily, it is also incredibly easy to learn, and with the use of different frameworks – getting up and running will be a breeze.
1. Import.IO
I love what these guys are doing at Import.IO, even though it is a little on the expensive side. Enterprises who are looking for more flexibility and algorithmic access can get in touch with the sales team, while everyone else enjoys the product free for life.
Their web scraping tool is available for all major operating systems (Mac, Linux, Windows), and comes equipped with an amazing set of features. I'm particularly fond of Authenticated APIs, Dataset's, and Cloud Storage. But, the crown jewel is their own blog – a place where you can find user feedback, and a great number of tutorials and how-to guides.
In my experience, I found that scraping a website like ThemeForest turned out to be incredibly easy, but I quickly grew tired of the idea and so didn't really continue to explore the possibilities. I'd love to hear your own stories about Import, and whether you think it is one of the best free tools for scraping out there.
2. Kimono
Kimono is a platform (supported by a bookmarklet) that enables you to turn any website into an active API. It's actually quite interesting technology, and I highly suggest taking a look at the types of software and apps that have been built with Kimono. It makes things like data visualization a very easy process to do.
You don't need to write any code or install any software to extract data with Kimono. The easiest way to use Kimono is to add our bookmarklet to your browser's bookmark bar. Then go to the website you want to get data from and click the bookmarklet. Select the data you want and Kimono does the rest.
It's going to be a little bit harder to master this tool, but there is an extensive section of video tutorials to help you get started, now that I think about it – I've reignited my passion for it as well, and look forward to playing around with it, at least a little bit.
3. Scrapy
Scrapy is a fast high-level screen scraping and web crawling framework, used to crawl websites and extract structured data from their pages. It can be used for a wide range of purposes, from data mining to monitoring and automated testing.
Like I said, Python is quite famous for being easy to learn and easy to use when it comes to scraping the web. Scrapy gives you all the necessary tools, documentation, and examples to help you get started within minutes. You'll need Python installed, and some basic understanding of the command line.
4. Apache Nutch™
The lack of a GUI (graphics interface) makes this tool less appealing to the beginner class, but it is a widely used web crawling tool (very possibly, the most widely used) that can help to achieve large proportions of websites in a matter of seconds. Apache Nutch™ is flexible, powerful, and is built alongside the popular Apache Solr search server.
Nutch is open-source, and offers both modular and pluggable interfaces for concluding crawling matters. You could easily build your own search engine if you wanted to. I'm fond of this installation guide, which is extended into further detail if you're interested in giving it a shot.
5. Scrapinghub
Scrapinghub is a very advanced platform when it comes to crawling the web using ‘spiders'. Their platform enables you to launch multiple crawlers at a time, without the requirement of deep monitoring of what is going on in the background. You simply give it the necessary data that it needs, and it will do the rest by itself. Everything is stored in the Scrapinghub – highly available – database and retrievable from our API.
I really like their latest open-source product, it is called Portia and it will enable you to do some custom scraping on your own, mostly to get a feel of how a visual web scraper works, and what kind of data it is possible to scrape and archive.
6. UBot Studio 5
UBot Studio 5 Build Web Automation and Marketing Software” width=”800″ height=”393″ />
Anything you do online can be automated with UBot Studio. It will help you collect and analyze information, synchronize online accounts, upload and download data, and finish any other job that you might do in a web browser, and beyond.
UBot Studio was recommended for this list by one of the people who have left a comment on this post. I didn't think much of it at first, but after having taken a second look, UBot Studio looks like a fairly promising platform that can change the way you or your business, interacts with the daily tasks of the web technology.
The number of things that UBot Studio can help you do is growing with every release: –
• You can create a network of blogs and manage them automatically with UBot.
• Easily create user accounts on the most popular social networks with a single click.
• Update your blogs and social networks automatically from one single window.
• Mass upload videos to the most favorite video sites on the web.
• Conduct research tasks that can yield insight about keywords and their according niches.
• Works with popular platforms such as WordPress, Blogger, and even cPanel for all your hosting needs.
• …. and so many more features that you can find here.
It definitely is a little bit different from other scraping tools that we have on this particular list, but with such a wide array of features, I think this particular platform deserves to be noticed. Unfortunately, it won't be free to use it, but if you've been looking for a similar solution for your projects, perhaps this is the one to go for. We don't use affiliate links, so it's up to you to decide whether UBot Studio can help your business.
Apps & Tools for Crawling the Web
You've got a lot of choice right now, find the right tool that works for you and keep playing with it. I think that there is a lot of good that we can do, by using these tools for the right reasons. Honestly, I just don't see the point in scraping Wikipedia's full archive of pages, and then submitting them on your own blog.
Find something meaningful, something that would impress others and try and work it out. The least of our worries should be the ability to do it, as there are more than enough tutorials and guides out there; on how to use these tools for the maximum potential.
I hope that you'll find something worth your time, but I also encourage you to share your own tools that you use for web scraping, and I'd love to try them out myself.
Michael Moore at a 2011 rally in Wisconsin. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images file)
Filmmaker Michael Moore took to Twitter on Thursday to make some demands — namely, that America's police be disarmed and “every African-American currently incarcerated for drug ‘crimes' or nonviolent offenses” be set free from prison.
The polarizing documentarian began their social media rant in the early morning with a cryptic tweet, writing: “Imprison u, shoot u, sever your spine, crush your larynx, send u to war, keep u poor, call u a thug, not let u vote. But u can sing for us.”
Imprison u, shoot u, sever your spine, crush your larynx, send u to war, keep u poor, call u a thug, not let u vote. But u can sing for us. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) April 30, 2015
It escalated from there.
Here's my demand: I want every African-American currently incarcerated for drug "crimes" or nonviolent offenses released from prison today. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) April 30, 2015
Then:
And the rest who r imprisoned- I dont believe 50% of them did what they're accused of. Lies. Greed. A modern day slave system. Poor whites 2 — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) April 30, 2015
And:
Next demand: Disarm the police. We have a 1/4 billion 2nd amendment guns in our homes 4 protection. We'll survive til the right cops r hired — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) April 30, 2015
And:
Local cops now militarized. Founding Fathers said NO army policing on our soil. Why do cops have tanks? Oh, right – the Enemy: The Black Man — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) April 30, 2015
Moore's call for action was an apparent response to the controversy over the death of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who was injured in police custody in Baltimore. Following Gray's death several days after their arrest, riots broke out in Baltimore. Pockets of the city burned, scores of police officers were injured, and hundreds of people were arrested as the governor activated the National Guard, and the city imposed a curfew to curb the violence.
[Michael Moore shoots themselves in the foot]
The “Bowling for Columbine” filmmaker, who has been butting heads with the NRA and gun-rights advocates for more than a dozen years, said three years ago that “guns are for hunters … and cowards.”
Real men own Bushmasters (ICYMI): http://t.co/XoEkOLPK (actually, guns are for hunters… and cowards) — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 18, 2012
In citing the Second Amendment and writing “we'll survive til the right cops r hired,” Moore seemed to be taking a new position, the Free Beacon noted.
That statement also caught the eye of talk-show host Dana Loesch, the author of “Hands Off My Gun: Defeating the Plot to Disarm America.”
So you're advising legal gun ownership and vigilantism, @MMFlint . — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) April 30, 2015
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, hailed as the “NRA's favorite sheriff,” also fired back at Moore, suggesting that the police-disarmament program start in Moore's own community.
@nranews @MMFlint Start pilot project by doing it in their neighborhood. Set up transitional inmate housing where they live. — David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) April 30, 2015
Congressman-turned-talk host Joe Walsh didn't care for Moore's ideas, either.
Michael Moore demands we disarm all Police Officers. Can we just give this fat un-American asswipe to ISIS right now? http://t.co/u9F5h68v2G — Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) April 30, 2015
The tweetstorm — and the reaction to it — put Moore back in the spotlight three months after they made headlines with a series of controversial comments about Clint Eastwood and “American Sniper.”
MORE READING: Michael Moore: ‘The Day Clint Eastwood Said They Would Kill Me'
Baltimore police: Freddie Gray died from a ‘tragic injury to their spinal cord'
A Freddie Gray primer: Who was he, how did they die, why is there so much anger?
Humans have marked their bodies with tattoos for thousands of years. These permanent designs—sometimes plain, sometimes elaborate, always personal—have served as amulets, status symbols, declarations of love, signs of religious beliefs, adornments and even forms of punishment. Joann Fletcher, research fellow in the department of archaeology at the University of York in Britain, describes the history of tattoos and their cultural significance to people around the world, from the famous " Iceman," a 5,200-year-old frozen mummy, to today's Maori.
What is the earliest evidence of tattoos?
In terms of tattoos on actual bodies, the earliest known examples were for a long time Egyptian and were present on several female mummies dated to c. 2000 B.C. But following the more recent discovery of the Iceman from the area of the Italian-Austrian border in 1991 and their tattoo patterns, this date has been pushed back a further a thousand years when they were carbon-dated at around 5,200 years old.
Can you describe the tattoos on the Iceman and their significance?
Following discussions with my colleague Professor Don Brothwell of the University of York, one of the specialists who examined him, the distribution of the tattooed dots and small crosses on their lower spine and right knee and ankle joints correspond to areas of strain-induced degeneration, with the suggestion that they may have been applied to alleviate joint pain and were therefore essentially therapeutic. This would also explain their somewhat 'random' distribution in areas of the body which would not have been that easy to display had they been applied as a form of status marker.
What is the evidence that ancient Egyptians had tattoos?
There's certainly evidence that women had tattoos on their bodies and limbs from figurines c. 4000-3500 B.C. to occasional female figures represented in tomb scenes c. 1200 B.C. and in figurine form c. 1300 B.C., all with tattoos on their thighs. Also small bronze implements identified as tattooing tools were discovered at the town site of Gurob in northern Egypt and dated to c. 1450 B.C. And then, of course, there are the mummies with tattoos, from the three women already mentioned and dated to c. 2000 B.C. to several later examples of female mummies with these forms of permanent marks found in Greco-Roman burials at Akhmim.
What function did these tattoos serve? Who got them and why?
Because this seemed to be an exclusively female practice in ancient Egypt, mummies found with tattoos were usually dismissed by the (male) excavators who seemed to assume the women were of "dubious status," described in some cases as "dancing girls." The female mummies had nevertheless been buried at Deir el-Bahari (opposite modern Luxor) in an area associated with royal and elite burials, and we know that at least one of the women described as "probably a royal concubine" was actually a high-status priestess named Amunet, as revealed by their funerary inscriptions.
And although it has long been assumed that such tattoos were the mark of prostitutes or were meant to protect the women against sexually transmitted diseases, I personally believe that the tattooing of ancient Egyptian women had a therapeutic role and functioned as a permanent form of amulet during the very difficult time of pregnancy and birth. This is supported by the pattern of distribution, largely around the abdomen, on top of the thighs and the breasts, and would also explain the specific types of designs, in particular the net-like distribution of dots applied over the abdomen. During pregnancy, this specific pattern would expand in a protective fashion in the same way bead nets were placed over wrapped mummies to protect them and "keep everything in." The placing of small figures of the household deity Bes at the tops of their thighs would again suggest the use of tattoos as a means of safeguarding the actual birth, since Bes was the protector of women in labor, and their position at the tops of the thighs a suitable location. This would ultimately explain tattoos as a purely female custom.
Who made the tattoos?
Although we have no explicit written evidence in the case of ancient Egypt, it may well be that the older women of a community would create the tattoos for the younger women, as happened in 19th-century Egypt and happens in some parts of the world today.
What instruments did they use?
It is possible that an implement best described as a sharp point set in a wooden handle, dated to c. 3000 B.C. and discovered by archaeologist W.M.F. Petrie at the site of Abydos may have been used to create tattoos. Petrie also found the asupervisorstioned set of small bronze instruments c. 1450 B.C.—resembling wide, flattened needles—at the ancient town site of Gurob. If tied together in a bunch, they would provide repeated patterns of multiple dots.
These instruments are also remarkably similar to much later tattooing implements used in 19th-century Egypt. The English writer William Lane (1801-1876) observed, "the operation is performed with several needles (generally seven) tied together: with these the skin is pricked in a desired pattern: some smoke black (of wood or oil), mixed with milk from the breast of a woman, is then rubbed in.... It is generally performed at the age of about 5 or 6 years, and by gipsy-women.”
What did these tattoos look like?
Most examples on mummies are largely dotted patterns of lines and diamond patterns, while figurines sometimes feature more naturalistic images. The tattoos occasionally found in tomb scenes and on small female figurines which form part of cosmetic items also have small figures of the dwarf god Bes on the thigh area.
What were they made of? How many colors were used?
Usually a dark or black pigment such as soot was introduced into the pricked skin. It seems that brighter colors were largely used in other ancient cultures, such as the Inuit who are believed to have used a yellow color along with the more usual darker pigments.
What has surprised you the most about ancient Egyptian tattooing?
That it appears to have been restricted to women during the purely dynastic period, i.e. pre-332 B.C. Also the way in which some of the designs can be seen to be very well placed, once it is accepted they were used as a means of safeguarding women during pregnancy and birth.
Can you describe the tattoos used in other ancient cultures and how they differ?
Among the numerous ancient cultures who appear to have used tattooing as a permanent form of body adornment, the Nubians to the south of Egypt are known to have used tattoos. The mummified remains of women of the indigenous C-group culture found in cemeteries near Kubban c. 2000-15000 B.C. were found to have blue tattoos, which in at least one case featured the same arrangement of dots across the abdomen noted on the asupervisorstioned female mummies from Deir el-Bahari. The ancient Egyptians also represented the male leaders of the Libyan neighbors c. 1300-1100 B.C. with clear, rather geometrical tattoo marks on their arms and legs and portrayed them in Egyptian tomb, temple and palace scenes.
The Scythian Pazyryk of the Altai Mountain region were another ancient culture which employed tattoos. In 1948, the 2,400 year old body of a Scythian male was discovered preserved in ice in Siberia, their limbs and torso covered in ornate tattoos of mythical animals. Then, in 1993, a woman with tattoos, again of mythical creatures on their shoulders, wrists and thumb and of similar date, was found in a tomb in Altai. The practice is also confirmed by the Greek writer Herodotus c. 450 B.C., who stated that amongst the Scythians and Thracians "tattoos were a mark of nobility, and not to have them was testimony of low birth.”
Accounts of the ancient Britons likewise suggest they too were tattooed as a mark of high status, and with "divers shapes of beasts" tattooed on their bodies, the Romans named one northern tribe "Picti," literally "the painted people."
Yet amongst the Greeks and Romans, the use of tattoos or "stigmata" as they were then called, seems to have been largely used as a means to mark someone as "belonging" either to a religious sect or to an owner in the case of slaves or even as a punitive measure to mark them as criminals. It is therefore quite intriguing that during Ptolemaic times when a dynasty of Macedonian Greek monarchs ruled Egypt, the pharaoh himself, Ptolemy IV (221-205 B.C.), was said to have been tattooed with ivy leaves to symbolize their devotion to Dionysus, Greek god of wine and the patron deity of the royal house at that time. The fashion was also adopted by Roman soldiers and spread across the Roman Empire until the emergence of Christianity, when tattoos were felt to "disfigure that made in God's image" and so were banned by the Emperor Constantine (A.D. 306-373).
We have also examined tattoos on mummified remains of some of the ancient pre-Columbian cultures of Peru and Chile, which often replicate the same highly ornate images of stylized animals and a wide variety of symbols found in their textile and pottery designs. One stunning female figurine of the Naszca culture has what appears to be a huge tattoo right around their lower torso, stretching across their abdomen and extending down to their genitalia and, presumably, once again alluding to the regions associated with birth. Then on the mummified remains which have survived, the tattoos were noted on torsos, limbs, hands, the fingers and thumbs, and sometimes facial tattooing was practiced.
With extensive facial and body tattooing used among Native Americans, such as the Cree, the mummified bodies of a group of six Greenland Inuit women c. A.D. 1475 also revealed evidence for facial tattooing. Infrared examination revealed that five of the women had been tattooed in a line extending over the eyebrows, along the cheeks and in some cases with a series of lines on the chin. Another tattooed female mummy, dated 1,000 years earlier, was also found on St. Lawrence Island in the Bering Sea, their tattoos of dots, lines and hearts confined to the arms and hands.
Evidence for tattooing is also found amongst some of the ancient mummies found in China's Taklamakan Desert c. 1200 B.C., although during the later Han Dynasty (202 B.C.-A.D. 220), it seems that only criminals were tattooed.
Japanese men began adorning their bodies with elaborate tattoos in the late A.D. 3rd century.
The elaborate tattoos of the Polynesian cultures are thought to have developed over millennia, featuring highly elaborate geometric designs, which in many cases can cover the whole body. Following James Cook's British expedition to Tahiti in 1769, the islanders' term "tatatau" or "tattau," meaning to hit or strike, gave the west our modern term "tattoo." The marks then became fashionable among Europeans, particularly so in the case of men such as sailors and coal-miners, with both professions which carried serious risks and presumably explaining the almost amulet-like use of anchors or miner's lamp tattoos on the men's forearms.
What about modern tattoos outside of the western world?
Modern Japanese tattoos are real works of art, with many modern practioners, while the highly skilled tattooists of Samoa continue to create their art as it was carried out in ancient times, prior to the invention of modern tattooing equipment. Various cultures throughout Africa also employ tattoos, including the fine dots on the faces of Berber women in Algeria, the elaborate facial tattoos of Wodabe men in Niger and the small crosses on the inner forearms which mark Egypt's Christian Copts.
What do Maori facial designs represent?
In the Maori culture of New Zealand, the head was considered the most important part of the body, with the face embellished by incredibly elaborate tattoos or ‘moko,' which were regarded as marks of high status. Each tattoo design was unique to that individual and since it conveyed specific information about their status, rank, ancestry and abilities, it has accurately been described as a form of id card or passport, a kind of aesthetic bar code for the face. After sharp bone chisels were used to cut the designs into the skin, a soot-based pigment would be tapped into the open wounds, which then healed over to seal in the design. With the tattoos of warriors given at various stages in their lives as a kind of rite of passage, the decorations were regarded as enhancing their features and making them more attractive to the opposite sex.
Although Maori women were also tattooed on their faces, the markings tended to be concentrated around the nose and lips. Although Christian missionaries tried to stop the procedure, the women maintained that tattoos around their mouths and chins prevented the skin becoming wrinkled and kept them young; the practice was apparently continued as recently as the 1970s.
Why do you think so many cultures have marked the human body and did their practices influence one another?
In many cases, it seems to have sprung up independently as a permanent way to place protective or therapeutic symbols upon the body, then as a means of marking people out into appropriate social, political or religious groups, or simply as a form of self-expression or fashion statement.
Yet, as in so many other areas of adornment, there was of course cross-cultural influences, such as those which existed between the Egyptians and Nubians, the Thracians and Greeks and the many cultures encountered by Roman soldiers during the expansion of the Roman Empire in the final centuries B.C. and the first centuries A.D. And, certainly, Polynesian culture is thought to have influenced Maori tattoos.
Today we're talking about how to get it done.
I often get asked how I get so much stuff done. This question stops me in my tracks because I don't see it that way, I always feel like there's something else to be done… but I guess that means I get some of the right things done.
Get It Done: My 3 Special Tricks
Want the audio only version of this post?
Check out the podcast version here.
So here are my tips for getting it done:
1. Ideas have a shelf-life. Use them before they expire.
If you get a great idea and you don't implement immediately, you'll see someone else run with it. I think that ideas exist somewhere in the ether and are just waiting to be snatched up by someone. You often see a bunch of different people take action on the same idea close to the same time.
I guess I feel pressure to run with an idea before it goes bad. That doesn't mean that all ideas are ripe though. Sometimes you need to let an idea evolve or grow into its fully formed state before you pick it. But once you pick it, you can't let it wilt on your idea shelf.
2. Pick a date. Announce it to the world.
I'm easily motivated by external things, so I tell someone that I'm doing something I need to follow through. If you don't have a problem with follow through you can ignore this tip. But if you've been putting something off for a long time, then get outside accountability to help you get it done.
Picking a date and making a contract with someone else works wonders. It's responsible for the Off The Charts Live event, this weekly show taping, and the creation of some of my products. I pick dates, announce them to the world, and then I need to follow through.
3. Set aside creation days and communication days.
Balance your creation time and your consumption time.
Depending on the type of business you have, you might find that your tasks generally fall into one of two categories: creation and communication.
When it's time to create, you generally need 20-30 minutes to really get into the zone. Once you're in the zone you can get a lot more stuff done and power through. But if you're interrupted or you need to stop to have a meeting, your whole flow gets out of whack.
It's one of the reasons why creative people and programmers like to work late at night or early in the morning when there aren't other people there to interrupt.
But if you're running a business, you're not operating in a vacuum and you need to talk to people to make things happen. That means emails, phone calls, and meetings. But what you can do to maximize your productivity is to schedule all of these communication tasks so they fall on the same day.
I have my calendar set up so that I have 1 or 2 creation days in a row, followed by 1 or 2 communication days per week. That doesn't mean that I don't check email or that I can't take a call on my creation days, but I try not to break my flow as much as possible. And likewise, my communication days can still allow time for creating, it's just not the focus.
This set up works great and helps me get it done. But maybe for you the best set up is creation in the morning, communication in the afternoon. Find what works for you, but be aware of the time you're spending communicating and consuming versus the time you're spending implementing and creating.
Over To You Now…
Now I'd love to hear what you think about the shelf-life of ideas concept, and what you're committing to finishing. Put it on the line, and make space for it to happen… be sure to leave a comment below!
Microsoft has a big Windows 10 boost out today. The company is calling it the “first major update” to Windows 10 for both normal PCs and tablets.
At its most basic, Microsoft wants to better position Windows 10 — its new operating system — for both consumers and enterprise clients. If it fails to find adoption with either, the success of the recently released code will be likely nil. Such are the stakes.
Up front, in a blog post, the company indicated that “Windows 10 also starts rolling out to Xbox One today, and select mobile phones soon.” That is both encouraging, and not. It is good that the larger long-discussed Windows Everywhere strategy is still in place — that's the Xbox piece — but also slightly disappointing that the Windows 10 for “mobile phones” element remains in the future. I suppose that the firm is another holiday season down.
Before we delve into what Microsoft has planned for the enterprise, let's have a game. No, not League of Legends — I have no desire to lose again this week — but instead the Xbox. Here's the official verbiage [Emphasis: TechCrunch]:
With the New Xbox One Experience, Xbox One will update to be powered by Windows 10, providing faster experiences. Windows 10 makes all your gaming better with a consistent gaming experience across devices by extending Xbox Live to every screen. You can now get into multiplayer sessions and Parties faster, your most-used content is more readily available, and you can find gaming experiences tailored to your favorite titles more easily.
We've all had a long year, so I won't complain about the “update to be powered by” line. Life is too short.
Windows 10 For People With Money
As you might have heard, large corporate clients are an important constituency of Microsoft's bottom line. Given that obvious reality, Microsoft is more than a little focused on getting those customers onto its new platform. Again, a house divided cannot stand, and the software shop needs both folks, and folks' bosses on board to succeed.
So, new features. In short the new bits are designed to help companies' IT crews better manage PCs on their networks. I am sure this will disappoint more adventurous employees, but given who Microsoft in fact sells to, the resulting content is as surprising as mud in a corn maze.
Here's the core language [Emphasis: TechCrunch]:
Windows Update for Business, provides IT controls over the deployment of updates within their organizations, while ensuring their devices are kept current and their security needs are met, at reduced management cost. Features include setting up device groups with staggered deployments and scaling deployments with network optimizations. Windows Store for Business provides IT a flexible way to acquire, deploy, manage and use apps – both public and private line of business. Organizations can create their own private catalog – a store within the public Business Store – where they can define the list of the public and line-of- business apps available.
The company also announced new mobile device management features — hello, Good! — for Windows 10. Mobile, it seems, remains a thing.
Microsoft also announced that there are 12 million “business PCs” running Windows 10. That is up from 8 million at last count. The company did not update its 110 million total device figures. Provided that you have both fingers and toes, you can add a few things together to get new numbers.
Microsoft did not provide new official aggregate figures in a phone call with TechCrunch.
All of this may not impact your use of Windows 10. That isn't too surprising. But I would draw your attention to two things. First, that Microsoft was not kidding about continuous updates to Windows 10, and its current focus on the building out features for corporate customers.
Neither should shock, but each matters. The first because updates such as this demonstrate that the company didn't oversell its ability to update Windows 10. And the latter because it indicates that Microsoft thinks its new operating system is ready for everyone, even the most exacting corporate domains.
New numbers will tell a better story, but for today, at least, there is new grist for Windows fans.
13 February 2015 | kieranbattams
9 | Works not only as a spin off.. but as a show in its own right!
Breaking Bad in my opinion is the perfect show and is my all-time favourite and Walter White's seedy lawyer Saul Goodman has always been one of my favourite characters of the show. The second i found out they would be getting their own spin off i was excited and Better Call Saul has been one of the most hotly anticipated releases of 2015. I have to say based on the 2 episodes that have aired so far I have to say it has not disappointed and if the show continues to be this good then I will have another perfect show in my watchlist.
It has been great to see Saul Goodman (Jimmy McGill as they are known here) back to their roots, here we see a very different version of the character as a down on their luck lawyer as opposed to the criminal lawyer who handed Jesse Pinkman bags of dollars without a care in the world, yet their charm and their cocky persona and sometimes hilarious one liners stay exactly where we want them. The tone also feels very different to breaking bad. We get to see a much more lighthearted approach to this series.
We also get glimpses of Mike Ermantraut (Jonathan Banks) which was great and whilst so far we haven't seen a lot of them i am certain we will get a lot more interaction between the two (he is second billed in the titles afterall). I was also surprised to see another fan favourite although i wont spoil this for those who don't know.
As the series goes on i will post about my opinions more but i feel this show is great and will continue to go up and be on par with Breaking Bad. Vince Gilligan has proved themselves as a force to be reckoned with. Better Call Saul is not only awesome as a spin off, but in its own right as a show also. Better Call Saul is undeniably awesome
• Mino Raiola wants Juventus to sanction player's departure from club • United keen to make Frenchman their fourth signing of the summer
The agent of Paul Pogba, Mino Raiola, will hold talks with Juventus after Euro 2016 to see if they can broker a deal for the player to leave the club and join either Manchester United or Real Madrid.
France one win from Euro 2016 final six years after disgrace of South Africa | Amy Lawrence Read more
Juventus is adamant that the 23-year-old Frenchman, who has a contract with the Turin club until 2019, is not for sale and will do everything in their power to keep him. They recently offered Pogba a new contract, which would extend their deal for a further two years and increase their wages from €5m to €7m a year.
However, José Mourinho hopes United will meet the player's demands of €15.6m a year in an attempt to move ahead of Real in the chase for the player. That may still not be enough to ensure Pogba returns to Old Trafford, unless United can find an agreement with Juventus.
The Italian champions would dismiss a €100m offer out of hand but it is unclear if they would consider a bid of €120m.
United have already made three signings this summer, and following the arrival of Mourinho as manager – Eric Bailly, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
TREND Jan 10, 2018 /r/pokemongo is trending
TREND Jul 22, 2017 /r/pokemongo is trending
TREND Jul 11, 2017 /r/pokemongo is trending
TREND Feb 17, 2017 /r/pokemongo is trending
TREND Feb 16, 2017 /r/pokemongo is trending
800K Aug 13, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 800K subscribers
No. 1 Non-default Jul 29, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 26, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
700K Jul 25, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 700K subscribers
No. 1 Non-default Jul 25, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 24, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 23, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 22, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 20, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 19, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 18, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
600K Jul 18, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 600K subscribers
No. 1 Non-default Jul 17, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 16, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
500K Jul 15, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 500K subscribers
No. 1 Non-default Jul 15, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 14, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 13, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
TOP 100 Jul 13, 2016 /r/pokemongo enters TOP 100 subreddits
No. 1 Non-default Jul 12, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
400K Jul 12, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 400K subscribers
300K Jul 11, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 300K subscribers
No. 1 Non-default Jul 11, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 10, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
No. 1 Non-default Jul 9, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
TOP 200 Jul 9, 2016 /r/pokemongo enters TOP 200 subreddits
200K Jul 9, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 200K subscribers
TREND Jul 8, 2016 /r/pokemongo is trending
No. 1 Non-default Jul 8, 2016 /r/pokemongo - the fastest growing non-default reddit of the day
100K Jul 8, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 100K subscribers
TOP 400 Jul 8, 2016 /r/pokemongo enters TOP 400 subreddits
TREND Jul 7, 2016 /r/pokemongo is trending
20K May 13, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 20K subscribers
10K Feb 4, 2016 /r/pokemongo hits 10K subscribers
TOP 5K Dec 31, 2015 /r/pokemongo enters TOP 5K subreddits
5K Oct 16, 2015 /r/pokemongo hits 5K subscribers
TOP 10K Sep 15, 2015 /r/pokemongo enters TOP 10K subreddits
1K Sep 13, 2015 /r/pokemongo hits 1K subscribers
500 Sep 12, 2015 /r/pokemongo hits 500 subscribers
100 Sep 11, 2015 /r/pokemongo hits 100 subscribers
Kevin Valera was a father of two and a husband, a friend and a great cop. They were killed on my very first day at work as an El Hatillo Municipal Police officer, as they got home from work. They lived in El Cementerio, they killed them out in the open, in plain view of everyone.
You might think, “well, this happens all the time, they were mugged and it got violent.” But that's not it. They were actually killed to steal their gun. Gossip had gone around that they were somehow involved with the police. El Cementerio is one the most dangerous places in Caracas: almost every person who gets kidnapped is taken and held captive there.
That first day was a baptism of fire. Every single man and woman I came across was grieving, some in tears. Long faces, silence. The force here isn't that big, there are only 162 officers: everyone knows everybody: when an officer is killed or injured it ripples through the brotherhood. Because that's what this police force is about.
What stings the most, considering the sacrifices, is that cops are universally presumed to be corrupt, and we know it.
Cops don't make a lot of money in Venezuela. Most of them live in barrios. People think it's a job for people who can't do better than that, but I have met cops that speak perfect English, cops with specialist criminology or forensics degrees, with 10 or more years of service. They can definitely do other stuff, and still, they choose to be law enforcement officers.
What stings the most, considering the sacrifices, is that cops are universally presumed to be corrupt, and we know it. At El Hatillo, every single complaint about corruption is investigated through Internal Affairs and 58 officers have been dismissed for this kind of behavior.
But most cops risk their lives every day, on checkpoints, patrols or investigations and — as Kevin found out — even just when they go home. Day after day, their wages for it are people's scorn.
Kevin used to work in Evidence. Their wife worked for Internal Affairs. Days before their murder, some gang members were killed by CICPC, the National Investigative Police, and National Police Officers officers near the spot where Kevin was killed. We suspect they were killed in an act of revenge. They were shot 14 times in the face. That kind of MO is usually associated with score-settling.
“La Comandancia” felt absolutely bleak after the news came. Kevin's office was just three doors down from mine. What a terrible week to start a new job.
When I see my fellow officers, I don't see guys who became cops just for the shakedowns.
Yet everybody kept at it, just wanting to keep doing their job, as well as Kevin had done his, focusing on the hot spots, crime zones and every other useful tool that they could use to fight crime. In the days following Kevin's murder, four suspects were caught and six vehicles were recovered. Life goes on, the work goes on.
When I see my fellow officers, I don't see guys who became cops just for the shakedowns. I haven't figured it out yet, but there's something that just pushes a certain kind of person to take on one of the riskiest jobs in our country.
I see it in the fight against the gangs in Sisipa and Turgua, two outlying rural communities within our municipio.
Recently, one of Caracas's deadliest gangs was taken down by CICPC, following an investigation the El Hatillo Police carried out in Sisipa. We set up checkpoints every day for months to gather info, we detained people for questioning and talked to neighbors and visitor. But the actions of El Hatillo Police did not stop at the prep-work: when the D Day arrived, three of our officers lead the search for suspects, guiding 30 heavily armed men from CICPC in the hunt. That takes talent, and commitment. I'm awed by these guys day in and day out.
But it's not just brawn. It's brains, too. I remember the day when we started using hotspot reports. Based on georeferencing software, hotspots produce a kind of roadmap of crime, on the basis of calls, social network keywords and police reports. Officers were coming into my office all the time to find out what the neighbors were asking. Once, after we checked the hotspot and social networks reports, we figured that many robberies were taking place in Los Naranjos in the early morning. For a couple of weeks, neighbors have been asking for police patrols and checkpoints. So, we talked to investigations and arranged two special operations in the area.
In the second one we caught the perpetrator, the motorbike and gun they were using. It was dicey: as they tried to get away, the perps shot at a car but missed. We know people sometimes tweet about crime out of frustration, feeling that an official “denuncia” is a waste of time. I bet they don't realize those tweets lead to arrests.
But the tech gadgetry doesn't change the fundamental calculus: in the end, we have to go head-to-head with the gangs.
Hotspot reports allow us to drill down on the places where criminals were making fear the norm, social media monitoring allows us to see where neighbors are asking for police checkpoints. Our goal is to get the word out that El Hatillo Police really does respond to every report. There are not minor crimes at El Hatillo.
But the tech gadgetry doesn't change the fundamental calculus: in the end, we have to go head-to-head with the gangs. We try to support each other even in the worst moments: that's the job. My colleagues never stop surprising me: they're amazingly committed. They're willing to give everything. Just ask Kevin.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
Directly elected Mayor for Dublin also required to take the lead on managing city and tackling crime and deprivation
The Green Party has called on the Taoiseach to appoint a Minister with responsibility for the City of Dublin. It has accused the new Government on prioritising the policing needs of rural communities ahead of the capital City.
Councillor Ciarán Cuffe, Green Party Councillor for Dublin's North Inner City stated today:
“There is no Minister with responsibility for Dublin. Our Minister for Urban Renewal is only a Minister of State whose constituency's largest town of Navan has a population of under 30,000. I represent Dublin's North Inner City which has a population of 67,000, just over twice that of Navan. In the last 105 days four people have suffered violent deaths within one square mile. Communities are living in fear and require a response that goes beyond addressing their immediate policing needs.
“Urgent Government action is required to address the serious anti-community violence and drug crime that is afflicting local communities in Dublin City. We also must address the causes of gang violence that include the entrenched and intergenerational poverty, inequality and social exclusion in parts of Dublin. In these areas of multiple deprivation there are deep-seated housing, health, education, policing and environmental needs. A co-ordinated approach is needed to address this. We must break the cycle of violence, addiction and drug dealing that is so damaging to the community.
“An immediate response is required from Government to give a Dublin Minister responsibility for the city's needs. In the longer term a directly elected Mayor is required as is common in other cities. That Mayor should have responsibilities to coordinate and manage the needs of our Capital City as is the place in other countries. Our current ‘revolving-door' system of year-long mayors is not helping us in providing a political response to generations of neglect that in some instances go back to the foundation of the State. Dublin's needs are being neglected in the Government's rush towards parochial politics.”
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman. Our guest for the hour is investigative journalist Allan Nairn. I wanted to play for you, Allan, just a few clips, excerpts of not Fox, but of MSNBC and CNN introducing their guests.
JOY-ANN REID: Joining me now, MSNBC contributor Malcolm Nance and former CIA analyst Fred Fleitz.
ERIN BURNETT: The former CIA counterterrorism official Phil Mudd.
ANA CABRERA: I'm joined by former CIA undercover operative Lindsay Moran.
HALLIE JACKSON: Jeremy Bash, former chief of staff at the CIA and Department of Defense and an MSNBC national security analyst.
AMY GOODMAN: So there you have just a couple people, some of the hosts, introducing their commentators on not Fox, but CNN and MSNBC—FBI, CIA, military, increasingly populating the pundit classes on the airwaves.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah, many liberals are relying on authoritarian institutions to save them from the authoritarian, authoritarian institutions like the CIA, FBI, Pentagon. If you come from one of those places, you have a better chance of getting on, say, MSNBC than you do if you're an activist.
AMY GOODMAN: So what about what's happening today in the media? What about the coverage that we're seeing and what's happening? You talk about a rightist revolution taking place. The main thrust of CNN and MSNBC, a number of liberals—this is not Fox, which was talking a lot about how much President Trump has accomplished—in the six-month mark that we just passed, they were saying something like that he's tweeted 900-something times, passed no laws and only got one Supreme Court justice, that basically no laws—nothing has happened. He's a do-nothing, speak-everything president. You feel very differently about this.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah. First, they have a radical agenda to roll back, essentially, all social progress.
AMY GOODMAN: The Trump administration.
ALLAN NAIRN: Well, the Trump administration and also the very radical Republican Party, which now controls both houses of Congress and 34 governorships and state legislatures. And they've already done a lot. I mean, Trump has an executive order demanding that two regulations, on things like health, safety, labor rights, air pollution, water pollution—everything you can imagine—get revoked for every new one that's put in. They're allowing institutions like Sinclair Broadcasting, which had an actual financial deal, exchange, with the Trump campaign, a radical right-wing outfit, to expand their TV station holdings nationwide to twice the level that would usually be allowed under the regulatory regime.
There are many steps that are being taken that are not going to be rolled back, even if there is a change in administration. Even if you got, you know, a left-wing president, once Sinclair takes over ownership of those stations, they're not going to—there's no piece of paper they can sign to roll that back. Many of these actions they're taking have—are either very difficult to reverse or they are irreversible, like death. You know, the various estimates about the repeal of Obamacare perhaps causing 28,000 deaths, 43,000 deaths, that's not even to mention the amount of deaths that are occurring, the tens of thousands that are occurring, because of our failure, day by day, to implement a full coverage, as under single payer. You know, these consequences are irreversible. And they're not—they haven't achieved nearly as much as they could, because of Trump's craziness. But they are moving.
And they are seeking to take advantage of the fact that the U.S. system is much less democratic than many people realize. There are a series of levers that can be used to overcome democracy, ranging from the Electoral College to a Senate system where a minority of voters have a vast—a large majority of senators, to congressional and state legislative-level gerrymandering, to the possibility of voter suppression, to the House and Senate rules which allow you to block a bill even if it has big support from a majority of the senators or House members. The only way to overcome these structural obstacles is through a mass wave of democratic participation, a grassroots surge. And that's why they're so interested in voter suppression, because they want to block that. They want to shrink the pool of voters to be dominated by their supporters.
AMY GOODMAN: So, if the media were covering these issues—let's talk about what the media is covering. If you turn on MSNBC or you turn on CNN and you go away for an hour or two and you come back, you might think that you had put it on hold and that you just—they were just completing a sentence. And it's invariably about Russia. Talk about the coverage.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah, for many months, you've seen like an 80/20 ratio of coverage, Russia/other matters. And I think the fact that the press has done that and that many liberals have let these two commercial outfits, CNN and MSNBC, largely dominate, set their political agenda, that's one reason why Trump's approval rating is as high as it is, you know, in the mid to high thirties.
AMY GOODMAN: You're saying it's high because of their Russia coverage, their contention that—
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah, I think if the ratio were reversed and you were giving 20 percent coverage to Russia, 80 percent to the actual substantive acts of Trump and the Republican Congress and the Republican governors, I think Trump's rating would be down in the twenties, because the fact—
AMY GOODMAN: Well, now it's only at 33 percent.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah, because the facts are so outrageous. But because of the structural levers that the right has—now has control over on every front, because of the structural advantages, I—my own personal guess is if the Trump-Clinton election were rerun today, if the congressional elections were held today, I think Trump would squeak out another win. I think the Republicans would lose seats but narrowly retain control of Congress.
AMY GOODMAN: A lot of people must be shocked when you say this.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah.
AMY GOODMAN: On the hand, when you look at the special elections that have taken place—
ALLAN NAIRN: Look at the predictions before the general election, you know. And Trump, during the general election campaign, Trump's approval ratings were often lower than they are right now. But it shouldn't even be close. If the press were hammering away at the substance of what this rightist revolution is doing, they would be wiped out electorally.
AMY GOODMAN: And what about the fact that they're saying a foreign power intervened in this election to Trump's advantage?
ALLAN NAIRN: Well, the basic allegation is that Russia used U.S.-style election meddling against the U.S. Because that's half of the mission of the CIA since the CIA was created, to intervene in foreign elections and foreign governments. There was one academic study that cited 81 cases of such intervention just between the end of World War II and the year 2000. Personally, my guess is, yeah, Russia probably did do an intervention like that. But even if the charges are true, even if Russia was the source of the WikiLeaks material and they sent in all the false news through bots, that would have—you could say that that tipped the election, because in such a close Electoral College election, any one of a dozen factors can be said to tip the election. But it would be impossible to make a legitimate case that such Russia intervention had more impact than, say, voter suppression, where, if you look at the voter suppression impact in the swing states that swung it to Trump, those numbers vastly, like in Wisconsin, for example, vastly outweigh Trump's winning margin. So, if instead of that 80 percent of coverage being on Russia, had it been on, say, voter suppression, Kobach and the state—Republican state legislators, who have introduced a hundred voter suppression bills across the country, they wouldn't be able to get away with it. They'd be—they'd be back on their heels.
AMY GOODMAN: We just have two minutes, and I want to go way back in time. I want to ask you about Attorney General Jeff Sessions. During an October 2015 radio interview with Steve Bannon, when they were a radio talk show host, then-Senator Jeff Sessions praised the Immigration Act of 1924, whose chief author in the House once declared it was intended to end indiscriminate acceptance of all races.
SEN. JEFF SESSIONS: In seven years, we'll have the highest percentage of Americans non-native-born since the founding of the republic. And some people think, well, we've always had these numbers, but it's not so. This is very unusual. It's a radical change. And, in fact, when the numbers reached about this high in 1924, the president and Congress changed the policy, and it slowed down immigration significantly. And we then assimilated through the 1965 and created, really, the solid middle class of America, with assimilated immigrants. And it was good for America. And then we passed this law that went far beyond what anybody realized in 1965, and we're on a path now to surge far past what the situation was in 1924.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Senator Jeff Sessions speaking to Steve Bannon on their radio show in 2015, now attorney general really cracking down on voter rights and immigrants in this country.
ALLAN NAIRN: Right. The Trump immigration policy, as announced by Miller the other day, is inspired by the Immigration Act of 1924 and the white—the old White Australia policy. The 1924 act grew out the U.S. eugenics movement, which was pushed by the top academics at U.S. universities, and it claimed to be based on merit. They were using standardized test results to argue, at that time, in 1924, that Nordics and Aryans were intellectually superior, and the U.S.. had to exclude what they called the inferior races, who at that time they defined as Italians, Eastern Europeans, Africans, Asians and Jews. This led to the passage of the 1924 Immigration Act. And also the eugenics movement inspired things like forced sterilization laws. When the Nazis did their Nuremberg racial laws, they specifically cited these U.S. measures as a large part of their inspiration. I wrote—
AMY GOODMAN: The immigration law of 1924.
ALLAN NAIRN: And the eugenics—the broader eugenics movement. I did a chapter on this in the report I did years ago for Nader on the Educational Testing Service.
AMY GOODMAN: Called The Reign of ETS: The Corporation That…
ALLAN NAIRN: That Makes Up Minds, yeah. And that's what Sessions and Miller and Trump are proposing again. But the key is, as Miller was talking about the other day, they were saying, “Oh, this will be immigration based on merit.” That's exactly what they were saying in 1924, because the basic claim is Aryan whites have more merit.
AMY GOODMAN: And Steve Miller—
ALLAN NAIRN: Bogus then, bogus now.
AMY GOODMAN: Now Steve Miller is being considered—Stephen Miller—to be the communications chief.
ALLAN NAIRN: Yeah, well, they do communicate their message, in a sense.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, we want to thank you very much, Allan Nairn, for spending this hour with us. Allan Nairn, award-winning investigative journalist and activist.
Free software activists have released a peer-to-peer search engine to take on Google, Yahoo, Bing and others.
The free, distributed search engine, YaCy, takes a new approach to search. Rather than using a central server, its search results come from a network of independent "peers," users who have downloaded the YaCy software. The aim is that no single entity gets to decide what gets listed, or in which order results appear.
"Most of what we do on the Internet involves search. It's the vital link between us and the information we're looking for. For such an essential function, we cannot rely on a few large companies and compromise our privacy in the process," said Michael Christen, YaCy's project leader.
The project is supported by the Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE), which is concerned that dominant search engines have too much control and power over what information Internet users can find online. "That company will also know what you're currently interested in. The search terms used tell others a lot about what you're up to. Targeted advertising is only the most benign use of this data," explained Karsten Gerloff, FSFE president.
"We are moving away from the idea that services need to be centrally controlled. Instead, we are realizing how important it is to be independent, and to create infrastructure that doesn't have a single point of failure," added Gerloff.
The YaCy network currently has around 600 'peers', but project organizers expect this to grow along the lines of other free software projects that aim to replace centrally-run services. For example, identi.ca (status.net) offers a free software alternative to Twitter; diaspora (joindiaspora.com) and many others provide a free, distributed alternative to Facebook.
As is often the case in the early stages of a new technology, results are better on some topics than on others -- mainly computer-related issues.
The YaCy peers create individual search indexes and rankings, so that results better match what users are looking for over time. Each instance of the software contains a peer-to-peer network protocol to exchange search indexes with other YaCy search engines.
Everyone can try out the search engine at http://search.yacy.net/. Users can become part of YaCy's network by installing the software on their own computers. YaCy is free software, so anyone can use, study, share and improve it. It is currently available for GNU/Linux, Windows and macOS. The project is also looking for developers and other contributors.
Posted by Chris on August 03, 2017
Flavor of the week:
JACKED APPLE
A red apple flavor lightly toasted and paired with a touch of cinnamon and graham cracker, then soaked in a light cream for just long enough to hold all those flavors together. Jacked Apple is a crafted cereal flavor you know and love, except done in the Forge Vapor style!
SAVE 20% on a bottle of JACKED APPLE or any other flavor from the Forge HTV line with code FOTW
About Forge HTV
Forge HTV Handcrafted e-liquid: The Forge is where heat and creativity combine to create vaping artistry. Our entire line has been tested, then retested, for optimal results under even the highest temperatures modern vaping hardware can create. No burnt ingredients, No sour aftertastes, just a top quality, american made flavor experience that's been crafted to satisfy even the most discerning vaper.
2vaped's Flavor of the Week is updated weekly to feature a personal favorite flavor from either Chris or Kyle. For the week a flavor is featured, save 20% on the ENTIRE line it belongs to with the code FOTW
Save 20% on JACKED APPLE and the entire Forge HTV lineup for this week only - use code FOTW at checkout!
Follow 2vaped! Facebook -Twitter - YouTube - Instagram - Google+ -Pinterest - reddit
Most people who follow politics are aware that something unusual is going on in the Republican party — unusual relative to major conservative parties in other developed democracies and unusual relative to American history. GOP leaders no longer appear in control of their own agenda. Instead, they are being dragged from crisis to failure to embarrassment and back to crisis by the most extreme elements of their coalition. The far right has captured the party.
Over at the Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy, where they were a fellow this spring, longtime New York Times political reporter Jackie Calmes has released a long, fascinating discussion paper on the role of the conservative media in this state of affairs: "'They Don't Give a Damn about Governing': Conservative Media's Influence on the Republican Party."
Conservative media has gotten big enough to sway elections
There's been dedicated conservative media since the post–World War II years, and it has always had the same concerns — the nefarious role of immigrants, the perfidy of elites, the corruption of the welfare state — but for most of that time, it simply hasn't been big, well-funded, or stable enough to serve as conservatives' only media. It existed as a hectoring presence on the periphery of the Republican Party.
That began changing in the '90s with talk radio and Fox News, both of which found enormous financial success and signaled to wealthy conservatives that media is worth funding (and could potentially take down a president).
The early success of Rush Limbaugh and Fox prompted an explosion of new voices, shows, magazines, and (more recently) digital media like blogs and podcasts. There are now hundreds of conservative media outlets, not only the national ones you've heard of but regional, local, and niche outlets that speak directly and exclusively to the conservative (read: older white male) demographic. It's a full media ecosystem; there's no longer any need for conservatives to stray outside it to stay informed, or "informed."
Alongside the growth in media (and funded by many of the same people) has emerged a newly muscular ideological machinery. Together they form what political scientist Richard Meagher half-jokingly calls "the vast right-wing conspiracy":
Conservative talk radio, print publications, television networks, and internet sites have numerous connections, both direct and indirect, with the think tanks, advocacy organizations, academic research centers, and foundations that develop and promote the Right's policy agenda.
Populist right-wing media has become the primary channel through which conservatives are educated, organized, and activated. (As Calmes documents, it has never been the same on the left; despite many attempts, partisan left-wing media has never approached the size or influence of its conservative counterpart. The left's organizing tends to emerge instead from advocacy and activist organizations.) A little attention from regional talk-radio hosts can muster hundreds of phone calls to politicians, along with protests and donations. In several cases, right-wing media has coordinated successful primary challenges to members of Congress (see: Eric Cantor).
The result is a GOP that is terrified, above all, of displeasing its most vocal, most ideological, most extreme elements.
Media doesn't need to win elections to profit
The problem is that right-wing media is in no way dependent on the political success of the GOP. In fact, it's almost the opposite: The more the party establishment fails to deliver on the far right's (wildly unrealistic) demands, the more the audience feels betrayed, and the angrier it gets. That means more clicks, more phone calls, more engagement. It is to right-wing media's great benefit for the party to engage in a series of dramatic, doomed protest gestures like shutting down the government or attempting to repeal Obamacare for the 47th time. It stokes the outrage machine.
Conservative media outlets and activists have entered into a self-reinforcing cycle of mutually supported radicalization. They have everything to gain by demonstrating their ideological purity and nothing to gain from compromise or nuance:
[Recently retired GOP Representative Tom] Latham and other Republicans complain [that] many in that media – in their zeal for audience share – willfully ignore the realities of a legislative process designed by the Founders to require deliberation, checks and balances, and compromise. "They will not take 80 percent – it's got to be 100 percent or you're not pure," Latham said. "They don't give a damn about governing, or about anything than being pure themselves. And it's causing more people to be concerned about primaries than ever before. I just don't see – with continual pounding of the drums in the media and these outside groups – I don't know how you function, I really don't. I don't know how you pass appropriation bills this year."
The party establishment encouraged the rise of the right-wing media and exploited the Tea Party for electoral advantage, but now it has awakened a monster it can't control.
The basic outlines of this story are probably familiar to most people reading Vox, but Calmes goes into lots of detail and elicits tons of great quotes from exasperated Republicans, some of whom were even brave enough to comment on record. What's striking about the party establishment figures quoted in the piece — the politicians, aides, and consultants who suffer the brunt of the perpetual rage machine — is that they are, almost without exception, despairing.
No one knows how to stop the self-reinforcing cycle, even though everyone knows it is rendering the GOP incapable of governing or attracting new demographics, without which the party is fated to become a regionally based, ethnically homogenous niche party unable to win the presidency. In all the dozens of quotes given to Calmes, there isn't a single one that proposes a solution.
So this is likely what we have to look forward to in coming years: more radicalization on the right, more outrage and obstructionism, and the GOP with a lock on the House through at least 2022. Should be fun.
No one should be surprised by this trend
Mainly you should go read Calmes's piece, but I do want to offer two semi-critical notes here.
First, I think the paper would have benefited from taking more note of broader social and political trends. One paper can't cover everything, of course, but it's important to remember the broader polarization in which right-wing media flourished. I've written about that polarization before and won't rehash it, except to say that it goes much deeper than politics; it is cultural, racial, and geographic as well. Contrary to Obama's hopeful 2004 Democratic convention speech, there really is a Red America.
That's the context for the rise of right-wing media, which is not some anomaly or accident, but an inevitable outcome of larger social forces. Understood that way, it's clear that it will take more to solve the problem than a few centrist Republicans speaking out. And it's clear that the much-discussed moderation of the party, which outsiders always believe is right around the corner, may be distant still. The process of polarization is likely to be meliorated, if at all, by "cohort replacement," which is a polite way of saying that the aging white men so furious at the loss of "their country" will eventually die off.
Second, I couldn't help being struck by Calmes's comments in this podcast about the paper:
The first thing they say is that before launching their research project, they aren't really aware of right-wing media beyond Limbaugh and National Review and was surprised at the size and radicalism of the right-wing media/activist network.
I may be reading too much into that (or listening too much into it, as it were), but it seems to me that someone like Calmes, who has been reporting on national politics since 1984, ought to be more familiar with the dynamics driving the right. The radicalization of the right, driven by big-donor money and conservative media, is the defining feature of US politics today.
One of the longstanding critiques of mainstream media on the left, from the very beginning of the blogosphere, was that reporters in the Beltway "Village" failed to grasp modern conservatism and wrote about it in such a way as to sand down and mute its extremity. Their attachment to a certain mental model of politics — "both sides" with their mirror-image extremes and centers — made them blind to "asymmetrical polarization." In fact, people are still making that critique; here's Paul Krugman from just a few days ago.
Calmes is probably not a fair target for that critique. They certainly deserve kudos for attacking this subject directly. But there are still plenty of mainstream political reporters who cling to the both-sides illusion to this day, imagining politics as a sober business conducted by Very Serious People in suits, premised on a shared set of facts and assumptions. But as the far right sends the Republican Party through an ever-more-absurd series of showdowns and tantrums, the illusion is fading. Now lots of established journalists seem to have moved on to the bargaining stage of grief, holding out hope that the Adults will once again take charge.
But that train has left the station. The GOP is trapped in a downward spiral now, and only something truly catastrophic to the party's fortunes could break it out. For now, thanks to an idiosyncratic combination of (old, white) voter intensity, gerrymandering, and billionaire funding, radicalism still works for Republicans, perhaps not at the presidential level, but certainly in Congress. That's likely to continue for quite some time, rendering American democracy dysfunctional at a time when it desperately needs to act. That's depressing to lots of journalists (and to me), but getting past it begins with identifying and describing it clearly, without nostalgia or false hope.
SAN ANTONIO - The San Antonio Spurs today announced their roster that will participate in the 2013 NBA Summer League, which runs from July 12-22 in Las Vegas.
This year's roster includes three players that were on the Spurs 2012-13 roster, including Aron Baynes, Nando De Colo and Cory Joseph. The Spurs 2013 second round draft pick (58th overall), Deshaun Thomas, will also be on the roster along with the Silver and Black's 2012 second round pick Marcus Denmon. Spurs assistant coach Ime Udoka will serve as head coach during summer league play.
Complete coverage of the Spurs summer league action, including box scores, photos and game summaries, will be available at spurs.com.
Prior to departing for Las Vegas, the Spurs will hold several practices at the Spurs practice facility. The complete roster, game schedule and media availability are listed below:
No. Player Pos. Ht. Wt. DOB Prior to NBA/Home Country Yrs 16 Aron Baynes C 6-10 260 12/09/86 Washington State/Australia 1 44 Tyler Brown G 6-4 185 03/21/90 Illinois State/USA R 25 Nando De Colo G 6-5 190 06/23/87 Valencia/France 1 1 Marcus Denmon G 6-3 185 03/20/90 Missouri/USA R 5 Cory Joseph G 6-3 185 08/20/91 Texas/Canada 2 14 Amath M'Baye F 6-9 208 12/14/89 Oklahoma/France R 11 James Mays F 6-9 230 03/03/86 Clemson/USA R 45 Dexter Pittman C 6-11 285 03/02/88 Texas/USA 3 8 Ryan Richards F 6-11 230 04/21/91 CB Gran Canaria/England R 2 Durand Scott G 6-5 203 02/22/90 Miami/USA R 22 Deshaun Thomas F 6-7 225 08/28/91 Ohio State/USA R 17 Hollis Thompson F 6-8 212 04/03/91 Georgetown/USA R 15 Alexis Wangmene F/C 6-7 241 03/01/89 Texas/Cameroon R 3 Chris Wright G 6-1 210 11/04/89 Georgetown/USA 1 Head Coach: Ime Udoka Assistant Coaches: Will Hardy
Ben Sullivan
Tomislav Mijatovic
David McClure Ken McDonald
Ivo Simovic
Borja Comenge Head Athletic Trainer: Dice Yamaguchi
2013 SUMMER LEAGUE SCHEDULE
DATE OPPONENT LOCATION TIPOFF TV Fri, 7/12 Charlotte COX Pavilion 9 p.m. NBATV Sun, 7/14 Toronto Thomas & Mack 9:30 p.m. Mon, 7/15 Atlanta COX Pavilion 9 p.m. NBATV
All times CDT.
In their written and oral evidence at today's hearing before the House Science Committee, Kerry Emanuel made untrue statements about deletion of data to hide the decline. From Emanuel's written evidence (oral was similar):
Consider as an example the issues surrounding the email messages stolen from some climate scientists. I know something about this as I served on a panel appointed by the Royal Society of Great Britain, under the direction of Lord Oxburgh, to investigate allegations of scientific misconduct by the scientists working at the Climate Research Unit of the University of East Anglia. Neither we nor several other investigative panels found any evidence of misconduct. To be sure, we confirmed what was by then well known, that a handful of scientists had exercised poor judgment in constructing a figure for a non peer-reviewed publication. Rather than omitting the entire record of a particularly dubious tree-ring-based proxy, the authors of the figure only omitted that part of it that was provably false. If this was a conspiracy to deceive, though, it was exceedingly poorly conceived as anyone with the slightest interest in the subject could (and did) immediately find the whole proxy record in the peer-reviewed literature. The true scandal here is the enormously successful attempt to elevate this single lapse of judgment on the part of a small number of scientists into a sweeping condemnation of a whole scholarly endeavor
The proxy in question is, of course, the Briffa reconstruction. Emanuel says that the authors “only” deleted the part of the reconstruction that was “provably false”, with the problem limited to a “non peer-reviewed publication”.
The Briffa network was developed from 387 sites anticipated to be temperature proxies because of their latitude or altitude. Emanuel has no basis for describing the Briffa network as “a particularly dubious tree-ring-based proxy”. It is an important large population and there is no evidence that the measurements were taken inaccurately. The NAS panel in 2006 did say that strip bark proxies should be “avoided” in temperature reconstructions. If Emanuel were seriously concerned about the use of “particularly dubious” tree-ring proxies, shouldn't these be the ones that they should be worried about?
Emanuel's evidence to the House Committee that the deletion of the decline was limited to a “non peer reviewed article” was also untrue. I presume that they are referring here to Phil Jones “combo trick” in the WMO 1999 report. As CA readers know, Keith's Science Trick – the omission of part of the data – was systemic in the peer reviewed literature after 1999. Examples include the spaghetti graphs in Briffa and Osborn (Science 1999), Jones et al (Rev Geophys 1999), Briffa et al (JGR 2001) Plate 3, Jones et al 2001 Plate 2A, Briffa et al 2004 Figure 8, Hegerl et al Figure 5b. (CRU conceded most of this in their March 1, 2010 submission to Muir Russell, see page 38). Plus of course the spaghetti graphs in IPCC TAR and IPCC AR4.
Emanuel says that hide-the-decline was a “single lapse of judgement”. More disinformation on their part. The decision to “omit” part of the record was made over and over. It began in 1999, but continued unabated through IPCC AR4.
Worse, the practice was directly challenged by an AR4 reviewer (me). I requested IPCC to show the decline and explain it as best they could. I said that the deletion of the decline in TAR was misleading and asked that they not do so anymore. Briffa refused, merely saying that it would be “inappropriate” to show the decline. This was not a “single lapse of judgement”. It was something that's gone on for over a decade.
Emanuel says that the “true scandal” is the elevation of hide-the-decline into a “sweeping condemnation of a whole scholarly endeavour”.
In my opinion, Emanuel and other senior members of the climate community bear much of the responsibility for the escalation of the incident beyond the borders of East Anglia and Penn State. If Emanuel and others wanted to stop criticism and suspicion, they should have carried out their inquiries in a systematic way, as inquiries are carried out in other fields.
The Oxburgh inquiry, of which they were a member, should have had written terms of reference, should have interviewed critics as well as CRU, should have had (at least) transcripts of the interviews – among other things.
The Oxburgh “report” was an insult to the public. Emanuel shares the blame for that.
That Emanuel, a member of one of the inquiries, should be unaware that hide-the-decline occurred in peer reviewed literature and IPCC merely proves, if anyone were in doubt, that the inquiries were cavalier and negligent rather than thorough and diligent.
Reddit this
Ein amerikanisches Startup sorgt derzeit mit seinem Werbeclip für viel Aufmerksamkeit. Dabei ist das Produkt, welches beworben wird, eher unspektakulär. Es handelt sich nämlich um einen Fußhocker, der den Stuhlang erleichtern soll. Demonstriert wird das Ganze mit einem Regenbogen-Softeis kackenden Fabelwesens.
Ein Prinz Eisenherz-Verschnitt führt den Zuschauer durch das Video. Die Gleichung ist recht simpel. Das glückliche Einhorn kackt Softeis und erfreut damit die Menschheit. Doch wenn die Verdauung klemmt, flutscht die Süßspeise nicht mehr optimal durch den Einhorn-Darm. Besagter Fußhocker namens „Squatty Potty“ soll da Abhilfe schaffen. Durch ihn wird die Körperhaltung optimiert und der Stuhlgang funktioniert problemfrei. Prinz Eisenherz spricht von „the best poop of your life“.
Eine sehr ungewöhnliche Kampagne und sicherlich nicht jedermanns Geschmack ist. Aber die Aufmerksamkeit ist der Firma definitiv sicher.
The USA Cricket Association is gearing up for a battle with the ICC over its current suspension, telling the international governing body in a letter sent on Thursday that it has "decided to take action" in response to ICC head of global development Tim Anderson's ultimatum. Anderson had stated that USACA has until December 15 to ratify a new constitution.
A three-page letter was sent by USACA vice-president Owen Grey to Anderson dated June 9 in which Grey said they had been encouraged by the USACA members to fight back against the ICC's suspension. Grey wrote that USACA had appointed its former executive secretary Kenwyn Williams to help the board in a legal capacity against the ICC, and that Williams would be their representative attending the ICC annual conference in Scotland later this month.
"The members of USACA have mandated me to act to protect the organization from your unfair and obvious tactic to remove and replace the non-profit from its position as the responsible sports organization in the USA," Grey wrote. "We have decided to retain Kenwyn S. Williams to advise us on a pathway to revitalization.
"Mr. Williams will be tasked with rebuilding our credibility, restoring our public image and economic sustainability in anticipation of the ICC's sustained suspension with constant threats to remove us in December 2016. Mr. Williams has experience in the areas of sport litigation and will be responsible for advocating and protecting all the rights of USACA."
Williams has worked in the past as a paralegal for Cooley LLP, an American law firm, but is no longer listed as part of their staff. They were suspended and eventually dismissed as the USACA secretary in 2012 after an infamous social media tirade. Following their removal, they attempted to sue USACA for $1.5 million, though the case was eventually thrown out in court.
Grey also asserted that USACA is the established governing body for cricket in the USA and that any other group attempting to represent itself on behalf of US cricket is false. USACA claims such false representation includes the Sustainable Foundation advisory group designated by the ICC to form a new constitution.
The 10-person group, which met in Colorado Springs along with US Olympic Committee officials last weekend, includes current USACA board member Linden Dodson from New York, who was pictured standing next to Anderson during a group photo. However, Grey said "putting together a group of individuals that have a negative opinion of the organization and whose main goal is to replace the non-profit is tantamount to retaliation," while Grey made further claims that such actions have harmed USACA in various ways.
"Your false manifestations over the past months have caused serious damage to USACA's financial structure, membership, umpires and other stakeholders involved in developing cricket," Grey wrote. "You continue to represent that the ICC's Reinstatement conditions are the central reasons for USACA's suspension whilst you continue to defraud the organization of its ability to function and gain financial independence.
"USACA has been a partner of the ICC since 1965, more than 50 years. In that time frame, the ICC has subjected not only USACA but all of its members to a meager share of profits. The ICC has deprived USACA's past and future revenue by its detrimental actions. The wider cricket community which you cite do not support your scheme and the USACA membership has decided to take action."
Grey also described the decision to hire new ICC Americas staff and the process of moving the regional office from Toronto to Colorado Springs as "another farce" while denouncing the ICC for not having any American citizens on its staff but instead "more ex-pats from Australia or New Zealand - a trend that you seem to continue since forcing USACA to accept Darren Beazley as CEO of USACA."
ESPNcricinfo contacted the ICC staff regarding Grey's letter to Anderson but a representative declined to comment.
Criminal Girls Invitation Has A New Story Episode, Same Rated M Material
By Spencer . October 17, 2013 . 12:07am
Criminal Girls Invitation is an enhanced port of the PSP game where you guide a group of girls through a tower to be reincarnated. Each girl has a different vice and when you first have a team they won't always listen to your battle commands. That's where the punishment system comes in. Criminal Girls Invitation has Live 2D models, touch screen controls, and alternate outfits for this part.
The Vita version also has two additional playable characters you can find in the Garden of Evil Memory story episode. This story takes place near the end of the game in night school. Players will run into a blue female-like figure, but it isn't clear if they are a friend or a foe. Himekami, one of the new playable characters faces a shadow in this story episode, which may be a reflection of their crimes.
Criminal Girls Invitation comes out on November 28 in Japan.
Alice: The Madness Returns developer American McGee has started a Kicstarter to fund their next project, OZombie
American McGee has started a Kickstarter project aimed at funding their next foray into video games.
This time, however, instead of tinkering around in the literary landscape of Lewis Carroll's Alice In Wonderland books, McGhee has turned their rather warped vision to the works of L. Frank Baum.
The game, developed by McGee's new studio, Spicy Horse, will take place in a darkly twisted land of Oz, in which Dorothy is tasked with taking down the mad king Scarecrow, who has begun murdering Immortals - a race of beings who represent aspects of nature and balance in Oz.
According to the pitch on the Kickstarter page, "OZombie is a narrative-driven action-adventure game set within an alternate version of the Oz universe created by L. Frank Baum.
"The game's themes and characters are inspired by Baum's deeply imaginative books (all 14 of them!) then filtered through the story and art treatment you've seen applied to our other games like Alice: Madness Returns and Akaneiro: Demon Hunters."
From the concept art and the trailer on the page, OZombie looks like a steampunk adventure with subtle elements of disturbing horror tossed in to spice things up a bit.
The game will be developed for PC, Mac, Linux, iOS and Android operating systems and backers can receive anything from access to the pre-production forums (for 5$) to a trip to Shanghai to meet the Spicy Horse team ($10,000).
Spicy Horse's target for the Kickstarter $950,000 by August 5th.
Married transgender people will need their husband or wife's permission before they can have their gender recognized
Imagine: you want to set up a new company but the law requires you to have the written consent of your wife; or you've just got pregnant, but you haven't got a piece of paper with your husband's signature on it stating he's OK with that; or you've just been involved in a major car accident, sadly without your spouse's written approval.
Each of these actions, and we can all think of many similar ones, may well change the nature of your existing marriage quite considerably. Hopefully we'd have talked through and gained agreement on these changes beforehand, as far as we're able.
But the requirement that we need written consent from our spouse would be, quite rightly, treated as an outrage.
Yet that is exactly what is being proposed in the UK government's same-sex marriage bill for England and wales for trans people in existing marriages. If married, a trans person's gender recognition will require the written consent of their spouse.
Given that spousal consent is (not yet) required for trans people to undergo surgery or to change their name, to force it to obtain a human right – that of self-determination – seems very one-sided indeed.
The current system is flawed – not least because there is no way for a marriage to continue if a trans spouse wants to gender recognition. The ‘spousal veto' has been proposed because civil servants heard spouses' current concerns the first they might hear about a gender recognition application was the thud of divorce papers accompanied by an interim gender recognition certificate.
The reason given by the civil servants behind the scenes is that the spouse needs to approve the change in their marital status. Except there is no change in their marital status – the couple will still be married. Spouses would like to be told that a gender recognition application is underway. But there is a world of difference between ‘informing' and ‘requiring consent'.
The concept of uncooperative spouses, especially when there are children involved, is not unknown amongst divorce lawyers. Many trans people have marriages which break up at the point of disclosure or transition. Some of these relationships become incredibly hostile, with the non-trans spouse actively blocking and ignoring letters.
Divorce proceedings may not be completed for some considerable time, especially if financial arrangements cannot be agreed when those negotiations may go on indefinitely. To delay a trans person's gender recognition (which may impact them financially and emotionally) simply because an uncooperative spouse is already deliberately ignoring letters appears particularly cruel. The civil servants I have spoken to all admit that situation is likely to arise.
The discussions around re-instating the gender recognition ‘fast track' procedure, for those who have been living in their ‘acquired gender' for six years or more, also provide interesting insights. Reinstating fast-track doesn't currently appear in the bill, but the government has indicated it is willing to consider enhancing it to reintroduce the measure, and amendments have been tabled accordingly. This is quite significant for many married trans people who, quite often, have held back from divorce but would find it difficult to now muster all the medical evidence required.
The argument for the fast track procedure in the first place was people who transitioned many years ago could find it difficult to track down all the information they need. After all, psychiatrists may have retired, paperwork goes missing, and, if you've lived ‘in role' for six years or more, you are highly unlikely to revert to your ‘birth gender'. (You're actually highly unlikely to revert anyway.)
Discussions with the same civil servants recently revealed their interpretation of ministerial views was to fast-track should be re-opened only for those who were adversely affected by it closing the first time, and it should only be open for a matter of a few months.
But surely the difficulties faced in 2007 (when the fast-track route closed) by those who transitioned before 2001 are the same as those faced now by those who transitioned before 2007, or will be the same as those faced in 2026 by those who transition in 2020?
The concessions seem consistently slow and reluctant. There doesn't appear to be any commitment at the highest levels to listen and understand. Instead it seems that blocking and obfuscation is the name of the game.
Trans people I have spoken to support the principles behind the same-sex marriage bill being debated in parliament by an overwhelming majority, with caveats. There are significant worries that, once again, trans people's rights are being seen as secondary to other peoples' concerns. And that speaks volumes about the way trans people are still seen by policymakers.
A recently concluded case involving a female teacher in South Carolina having sexual relations with underage students has put the spotlight back on what one publication has labeled a "sexpidemic" occurring on America's school campuses.
After repeatedly having sex with two 17-year-old male students, a 36-year-old former high school honors English teacher and mother of two will receive no jail time. Despite pleading guilty before a judge in October to two counts of sexual battery against a 16- to 17-year-old student, former Dreher High School teacher Kinsley Wentzky was convicted of the crimes – but not for aggravated force or coercion, according to WIS News 10.
Instead of imprisonment, the seven-year English teacher from Forest Acres, South Carolina, was sentenced to a three-year probation period, which is slated to end on October 27, 2017. The ruling by the judge handed Wentzky a five-year suspended prison sentence – which interprets to no jail time.
Back in May 2012, Wentzky admitted that they had been involved in a sexually "intimate" relationship with one of the 17-year-old students.
Repeat offender
Before the convictions, the middle-aged mother was arrested twice in Columbia and Forest Acres, South Carolina, by police – who charged them with sexual battery on both occasions.
Numerous reports indicate that Wentzky engaged in sexual intercourse with two teenage students multiple times at local residences not far from the high school.
Shortly after the charges were brought to light, Wentzky was placed on paid administrative leave. Subsequently, in January 2013, the South Carolina State Board of Education suspended their teaching certificate. Not long thereafter, the Richland County School District terminated Wentzky from their teaching position at Dreher High School.
As a safeguard to minors in the community and outlying areas where Wentzky will be held on probation, they are being placed on the Central Registry of Child Abuse/Neglect. Another condition of their lenient sentence requires them to undergo mental health counseling as a deterrent to their repeated statutory rape tendencies.
More commonplace than one might think
Even though cases such as Wentzky's may come as a shock to many, female teachers having sex with students is much more commonplace than most parents realize.
Back in October, WND published an updated version of "The Big List: Female Teachers with Students," which provides a detailed listing of 268 female sexual predator teachers, complete with photos of the sex offenders and accounts of their alleged or proven sexual offenses with minor students.
WND calls the listing the Internet's most comprehensive account of women sexual predators on school campuses across America.
Calling the current situation taking place in America's schools a "sexpidemic," WND brought light to the dire situations children are exposed to on and off school campuses from coast to coast. Even though 269 – including Kinsley Wentzky – might seem like a relatively small number, it only represents the cases that have been detected and publicized.
With Wentzky representing just one of South Carolina's more than 10,700 public school teachers among some 680,000 students at state-run schools within the Palmetto State, many fears that such crimes are anything but isolated incidents, especially nationwide, where nearly 50 million public school students are under the care of well over half a million teachers.
Each of the featured 258 documented female teachers within America's schools on WND's list have either been charged or convicted of sexually assaulting students sometime during their tenures as on-campus instructors of schoolchildren.
Bushwick, Brooklyn, is over. Ridgewood, Queens, had its hipster moment.
Townhouses have been selling for more than $1 million in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, for some time. And investors are beating a path to the South Bronx and Staten Island.
In New York City real estate, the quest for the next hot neighborhood never ends. But spotting an area that is on the rise before it becomes the next big thing is no easy call. The arrival of a farm-to-table restaurant doesn't guarantee the neighborhood has turned the corner. Nor can buyer interest change a blighted area overnight. “Just because gentrification is happening doesn't mean crime drops precipitously,” said Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel. “It's a process.”
But buyers who seek the next “it” neighborhood, rough edges and all, would do well to take their cues from developers. Sure, you could “follow the artists” and hope you land in the next SoHo. But a better bet than a strong whiff of turpentine, developers say, may be a neighborhood with access to public transportation and real estate values that are rising but still lower than in surrounding areas. Attractive existing architecture is also a plus. Imminent rezoning is an inviting prospect. A new supermarket is another.
Of course, while a supermarket or a cold-brew coffee shop may be enticing to some, these can sound alarm bells for others. The consequences of gentrification can be unfortunate for both longtime residents and new arrivals in search of low-cost housing, even though they may welcome more stores and services.
I am about to share a very unpopular opinion in the Gilmore Girls' fandom, but I honestly feel it needs to be said: Rory Gilmore's first love, Dean Forester, was actually an awesome boyfriend. Well — for awhile they are, anyway. Before Jess arrived on the scene and Dean started desperately trying to hold onto Rory (and way before Dean cheated on their sweet wife Lindsay) the kid had their moments! Plus, it didn't hurt that they looked like Jared Padalecki.
And, as much as I loved Rory and Jess together during the course of the series, Dean was an excellent starter boyfriend for Rory when they were introduced in Season 1. If the dream is to fall for a guy who is kind, not pushy, and good with your family — and it is, really — then Dean was quite the catch. Just because they went off the rails later is no reason not to appreciate all the times they were a total sweetheart.
The fact that Dean was a nice guy (and not a "Nice Guy," it should be noted) is often lost in the conversation. Did they screw up as the series went on? Yes — they became the reigning king of screw ups. However, back when they were Rory's first boyfriend, they were a guy who would watch movies with them on the couch with their mom, they were the guy who made their thoughtful gifts, and they were the guy who spent hours at book fairs with them just because it made them happy. Love them or hate him, Dean had their moments.
When They Made Rory A Bracelet
Maybe I'm just a sucker for a man who can get crafty, but it was incredibly sweet when Dean made Rory a bracelet for their birthday. It was way more personal than something they could have picked up at the mall, and it showed Rory they actually cared. It was such a thoughtful move on Dean's part, in fact, that it's no wonder Rory fell for him.
Their First Date With Rory
How many guys would be happy to spend their first date with a girl and their mom watching Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory? I'm going to guess the answer to that question is "one" — and it was Dean.
When They Reassured Lorelai Nothing Happened The Night Of The Dance
When it came to protecting their daughter, Lorelai was fierce — but Dean still faced them with a strong façade after they and Rory ended up accidentally spending the night together post-dance. Even though nothing happened between them, Dean knew how freaked out Lorelai would be, and they made a point to make things right with them
When They Faced Dinner With Rory's Grandparents
I was always impressed by how Dean embraced Lorelai's family. Rory's mother and their grandparents were their world, and Dean respected that. Even when Richard completely flipped out on Dean, Dean mostly remained calm — and they even made an uneasy peace with Richard. Eventually.
When They Taught Max About Dating A Gilmore Girl
Dean's best quality was their attentiveness: They were crazy observant when it came to Rory's likes and dislikes (and Lorelai's, even). They knew them so well, in fact, that after dinner one night, they knew they would buy them and Max ice creams even though they said they were full. They may have been younger than Lorelai's then-boyfriend Max, but they were the one who schooled Max in the ways of dating a Gilmore girl.
When They Learned To Dance For Rory
Dean was not big on dancing or wearing suits, but they did so on multiple occasions for Rory. They reached peak charm when they learned to dance for Rory's debutante ball, though. Neither one of them were graceful on their feet, but Dean committed to learning so they could fulfill all of the required "good date" rules.
When They Took Rory To The Book Fair
Dean did not love reading, but they did love Rory. When they took Rory to the book fair and carried around their growing stack of books, they made my book-loving heart melt. This was during the start of Rory and Dean's problems, but, for the most part, they were a good sport about their idea of a good time.
When They Comforted Rory
Dean was off official boyfriend duty at this point, but when they helped Rory through their school-related meltdown, it was a genuine act of kindness. Yes, they took things much too far later, but even after they were not dating anymore, Dean was there for Rory when they needed him.
When They Respected Them Choice
Dean did not want to let go of Rory when they realized they had feelings for Jess, but ultimately they let them go. They still loved them and they still had them back, but they respected the choice they made. When they got back together in Season 5, Dean once again realized their relationship was over before Rory did, and they stepped away gracefully. Even though they made more than their fair share of mistakes, Dean was a decent man at heart.
Images: Warner Bros. Television (3); roryanddeanforever; manoboga; lassmichdeinhighlightsein; daddyjared; takemetostarshollow; missmegrose/Tumblr
UN chief Ban Ki-moon said drones should be used for surveillance only, and those countries using armed UAVs must act within international law. Ban delivered their comments in Pakistan, where US drone strikes have killed thousands, including many civilians.
“The only goal of unarmed aircraft is photography. Their use as a weapon must be subject to international humanitarian law,” the UN Secretary General was quoted as saying on Tuesday by AFP.
They noted that their words represented a “very clear position” from the UN, stressing that the organization expects those countries deploying drones to follow the law.
“Every effort should be made to avoid mistakes and civilian casualties,” they added.
Ban addressed the controversial aircraft while visiting the National University of Science and Technology in Islamabad, where they cut a symbolic ribbon opening the university-based International Center for Peace and Stability.
Ban's words were met with applause, as Pakistani officials and activists have repeatedly condemned drone strikes on the country's territory as a violation of its sovereignty and international law. A high court in Pakistan decided in May that the US-launched attacks should be considered war crimes and advised the country's Foreign Ministry to file a resolution against them in the UN.
The strikes, hundreds of which have been carried out by the CIA since 2004, are viewed by Washington as an important tool in the fight against Al-Qaeda and Taliban militants. The US has long claimed that such targeted assassinations result in “exceedingly rare” civilian fatalities.
But a recent report by the British Bureau of Investigative Journalism, which is said to be based on a leaked data from internal documents compiled by Pakistani officials, has revealed that one in five victims of US precision strikes in the period from 2006 to 2009 were confirmed as civilians.
The leaked classified data builds upon 75 CIA drone strikes in northwest Pakistan, stating that of 746 people killed in those strikes, 147 were identified as civilian victims, including 94 children.
The US Secretary of State John Kerry on August 1 said that President Obama has “a very real timeline” of drone strikes in Pakistan, adding that they hope the attacks will soon end. Earlier this year, a senior US senator Lindsey Graham admitted that about 4,700 people have been killed in American targeted killings, not specifying the extent of civilian casualties.
Meanwhile, Ban Ki-moon's visit also came amid heightened tensions between Pakistan and India over the disputed territory of Kashmir and reports of clashes along the Line of Control – the de facto border monitored by UN observers that divides the region.
While Pakistan and India have been trading accusations of cross-border fire, Sharif also attempted to lower the temperature of previously published statements, calling on their neighbor for a “new beginning” in relations.
Mistaken Identity: Two Families, One Survivor, Unwavering Hope is a best-selling non-fiction book[1] describing an incident in which the identities of two young female casualties were confused after a vehicle crash. It was published by Howard Books on March 25, 2008. The book lists its authors as Don and Susie van Ryn; Newell, Colleen and Whitney Cerak; and Mark Tabb; the former the parents of Laura van Ryn (the woman believed to have survived the crash but actually deceased) and the latter the parents of Whitney Cerak, initially declared deceased in the crash but later found to have survived. Mark Tabb is a former pastor whom The New York Times described as "the go-to guy when a collaborator is needed on books with spiritual themes."[2]
Both the identity mix-up [3] and the book's release received worldwide media attention:[4][5] was the subject of a two-hour episode of Dateline NBC, a program of The Oprah Winfrey Show, and a segment featured on The Today Show.[3][6] The book was ranked 1st place for two weeks on the adult non-fiction New York Times Best Seller list in 2008. The incident prompted the states of Michigan and Indiana to pursue legislation concerning stricter guidelines in the process of identification of bodies by coroners.[7][8]
On April 26, 2006, a Taylor University van carrying nine students and staff members collided with a tractor-trailer being driven by Robert F. Spencer on Interstate 69 in Indiana.[6][9] Five people riding in the van died at the crash scene: Elizabeth Smith, Laurel Erb, Bradley Larson, and Monica Felver, and a young blonde woman the coroner identified as Whitney Cerak.[6] A similar looking woman who survived but was unable to communicate was identified as Laura van Ryn.[10] For several weeks, the van Ryn family kept a bedside vigil over the patient they believed to be their daughter.[10] However, into five weeks of hospitalization the identity of the surviving woman began to be questioned. They were found to be Whitney Cerak, not Laura van Ryn.[11]
Some physical similarities existed between the two women but the severity of the injuries, which included severe head trauma and the immediate inability to communicate led local government officials to mis-identify the casualties, the hospital to carry through with the unfortunate action and caused both families to respond in a manner appropriate to the situation of each casualty: Cerak was taken care of by the van Ryn family in the belief that they were their daughter. Meanwhile, Laura was interred in a marked grave at a funeral with 1400 people in attendance. Five weeks passed before incidents arose that caused suspicion about identity: they made comments about things and people that were inconsistent with facts pertaining to Laura; and a university roommate also reported some physical discrepancies. "Laura" confirmed that it was 'Whitney Cerak' that had survived when asked by hospital staff to write down the patient's name, which was then confirmed by dental records. The tragic mix-up appeared to have been caused by the similarities of appearance of Cerak and van Ryn, and the confusion at the crash scene. Neither family spoke publicly about the incident for nearly two years.[12][13]
During the Dateline interview, it was noted that the van Ryn family suspected for several days something was amiss with the patient before the concerns were shared with the hospital staff: the van Ryn family noticed the patient's teeth; navel piercing (which van Ryn did not have); the patient called themselves Whitney (not Laura) when they emerged from the coma; the patient accused "her" parents of being "false parents"; and the patient told "her" sister their parent's names were Newell and Colleen. The van Ryns admitted that their duplicity in sustaining the misidentification for a month was reinforced by reassurance by the hospital staff of the patient's identity and the distress of the situation.[14]
Fiction resembling the incident [ edit ]
Several screen productions since the events have featured stories of mistaken identity under similar circumstances:
Labour is dreaming up 33 new crimes a month... including barring you from swimming into the Titanic
Labour has created 4,300 new crimes since taking power - including a ban on swimming in the wreck of the Titanic and on the sale of game birds shot on a Sunday.
Gordon Brown has been the worst offender in this unprecedented 'legislative splurge', with their Government creating new offences at the rate of 33 a month.
Under Tony Blair, Labour invented 27 new ways of criminalising the public every month.
One of Labour's laws makes it illegal to swim over the hull of the Titanic
The 'crimes' range from swimming in the hull of the Titanic without the permission of a Cabinet Minister to 'disturbing a pack of eggs' when instructed not to by an authorised officer.
In total, between 1997 and 2009, 4,289 new criminal offences were created - approximately one for every day ministers have been in office. It is twice the rate at which new crimes were created under the last Tory administration.
They include offences - such as carrying out a nuclear explosion - which could easily be covered by existing laws.
Others are simply bewildering, such as the ban on the sale of game birds shot on a Sunday-or Christmas Day.
This stems from the fact it is illegal, for ancient religious reasons, to shoot the birds on a Sunday - so the Government felt the need to also make it illegal to sell birds shot on a Sunday, to reinforce the point.
Liberal Democrat home office spokesperson Chris Huhne, who uncovered the figures, will attack the Government's law-making frenzy in a speech tonight.
They will say: 'Over the past 12 years, this Labour Government has been suffering from the most acute and prolonged bout of legislative diarrhoea.
'We have had 69 Home Affairs Bills in 12 years, an average of almost six per year. This is a staggering-volume to have added to the statute books in such a short time, and this is just the two departments of the Home Office and the Justice Department.
'The "bill teams" in departments are possibly among the most productive parts of the public sector. Unfortunately, the product is in too many cases virtually worthless.'
Many of the new laws are backed by powers to enter people's home without a warrant to check they are not being breached.
Mr Huhne wrote to Justice Secretary Jack Straw urging them to repeal some of the laws.
But, in reference to the crime of 'disturbing a pack of eggs', Mr Straw said: 'Egg marketing inspectors must be able to ensure that eggs suspected of being marketed in contravention of EU regulations are not tampered with.'
They added: 'I am sorry that you regard these offences as unnecessary. In their different ways they are important pieces of legislation.'
For many traditional IT companies, the lure of energy efficiency efforts is two-fold: data center costs are becoming dominated by power use, so greater efficiency will both save them money and provide them with products and services that they can sell to other companies. These efforts also fall nicely in line with the goals of the Department of Energy, which is now using some of its stimulus money to fund data center efficiency projects from companies like Alcatel-Lucent, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and Yahoo. Meanwhile, Google has decided it needs greater control over the power coming in, and will be launching its own utility, which will focus on supplying it with renewable energy.
The new DOE grants were announced on Wednesday. "By reducing energy use and energy costs for the IT and telecommunications industries, this funding will help create jobs and ensure the sector remains competitive,” stated DOE head Steven Chu. "The expected growth of these industries means that new technologies adopted today will yield benefits for many years to come." The total funding was relatively small, at $47 million, but (like many DOE-funded efforts), it will require matching money from the industry involved, which will bring the total expenditures up to over $100 million.
The funding (PDF) will cover the full data center ecosystem, from facility cooling to software that helps cut the drain of idle hardware. Some of them have gone to traditional enterprise research centers. For example, IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center has received two awards, one for developing facility-scale liquid cooling, the other for monitoring and controlling cooling systems. Alcatel-Lucent's Bell Labs will get two as well, for developing methods to monitor network-wide traffic flows in order to optimize power use, and another for liquid cooling systems, as well.
Hewlett-Packard's award will go towards the development of an integrated, modular server unit that integrates the cooling and power conversion hardware into the unit. Yahoo will get one to help it build one of its passive-cooling data centers, which it described in detail in the past.
But some of the more interesting projects are going to smaller companies and the academic world. Santa Clara's SeaMicro will be testing physicalized servers with hundreds of processors that may see a 75 percent energy saving. Caltech will get money to develop software for load balancing across multiple data centers. Columbia University will be getting an award to develop technology for making better use of power once it's on the CPU; the plan is to make better use of the power the CPU receives, cutting losses by 10 percent.
Google Energy
Google wasn't on the DOE's award list, but the company has done extensive work to optimize the power use of its data centers and obtain renewable energy for its facilities. But the company has gone significantly beyond that, funding a variety of renewable energy technology companies via its Google.org initiative. Apparently, however, the company wants a bit more control over the power it uses, as the company has launched a subsidiary called Google Energy and applied to trade energy on the wholesale market. Essentially, the company is dissatisfied with the renewable offerings being made by its utilities, and wants to make sure it has more options available to it.
Presumably, the move will ultimately allow it to buy power from some of the renewable companies that it's funding via Google.org.
Right now, it's clear that these enterprise companies see lots of opportunity in the renewable and energy efficiency markets, and are scrambling to take advantage of them (creating some strange bedfellows in the process, like the Yahoo-DOE arrangement). But an interview with Bill Weihl, the Google executive who runs their green energy initiatives, highlights a danger of the current environment: it's highly dependent on the stimulus money. "At the end of 2010, when the stimulus ends, we're going to drive off the biggest funding cliff the energy field has ever seen," Weihl said. The key question will be whether these companies have made an irreversible commitment to efficiency before we drop off that cliff.
The Colorado Brewers Guild has announced they'll bring the inaugural Thanksgiving Rendezvous to the Stapleton Tap House. Nearly 20 Colorado breweries have signed on for the intimate event, which will be held on Sunday, November 17th. Tickets are $40 and are expected to sell out quickly. Click HERE to grab yours today. Additional details on the event can be found in the Press Release below.
Colorado Brewers Guild and Stapleton Tap House Present the First Thanksgiving Rendezvous
Intimate gathering to give thanks to the Colorado beer community
DENVER – Oct. 29, 2013 – The Colorado Brewers Guild (CBG) produces a full calendar of special events intended to feature and promote the world-class beers of its members. This fall the CBG will introduce the latest of its Rendezvous events, the Thanksgiving Rendezvous. The gathering will take place on Nov. 17 from 1 – 5 p.m. at the Stapleton Tap House at 8286 Northfield Boulevard #1525, Denver CO 80238.
“The Colorado Brewers Guild Thanksgiving Rendezvous is a way for us to showcase a hand selected collection of diverse beers from across the state,” said John Carlson, executive director of the CBG. “This intimate event will allow beer lovers to try some very special brews and give thanks for living in the state of craft beer.”
The Thanksgiving Rendezvous will feature speciality brews from:
Backcountry Brewery
Blue Spruce Brewing Co.
Bristol Brewing Co.
Caution Brewing
Denver Chop House
Dry Dock Brewing Company
Epic Brewing Co.
Grimm Brothers Brewing Co.
Hall Brewing Company
Left Hand Brewing
Lone Tree Brewing Co.
Oskar Blues
Pikes Peak Brewing Company
Prost Brewing
Renegade Brewing Co.
River North
Ska Brewing Company
Strange Brewing Company
TommyKnocker
“We are honored and excited to partner with the Colorado's Brewer's Guild,” said Michael Kearns, owner of Stapleton Tap House. “We try to make every day a beer festival and the CBG Rendezvous events are some of the best beer events in the state.”
The Thanksgiving Rendezvous is open to adults 21 and older. Tickets are limited and can be purchased online for $40 at imbibedenver.com/tday.
About the Colorado Brewers Guild
The Colorado Brewers Guild (CBG) was founded in 1995 by Colorado craft brewers in an effort to promote the quality and diversity of the growing Colorado craft brewing industry. The CBG provides valuable information to the beer-drinking public and the media while also serving to protect the industry and promote positive public policy for Colorado craft brewers.The Colorado Brewers Guild includes the majority of the craft breweries and brewpubs and represents more than 95 percent of craft beer production in the state. CBG is a 501 (c)(6) non-profit trade association and retains advocates to work with the state legislature on behalf of Colorado's craft brewers. For more information, visit www.coloradobeer.org.
About Stapleton Tap House
The Stapleton Tap House is a Colorado craft beer bar, serving beers from 30 limited distribution Colorado craft breweries. Conveniently located in Denver's Stapleton neighborhood, mid-way between Denver International Airport and Downtown Denver, the Stapleton Tap House provides visitors an opportunity to explore the diversity of Colorado's craft beer scene in a comfortable family-friendly environment. For information, visit www.stapletontaphouse.com.
###
Cheers!
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On a weekend morning in the summer of 2014, the 400,000 residents of Toledo, Ohio, woke up to a stark warning: Don't drink the tap water, and don't wash dishes or bathe kids in it. The problem: An enormous algae bloom had floated over the city's municipal water intake in Lake Erie, fouling the city's water with a toxin that “causes cells to shrink, which causes blood to spill into the liver and can quickly lead to death,” according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Lake Erie's algae bloom was hardly a natural phenomenon—it was driven by the millions of acres of farmland that drain fertilizer-laced runoff into the lake, which in turn feed the annual poison-spewing blooms, which in turn force Toledo and other cities clustered around Lake Erie to spend millions of dollars per year in filtration efforts—which, as happened in 2014, sometimes fail.
On the chopping block: a lab that helps city water officials figure out when a toxic bloom is headed to the parts of Lake Erie where they draw water.
Toxic algae blooms are a nationwide problem. In August 2016, no fewer than 19 states had to issue public health advisories because of them, according to the EPA. Annually, the damage they cause—everything from increased filtration costs to declines in fish populations—costs the US economy about $2 billion. Lake Erie, which provides water to 11 million people, is a particularly stark example of their ravages.
Marine scientist Jeff Reutter was at the center of a fierce effort by local, state, and federal officials to stem the 2014 crisis, which ended after three days without any illnesses. And now Reutter, then the director of Ohio Sea Grant, part of a network of programs in coastal and Great Lakes states, run by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), is worried that the constellation of federal projects that protect people in places like Toledo from toxic algae blooms will be dismantled by coming federal budget cuts signaled by President Donald Trump—even as annual agriculture-driven algal blooms continue to threaten the cities clustered around Lake Erie.
Here are some crucial programs in this effort now languishing under threat of Trump's budget ax:
• NOAA's National Sea Grant College Program. Launched in 1966 to serve as an aquatic version of the land grant initiative founded by Abraham Lincoln about a century before, the Sea Grant program funds university centers in every coastal and Great Lakes state, designed to use publicly funded research and communication efforts to maintain vibrant coastal ecosystems. According to a US Office of Management and Budget memo obtained by the Washington Post, Trump's budget proposal would eliminate the Sea Grant completely, for a total savings of $73 million annually.
While Sea Grant's funding level amounts to “decimal dust” compared with the multitrillion-dollar federal budget, Reutter says, the impact on the Lake Erie region will be serious. Ohio's Sea Grant program, housed at Ohio State, runs an island-based lab in the middle of Erie, where it took up the task of monitoring water quality after EPA funding for the task dried up in the 1990s. (Grist has more on what the Sea Grant program does nationally.) The lab's monitoring helps water officials in cities ranging from Toledo to Cleveland—a population of more than 3 million people—figure out when a toxic bloom is headed to the parts of Lake Erie where they draw water.
If Trump and the Congress decide to make these cuts, it will “greatly reduce our ability” to prevent Toledo's 2014 disaster from happening again, one scientist says.
In addition, Ohio Sea Grant also works with another arm of NOAA, the National Environmental Satellite, Data and Information Service, to go out to coordinates pinpointed by satellite images to test water for algae levels and toxicity, so that accurate algae bloom maps can be constricted for city water officials as well as researchers. Which brings us to…
• NOAA's satellite program. Of course, the very satellite images required for such efforts are under threat, Reutter says. According to the Washington Post, NOAA's satellite program “would be the hardest hit” by Trump's proposed cuts to the agency—it would see its budget slashed by $513 million annually, more than a fifth of its funding. In partnership with NOAA's satellite program, Ohio Sea Grant predicts the size and location of the blooms before the peak, giving cities time to plan filtration efforts. In 2015, for example, Toledo was able to avoid a repeat of the 2014 crisis despite a near-record bloom that year, largely because of early warning.
• The EPA's Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Getting at the root of the problem—fertilizer pollution from farms—is maddeningly complex, Reutter says, because five states and one Canadian province all have farmland that drain into Erie. The EPA's Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is critical because it brings the players from all these jurisdictions together, Reutter says. According to documents obtained by OregonLive revealing plans to slash the EPA's budget, the administration plans to cut the program's funding by 97 percent, from $300 million to $10 million. In addition to helping coordinate a response to the crisis among the states, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative also funds specific projects, like one in 2015 to “retire 270 acres of cropland, restore six miles of streams, stabilize 1,000 feet of eroding stream banks and restore 70 acres of wetlands at eight locations in the Maumee River watershed to prevent phosphorus from entering Lake Erie,” according to the EPA.
Taken together, if Trump and Congress decide to make these cuts, it will “greatly reduce our ability” to prevent Toledo's 2014 disaster from happening again, Reutter says—hindering efforts to filter toxins at the municipal level when big algae blooms occur, and also long-term efforts to prevent them.
Whoa awesome! In case you missed the announcement today…
Filming for scenes in the upcoming season of the Netflix Original Series, Sense 8 will take place in Andersonville this weekend, January 23-24, on Paulina St. from Balmoral Ave. We've included the announcement to residents below.
_______________________________________________
Dear Residents and Businesses,
Unpronounceable Productions, LLC. will be filming in your neighborhood on January 23-24, 2016. We are preparing the area for our upcoming filming with the full cooperation of the Illinois Film Office, The Chicago Film Office and the Chicago Police Department.
The City has issued street parking permits for our production vehicles. For this reason there will be NO PARKING on the following streets:
FULL STREET CLOSURE
JANUARY 23, 2016 6PM UNTIL JANUARY 23, 2016 11:00PM
PAULINA ST FROM BALMORAL AVE TO CATALPA AVE
INTERMITTENT TRAFFIC CONTROL JANUARY 23, 2016 6PM UNTIL JANUARY 23, 2016 11:00PM
RASCHER AVE FROM RAVENSWOOD AVE TO ASHLAND AVE
BALMORAL AVE FROM RAVENSWOOD AVE TO ASHLAND AVE
NO PARKING
JANUARY 23, 2016 9:00AM UNTIL JANUARY 24, 2016 7:00PM
BOTH SIDES OF PAULINA ST FROM BALMORAL AVE TO CATALPA AVE
BOTH SIDES OF RASCHER AVE FROM RAVENSWOOD AVE TO ASHLAND AVE
BOTH SIDES OF BALMORAL AVE FROM RAVENSWOOD AVE TO 1620 W
BALMORAL
BOTH SIDES OF RAVENSWOOD AVE FROM 5720 N RAVENSWOOD AVE TO 5630
N RAVENSWOOD AVE
In the past Thirty-five years, more than 1300 film and television projects have been made in Illinois creating over 700,000 temporary jobs and leaving in excess of 1.7 billion dollars in our economy. Ultimately it is the cooperation of individuals like you that make Illinois a great place to make movies. We will do our best to resolve any questions or concerns. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
The Locations Department
Stuart Berberich – Asst. Location Manager
Bombardier Inc. has cut by more than half the number of streetcars it is promising to deliver to Toronto this year, the latest in a series of delays that has left the TTC head and city politicians outraged.
The Toronto Transit Commission has been struggling for nearly two years to get a meaningful number of the new streetcars onto the city streets. It has managed to get 17 into service and has another being assessed, but was originally promised to have about four times as many vehicles by now.
On Monday, Bombardier acknowledged it would fail to hit its latest, and already scaled-down, delivery schedule for 2016. The company is now promising an overhaul of production, assigning streetcar production also to a plant in Quebec and pledging to keep to the 2019 target for delivering all 204 streetcars.
Story continues below advertisement
The shakeup at Bombardier comes as the company also seeks $1-billion in federal support for its aerospace division, assistance that TTC chair Josh Colle said should be weighed in light of Toronto's streetcar problems.
"Bombardier's making a lot of asks of every level of government, as we all well know," a visibly frustrated Mr. Colle said.
"I think that's something to keep in mind, how we measure the delivery of this project should influence that. But at the end of the day, step up, make the necessary investments and changes so that you change the schedule and meet your commitments."
The federal government is still in negotiations with Bombardier over what a bailout would look like.
After revising its delivery schedule several times, Bombardier had most recently promised to deliver four vehicles a month, beginning in April. It now says it will manage only 13 over the remainder of 2016.
Delivering that number while keeping to the long-term deadline forces the company to heavily back-load production. If the company does get a total of only about 30 vehicles to Toronto by the end of the year, it will have to produce more than one a week from then through 2019.
The city has limited leverage over Bombardier. The transit agency is applying for damages under the terms of the contract, but those are restricted to 5 per cent of the tab, amounting to $51-million. The agency is looking at filing a lawsuit as well, to recoup other costs caused by the delays. The board has also discussed the option of nixing the deal and going with another supplier, though Mr. Colle warns that could leave transit riders waiting even longer.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Bombardier said Monday that streetcar production in Thunder Bay will be supplemented by its plant in La Pocatière, Que. It is looking at various ways to speed up delivery, including adding an assembly line at one of its facilities, and promises more detail within weeks.
Bombardier spokesperson Marc-André Lefebvre said that the new-found urgency was "completely separate" from the bailout request by the aerospace division. They attributed it to the newly arrived president for the Americas.
"The shift in leadership in our company has brought a lot of new vision and impetus to finish this project successfully," they said, noting that the company is focused more on the end goal of delivering all vehicles by 2019 than the interim targets.
But both Mr. Colle and TTC chief executive Andy Byford were openly doubtful about Bombardier managing to fulfill its promises, saying they would believe it when they see it. "We're outraged about this," Mr. Byford said.
Mayor John Tory said they were frustrated with Bombardier's inability to fulfill its contract.
"Suffice it to say, I am completely dismayed at this. It is, you know, no way to do business," they said. "As far as what the city can do, we can sue, and we make statements and we can have meetings. But we don't make streetcars. We only order them and pay for them. And we've done our part."
Story continues below advertisement
With a report from Jeff Gray
The terror attacks in Brussels are raising new questions about the security of nuclear plants, reports CBS News correspondent Jericka Duncan.
Months before the deadly bombings, it's believed at least two of the suspected terrorists were targeting a nuclear plant in Belgium. The El Bakraoui brothers cased the Doel Facility and secretly videotaped a top nuclear researcher there.
Two Belgium attackers ID'd as brothers, another at large
"If terrorists were able to successfully attack a nuclear facility, there could be a serious loss of life," said Dr. Page Stoutland of the Nuclear Threat Initiative. "It's no question that the news from Belgium will lead to countries as well as facility operators re-examining their plans."
There are more than 400 nuclear plants in the world, but no uniform security measure to keep them safe.
In January, the Nuclear Threat Initiative ranked the overall nuclear security conditions in 45 countries. Finland topped the list with the most favorable conditions. The United States, Hungary and Switzerland tied for sixth place.
Belgium was 19th, and Iran and North Korea fell in last place.
"They're increasingly worried about cyber threats," Stoutland said.
The U.S. has 61 commercially operated nuclear plants, which are required to have armed guards. Belgium implemented this layer of protection only a couple of months ago.
Is the targeting of Belgian nuclear facilities a game changer?
But many nuclear facilities outside the U.S. don't have any laws in place to protect them against cyberattacks, which is a potential danger for plants that rely on digital security. The security systems control the plant's valves, pipes and temperature readings, among other things.
At the first ever nuclear summit in 2010, President Obama called for a common security approach.
"The most effective way to prevent terrorists and criminals from acquiring nuclear materials is through strong nuclear security," the president said.
This year's biannual meeting takes place next week.
"The critical thing to come out of this summit is to develop some mechanism, to sustain the progress that has occurred because (if) the job is not done around the world. It never will be done," Stoutland said.
The global ransomware attack and the crimes of the US spy agencies
16 May 2017
Over the past four days, some 350,000 computers have been infected by the so-called “WannaCry” malware, including 70,000 devices such as MRI scanners, blood storage refrigerators and operating equipment used by Britain's National Health Service. As a result of the attack, the NHS was forced to turn away emergency room patients and divert ambulances, potentially resulting in serious illnesses and even fatalities.
The worm is a piece of “ransomware” that encrypts users' data until the creators receive a payment. It uses “exploits” developed by the US National Security Agency as just a small part of the NSA's catalog of hacking tools.
When NSA researchers discovered the vulnerability in the Windows operating system targeted by “WannaCry,” they refused to inform Microsoft. The company found out about the existence of the vulnerability only shortly before the general public, when it was leaked by the Shadow Brokers hacker group on April 14 of this year.
On Saturday, Microsoft President Brad Smith, in a tersely worded blog post, faulted the NSA for failing to share its knowledge of the exploit. “This attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem,” they wrote, adding that “this most recent attack represents a completely unintended but disconcerting link between the two most serious forms of cybersecurity threats in the world today—nation-state action and organized criminal action.”
They concluded, “We need governments to consider the damage to civilians that comes from hoarding these vulnerabilities and the use of these exploits.”
Microsoft is far from blameless when it comes to the NSA's operations. It has established a standing practice of reporting bugs to the US government before they are repaired and publicly acknowledged, allowing the NSA to use these vulnerabilities to break into systems.
Regardless, Smith's statement represents a stinging indictment of the operations of the US intelligence apparatus, implying that its actions are only once removed from those of criminals.
The hacking tools used in the “WannaCry” malware serve an even more malevolent purpose than any ransomware: illegal spying on the population of the whole world as part of a systematic practice of subversion and cyber aggression.
In May 2013, NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed that the US intelligence apparatus collects, processes, reads and catalogs a vast quantity of private communications, both in the United States and internationally. Snowden explained that the stated aim of the NSA, the “signals intelligence” arm of the US intelligence apparatus, is unfettered access to all private information. Its mottos are, according to a leaked internal presentation, “Collect it All,” “Process it All,” “Exploit it All, “Sniff it All” and “Know it All.”
Illegal domestic surveillance operations authorized by the Bush administration after 9/11 resulted in the vastly expanded scale of government spying that was exposed by Snowden. With the collaboration, both voluntary and coerced, of the major telecommunications companies, the US government was able to vacuum up nearly all phone conversations, email and chat messages exchanged on digital devices.
In subsequent years, common communications platforms substantially improved their security capabilities, with nearly all Internet communication systems enabling encryption by default. These developments prompted US intelligence officials to complain of the Internet “going dark” to the NSA and CIA, prompting repeated calls by politicians, including Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, to criminalize the use of encryption.
The NSA responded by vastly expanding its use of “Tailored Access Operations,” the arm of the NSA devoted to “computer network exploitation,” commonly known as hacking. The agency adopted the slogan, “Your data is our data, your equipment is our equipment—anytime, any place.”
The NSA worked to build up a catalog of cyber weapons, known as “exploits,” which allow it to easily break into almost any Internet-connected device. One internal NSA document from 2012 claimed that the NSA worked with the largest telecommunications and technology companies in the world to “insert vulnerabilities into commercial encryption systems, IT systems, networks and endpoint communications devices used by targets.”
The NSA's massive team of security researchers—the largest in the world—also worked to discover and exploit vulnerabilities within existing products, keeping these bugs a secret from manufacturers in order to allow the NSA to exploit them to gain access to computers, networks and Internet-connected devices before other researchers could discover them and recommend fixes to manufacturers.
In addition to using these tools to carry out mass surveillance, the NSA weaponized them in order to carry out cyberattacks against Washington's geopolitical adversaries. The most notorious of these efforts was the release of the Stuxnet worm in 2010, which ruined some 1,000 Iranian nuclear centrifuges. The cyberattack was coordinated with a series of car bomb murders, attributed by the media to the US and Israel, which killed at least three Iranian nuclear physicists.
The fact that over 70 percent of the initially reported “WannaCry” infections took place in Russia raises the very real possibility that the current disaster is the result of a Stuxnet-like cyberattack by the United States. The other country disproportionately affected was China.
Speaking in Beijing on Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, “As for the source of these threats, Microsoft's leadership stated this directly. They said the source of the virus was the special services of the United States.”
White House Homeland Security adviser Tom Bossert declared that finding those responsible for cyberattacks is “something that sometimes eludes us. Attribution can be difficult here.”
Bossert's statement contrasts sharply with the declaration by the director of national intelligence in October 2016 that the US spy agencies were “confident that the Russian Government directed… recent compromises” of emails related to the Clinton campaign.
That declaration was part of a vast campaign by the Democratic Party, the media and much of the political establishment aimed at demonizing Russia by claiming it had “hacked” the 2016 US elections. As part of that campaign, media outlets, led by the New York Times, sought to present Russia as a global hacking powerhouse, subverting the spotless US electoral system.
One can only imagine what would have happened if, instead of the current malware attack mainly affecting Russia and largely bypassing the US in its initial stages, the situation had been reversed. The media would be up in arms about Russian “hackers,” with demands that the Trump administration retaliate with sanctions, cyberattacks and more menacing military moves. The Democrats would be in the forefront of calls for new war-mongering resolutions in Congress.
An examination of the facts exposed by the “WannaCry” attack, however, show that the world's biggest band of cyber criminals by far is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
Andre Damon
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
But over the longer term, Trump's decision increases the odds of violence because it deepens Palestinian despair. “The fading hopes for a real change in the situation,” Yuval Diskin, former head of Israel's internal security service, the Shin Bet, wrote in 2013, “is also the reason why, at the end of the day, the Palestinians will take to the streets, leading to another round of bloody violence.” Herzl Halevi, Chief of Military Intelligence for the Israel Defense Forces, has made a similar point more recently.
Why will Trump's move deepen Palestinian despair? Consider the context. Were there a Palestinian state with a capital in East Jerusalem—or were concrete steps underway to create one—declaring American recognition for Israeli sovereignty in West Jerusalem would be less incendiary. But Trump, unlike their three predecessors, has not said they support the creation of a Palestinian state. And since Trump took over, Benjamin Netanyahu has stopped pretending that they support one either. (He never really did.) Meanwhile, on the ground, roughly 100,000 Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem live beyond Israel's separation barrier, largely cut off from city services. Israel regularly revokes the rights of Palestinians to live in the city. And it has accelerated the construction of Jewish housing in East Jerusalem, making a Palestinian capital there less and less likely.
In this context, Trump's announcement will only further convince Palestinians in East Jerusalem and the West Bank—most of whom lack citizenship in the state that controls their lives—that Israel and America are dedicated to perpetuating their lack of basic rights. And that hopelessness makes violence more likely. As Ali Jida, a Palestinian activist in Jerusalem, told Haaretz, “It isn't just Trump's position. It's a buildup of all sorts of things—the Israeli soldiers' behavior, humiliations. There's going to be an explosion and it will center on Jerusalem.”
Trump's action doesn't justify Palestinian violence. Palestinian leaders have a responsibility to try to channel their people's frustration into mass protest and civil disobedience (which, sadly, often gets less media coverage) rather than armed attacks, something Yasser Arafat failed to do at the start of the Second Intifada. But American presidents also have a responsibility not to create the conditions for further bloodshed. When it came to American recognition of Jerusalem, Trump's predecessors—even pro-Israel hawks like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush—understood that. They do not.
Why not? Ignorance may play a role. Trump's core Israel-Palestine team—Jared Kushner, Jason Greenblatt, and David Friedman—lacks any actual expertise or familiarity with the Arab world. Politics likely plays a role too. At the Zionist Organization of America gala last month, Steve Bannon, Trump's former consigliere stressed the influence of big Republican donor and major Israel supporter Sheldon Adelson. After the release of the Access Hollywood tape, in which Trump gloated about their exploits with women, Bannon declared that “most of the establishment of Republicans” abandoned him. But “Sheldon Adelson had Donald Trump's back. Sheldon Adelson offered guidance and counsel and wisdom about how to get through it. They were there for Donald Trump about how to comport themselves and how to dig down deep. And it was their guidance and their wisdom that helped get us through.” Adelson also offered money: $35 million to help elect Trump and another $5 million for their inaugural bash. And they have been pushing hard for the Jerusalem move. Another factor contributing to the decision may be the near-irrelevance of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who may well be too weak to forcefully convey to their boss the global opposition to the Jerusalem move.
'Broken Guitars' opens for business on April 3 in Oakland, California
Green Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong is set to open a guitar shop.
Broken Guitars will open on April 3 in their hometown, Oakland, California. Local newspaper East Bay Express reports that Armstrong will be opening the store with Bill Schneider, who plays with Armstrong in elusive punk band Pinhead Gunpowder. Schneider previously ran local music store Univibe, which closed in 2001.
The shop will open with 75 guitars on the wall, mostly from Armstrong and Schneider's personal collections. The store will also sell amps and offer repairs. “We want to be a shop for musicians,” Schneider commented. “The focus is used American guitars: Gretsch, Fender, and not necessarily just vintage ones.”
Meanwhile, a new trailer for Like Sunday, Like Rain, the forthcoming indie film starring Billie Joe Armstrong, has been released. Written and directed by Frank Whaley, whose previous directing credits include the indie films New York City Serenade and The Jimmy Show, Like Sunday, Like Rain is billed as “a beautiful story about discovery and acceptance”.
Former Gossip Girl actor Leighton Meester stars as Eleanor, a struggling musician employed to look after a privileged but lonely 12-year-old boy, Reggie, who is neglected by their wealthy mother.
Newcomer Julian Shatkin plays Reggie and Will & Grace‘s Debra Messing appears as their mother. Armstrong makes their film acting debut, aside from the odd cameo appearance, portraying Dennis, the boyfriend of Meester's character.
Like Sunday, Like Rain is expected to receive a limited release in the US within the next few months. At present, no UK release date has been confirmed.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA6fPu6GXYA
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=1518819542001
You see that kitty cat in the photo above? It's actually a pencil sharpener . Can you guess where the pencil goes? I'll give you a hint, it's tail is raised for a reason. It meows as you sharpen your pencil.
What does that have to do with Raw Vegan Raspberry Cheesecake? Absolutely nothing! I just thought I'd share.
Now, on to the recipe…
This is a variation on my most popular recipe. Instead of using lemon, I opted for raspberries. I promised some raspberry recipes after my berry picking adventures. I'm a woman of my word!
When I call this recipe ridiculously easy, I'm not exaggerating. All you really have to do is mix up the ingredients in your Vitamix, Blendtec or other high-quality blender and then pour it in to a springform pan. If you suck at baking, this is the recipe for you. You don't have to turn on the oven.
Did I mention that it is raw, vegan, gluten-free, grain-free and you can use the sweetener of your choice? That means it can be paleo, low-carb, ketogenic…whatever floats your boat!
I know what you are thinking. Does this raw, vegan, gluten-free, grain-free, paleo, low-carb, ketogenic, magic cake taste good? Yes! It's as rich and creamy as the best cheesecake because it is loaded with healthy fats.
I had a slice for breakfast, it's practically a health food.
Raw Vegan Raspberry Cheesecake ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 5 from 1 reviews Prep Time: Prep Time: 20 minutes
Cook Time: Cook Time: 1 minute
Total Time: Total Time: 1 hour 20 minutes
Yield: Yield: 4-6 servings Print Recipe Pin Recipe Ingredients Crust:
1/3 cup pecans
1/3 cup hemp Hearts
2 teaspoons sweetener of your choice*
1.5 tbsp coconut oil
Filling:
1/2 cup macadamia nuts (soaked for a few hours)
1/2 cup cashews (soaked for a few hours)
1/3 cup coconut oil
1/3 cup coconut milk
1 cup raspberries (fresh or defrosted)
1/4 cup sweetener of choice*
Optional
Whole raspberries for decorating Instructions Soak your macadamia nuts and cashews for a few hours before you plan to make the cake. Drain off the water before using them in the recipe. Combine the pecans and hemp hearts together in your blender at a moderate speed. You don't want to make a nut butter, you want it to be mealy. Add your sweetener of choice and 1.5 tbsp coconut oil. Mix on a low speed until it starts to come together. Press the mixture in to a 6 inch cake pan or springform lined with parchment. Set aside as you make your filling. Combine all the filling ingredients in your high-performance blender or food processor until the mixture is completely smooth. There shouldn't be any chunky bits. Taste the mixture to see if it is sweet enough for you. If it isn't, add more sweetener in small increments until you are happy with it. Sprinkle some whole raspberries on top of the crust before pouring in the mixture. Pour the mixture on top of the crust and berries in the cake pan. Press additional raspberries in to the filling for decoration. Set in the freezer until firm, or the fridge if you have more time. It took about 1 hour in the freezer for me. Remove from pan while it is still frozen. Defrost slightly before cutting. Notes *A note on sweeteners: I like to make desserts that people can adapt to suit their own dietary needs.You can use any number of natural or alternative sweeteners in this recipe. Sweetness levels can vary. If you are using a sweetener that you are unfamiliar with, I recommend checking the manufacturers website to determine to recommend amounts. Most manufacturers will tell you how to substitute their product in recipes in place of sugar. Let taste be your ultimate guide.
