The Television Critics Association has announced the nominations for the org's 32nd Annual TCA Awards, recognizing outstanding television programming in the 2015-16 season.
USA Network's “Mr. Robot” and FX's “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” lead the pack with four nominations apiece, while premium cabler HBO has emerged as the network with the highest number of nominees, with 12 nods across its slate, including nominations for “Game of Thrones,” “The Leftovers,” “Veep,” “Silicon Valley,” “All the Way,” “Last Week Tonight with John Oliver” and “Real Time with Bill Maher.”
Contenders for Program of Year are FX's Soviet spy caper “The Americans,” quirky anthology “Fargo,” and true crime anthology “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”; USA's cyber-security thriller “Mr. Robot”; Netflix's docu-series “Making a Murderer”; Lifetime's “UnReal”; and HBO's fantasy epic “Game of Thrones,” which won Program of the Year in 2012. The lineup also encompasses a wide range of first-time nominees, including “Mr. Robot”; FXX's rom-com “You're the Worst”; CW's comedy-musical “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend”; Lifetime's drama “UnReal”; WGN America's period-piece “Underground”; CNN's doc series “United Shades of America”; and E!'s groundbreaking transgender reality series “I Am Cait.”
“TCA members have recognized a record number of first-time nominees for this year's awards. In our 32-year history this is one of the most diverse slates of genres and programs we've ever had,” said TCA President Amber Dowling. “It's been a banner year for fresh, noteworthy content and we're looking forward to seeing which shows and actors grab top prizes following the difficult votes ahead.”
The TCA Awards will also bestow a Heritage Award trophy to one long-standing program that has had a major cultural or social impact. This year's nominees include the late comedian Garry Shandling's talk show satire “The Larry Sanders Show”; the revolutionary comedy “The Mary Tyler Moore Show”; one of the most beloved sitcoms of all time “Seinfeld”; Gene Roddenberry's influential sci-fi saga “Star Trek”; and the mind-bending small town murder mystery “Twin Peaks,” co-created by David Lynch and Mark Frost.
In addition to honoring this year's best, the TCA presents a Career Achievement Award to an individual who has influenced the medium, which will be announced at the awards presentation.
The 2016 TCA Awards ceremony takes place Sat., August 6, 2016, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel as part of the group's bi-annual industry conference, the summer press tour. “Jane the Virgin” star Jaime Camil will host the evening.
Check out the full list of TCA Awards nominees below.
INDIVIDUAL ACHIEVEMENT IN DRAMA
Bryan Cranston, “All The Way,” HBO
Rami Malek, “Mr. Robot,” USA
Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul,” AMC
Sarah Paulson, “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX
Keri Russell, “The Americans,” FX
Courtney B. Vance, “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX
INDIVIDUAL ACHIEVEMENT IN COMEDY
Aziz Ansari, “Master of None,” Netflix
Samantha Bee, “Full Frontal with Samantha Bee,” TBS
Rachel Bloom, “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” The CW
Aya Cash, “You're The Worst” FXX
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, “Veep,” HBO
Constance Wu, “Fresh Off the Boat,” ABC
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN NEWS AND INFORMATION
“CBS Sunday Morning,” CBS
“Full Frontal with Samantha Bee,” TBS
“Jackie Robinson,” PBS
“Last Week Tonight with John Oliver,” HBO – (2015 Winner in Category)
“Real Time With Bill Maher,” HBO
“United Shades of America,” CNN
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN REALITY PROGRAMMING
“I Am Cait,” E!
“The Circus: Inside the Greatest Political Show on Earth,” Showtime
“The Great British Baking Show,” PBS
“Making a Murderer,” Netflix
“MasterChef Junior,” Fox
“Survivor Cambodia: Second Chance,” CBS
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN YOUTH PROGRAMMING
“Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood,” PBS
“Doc McStuffins,” Disney Junior
“Nature Cat,” PBS
“Odd Squad,” PBS
“Sofia The First,” Disney Junior
OUTSTANDING NEW PROGRAM
“Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” The CW
“Marvel's Jessica Jones,” Netflix
“Master of None,” Netflix
“Mr. Robot,” USA
“Underground,” WGN America
“UnREAL,” Lifetime
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN MOVIES, MINISERIES AND SPECIALS
“All The Way,” HBO
“Fargo,” FX
“The Night Manager,” AMC
“The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX
“Roots,” History
“Show Me A Hero,” HBO
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN DRAMA
“The Americans,” FX – (2015 Winner in Category)
“Better Call Saul,” AMC
“Game of Thrones,” HBO
“The Leftovers,” HBO
“Mr. Robot,” USA
“UnREAL,” Lifetime
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN COMEDY
“black-ish,” ABC
“Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” The CW
“Master of None,” Netflix
“Silicon Valley,” HBO
“Veep,” HBO
“You're The Worst” FXX
HERITAGE AWARD
“The Larry Sanders Show,” HBO
“The Mary Tyler Moore Show,” CBS
“Seinfeld,” NBC
“Star Trek,” NBC
“Twin Peaks,” ABC
PROGRAM OF THE YEAR
“The Americans,” FX
“Fargo,” FX
“Game of Thrones,” HBO
“Making a Murderer,” Netflix
“Mr. Robot,” USA
“The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX
“UnREAL,” Lifetime
NETWORK TALLY (includes Heritage Award nominees)
HBO – 12
FX/FXX – 11
Netflix – 6
PBS/PBS KIDS – 5
USA – 4
ABC – 3
AMC – 3
CBS – 3
Lifetime – 3
The CW – 3
Disney Junior – 2
NBC – 2
TBS – 2
CNN – 1
E! – 1
Fox – 1
History – 1
Showtime – 1
WGN America – 1
PROGRAM TALLY- (denotes shows with more than one nomination)
“Mr. Robot,” USA – 4
“The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX – 4
“Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” The CW -3
“Master of None,” Netflix -3
“The Americans,” FX – 3
“UnReal,” Lifetime -3
“All The Way,” HBO – 2
“Better Call Saul,” AMC -2
“Fargo,” FX -2
“Full Frontal with Samantha Bee,” TBS – 2
“Game of Thrones,” HBO – 2
“Making a Murderer,” Netflix – 2
“You're The Worst,” FXX -2
“Veep,” – 2
By Linda Talbot
For the Church News
HOUSTON, TEXAS
A collective sigh of joy and relief rose from the dozens of onlookers as the first jars of peanut butter from the Church's cannery in Houston, Texas — earmarked for Feeding America — moved down the production line.
Peter Polis, full-time cannery manager, and their crew have worked the past several months, retooling and upgrading equipment to make this humanitarian project possible. “This is extremely exciting, really exciting for all of us,” they said. “The Lord blesses us with the necessary means to help those in need.”
The Church cannery has a 10-year history of providing peanut butter to the Houston Food Bank. In October, the decision was made to expand and help not only the Houston Food Bank and its affiliates, but also to partner with Feeding America. Feeding America is a nationwide network of food banks and the nation's leading domestic hunger-relief charity. It helps provide food to more than 46 million people through 60,000 food pantries and meal programs. Each year 4 billion meals are provided to families through Feeding America, according to their website, www.feedingamerica.org.
The Church plans to provide between 950,000 and 1 million jars for this humanitarian effort in 2017. Community and corporate volunteers staff humanitarian peanut butter work shifts. The cannery is the only peanut butter production facility in the Church's worldwide welfare network. The peanuts are grown on the Church farm in Pearsall, Texas, near San Antonio.
Don Johnson, director of the Production and Distribution Division, and Joe Love, headquarters manager over Processing Operations for Church Welfare Services, witnessed the event. “This is a humanitarian opportunity for the Church working with Feeding America. We are trying to be a partner with them to help them and us. That's what we want to do. Our first objective is to feed members of our church that are in need. Whatever excess capacity we have in peanuts and facilities we would like to utilize to helping other agencies feed those in need,” Brother Johnson said. “The Church is trying to maximize the resources we have by partnering with agencies that are in place that already have distribution networks that we can contribute to, to help more people,” Brother Love added.
For the fourth time, Church member Brant Johnson organized their fellow co-workers at TransCanada Corporation to volunteer for this first 4-hour shift of the 48-hour run. Sixteen volunteers from the corporation's local office prepared the peanuts, twisted on jar lids and packed boxes.
Co-worker Jill Holley shared, “This is my first time to help out, volunteer with the cause of making peanut butter for the less fortunate. I love being here!”
Karen Hanner, managing director of Manufacturing Partnerships for Feeding America, was impressed by their visit. “We witnessed a few of God's miracles making this happen – all for the benefit of kids across the country. We envision a long term partnership. We have a yearlong production plan in place which is a huge value to families across the country and food banks are eagerly responding.“ They were most surprised by “the commitment to quality. I am so pleased to be able to witness the passion and commitment of the LDS Church and the business community.”
There's some talent involved with this low budget horror comedy (including a very early, small role for Kathy Bates), but nobody remembers it. The movie is fun in a campy and somewhat stupid way. But it's certainly not terrible enough to disappear into obscurity forever. The main reason for My Best Friend is a Vampire's lack of recognition is Once Bitten.
That film was extremely successful with an A-list cast including Jim Carrey and Cleavon Little. My Best Friend is a Vampire had a nearly identical plot with a much smaller budget. That's not a lot going for it right out of the gate. Though it does not have an all star cast and its brand of humor may be a bit of a stretch a bit at times, this picture is a bit more heartfelt than Once Bitten and it has a lot more charisma.
Robert Sean Leonard stars as our hero; meek, awkward and virginal Jeremy Capello. Leonard would gain a bit more recognition the very next year with a starring role in Dead Poets Society, and would gain a lot more recognition years later than Dr. Wilson in House, M.D. Jeremy is drawn toward a quiet girl named Darla Blake, despite their best friend trying to set them up with virtually every girl that moves and despite the fact that the head cheerleader has eyes for him.
 They are seduced by a woman named Norah, whom they have been seeing in dreams, Of course, they turn out to be a vampire. Jeremy then finds themselves with a lot more, not-so-subtle new urges and is guided through vampirism by an older vampire named Modoc. Jeremy tries to use their new powers to win Darla over while avoiding two vampire hunters and their parents, who have seen the changes in their behavior and have come to the conclusion that Jeremy is gay.
At the start, Jeremy is a boy thinking normal teenage boy thoughts, but it surprises both themselves and their best friend Ralph when they take an interest in Darla. She's aversive, independent and not the type that alpha male high school boys typically gravitate toward. Teenage male sexuality is a strong focus of the movie, and while it's a bit clumsy, it still manages to get the point across.
Norah is a figure that comes on to Jeremy immediately and oozes sexuality, Ralph's encouragement of this pairing borders on flat-out begging as he's more desperate for Jeremy to lose their virginity than Jeremy is. At the beginning, Jeremy's nervous nature overtakes him, they can barely talk to girls and fumbles through their first sexual experience (which ends with Norah getting staked just after Jeremy leaves). It's not until the vampirism sets in and Jeremy starts developing their powers that they begin to come out of their shell a bit.
The movie doesn't try to hide its tropes, it embraces its clichés, and it doesn't even really try to hide its surprises, it just invites the audience to have fun with the whole thing. Norah lives in a gothic mansion and Jeremy's vampire abilities are very traditional. There are a couple of classical references involving the vampires themselves, mostly in the shape shifting and the use of mind control. Norah turns into a black cat at will, a reference that is taken directly from the classic horror novel Carmilla.
Most of the comedy in the film comes from Jeremy adjusting to their new condition, which ranges from genuinely funny to eye-rollingly bad. The antagonists of the piece, two vampire hunters named Leopold McCarthy (David Warner) – played as a bigoted character, paranoid about all vampires and literally named McCarthy – and their oafish sidekick Grimsdyke.
More than anything else, it's the blood drinking jokes that get old after a bit. Modoc gives Jeremy a handbook on vampirism very similar to the “Handbook for the Recently Deceased” in Beetlejuice. Some of it's inventive and some just doesn't work. Still, the film functions fairly well as a comedy and the sincerity of it is what carries it through to the end.
Jeremy's parents try and piece together what's been going on with their son, and from all the information they've been given, from everything that they've observed, and think it's plain is day that what's going on is that their son is gay. This is sort of the nail on the head with the movie's focus on adolescent sexuality. Vampire stories have always focused on outsiders and people who are misunderstood. This comic plot is actually a nice bit of commentary and not unwelcome. The bigotry of the vampire hunters is also an easy source of humor, even it's a little too on-the-nose, especially when they nearly kill Ralph believing them to be the vampire.
The movie sometimes lacks in common sense and production value, but it is a fun watch that definitely doesn't deserve to be completely forgotten. It has a lot of heart and is kind of sweet. It may not have enough carnage to lure in the hardcore audience, but if you're ever in the mood for lighter fare, you could do worse than to sink your teeth into this one.
“We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.”
–Han Solo, Star Wars: Return of the Jedi
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce three additional Ally Packs and Villain Packs for Imperial Assault:
Wookiee Warriors Ally Pack
Hired Guns Villain Pack
Stormtroopers Villain Pack
Whether you fight for the Galactic Empire, the Rebel Alliance, or the galaxy's mercenaries, reinforcements can bring victory to the most dire situations. Now, you can muster additional squads of Stormtroopers, unleash the fury of an enraged Wookiee, or enlist new forces quickly by purchasing the services of some hired guns.
Each figure pack has plenty to tip the odds in your favor, whether you play a campaign or a skirmish. In each expansion, you'll find sculpted plastic figures to swell your armies, alongside a new campaign side mission and a new skirmish map with two skirmish missions. Combined with new Deployment cards, Command cards, Reward cards, and Agenda cards, these figure packs expand your options for any game of Imperial Assault. Unlike other Ally Packs and Villain Packs, these figure packs do not replace tokens found in another expansion. Instead, this wave of Ally Packs and Villain Packs offers brand-new units to introduce to your games of Imperial Assault for the first time!
Wookiee Warriors Ally Pack
As a slave race under the Galactic Empire, the Wookiees are understandably eager to aid the Rebel Alliance and throw off the shackles of oppression. Natural strength and stamina, combined with combat skills, make every Wookiee a deadly opponent. Two Wookiee Warriors join the Rebel Alliance with the Wookiee Warriors Ally Pack, and they're prepared to destroy any who stand between them and the freedom of their species.
Your skirmish strike teams can certainly reap the benefits of an alliance with the Wookiees. These trained warriors are fearsome in a brawl, and damaging them only enrages them further. The fury of a Wookiee can easily turn the tide of battle, and the addition of the Development Facility skirmish map just gives you more opportunities to demonstrate the foolishness of angering a Wookiee. You'll also find new Command cards to support your strike team. Some of these cards directly benefit your Brawlers and Wookiees, while other cards like Improvised Weapons offer a tangible edge to any figure.
These Wookiee Warriors can also aid the Rebel heroes during an Imperial Assault campaign game. The Brute Force side mission gives you the chance to assault an unethical Imperial facility on Kashyyyk. Then, if your mission was successful, you can call upon the Wookiee Warriors in future missions! Given their prowess in combat, the aid of two Wookiee Warriors may well make the difference between victory and defeat in a later campaign mission.
Hired Guns Villain Pack
Across the galaxy, there are always beings willing to risk life and honor in exchange for the right price. Now the Mercenaries of the galaxy swell their ranks with some… expendable warriors. You'll find two Hired Guns figures in the Hired Guns Villain Pack, both ready to pledge their allegiance to the Galactic Empire, the Rebel Alliance, or the highest bidder.
A team of Hired Guns can make life difficult for the Rebel heroes in any campaign with the addition of the new Nefarious Dealings three-card Agenda set. You may challenge the heroes to stop a deal from being forged between the Imperials and a group of dangerous mercenaries. If the heroes cannot halt this back-room bargain before the terms are decided, the Imperial player gains the benefits of Mercenary Ties for the remainder of the campaign. Alternatively, you may disrupt trade routes across the galaxy to keep the heroes from getting the supplies and equipment they need.
The Hired Guns can prove to be a potent addition to your skirmish armies. Without expending many points, you can gain two disposable warriors to make an opening assault or work as a screen for your more powerful figures. Of course, there's plenty more content for your skirmishes in the Hired Guns Villain Pack. You'll find a new skirmish map that invites you to complete two new missions within the sewers of Nar Shaddaa. Four Command cards also allow you to flee from your enemies, or even push them away from victory when they destroy your units!
Stormtroopers Villain Pack
Stormtroopers are the armored fist of the Empire, and are universally feared on Imperial planets. Naturally, Stormtroopers are one of the most common foes faced by the Rebellion, but their intensive training and seemingly-limitless numbers make them a danger to even the best prepared Rebel operatives. Of course, the Stormtroopers were first introduced in the Imperial Assault Core Set, but the Stormtroopers Villain Pack brings deadly new tactics and abilities to these most loyal servants of the Empire, as well as three new Stormtrooper figures that feature an alternate figure sculpt.
In your campaigns, this expansion offers the new Vader's Fist Agenda set. You may goad the Rebel heroes into an attempt to sabotage the training facility of the renowned 501st Legion. On another mission, you might use the To the Last Man card to massively increase the attack and defensive power of the last Stormtrooper figure remaining in a unit, making this lone survivor a formidable opponent for any hero.
You'll also find new skirmish game content in the Stormtroopers Villain Pack. A brand-new skirmish upgrade represents the training of the 501st Legion, offering two potent new abilities to any Stormtrooper squad enhanced with this card. At the same time, new Command cards reinforce figures after they die or invite your figures to engage in stealth tactics. Whether you play a campaign or a skirmish, this Villain Pack easily expands the ranks of your Stormtrooper armies.
Call for Reinforcements
You may fight for the Galactic Empire, the Rebellion, or the mercenaries of the galaxy. But whoever you fight for, you could certainly benefit from some timely reinforcements. The Wookiee Warriors Ally Pack, the Hired Guns Villain Pack, and the Stormtroopers Villain Pack are coming to your games of Imperial Assault!
Prepare for your battles to intensify, and look for these figure packs in the third quarter of 2015.
Dolphins captured in Louisiana as part of a health study related to the BP oil spill were "very sick," according to federal scientists.
Thirty-two dolphins caught in August in Louisiana's heavily oiled Barataria Bay were found to suffer from a range of symptoms including anemia, low body weight, hormone deficiencies, liver disease, and lung problems.
Those symptoms are typical of mammals exposed to oil in laboratory experiments, scientists said.
"The dolphins we sampled from Barataria Bay are not in good health. Some are very sick," said Lori Schwacke, who led the dolphin study for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. "We are concerned that many of the Barataria bay dolphins are in such poor health they may not survive."
Scientists recorded abnormally low levels of cortisol and other hormones produced by the adrenal gland. Those hormones work together to control immune function, metabolism, and the body's response to stress.
"These low levels of hormones suggest adrenal deficiency," Schwacke said, explaining that adrenal issues are also associated with low blood sugar, low blood pressure and heart conditions. "These health concerns have not been observed in other parts of the south Atlantic and Gulf coasts."
Since February 2010, the number of dead dolphins washing ashore in the Gulf has been much higher than normal, scientists said. A total of 693 dolphins have washed up in the last two years.
The "unusual mortality event" continues in Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana, though the number of dead animals found along the Florida Panhandle has returned to normal.
While Schwacke said it was too soon to confirm a connection to the oil spill, they noted that the health issues in the Barataria Bay population are similar to problems seen in mink that were exposed to fuel oil during laboratory tests. The testing was conducted as part of the ongoing Natural Resources Damage Assessment, which will form the heart of the government's legal case against BP.
The NOAA testing involved 32 dolphins out of a total population of about 1,000 living in Barataria Bay. The area was selected because it was one of the most heavily oiled areas on the Gulf Coast.
So far, 180 dolphins have washed up dead in Barataria, or about 18 percent of the population there, including some of those that had been caught and tested by NOAA.
Teri Rowles, the NOAA veterinarian in charge of investigating dolphin strandings, said the agency was trying to gain similar information about the health of dolphins in Alabama and Mississippi but had not yet studied live animals. Many of the tests conducted in Louisiana required live animals.
"Most of the animals that come in dead are more decomposed. Only 73 of the 693 have been live or freshly dead where we could get a good body condition," Rowles said.
Rowles said NOAA had ruled out biotoxins, such as algae blooms related to red tide, and a measles-like virus common in dolphins, as being responsible for the ongoing die off.
Based on the findings in Barataria Bay, the agency has advised scientists in the Gulf States to be on the lookout for similar symptoms.
Coquito is Puerto Rico's version Eggnog, but without the egg-y flavor. If you are looking for a traditional holiday drink and are not a fan of eggnog, consider coquito, a coconut based ‘eggnog'. Coquito is made with egg yolks, rum, coconut milk, coconut cream, sweet condensed milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. The drink is commonly associated with the Christmas holidays, where it is traditionally served along with other holiday food.
There are hundreds of different recipesfor Coquito and in recent years you will find them flavored with chocolate, strawberry, or mango versions. Some recipes call for raw egg yolks to be added, while some allow for a cooking of the eggs into a kind of base custard. Some people will say that coquito with eggs actually isn't real coquito, but actually another drink called “ponche,” and some people will say the exact opposite. There are people who will break down a coconut and grate it by hand the old fashioned way, patiently squeezing out the fresh coconut milk. And then there are people who will open up a few cans, whisk it all together, and call it a day. There is no wrong or right way to make a coquito, so grab the ingredients and start experimenting!
It is meant to be served in small portions
Coquito
Ingredients
1 (12oz) can evaporate milk
1 (14oz) can sweetened condensed milk
1 (15oz) can coconut cream (such as Coco Lopez or Goya)
1 cup of water
3 cups rum *
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 cinnamon sticks
1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise (optional)
* Using a white rum is traditional, but we have tried many exce3llent versions using dark rums.
Directions
Combine evaporated milk, condensed milk, and coconut cream in a large blender and blend
1. Toss the cinnamon sticks in the water and bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for 2-3 minutes, turn off the heat, then allow to cool to room temperature. Remove the cinnamon sticks.
2. Combine all the milks and the rum in a blender or food processor.
3. Combine all the other ingredients (except the ground cinnamon) and blend until well-mixed.
4. Pour into containers and chill. Add in the vanilla bean and cinnamon sticks. Puerto Rican tradition has it coquito must be stored in glass bottles. It will stay well in the refrigerator for about a month.
5. Serve chilled with ground cinnamon sprinkled on top.
Pair this drink with a delicious rum cake dessert to add a sweet ending to this meal. Click here to shop for authentic Caribbean rum cakes today
Fifteen-year-old Larry Prout Jr. is a man of few words.
Tuesday, when a reporter asked them how long they had been a Michigan football fan, they said only “the whole time.” When another wondered what they thought of the Wolverines' 78-0 victory at Rutgers on Saturday, Larry called it “pretty crazy.”
Their mother, Kathy, who doubles as their home school teacher, once asked them what scared them about the hospital, a place where they have spent countless hours fighting for their life.
The answer, Larry said, was nothing.
When Larry was born with several birth defects, their presence at Schembechler Hall this week was inconceivable. Doctors did not know if they would survive birth. They certainly did not expect them to last more than two weeks outside of the womb. And yet on Tuesday, Larry became a member of the Michigan football team in a special ceremony.
As the fourth-ranked Wolverines took a break from their bye week amid a promising season, Larry — not football — was the talk of the evening. They were born with several chronic conditions, including spina bifida (which limits the development of the spinal cord) and choacal extrophy (which caused them to be born with some of their major organs outside their body). Those and other health problems, such as an opening on their abdomen called a massive omphalocele, have required 93 surgeries during their life.
“I have been cut open and sewed back up many, many times,” Prout said in a prepared statement. “Not all of the surgeries were a success, but this didn't stop my family from bringing me back to the University of Michigan Mott Children's Hospital. This didn't stop my team from drawing up another play and to hopefully go on to win another day.”
Michigan drafted Prout onto the football team as part of the Team IMPACT program, an organization that seeks to improve the lives of chronically ill children by setting them up with college athletic teams. The Wolverines welcomed them to their team Tuesday, as coach Jim Harbaugh and several players walked out into the public area at Schembechler Hall and shook their hand. They then appeared with their parents, Harbaugh, redshirt junior quarterback John O'Korn and Team IMPACT executive director Seth Rosenzweig at a press conference.
A few minutes into the press conference, Kathy Prout handed the prepared statement to their son, who removed their sweatshirt to reveal a blue sweater that matched Harbaugh's.
“I stand here before you today as just one of the stories that can be told regarding the patience at the great university's Mott Children's Hospital,” Larry said. “I also stand here as just one of the stories that could be told about many sick children and their families across the country. My heart goes out to all families of children with chronic illness.”
This isn't Michigan's first experience with a child like Larry. Two years ago, the men's lacrosse team similarly welcomed Brendan Randolph, a child with medically intractable epilepsy. Randolph signed a National Letter of Intent with the Wolverines on Nov. 24, 2014, at age 14.
This past summer, Randolph's parents told Prout's parents about the IMPACT program and helped to connect them with Michigan. For Larry, a lifelong fan, joining the Wolverines was a dream.
“It's just unbelievable,” said Larry's father, Larry Sr. “Around every corner, there seems to be something really cool that's happened. In spite of everything, we just keep going.”
Since the younger Larry began their relationship with Michigan, they have met a few of the current players. One of the first was O'Korn, a transfer from Houston, who also had a similar experience at their old school. At Houston, O'Korn met 15-year-old Jacolby Rogers, who was on dialysis with renal disease.
O'Korn, whom Larry called one of their favorite players along with senior running back De'Veon Smith, awarded Larry with some new Michigan gear such as T-shirts and football gloves.
“It's a special relationship, and if we can be that source of hope and positivity for Larry, that's something that makes us really happy,” O'Korn said afterward. “He's somebody, as you saw today, that just flows with positivity, flows with grace and dignity.”
Team IMPACT hopes Larry could spur a new wave of teammates like him. According to Rosenzweig, the organization has a list of more than 600 teams who are interested in helping but have not yet been connected with a child.
The hope is that those teams could have the same experience as Michigan's players, who said that Larry's toughness has worn off on them.
“It's easy to look after a long practice or a long day of camp or a workout, you might be sore or tired, you might be injured,” said senior tight end Jake Butt. “And you might let that thought creep into your head where you want to feel sorry for yourself, or you want to find an excuse.
“And you look at a kid like Larry and their family and the way they're facing such great adversity and still up there smiling, and still up there so grateful just to be a part of this team. We're grateful to have them on our team, and we're grateful for the example that he's setting for us.”
As for Larry, they hope kids like them can learn the same lesson. Asked what they would tell others going through the same issues, the boy who has overcome so many of them spoke briefly but meaningfully again: “Not to be afraid.”
Amazon and eBay have been exposed as weak points in Australia's quarantine system, with the internet trading sites hosting dozens of offers to import the nation's most dangerous weeds.
Any Australian with a credit card can order home delivery of thousands of seeds of gorse, blackberry or cactus. Also available is the Mimosa pigra tree, which the Northern Territory government spends $500,000 each year trying to eradicate from Kakadu national park.
Each of these species is listed as a weed of national significance, among the country's 32 most economically and environmentally damaging plant species. Nine such species were recently advertised by sellers, mostly from Europe and North America.
Both the buyer and supplier could be subject to investigation and criminal prosecution, the agriculture department said.
As imported flower numbers bloom the biosecurity threat grows, report finds Read more
Neither eBay nor Amazon would release sales data and therefore it could not be established that illegal sales had occurred. However, one eBay seller told the Guardian they suspected they had sold seeds of parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata), another weed on the list, to Australia.
Both companies' guidelines place the onus on their users to operate within the law. Amazon declined to comment on the revelations or take down risky listings. EBay said it would review advertisements highlighted by the Guardian and signalled the company's willingness to engage on the issue.
“We have filters in place that should restrict the vast majority of these listings from ever making it to site,” a spokesperson for eBay said. They said sellers who listed suspect plants received a pop-up message directing them to eBay's plants and seeds policy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An advertisment for Parkinsonia aculeata on Amazon offering to ship to Australia from the US. Photograph: Amazon
But a seller from the US who offered seeds of mesquite (Prosopis cineraria) and parkinsonia trees – both listed because of damaging infestations on grazing lands – told the Guardian they had sold plants to Australia regularly without triggered eBay's alerts.
“I am pretty sure that I have sent parkinsonia to Australia at some point in the past, but I am just guessing. I do know that eBay has never stepped in with any species,” they said.
They said it was a buyer's responsibility to know and follow the rules of their country. “I try to not sell weed species to areas where they are known to be a problem, but of course I do not know every plant that can be a problem in every individual location,” the seller said.
The department said sellers were also liable under the law and could be prosecuted: “The rules apply to all people equally, regardless of location or point of sale.”
Cactus infestations have a particular place in Australian agricultural infamy. In the 1920s, infestations in Queensland became so bad that farmers simply walked off the land. Even today, eradication has proved impossible once cacti take hold.
On Darren Rowtcliff's Tarmoola cattle station, 250km north of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia, coral cactus (Cylindropuntia fulgida var mamillata) has taken over more than 80 hectares.
“It's a horrible thing,” Rowtcliff said, speaking from an infested paddock close to their homestead. “As I'm walking through it now it's sticking to my jeans and sticking into my boots.”
Coral cactus reproduces by breaking itself apart. Chunks of the plant stick to passing animals, vehicles and people, spreading rapidly across the landscape. It also floats downstream whenever the rains arrive. Neighbouring station owners have reported satellite infestations across an area of 16,000 acres.
“I can't contain it any more,” Rowtcliff said. “I'm at a point where financially, I can't run a station and try to control this cactus.” In response, the Western Australian government has spent $100,000 on containment, including fencing off part of Rowtcliff's farm.
“I lose the land,” they said. “One paddock, that's 100 acres [40 hectares], I can't do a thing with it.”
Their infestation began when a previous station owner threw a few unwanted garden plants on to the nearby rubbish dump. They said cacti bought as ornamental plants posed a huge risk to agriculture across Australia.
“It's mostly these muppets who are buying them on eBay and thinking ‘ah, that's cute'. They put it in a little pot. Then maybe they move out of home and their mum throws it out and next thing there they go,” they said.
Rowtcliff was surprised to learn that cuttings of the plant that have devastated their farm were readily available for sale from its native California to anywhere in Australia.
“It's staggering to think that anybody can order these plants to bring them into the country when we are spending so much money now trying to combat it. How does it get through? Is customs not doing their job? Somebody's not doing their job,” they said.
An estimated 150m international online purchases enter Australia by mail every year. In 2014, Andrew Cox, the chief executive of the Invasive Species Council, demonstrated how easy it was to import plants. They bought hundreds of thousands of restricted seeds on eBay and had them sent to their home.
“The postal system is wide open,” Cox told the Guardian. “They're hardly checking anything. It's a big gap in our biosecurity system.”
The council and the agriculture department said that since Cox's stunt, eBay had engaged in constructive dialogue about risky advertisements and had blocked some of the biggest importers. The government recently presented eBay with a biosecurity award for its efforts.
The Guardian discovered dozens of advertisements for some of the nation's most dangerous invasive species sold by vendors from across the world. Click on the points to explore the listings.
But eBay and Amazon remain open doors. In a search that was far from exhaustive the Guardian discovered 36 advertisements (28 on eBay, eight on Amazon) for nine listed species, all prohibited for trade to Australia.
Australia's biosecurity laws prohibit the sale of any live plant, including seeds, unless the species has been specifically approved. This means there are thousands of species, not just those on the designated list, that are disqualified from import. The invasive species council maintains a sporadic watch on eBay for prohibited listings, but it relies on volunteers to sift through long lists of controlled plants.
Amazon and eBay hosted ads for banned invasive species Read more
A recent check, which encompassed only species beginning with the letter A, discovered 94 advertisements for 44 banned species. This suggested that thousands of such advertisements existed, said Carol Booth, the Invasive Species Council's policy officer. They said sellers who had previously taken advertisements down at the behest of eBay and the council could be found months later with renewed listings for the same species.
More than 70% of Australia's weed species were originally imported by gardeners or agriculturalists. Many species on the list are well established in certain parts of Australia – which does not make their entrance to new areas any less of a concern. But there are other high-risk categories of plant. Since it was first identified as a pest in 1992, Kochia scoparia grass has been almost eradicated across Australia at a cost of $200,000 and is on a government watch list of 28 of the most threatening plants not yet established in Australia. The Guardian found numerous sellers offering to send the plant to Australian buyers.
The Guardian has revealed eBay and Amazon were also facilitating import of pests into the UK and US. In the UK, legal experts said the sites appeared to be breaking laws that prohibited the advertisement of pest species. No such laws exist in Australia.
There are many other specialist sites that trade in plants and animals across the world. In February, the UN convention on biological diversity said there was an “urgent need” to tackle the online trade in invasive species.
Google Wallet received an update this week to make it ready for the launch of the EVO 4G LTE. But as owners of the Galaxy Nexus noticed through the Play Store that they could also update, they grew confused when they were prompted afterwards with the superuser request to give the app root access. We have heard from at least a dozen readers that the app now asks for root and have also seen at least a handful of forum threads throughout the Android world discussing it, yet no one knows why this app would be requesting it. To be honest, we also have no clue why this app would need this kind of access.
In the past, after a “security” mishap that involved root access, Google decided that it wouldn't support rooted devices, so all we can think is that maybe this is a new way for them to verify? The odd thing is that users are reporting that the app still works whether you grant it access or not.
Yeah, we're confused. Any help?
Cheers Joshua and everyone else who sent this!
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador (AMLO), the candidate-in-waiting of the center-left Democratic Revolution Party (PRD), said last week that they would end the US-backed war on drugs in Mexico if they are elected president. They said their government would instead concentrate on creating jobs and fighting corruption.
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador (wikimedia.org)
Their comments come as the region is awash in criticism of US-style drug wars and calls for a discussion of alternatives, including decriminalization and legalization. Regional heads of state will meet to discuss the issue later this month, and it looks likely to be on the agenda at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia next month.AMLO was also the PRD candidate in the 2006 elections, barely losing to National Action Party (PAN) candidate Felipe Calderon in a hotly contested election. At least in part to strengthen their stature amid accusations of election fraud, Calderon called out the military to fight Mexican drug trafficking organization shortly after taking office. Since then, more than 50,000 people have been killed in prohibition-related violence, shaking the country's confidence in its institutions.Lopez is currently trailing the Institutional Revolutionary Party's (PRI) candidate Enrique Pena Nieto and PAN nominee Josefina Vazquez Mota in national polls . In one poll early this month, Pena Nieto had 36%, Vazquez Mota had 29%, and AMLO had 17%. In another, the figures were Pena Nieto at 49%, Vazquez Mota at 28%, and AMLO at 19%."We're going to stop the war (against organized crime) and justice will be procured," if they are elected, AMLO said in remarks reported by the Mexico City daily La Jornada . "We are not going to use this strategy because it has not produced results. There will be jobs, we'll fight corruption and calm down the country. We know how to do it, I'm sure," they said.He also vowed to end impunity and criticized the government's use of high-profile arrests and heavily-covered presentations of captured capos to the media as evidence it was actually achieving anything in its battle with the drug cartels."Politicians who want to resolve everything through the use of the media are responsible for the lack of security and violence, because they have not established justice, employment and wellbeing. They look the other way and, continue a policy that produces poverty, resentment, hate, hostility, insecurity and violence; they want to resolve it with wars, threats of a crackdown and PR stunts," they said."How are those who have no moral authority, who are dishonest and corrupt, going to guarantee justice?" AMLO asked. "With what moral authority can they ask others to do right if they don't do it themselves? And furthermore they let established interest groups make decisions just like in the past in this country."Bernardo Batiz, whom Lopez Obrador has named as their attorney general-in-waiting if they win, added that they want to bring social peace and respect for the human rights of victims, witnesses, and criminals alike."We propose to move from a war where there are enemies to a justice system with humane criteria," they said. They also vowed there would not be harsher laws, more prisons, more soldiers in the streets, or "complicity with anybody," a clear reference to the widespread suspicion in Mexico that the Calderon government is cozy with Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman and their Sinaloa cartel.While AMLO and company were campaigning against the drug war, PAN candidate Vazquez Mota was doing some drug-related politicking herself. On Saturday, as they filed documents needed to make them the official PAN candidate, Vazquez Mota also handed in a drug test and a lie detector test they said showed they have no ties to organized crime.The election is July 1.
Who doesn't love a good surprise? When Kendrick Lamar came to the MTV Newsroom for the "Hottest MCs in the Game VIII" special, which aired Thursday night on MTV Jams, they had no idea they had been crowned #1 by the MTV Hip-Hop Brain Trust — hat is, until "RapFix Live" host Sway Calloway crashed the green room to break the news.
"Kendrick, I know you were told we were about to shoot 'RapFix' today to sit down and do an interview, but that's not necessarily the whole truth," they told K-Dot in a moment that mirrored an episode of "Punk'd."
"That's craaaaaazy," Lamar said in a low and raspy West Coast drawl when Sway revealed the real reason behind their chat.
On Thursday night, Lamar officially became King Kendrick after they beat out 2 Chainz for the #1 spot in a unanimous vote. The list, which also included Meek Mill, Future, A$AP Rocky, Kanye West, Big Sean, Drake, Rick Ross and Chainz, has been causing excitement in the hip-hop community since our #10 pick was revealed on MTV2's "The Week in Jams" on Sunday. West, Drake, Big Sean and A$AP Rocky all reacted to the list — some more enthusiastically than others.
Yet on Thursday, there was no one more excited than Kendrick, whose gold-selling good kid, m.A.A.d city LP helped them rise above their hip-hop contemporaries. "You know what's crazy, we were looking at the years of the different MCs, and we were always like, 'Man, we gotta get on there. We gotta at least get on the list.' But to make it #1, that's a whole 'nother thing," they said immediately after they found out the news.
During the show, Dot gave Sway a one-on-one sit-down and spoke about what brought them to craft the story-driven good kid. "I would have to say this project probably been in the works [since] the moment I turned 13," the now 25-year-old said of their critically acclaimed and commercially sound debut LP. "It wasn't a six-month process; really a whole life experience. And that's what really made this album: All my mistakes, all my thoughts, all my ideas of being a dreamer, all my homeboys' faults, all the scoldings that my father used to give me. All that made up this album."
The cinematic GKMC serves as a coming-of-age story complete with interstitial skits that help the drama-filled narrative progress. During the course of the 12-track LP, Kendrick finds love, gets a real taste of Los Angeles gang culture, loses a friend to gun violence and miraculously finds their way home.
Lamar contends that good kid, m.A.A.d city isn't just about him; it's also about their friends who weren't so fortunate to make it out of Compton, California — particularly their buddy YG (not to be confused with the rapper YG). "A lot of people think this album is about me, but it's about him. It's about my other partners, L Boogs, Lucky [and] Yan Yan," they said of the homeys who serve as characters throughout the album. "It's about them. I have seen the good in 'em. It's just their situations. They weren't blessed the way I was blessed."
What do you think of the list? Read the full list of The Hottest MCs and sound off on MTV News' "Hottest MCs in the Game VIII" using the hashtag #HottestMC!
A recent article by NPR describes the difficulties that introverts and “quiet” kids face in traditional classrooms. It presents some reasons why students might be quiet in class and states the need for their participation.
The article is nice, but it doesn't offer many practical solutions to the question posed in the headline. How can teachers actually get quiet students to participate in class?
I've got a few ideas.
Dealing with Blurters
You will often have students who are incredibly eager to participate.
They might be really excited about the material or just love getting attention for calling out answers. Let's call them the “blurters“.
I love having blurters in class. If everyone is falling asleep, I can ask an open-ended question and the blurter will wake everyone up with their blurted answer. You'll never have an awkward silence after a question if there's a blurter in your class operating at maximum capacity. But they can also get in your way.
This situation is common:
Teacher: When was the Declaration of Independence signed? Blurter: 1776! Teacher: Good. And who wrote most of it? Blurter: Abraham Lincoln! Wait no! Thomas Jefferson! Teacher: OK. How about we let someone else answer this next one? Who was the U.S. declaring independence from? Sally can you- Blurter: France! No. England! Britain! Teacher: Is your name Sally? Blurter: Oops. No. Sorry…
And it's not the blurter's fault! She/he is trying hard and answering questions! You don't want to stifle that enthusiasm. But you also don't want just a two-way conversation. Blurters are almost always natural extroverts, and that's great. But they also often monopolize the class.
Call on the Student, then Ask the Question
If you really want Sally (a quiet student) to answer while still teaching in this format, try this:
Teacher: OK. How about we let someone else answer this next one? Sally. (pause) Which country was the U.S. declaring independence from? (quick turn to blurter, pantomime “zipped lips”) Sally: (pause) England.
See the difference? You've got to create the space for the quieter students first. Take control by deciding who you want to answer the question before you ask it. Use a pause to create a little buffer of silence. Disrupting the tempo is important if you don't want the blurters to dominate.
Think/Pair/Share
The strategy described above is useful for the traditional lecture plus teacher question and student answer format. You need to do a little bit of that sometimes as a teacher, but it can also end up looking like this:
No enthusiastic blurters in that class.
When I have a class like this, I quickly abandon this style of teaching. If they don't want to answer questions in front of the whole class, they might be able to answer the questions in small groups.
Think/Pair/Share is a very common strategy used by teachers. But if you aren't familiar with it, here's the idea:
Ask the class as question (not one with a simple answer; broader questions and brainstorms work better for this) Give students a minute or so to think and/or write down some ideas Tell students to get in a group and talk about their ideas. Call on a student from each group (good idea to call on the quiet student in the group if they need more speaking time)
There are a few benefits to this:
There's time to think. If a student is quiet because they aren't quick on their feet, this overcomes that problem.
There's confidence. If a group agrees on an answer, that student has their groupmates' support and are therefore more sure of the answer.
There's control. It's not a free-for-all, so quiet students won't get drowned out.
Blogging and forums
The previous two tips were to get quiet students speaking a bit more in class. But often the best way for them to share themselves is through writing.
This is a common way to do class “discussions” for online courses. People can act very differently online and in person. The student that says nothing during class might write up a storm on your class's forum.
There are a few ways to set this up.
If your school has a LMS (learning management system) already, it should be easy to set up a forum for the students. If you don't have a LMS, you can set one up on Moodle.
If you want your students to set up blogs, a very easy way to get them started is with WordPress. Even if you're tech-phobic, setting up a WordPress blog is easy. I got my class set up in under half an hour. Get your students to follow each other's blogs so that they can read and comment on what other people have written.
Of course, you can always create a class Facebook page too.
When students are writing, they're not competing with anyone else for “the floor.” No one can talk over them or beat them to the punch to answer a question. They can go back and fix a mistake if they make one.
And the benefit of all of these online platforms is that there is still interaction. It's not just a student turning in a paper. It's students sharing ideas with each other.
Building Confidence in Public Speaking
Here are the thoughts that would run through a student's mind if you told her, unprompted, to “go up to the front of the class and tell us about the Declaration of Independence”
I'm not ready! Is there anything on my face? Do I know the answer? I don't think I do! What if I can't put a sentence together?! I haven't done this before. Everyone is going to laugh at me. I'M NOT READY!
It's possible that the student will just refuse, but even if they come do come up and stumble through a presentation about the Declaration of Independence, it won't be any good (sorry for the repeated topic. It was just the Fourth of July after all).
Even if they know a lot about the subject, this situation is a nightmare for quiet students because:
They don't have a plan
They're not used to doing this
Teachers can limit both of these with some preparation beforehand.
Scaffolding
Most teachers who teach presentations give their students an outline to fill out beforehand. This outline can be simple or more complicated, and you might allow students to use it during their presentation or you might not. The point is that their presentation is planned beforehand. As a teacher, make sure you check their outlines at least briefly to make sure everyone is on the right track. You don't want a quiet student to get up to the front and start giving a presentation that is unintentionally way off track. The reactions of the audience would be soul-destroying.
Once students have the content of their presentation prepared, they should practice. And if you have the class time, you should let them practice in class. Don't just say “OK, go home and practice!” because it's not the same. Even if that quiet student does practice at home, it will likely be alone, without an audience, which is completely different from the real thing.
I usually have students practice presentations twice in class before giving their final presentation.
The first time is with a partner. I usually let my students pick. This lets the quieter students find someone who s/he is familiar and comfortable with. As other pairs are practicing, they create a gentle buzz of voices; there's not a completely silent room that the student has to speak to.
The second time they practice, it's with a small group. For this practice round, I have the listening group members check certain things, for example body language, content, and length. Once the speaker is done giving their presentations, the listeners give constructive and positive feedback. For nervous students, this is a great transition to the whole class.
After these two practice rounds, the quieter students should have built up at least a little bit more confidence and gotten comfortable with the content of their presentation since they will have practiced it at least twice. Not many quiet students want to speak in front of the class, but this is a good way to alleviate that stress.
Understand the Environment(s)
You might have quiet students, or you might just have students who are being quiet. The previous strategies above are for the former. In this section I'm talking about the latter.
Here are just a few reasons why quiet and not-so-quiet students alike will remain silent in your class:
The topic you're teaching is boring. The teacher corrects them as soon as they open their mouth. They hate this subject. They don't want to get made fun of by their friends. They didn't get much sleep last night. They're thinking about problems at home.
There's just a few off the top of my head. Let me know in the comments if you have any other ideas.
How do you address these?
Get to know your students better.
Ask a class “Is this topic boring?”.
Ask a student if everything is alright, or if they need help with anything. They probably won't tell you, but try anyway. Ask other teachers to see if they know anything about that student.
If a student hates your subject, they'll probably make that known in some way. See if you can change their mind. Make your lessons interesting to them. Try to engage them in some way.
Make your lessons fun. Your student might not be talking because there's nothing to say.
Being Quiet is Fine…
…but all students should have the opportunity to express themselves.
Don't let your class be dominated by the voices of the loudest and the fastest (although those voices are important too). It takes some work as a teacher to create an environment that allows all voices to be heard, but it's well worth it.
Thanks for reading.
###
Featured Image Credit: CGP Grey
Public servants are now being forced to swap chocolate for mangoes as part of a ban on supplying chocolates for charity in the office.
Australian Capital Territory bureaucrats were banned from supplying chocolates, soft drinks, deep fried food, and any other foods deemed unhealthy as part of fundraisers, giveaways or catering.
The impending ban was sent out to Government workers on Tuesday dictating that the changes were motivated by the detrimental impact unhealthy food had on people's health.
Public servants are now being forced to swap chocolate for mangoes as part of a ban on supplying fundraiser chocolates in the office
While the Government conceded selling chocolates or confectionery for charitable purposes was for a good cause, it said the health impacts far outweighed the positives, the ABC reports.
'There is a growing trend for sporting teams and school grounds to fund-raise in other ways, which includes offering healthier alternatives,' it said.
'If you are organising a fundraiser, try suggesting a novel approach like sporting equipment, fruit trays, movie tickets or store vouchers.'
The Government said although selling chocolates for charity was for a good cause, it argues the health risks far outweigh the positives
The notice suggested mangoes were a popular alternative for chocolates
The notice suggested mangoes were a popular alternative for chocolates.
The ban was not welcomed with open arms by all public servants however, with some disputing it was a blatant overstep by the 'meddling' Liberal Party.
Opposition Leader Alistair Coe said the government's ban on chocolate was an abuse of power and they should be able to maintain control over their own food intake.
Opposition Leader Alistair Coe (pictured) said the government's ban on chocolate was an abuse of power and they should be able to have control over their own food intake
'Once again … the ACT Government is simply going too far and meddling in people's lives, when really they should just be staying out of it,' they told the ABC.
They urged the Government to have some 'common sense', step back and think twice about the ban.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 19, 2017, 2:39 PM GMT / Updated March 19, 2017, 4:02 PM GMT By Daniella Silva and The Associated Press
Three American soldiers were shot by an Afghan soldier on a base Sunday, the NATO-led Resolute Support mission in Afghanistan said.
Resolute Support said in a post on Twitter Sunday morning that the three U.S. soldiers were wounded after being shot by an Afghan soldier on a base in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
The Afghan soldier opened fire on Sunday inside a base in the southern Helmand province and was shot dead, an Afghan official told the Associated Press.
Col. Mohammad Rasoul Zazai, an army spokesperson, told the AP that the soldier had made a "mistake" and had not fired deliberately.
The American soldiers were receiving medical care, Resolute Support said in their post on Twitter.
The NATO mission in Afghanistan aims to train and advise Afghan security forces. Resolute Support follows the military mission in the country after combat operations concluded near the end of 2014.
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Trailer
Alternate Titles
"魔戒：中土戰爭" -- Chinese spelling (traditional)
"指环王: 中土战争" -- Chinese spelling (simplified)
"Властелин колец: Битва за Средиземье" -- Russian spelling
"Zhihuan Wang: Zhongtu Zhangzhen" -- Chinese title
"Władca Pierścieni: Bitwa o Sródziemie" -- Polish title
"Slaget om Midgård: Härskarringen" -- Swedish title
"Ringenes Herre: Kampen om Midgard" -- Norwegian title
"O Senhor dos Anéis: A Batalha Pela Terra Média" -- Portuguese title
"Le Seigneur des Anneaux: La Bataille pour la Terre du Milieu" -- French title
"El Señor de los Anillos: Batalla por la Tierra Media" -- Spanish title
"Der Herr der Ringe: Die Schlacht um Mittelerde" -- German title
"BFME1" -- Common abbreviation
"A Gyűrűk Ura: Harc Középföldéért" -- Hungarian title
"เดอะลอร์ดออฟเดอะริงส์: แบทเทิลฟอร์มิดเดิลเอิร์ธ" -- Thai spelling
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
Forums
Command the heroes and armies of Middle-Earth in an RTS strategy game that crosses the bounds between the gameplay media and Hollywood film studios.You get to decide the destiny of Middle-Earth and take control of either the Good side or the Evil side as the forces of Gondor, Rohan, Isengard or Mordor.Cast spells and mobilize hundreds of units as you vie to take control of the One Ring.The game takes an old-school, Command and Conquer approach to J.R.R. Tolkien's acclaimed universe, with one important twist: there is no real interface to speak of: structures can only be built on predefined sites and, like the units, they are ordered through a circular context-sensitive command menu that ensures that you get pulled into the action.Also, the license of the game is taken from the movies, allowing it to have the voices, likeness and even clips from the Hollywood production extravaganza.
There are currently no topics for this game.
Trivia
Online Servers
Awards
Computer Gaming World March 2005 (Issue #249) – Best Use of a License of the Year
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth (Windows) on Dec 12, 2004 PhoenixFire (108) added(Windows) on Dec 12, 2004
The November employment report came in ahead of expectations, with a monthly nfp gain of 321k and 44k of upward revisions to previous months. Job gains were spread throughout the major sectors of the economy. The 2014 acceleration in job growth is clearly evident:
The employment report in the context of indicators previously identified by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen as important to watch:
Measures of underemployment are generally moving in the right direction. To be sure, the labor force participation rate remains in a general downward trend, but on this point I think you have to accept that demographic forces are driving the train. Year-over-year wage growth remains anemic although average wages gained 0.37% on the month. While this indicates that wage gains are not dead and gone forever, I would find it more impressive if these kinds of gains repeated themselves in the next few months. As I have said before, I think that will happen as unemployment rates fall further. I read nothing of importance into the unchanged unemployment rate for the month.
The tenor of this report harmonizes well with the song sung by recent data. Of course, data are inherently variable, and not every report will be as bright (or as dark) as the last. Nor would we expect a string of 300k+ gains in employment just yet. But I think any reasonable single extraction effort tells you that activity is on a firmer footing than it has been in years, and there is little reason to expect the improvements will reverse quickly. The US economy has momentum. Do not discount the value of that momentum.
Fixed income markets quickly discerned what this report means for the Fed - the risk is that rate hikes will come sooner than expected. At time of writing, the yield on the two-year bond gained 11bp, while the ten-year yield rose 9bp. The Fed will be pleased by the upward though controlled gains at the longer end of the yield curve as they will associate those gains with modestly less financial accommodation. They may be less pleased that stocks keeps hitting record highs as it suggests that financial conditions are easing somewhat, thus perhaps necessitating a faster pace of rate hikes. Over the longer run, I remain wary of the flattening yield curve.
My guess is that the Fed will soon begin to believe that they stayed pessimistic on the recovery the year the recovery began to show significant signs of life. More on the Fed next week.
Bottom Line: A solid employment report. The risk that the first rate hike comes sooner than June continues to rise.
Doha, Qatar | Customs officers at the Hamad International Airport, in the Qatari capital, have arrested a Yemeni man attempting to smuggle more than 12 kilograms (27 lbs) of sliced bacon hidden in their anal cavity.
53-year old Abd al Rahman Shamoun was spotted by a specially trained police dog, looking for drugs or pork meat on passengers and in their luggage.
They appeared visibly nervous and sweaty, so the customs took them in a separate office for a more thorough search and investigation.
The search revealed 4 larges condoms hidden in their anal cavity, each containing more than 3 kilograms of bacon.
People ingesting or inserting illegal drugs, money, jewelry, or weapons in various cavities, is a rather common practice and airports around the world are used to dealing with such cases.
This is the first time, however, that bacon is discovered during a cavity search.
Due to Qatar's strict laws regarding pork meat and other food that isn't “permissible” or “allowed” in Islam, Mr. Shamoun faces some very serious criminal charges.
Accused of “possession of controlled substances”, “trafficking controlled substances” and “illegal importation of controlled substances”, they could now face the death penalty, with a minimum of 50 lashes and 15 years in prison.
We are happy to be able to give an update on the installation of new lights along the L.A. River Bike Path. As many of you probably already know, this segment has been hit hard by copper wire thieves (whose actions have left it, and the many folks who use it, stranded in the dark). The LADOT Bikeways team has been working with the City's Bureau of Street Lighting to replace these dormant lights along the L.A. River Bike Path. The first of those replacements have very recently been installed.
A Complete Fix
The bike path segment from Riverside Drive (at Zoo Drive) to Fletcher Drive – approximately 4.6 miles in length – will be getting new LED (Light-Emitting Diode) street lamps, 80 percent of which will be solar powered. The path's solar lights will not rely on copper wiring for their power supply, providing the double benefit of deterring thieves and being environmentally friendly.
Green Street Light Program
The L.A. River Bike Path's new LED street lights further the goals set by the Mayor's “Green Street Light Program.” The program represents a partnership between the Mayor's Office and the Clinton Climate Initiative. The program calls for the City to replace 140,000 traditional street lights with environmentally friendly LED lights. The LED's are estimated to provide a 40 percent energy savings, reduce maintenance and energy costs, and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 40,500 tons annually – the equivalent of taking 6,700 cars off the road. The program is also expected to save the City $10 million dollars annually.
Perhaps most importantly, these new lights will make the L.A. River Bike Path a safer, more enjoyable place to ride a bike – so go out there and enjoy!
Advertisements
GOP's Rubio Holding a Firm Lead in Quest to Return to Senate from Florida
SAINT LEO, FL – Surveys fielded earlier this week by the Saint Leo University Polling Institute (http://polls.saintleo.edu) show Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with double-digit leads nationally and in the important state of Florida­­­ over their Republican opponent Donald Trump. The pattern was consistent with likely voters who have decided their choice and with voters who had not committed but could say which candidate they were leaning toward.
The Saint Leo Florida survey also showed U.S. Senator Marco Rubio leading the Democratic challenger U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy of Jupiter (Palm Beach County), by 5 percentage points—43.8 percent vs. 38.8 percent—in the contest for the incumbent's U.S. Senate seat. The race is being watched intensely nationally as its outcome will help determine whether Republicans or Democrats control the Senate during the next presidential term.
“This has become one of the seats that Republicans are relying on to hang on to control in the Senate,” noted Frank Orlando, director of the Saint Leo University Polling Institute. “Marco Rubio has held a consistent lead in all three of our fall polls, and he's running almost 20 points ahead of Trump in the state. Democrats seem to be more interested in pursuing gains elsewhere, though they'd still relish the opportunity to take away Rubio's Senate platform leading into 2020,” Orlando said, referring to the former Republican presidential candidate, and their possible future ambitions.
All the survey results have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points. Nationally, 1,050 likely voters completed the online survey between October 22 and October 26. In Florida, 1,028 likely voters responded during the same time period.
The percentage of likely voters who favor Trump never got above the high 30-percent range in any of the groups surveyed nationally or in Florida. The survey questions allowed respondents to report which candidate they would vote for if the election was held that day, or which candidate they had selected in early voting. Since 11.6 percent nationally, and 7.4 percent in Florida, were still unsure, a follow-up question allowed those respondents to indicate which candidate they were leaning toward. “With results like these that put Clinton at least 10 points ahead, the thing the Democratic campaign will want to do most is guard against complacency. The campaign will still keep pressing voters to come out and cast ballots, and not feel they don't need to bother,” Orlando said.
Exact results are as shown.
Party/Candidate Combined support – national Voters leaning toward support and decided supporters – National Combined support – Florida Voters leaning toward support and decided supporters – FL Democrat – Clinton 49.3% (decided voters = 45.4%) 52% (decided voters = 49.7%) Republican – Trump 38.4% (decided voters = 34.2%) 39.4% (decided voters = 36.7%) Libertarian – Johnson 9% (decided voters = 6.6%) 6.3% (decided voters = 4.9%) Green – Stein 3.3% (decided voters = 2.2%) 2.3% (decided voters = 1.4%)
The survey also found that nationally, 14.2 percent of respondents had changed their mind about which presidential candidate to support in the previous month. In Florida, 9.3 percent reported switching choices.
To determine possible influences on voter decision-making, the survey asked respondents to indicate “Which of the following developments, if any, in the presidential election, contributed to your decision to support one candidate over another. Please indicate all that apply.”
Election Development Contributed to decision – national – % Contributed to decision – FL – % Learned that Donald Trump had nearly a $1 billion dollar business loss in 1995 – allowing them not to pay taxes for years afterwards 32.7 33.8 Being reminded that Hillary Clinton did not defend the women former President Bill Clinton allegedly had affairs with 27.3 29.6 Hearing about or seeing/hearing the recently released recording of Donald Trump describing their conduct toward women as well as their treatment of women including a former Miss Universe 39.2 39.4 Learning more about the Clinton Foundation and “pay for play” allegations 39.0 40.5 Learning that Donald Trump's bankruptcies left small businesses unpaid 31.6 30.9 Learning more about Hillary Clinton's positions on issues such as the 2nd Amendment 32.0 32.0 Learned that Donald Trump may have not contributed to charities, including their own, since 2008 26.1 26.7 Learning during the final debate that Donald Trump could not say, before the election, that they are willing to accept the final results based on the moderator's question 34.5 37.6
Reviewing the results, Orlando said, “It seems as though these major campaign stories over the past month seemed to reinforce voter's preferred candidates, rather than provoke a major shake-up.”
Expected Election Outcomes
A clear majority expect—no matter their personal preference—that Hillary Clinton will emerge the winner. Nationally, 70.8 say Clinton will win compared to 26.3 percent predicting Trump will win; in Florida, 69.8 percent think Clinton will win, compared to the 28.5 percent who say Trump will be elected.
The survey found some sympathy for Trump's assertions of a “rigged election,” but not a majority. Two more specific statements on the topic were presented to survey respondents, and they were asked to say whether they strongly agree, somewhat agree, somewhat disagree, or strongly disagree.
Statements Strongly & Somewhat Agree – National % Somewhat & Strongly Agree- FL – % Somewhat & Strongly Disagree- National – % Somewhat & Strongly Disagree – FL _% There is likely to be widespread fraud in the actual polling process in the U.S. 39.0 40.6 54.4 53.2 The U.S. election is rigged because of media bias — the majority media supporting one candidate 49.6 48.9 45.3 46.1
Saint Leo's Orlando, who also teaches political science, noted that, “People don't like to believe that they supported a losing candidate. The rhetoric emanating from the Trump campaign allows voters to take solace in the fact that they were truly in the majority if not for forces conspiring to hold them down. Still, more Republicans are willing to make the softer claim of media bias than the harsher claim of voter fraud.”
Senate Race in Florida
Looking more deeply into results from Florida, where incumbent Rubio's showing of 43.8 percent of support from likely voters was 5 percentage points ahead of their Democratic opponent Murphy, 17. 4 percent said they were still unsure. Still, when the results included voters who were still undecided, but leaning enough toward one candidate to say so, Rubio's total likely support came to 52.5 percent, compared to 47.6 percent for Murphy. Since the margin of error on the poll is only 3 percentage points, Rubio's 5-point advantage makes their lead appear firm, said Orlando, the Saint Leo political scientist, even though Florida isn't giving the GOP presidential candidate that kind of support.
“Perhaps the single biggest difference in support between Trump and Rubio is among Hispanic voters. Trump is losing that demographic by 30 points in Florida, while Rubio (from Miami) is winning among Hispanics by 20 points,” Orlando observed. Rubio speaks Spanish fluently and notes often in their campaigns that they are of Cuban-American descent.
Media contacts: Jo-Ann Johnston, Saint Leo University, University Communications by email at jo-ann.johnston@saintleo.edu or (352) 588-8237 or (352) 467-0843 (cell/text) or Mary McCoy, Saint Leo University, University Communications mary.mccoy02@saintleo.edu or (352) 588-7118 or (813) 610-8416 (cell/text)
More About Our Research
METHODOLOGY: Our surveys were conducted using an online survey instrument between October 22 and October 26, 2016. These simultaneous polls contacted 1,028 Florida likely voters, and 1,050 likely voters nationwide. Responses drawn from those sample bases have a margin of error of plus or minus 3.0 percent.
The Saint Leo University Polling Institute conducts its surveys using cutting-edge online methodology, which is rapidly transforming the field of survey research. The sample is drawn from large online panels, which allow for random selections that reflect accurate cross-sections of all demographic groups. Online methodology has the additional advantage of allowing participants to respond to the survey at a time, place, and speed that is convenient to them, which may result in more thoughtful answers. The Saint Leo University Polling Institute develops the questionnaires, administers the surveys, and conducts analysis of the results. Panel participants typically receive a token incentive—usually $1 deposited into an iTunes or Amazon account—for their participation. The Saint Leo University Polling Institute survey results about national and Florida politics, public policy issues, Pope Francis' popularity, and other topics, can be found here: http://polls.saintleo.edu. You can also follow the institute on Twitter @saintleopolls.
More About Saint Leo University
Saint Leo University (www.saintleo.edu) is a modern Catholic teaching university that is firmly grounded in the liberal arts tradition and the timeless Benedictine wisdom that seeks balanced growth of mind, body, and spirit. The Saint Leo University of today is a private, nonprofit institution that creates hospitable learning communities wherever our students want to be or need to be, whether that is a campus classroom, a web-based environment, an employer's worksite, a military base, or an office park. We welcome people of all faiths and of no religious affiliation, and encourage learners of all generations. We are committed to providing educational opportunities to our nation's armed forces, our veterans, and their families. We are regionally accredited to award degrees ranging from the associate to the doctorate, and we guide all our students to develop their capacities for critical thinking, moral reflection, and lifelong learning and leadership.
We remain the faithful flight attendants of the beautiful lakeside University Campus in the Tampa Bay region of Florida, where our founding monks created the first Catholic college in the state in 1889. Serving nearly 16,000 students, we have expanded to downtown Tampa, to other sites in Florida and beyond, and maintain a physical presence in seven states. We provide highly respected online learning programs to students nationally and internationally. More than 82,000 alumni reside in all 50 states, in Washington, DC, in three U.S. territories, and in 76 countries.
With their American outfit due to join the grid next year, Haas has already kept a close eye on the way the sport is run.
And, amid concerns from other team chiefs like Ron Dennis about the way cost control is not helping, Haas too thinks that it is an area that needs looking at.
"They are always changing the rules trying to save costs, but every time they try to save money they just spend more," said Haas.
"I think F1 is supposed to be the pinnacle of automotive excellence and all these restrictions, I am not sure who they benefit?
"Maybe the smaller teams who are trying to save costs, but pushing the envelope is really what it [F1] is about.
"From the aero standpoint, [they say] let's have less and less testing, but it pushes the teams to go spend money somewhere else."
McLaren frustrated
McLaren chairperson Ron Dennis spoke out at the Japanese Grand Prix about the way that restrictions aimed at cutting costs not only failed to reduce budgets, but also hampered the ability of teams to catch up with their rivals.
"I think the frustration I have personally with the regulations is that virtually everything that is designed to reduce costs has increased it," they said.
"That is primarily because the cost of getting durability is endless evaluating on dynos and test cells.
"I like to go testing. I would like to have freedom in wind tunnels. I would like to have freedom in CFD, because when you are uncompetitive you have to develop your way out of it.
"At the moment the regulations are extremely constraining in that area."
Interview by Lee Spencer
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, and National Economic Director Gary Cohn, arrive in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 26, 2017. President Donald Trump is proposing dramatically reducing the taxes paid by corporations big and small in an overhaul their administration says will spur economic growth and bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump's tax overhaul (all times EDT):
2:45 p.m.
Top Trump administration officials insist the president's proposed tax plan, which would slash corporate and individual tax rates, will not add to the deficit.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) told reporters at a White House briefing that the plan “will pay for itself with growth and with reduction of different deductions and closing loopholes.”
That's despite the fact that the plan proposes a dramatic reduction in the corporate tax rate, the end of the estate tax, and personal tax cuts, especially for middle income families.
Mnuchin says the president is concerned about the federal deficit, but says the proposed plan will “lower the debt-to-GDP” ratio and “create massive amounts of revenues.”
Trump proposed a similar tax plan during their campaign. Some analyses of that plan estimated it would add trillions of dollars to the deficit over 10 years.
__
2:40 p.m.
House and Senate Republican leaders offered mild praise for President Donald Trump's outline to overhaul the nation's tax code.
In a joint statement, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan said the principles released by the Trump administration would serve as “critical guideposts” for overhauling the tax system.
They praised lower tax rates for families and businesses. They said they are confident they can work with the White House to rebuild the tax code in a way that will grow the economy, promote savings and investment and “bring prosperity to all Americans.”
McConnell and Ryan issued the statement along with Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and House Ways and Means Committee member Kevin Brady.
__
1:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump wants to simplify the personal tax code by cutting rates and eliminating deductions used by more affluent Americans.
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn says the plan would cut the top income tax rate from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It also would reduce the number of personal income tax brackets to three from seven. The new tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent.
The plan would double the standard deduction for married couples to $24,000, while keeping deductions for charitable giving and mortgage interest payments. The plan would trim other deductions used by high-income Americans, including state and local tax payments.
It would also repeal the estate tax, the catch-all alternative minimum tax and the 3.8 percent tax on investment income from President Barack Obama's health care law.
__
8:50 a.m.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) says President Donald Trump's tax plan will amount to — in Mnuchin's words — “the biggest tax cut” and the “largest tax reform” in U.S. history.
Mnuchin gave that description during a speech in Washington on Wednesday morning. The White House is set to release the broad outlines of Trump's proposed overhaul later in the day.
Trump wants cuts for individuals and businesses, even as the government struggles with mounting debt. The president is trying to make good on promises to bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class.
The top tax rate for individuals would fall by a few percentage points, from 39.6 percent to the “mid-30s.” That's according to an official familiar with the plan. The official wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the plan before Trump's announcement, and spoke on condition of anonymity.
White House officials already have said the top corporate tax rate would drop from 35 percent to 15 percent under Trump's plan.
Facebook is extending the reach of its ad-targeting talents—again.
On Tuesday, the social networking giant invited all mobile app developers and publishers onto the Facebook Audience Network, a mobile advertising network that extends beyond Facebook itself and onto third-party mobile apps. Facebook began testing the network in January, and now, according to Facebook product manager Sriram Krishnan, who oversees the company's mobile advertising efforts, the network is "broadly available." That means any developer or publisher can sign up to display the network's ads inside their apps—and take a cut of the revenue.
Facebook's pitch is that this revenue will be higher than what developers and publishers could get from other mobile ad networks, because the Facebook network lets advertisers target users on mobile apps in much the same way they target users on Facebook proper. Advertisers, you see, will pay a premium for such targeting. As it seeks to grab an even larger share of the $140 billion digital advertising market, this is where Facebook has an advantage over the likes of Google and other smaller players. Because Facebook holds so much personal data about its users, it can more closely match ads to particular types of people—based on things like age and gender and online habits—and that means it can charge more for those ads.
The Audience Network is just one way that Facebook is expanding this sort of ad targeting beyond its own social network. Last week, the company unveiled Atlas, a separate tool that allows companies to grab ads from all sorts of sources and serve them across all sorts of sites and services, and it too can target ads based on Facebook data.
With the Audience Network, Sriram Krishnan explains, Facebook targets users via a mobile device identifier—a software token that's specific to a particular phone or tablet. This lets the company identify users as they move from app to app, and that means it can serve them ads just as it would on Facebook itself. And in some cases, it can bring in higher ad revenues—both for itself and for the developers and publishers displaying the ads.
Chris Akhavan, president of publishing at Glu Mobile, a company that has tested the Facebook Audience network inside its mobile game apps, tells WIRED that, at least in some instances, ad revenue is two times higher on the network than on competing mobile ad networks. "In some cases, they have doubled the performance we've seen on a per-impression basis in terms of revenue generated," they say. And, they tell us, it isn't hard to see why. Glu has also tapped into the other side of Facebook's ad equation, using the social network to target its own ads for its own apps, and as Akhavan explains, no other ad network—and Glu uses about 50 of them—lets it so closely match ads with consumers.
Bab Zerzura, The art of not getting lost
Antonin Gerson
Exposition du au @ Marrakech
Bab Zerzura, The art of not getting lost.
vendredi 8 février 19h - 21h
Présentation de l'installation
samedi 9 février de 15h à 18h
Open studio en présence de l'artiste
Depuis des siècles, de nombreuses personnes se sont lancées à la recherche de Zerzura, l'oasis des petits oiseaux, en vain.
L'entrée est ici, dans la médina de Marrakech, se déplaçant continuellement pour éviter les intrus. Quelques indices de la présence de cette cité fantasmagorique : des outils de communication et de transmission, se camouflant parmi le paysage urbain et sonore de la médina, lui servant de lien avec notre réalité...
A propos d'Antonin Gerson
Artiste interdisciplinaire, Antonin Gerson n'a pas de médium de prédilection. Il use aussi bien de la vidéo, que de la photographie, en passant par l'écriture et la performance, l'installation et le son. Sa démarche artistique se manifeste par des actions menées en réaction à des phénomènes de société. Elles sont motivées par l'envie de mettre en exergue certaines absurdités ou particularités qui le touchent. Afin de leurs faire atteindre leurs paroxysmes il utilise régulièrement la fiction, ce qui lui permet de créer des environnements, des situations et des personnages propices aux phénomènes sur lesquelles il a envie de s'exprimer. Ces actions sont documentées par des photographies, des vidéos, des textes, des enregistrements sonore, des sérigraphies et peuvent être présentées sous forme d'installations, de performances, de films. Antonin Gerson s'interroge également sur la façon de transmettre et d'archiver le processus de création, l'action, de manière méthodologique, en s'inspirant des codes de la méthode scientifique.
Il s'adonne également à une pratique curatoriale avec le collectif Les Enfants de la République (Nantes), plateforme d'exposition nomade et pluridisciplinaire de 2012 à 2015 et maintenant avec le collectif GRANDE surface à Bruxelles.
http://antoningerson.wixsite.com/antoningerson
Ce projet est issu d'une résidence au 18, soutenue par l'Institut Français et la Ville de Nantes.
> site Antonin Gerson
The Jerusalem Post has given me a new theme: Israel's delegitimization is reaching American culture in a whole new way. I first heard this pronouncement at AIPAC, from Howard Kohr, who gave a Shakespearean speech saying that a "Predicate for Abandonment" of Israel had taken hold every where but in the councils of power in Washington– so AIPAC members had to stop it there.
Now JPost is getting the news, interviewing U.S. professors who say Israel's image is changing rapidly and Israelis and the lobby are in denial.
From the JPost, here is Nina Tannenwald of Brown:
"I've been struck by the way the Israeli self-narrative of a besieged underdog, no longer resonates to outside observers," they said.
"That was a narrative that I think had a lot of truth earlier on in Israel's history, but I think there's a widespread perception that that self-narrative doesn't resonate with the outside world, given that Israel is now the world's 14th or 15th most powerful military country," they continued. "And so there's a disconnect between how Israelis see themselves in their situation, and how observers outside see it, and that is a disconnect that needs addressing."
…"I think there is a common theme among Israelis [that says], 'We're a small country, we're the only democracy in the Middle East, look at all these Islamic countries around us,' and we know that trope very well. I think there are more nuanced analyses among Israelis, but there is a dominant trope among the government leadership, among the traditional, very strong pro-Israel supporters in the United States, where this [underdog] narrative dominates, and I think it needs to be updated."
It would be nice if one person in the article had said simply to the Israelis, this is not some meta-, postmodern paradigm shift. It is based on real conditions. And when you slaughter 300 children, there are real consequences.
Now here's the latest evidence. ATime Magazine piece by Tim McGirk from Jerusalem on the mistreatment of children in Israeli prisons that may well violate UN conventions.
Walid's story is hardly unusual, judging from a report on the
Israeli military-justice system in the West Bank compiled by the
Palestine office of the Geneva-based Defense for Children International, which works closely with the U.N. and European states. Human-rights groups in Israel
and elsewhere have also condemned the punishment meted out to
Palestinian children by Israeli military justice. Most onerous, says
Sarit Michaeli of the Israeli human-rights group B'Tselem, is that
inside the territories, the Israeli military deems any Palestinian who
is 16 years and older as an adult, while inside Israel, the U.S. and
most other countries, adulthood is reached at age 18.
The
report states that "the ill-treatment and torture" of Palestinian child
prisoners "appears to be widespread, systematic and institutionalized,
suggesting complicity at all levels of the political and military chain of command."
The group's director, Rifaat Kassis, says the number of child arrests
rose sharply in the past six months, possibly because of a crackdown on
Palestinian protests in the West Bank in the aftermath of Israel's
military offensive in Gaza.
Ever since I stopped eating animals, I've developed a curious new online shopping habit. I tell myself it's because I'm looking for the perfect image to accompany a story about veganism and vegetarianism, but that's just an excuse. I'm really just enjoying looking at the many funny and clever vegan & vegetarian tee-shirts you can find online.
In my many hardworking hours browsing Etsy, Pinterest, and even Zazzle, I've found some true gems among the sometimes-preachy vegan and vegetarian tees out there. I've also found awesome vegan fashion companies like Vaute Couture and Herbivore Clothing, who are making some really stylish designs that are not only clever, but also might help you provoke a conversation about eating animals.
And that's key here: as any animal rights activist knows, our fashion choices matter as much as what we eat — and in choosing not to wear wool, fur, or leather, many of us are already on the right track to putting our fashion where our beliefs are.
But why not take it a step further and wear your veganism or vegetarianism on a clever tee-shirt? It's an easy way to start a conversation with the potential vegetarians around you. Even better, all of these are either hand-printed by Etsy vendors or are made by ethically-sound companies.
1. Ferocious Vegan
VeganPolice, $20, Etsy
No one is going to be able to look at this without smiling. (And if they are able to, I wouldn't trust them.)
2. No Animals Were Harmed In The Making Of This Boy
No Animals are Harmed, $30, Vaute Couture
Get this Vaute tee for the hot vegan dude in your life. (Also, if this model is reading this, call me.)
3. Grass Fed
YouPlusLife/Etsy, (Currently sold out, but message them on Etsy to ask if she'll print more!)
You are, so might as well bring attention to the fact that we're all animals, right?
4. Yes, You Can Live Without Cheese
VeganeseTees/Etsy, $25
But how do you live without cheese?! This has got to be one of the more annoying questions we get, but it is a good conversation-starter for why we choose not to eat dairy.
5. Not Your Mom, Not Your Milk
HappyHeadTees/Etsy; $13.99
Open up a conversation about why eating dairy is unfair to all those baby cows and their moms.
6. What Kind Of A-hole Eats A Lamb?
Food Fight Grocery, $15
No, but really though.
7. Leave My Tits Alone
ThatVeganCow/Etsy, $31.04
Bridge the gap between feminism and carnism with this tee that is so funny and provocative that it might help people see the connection. Either way, you're sure to start a conversation about how horribly female cows are treated for dairy production.
8. This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals
Umbuh/Etsy, $25
Get this for the animal-loving photographer in your life.
9. I Just Want To Drink Coffee, Save Animals, And Take Naps
HelloHandPressed/Etsy, $18.95
Pretty much sums it up, don't you think?
10. No Happy Cows Tee
Herbivore Clothing, $20
OK, so this isn't exactly funny, but it is a mighty clever way to get people to think about the fact that humane meat still ends in murder. It reads, "This is the one they use on the happy cows; This is the one they use on the others."
11. Don't Ask Me About My Protein And I Won't Ask You About Your Cholesterol
VeganeseTees/Etsy; $25
But how do you get your protein?! Yeah, it's not a problem.
12. Vegetarian
ThinkOutloudApparel/Etsy; $15.99
Throw it back to the OG vegetarians and make the point that if it was good enough for them, it is certainly possible for us scrawny humans to live on a plant-based diet.
13. Vegan Because My Body Isn't A Graveyard
Rawvolution/$21.99
OK, so maybe this one isn't "funny ha-ha" — but it is awesome. It's actually based on a quote by George Bernard Shaw, who said, “I choose not to make a graveyard of my body for the rotting corpses of dead animals.” Word.
14. Humane Meat Is Yuppie Bullshit
Herbivore Clothing, $30
Now this one's just funny. But also true.
15. I'm Not A Nugget
HappyHeadTees/Etsy, $13.99
Cute and sad! A great combination for conversation.
16. I Went Vegan Before Miley
Vaute Couture, $47
The hispter joke tee for the vegan trendsetter.
17. A Little Veganism Never Hurt Anybody
Herbivore Clothing, $30
It's true, it makes you think, and it can also ward off the haters.
In the last week or so the phrase ‘The Ulsterisation of Scottish politics' has cropped up from time in both the press and social media.The argument is that the recent results of the Scottish Parliament elections have confirmed that the old axis of left and right in Scottish politics is no more and has been replaced by a struggle between those who oppose or favour independence.
Read more: David Torrance: The Ulsterisation of Scottish politics is complete
No longer, according to this perspective are health,housing and education the overarching issues of contention in Scottish political life. Instead they are marginalized by a fixation on the constitution which is now the only political battleground between the parties.We are now, it is suggested, in a new era of identity politics in Scotland, which it is argued by the proponents of this thesis, can be compared to the single issue conflict which has long dominated Ulster between unionists and nationalists.
The concept itself is problematic. It is beyond belief that the future fate of the next SNP government will not depend to a very significant extent on how it performs on the key domestic issues and equally how far the opposition parties are capable of mounting an effective attack on SNP policies in the very same sphere.
Nevertheless, the Ulster analogy has predictably triggered a storm of protest in the blogosphere from supporters of Scottish independence who are well aware that any reference to political ‘Ulsterisation' comes with a great deal of sinister historical baggage.
It will take a long time for memories to fade of the three decades of appalling ethnic violence in Ulster which resulted in over 3500 dead from both nationalist and unionist communities. Even today the paramilitaries continue to draw some recruits from both sides. The shadow of the gunman has not yet been entirely lifted from the province. Hence to suggest parallels between Ulster and Scotland on the constitutional front is regarded by many Scottish anti-union commentators in recent days not simply as deeply offensive but an unacceptable attempt to blacken the image of the independence movement by threatening reinvention of a new and even more scary Project Fear.
Read more: David Leask: Ulsterisation? Scotland says No
In my view, however, any incipient hysteria on this issue is a waste of time and energy. The analogy which has been suggested may well anger some but they should be advised not rise so easily to the bait. This is an ephemeral storm in a teacup which will soon be forgotten because the concept lacks any intellectual purchase in historical or contemporary for some of the wilder claims which have been drawn in the social media about politics in Scotland and Ulster.
Ulster was born out of the partition of Ireland which was finally implemented after the bloody civil war of the early 1920s. It borders were drawn deliberately and carefully to ensure a perpetual Protestant electoral majority and a Catholic minority. Gerrymandering of votes provided additional protection for unionist hegemony.
Injustice and instability were therefore built into Ulster politics from birth. Sectarian traditions and ethnic loyalties were buttressed by tribalism founded on religious affiliation.
Stability, albeit of the brittle variety, is still only secured to this day by a power-sharing executive representative of the two sides, brokered and sponsored by the British and Irish governments. The Troubles may now belong to Ulster's past but Ulster's present remains that of a post-conflict society where ethnic and religious differences still prevail. Working class areas of Belfast stubbornly remain either green or orange. The old loyalties are still bequeathed within many families from one generation to the next.
Ironically, however, despite tribal voting patterns, the issue of union with the rest of Ireland or with Britain is now actually less contentious than current debates on Scottish independence. Four fifths of the citizens of Ulster on recent polling across the sectarian divide have indicated a solid preference to remain within the British union. There is no parallel therefore to the vigorous discussions on the future of Scotland which occurred before, during and after the referendum.
Read more: David Torrance: Scottish nationalists and Brexiteers have much in common. Both are utterly vacuous
Scotland may be only separated from the north of Ireland by a short sea crossing but its twentieth century political history could as well belong to another planet. Political stability, fair electoral processes, a focus on ‘bread and butter' issues and the ebb and flow of the domination of either Tory or Labour majorities were its hallmarks. The SNP only emerged as a credible political force when it began to espouse civic nationalism and ditched the blood and soil variety. Sectarianism, both a blight in Scottish society, and influencing working class voting patterns until the early 1980s, is now mainly in retreat.
The support of many Roman Catholics for independence during the 2014 referendum and for the SNP more generally in recent times is confirmation of the irrelevance of religious affiliation in modern political commitments. Scottish politics are not conducted in rigid and timeless silos but have experienced a series of remarkable transformation over the past decades: the rise of nationalism, the immolation of Labour and the partial revival of Conservatism.
No one should underestimate the passion with which the referendum campaign was fought. In a fashion which would have been unusual in Ulster, families were often split on how they should vote on the vital question of the nation's future. Yet any violence that occurred was verbal rather than physical. When I lecture in North America or Europe I am often reminded by audiences in several countries how impressed they still are by that fact.
The very different histories of Scotland and Ulster have moulded two profoundly different political cultures in modern times. Little wonder then that vacuous ideas such as the ‘Ulsterisation of Scotland' cannot have any serious analytical traction.
Sir Tom Devine is Professor Emeritus at The University of Edinburgh. Their latest book 'Independence or Union: Scotland's Past and Scotland's Present' is out now from Allan Lane The Penguin Press.
GO Transit tickets that go to a collection agency are about to get $20 bigger. Metrolinx is adding the extra fee as a way to make up the cost of going after the 29 per cent of delinquent fines that end up in collections. Most tickets written up by GO officers are for fare evasion ($100) and illegal parking (usually $25).
Metrolinx CEO Bruce McCuaig sees the $20 administration fee as a reasonable way to recover the additional costs of trying to collect fines that have not been paid in timely fashion. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
Of the 28,714 fines GO issued since July 2010, 8,455 have been sent to a collection agency hired in 2012. That adds another layer of cost to chasing down the offenders. So on Friday, the Metrolinx board approved tacking on an extra $20 to tickets that have been sent to the collection agency.
Article Continued Below
The idea is to “allow some of the costs of collection to be passed on to the debtor whose account is outstanding, rather than being taken from the outstanding debt,” according to a report to the board. “It is a cost factor for us to bring in a collection agency to seek out those funds,” said CEO Bruce McCuaig. Seventeen per cent of the ticket value — $4.25 to $17 — goes to cover the collection agency's costs, said Metrolinx. The longer the ticket is in collections, the more the agency charges. Since the collections process was launched, Metrolinx, which operates GO, has paid out about $8,115.00 in commissions. GO collected about $825,000 in fines during the 2012-2013 fiscal year. From April 2013 to December 2013, it collected about $530,000.
Unpaid fines also add up to extra costs in staff time and reminder notices. “GO issues several letters to the individual prior to collections being initiated,” said spokesperson Vanessa Thomas.
Article Continued Below
McCuaig said there's a range of reasons people don't pay their fines. “Some of it may be (the difficulty of) locating people who have received the penalty,” they said. It could also be that they have appealed to the transit agency's alternative dispute process, which was introduced in 2009. The process allows riders to make their case for a fine reduction with a GO screening officer. If there's no resolution, the dispute can go on to one of GO's hearing officers — lawyers and judges who are paid to rule on the matter. Of the 28,714 tickets issued, 15,590 cases were dealt with by screening officers. Of those, only 332, or 2 per cent, went to a full hearing. “The fines that we are collecting are not a way to subsidize the service. The fines we collect are to administer the system and try to have a real penalty that deters people from parking in the wrong place or (not paying) their fares,” McCuaig said.
Read more about:
In July of 2015, a cyclist died and several other people were injured in a horrific crash involving three vehicles near Barclays Center. The cyclist's mangled bicycle was in pieces, with part of the front of the bike stuck in the SUV's wheel. Eagle file photo by Andy Katz
On Aug. 7, 2014, Dulcie Canton, 39, was biking from their friend's apartment in Bushwick to their home in Bedford-Stuvesant when they were struck from behind by a speeding driver. “I heard an engine revving up behind me, and next thing I know, I'm flying up in the air. I fell down on the street and blacked out,” they said.
Canton, a lifetime resident of New York City who says they had been biking nearly every day since 2011, was rushed to the hospital after sustaining a broken right shoulder, a broken left wrist and a possible brain hemorrhage.
Steve Vaccaro, a lawyer who represents seriously injured cyclists and pedestrians, met Canton at the hospital, where their condition had stabilized. They then headed over to the crime scene at the intersection of Bleecker Street and Wilson Avenue in Bushwick, where neighbors who witnessed the crash recovered a rear-view mirror that was sheared from the vehicle after colliding with Canton. Vaccaro also obtained video footage from a superintendent of an apartment near the intersection, whose surveillance cameras caught the hit and run on tape. View the surveillance footage of the crash here: https://vimeo.com/105250259.
Along with the serial number from the mirror, they were able to positively identify the Chevy Camaro that hit Canton.
But the driver was never prosecuted. Canton's friend, who was with them at the time of the crash and lives in the neighborhood, says they see the same Camaro speeding through the same narrow residential streets today.
This lack of prosecution is actually not unusual. “Hit and runs happen so frequently,” said Vaccaro, “that it would be a tremendous amount of work to prosecute them all. So unless it's a case of fatality or near-fatality, neither the NYPD nor the district attorney is willing to prosecute.”
This points to a major problem in enforcing speed violations in the city — there is simply not enough manpower to issue the number of tickets that would substantially reduce speeding. But new legislation might change that.
Assemblymember Deborah Glick recently introduced the Every School Speed Safety Camera Act (Assembly Bill 9861), which would allow the installation of speed cameras in every city school district and keep them running for 24 hours. Currently, Albany limits speed cameras to 140 in NYC, and they are only allowed to function during school hours, rendering them useless after dark and over the weekend. If the new bill is passed, permission to install cameras will be transferred from Albany to City Hall, which can potentially install a speed camera at each of NYC's 2,000 schools.
Mayor Bill de Blasio's proposed budget already includes funding to install the cameras.
According to a data news report by WNYC, the existing 140 cameras have issued 471,625 speeding tickets in 2014, compared to 117,767 speeding tickets issued by officers. According to the same report, more than $23.5 million was issued in fines, and crashes with injuries near cameras declined by 13.5 percent.
Caroline Samponaro, deputy director of Transportation Alternatives, which will advocate for the passage of the bill at a City Hall rally this Thursday, stresses that speed cameras are not about making money for the city. “You'll see some initial revenue, but then it drops off, and you want it to go away because that means you're changing drivers' behavior,” they said.
Currently, drivers caught speeding on camera have to pay a $50 fine, but do not incur infraction points on their license. This will remain the same if the new bill is passed.
The installation of speed cameras near schools makes sense because speeding is the No. 1 cause of preventable death among children. But safety advocates argue that while schoolchildren are among the most vulnerable, they are not the only ones who need protection from speeding drivers.
There were 269 traffic-related fatalities in NYC in 2014, with a decrease to 242 fatalities in 2015. Roughly half of those who died in traffic-related accidents were pedestrians. Cyclists represent a smaller percentage of deaths, yet the danger posed by speeding vehicles remains.
Dulcie Canton was out of work for a month due to their injuries, and by the time they were able to return to their job at a bike shop, they had gone out of business. Because the driver didn't stop to exchange insurance information, they ran into major complications with their insurance provider, and as the medical bills piled on, Canton struggled to pay rent. They narrowly avoided eviction by creating a Go Fund Me account, which was shared on social media by community cycling groups. Canton underwent physical therapy three times a week and met with a social worker to help cope with the PTSD they experienced each time they stepped onto the streets. “I never imagined anything like this could happen to me,” they said. “I could have died.”
Others have. On April 15, Lauren Davis, 34, was killed cycling down Classon Avenue in Clinton Hill, and less than a week later, cyclist James Gregg, 33, was fatally struck by an 18-wheeler in Park Slope. It is unclear whether speeding played a role in these incidents, but each of them took place on a residential street in Brooklyn where traffic enforcement can be problematic.
“Very few police officers joined the force because they wanted to write traffic tickets,” said Vaccaro, who pointed out that many residential streets are too narrow for cops to set up speed enforcement operations. Today, most speeding violations occur on or near highways, where it's safer and easier set up speed traps. With the passage of Glick's bill, many of the outer borough streets that are difficult to enforce would become subject to speed camera installation.
“If the police don't want to do it, why not use cameras in residential neighborhoods? This is really a win-win for everyone, except people who want to speed,” Vaccaro said.
But some of those who want to speed have been able to challenge the legality of automated camera enforcement based on the grounds that it violates the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution. While speed cameras have been increasingly implemented in cities across the U.S., there are a handful of cases in which they've been outlawed. In 2013, an Ohio judge ruled that traffic cameras were unconstitutional, commenting that, “It's a scam the motorist cannot win.” Similar challenges to traffic cameras arose in Missouri, and Tennessee banned them outright in 2015.
Some who challenge the legality of speed cameras claim that they presume guilt, while others are reacting to a perceived invasion of privacy by the government, claiming that this is another way for Big Brother to keep tabs on civilians.
On this point, safety advocates side with the 1916 Supreme Court decision that “driving is a privilege, not a right,” and that safety outweighs privacy concerns.
“Hundreds of thousands of children are put in harm's way each morning and afternoon due to dangerous driver behavior near schools,” said City Council Transportation Committee Chairman Ydanis Rodriguez. “With speed cameras placed near every school, we can do more than ever before to account for the safety of our most precious New Yorkers. This is necessary and overdue; it will save lives and change driver behavior for the better. I call on my colleagues in Albany to do the right thing and pass this needed law.”
The Transportation Alternatives rally in support of Assembly Bill 9861 will take place on the steps of City Hall on Thursday, June 9, at 9 a.m. “The rally is our way of standing with our coalition of support to send a message to Albany legislators that we need to act,” said Caroline Samponaro, deputy director of Transportation Alternatives.
Dulcie Canton says she'll be there. They plan to ride them bike.
The Literary Review is dedicated to exposing the worst things about combinations of words. I don't know the percentage of people in the world that can read and write, but I do know that 98% of those people are verifiably stupid and that 99% of those verified absolutely have to bring their stupidity to the public light. Having said that, I don't mean to insult the writer, but the words they have written. So, if you're a writer and you see this and think, “Hey, that's not fair,” don't blame me. It was you who wrote the dumb shit in the first place
I won't give a reason why I was reading the February 2012 issue of Seventeen magazines. The 100 + “amazing” new outfits all looked about as appealing as a taco that screams in broken Spanish when you bite it, and I don't know who Demi Lovato is, but their fresh start didn't exactly hold up my interest enough for me to get past the title “Demi Lovato's Fresh Start.” However, as I skimmed through the pages, ignoring Seventeen's attempts to turn me into a girl who in between slobbering their own tears barely remembers that their hands aren't food, I found an article that caught my interest. One about text messaging, written by someone who doesn't quite grasp the intricacies behind a “phone.”
It was called “are your texts 🙂 or :(?” which is a title I'd give something right before I blamed the suicide on my English minor. The line to describe this masterpiece? “Are you sending your crush the wrong message-literally?!?” I know that Seventeen isn't written for me and that I'm far from its main demographic, but I can appreciate the maliciousness of its attempt to turn girls stupid. I'd like to contribute my own similar descriptions if you don't mind. For example, a picture of a fifteen-year-old Asian girl holding a totes cute purse, with the caption “Did you stuff your family's souls in there too-for real?!?” or a drawing of someone putting blush on their stomach and below it, “MAKING BABY PRETTY ALREADY!”
This article was created in the form of a quiz, in which you checked off boxes that you feel apply to you. In the end, you count up which color of boxes that you checked most and you find out what kind of text-messaging personality you have, which is about as useful as finding out what 1300's offshoot of the Bubonic plague you would be or the number of small turtles you can fit inside a bigger turtle. You could either be “you're not connecting!” or “you're overthinking it!” or “you're a textpert!” which is the nickname you laughingly give someone right before you get done sealing them behind a brick wall for eternity. The answers were of no importance to me though. I already know what kind of texter I am, and the answer is a fourth choice “Enough of one.” The descriptions of texting practices were my main concern.
Let me preface this by saying that I have nothing against Elisa Benson, who wrote this pile. I'm sure that in between getting stood up for dates and trying in vain to make the sign language for “HELP” noticeable to the people outside, they write perfectly mediocre things. Things like relatable essays about make-up and boys and what style of coat is going to momentarily add purpose back into your life before you realize that you've never had friends and the dream is ending. So Elisa, this isn't a shot at you. But, you are a moron.
You respond to text automatically-dashing off “lmfao!” without thinking twice about it.
I don't know anyone who does that. “lmfao” is the universal symbol for “Yes! Jokes? I'm an idiot!” and to respond blindly to every text with it seems like something you'd do if you just found out that you were left out of a dying relative's will and they were the only one who knew your number.
When you're texting someone you like, you play it cool-no overdosing on the exclamation points!
Is your exclamation point at the end of this sentence ironic? I can't concentrate over the sound of women's suffrage being revoked. And doesn't everyone try to not use a lot of exclamation points? Otherwise my friends would get a lot of “I'm down for CiCi's Pizza!!!!”
You're constantly adding a flirty wink to your messages. You need to make your point! 😉
Okay, you were being ironic. I give you back some credit. That doesn't stop this from being utterly pointless though. Constantly adding a wink? I guess when you're fourteen, the best advice you can get is “You must sex them now, and fast! Quickly, before your eyes dissolve! Sex and sex and sex!”
Whenever you have that awkward moment when you're not sure what a text means, you just write back “Ha!
Yeah, because it's better to seem fucking nuts than to belittle yourself with a “what?”
One of your flirtexting tricks is to disappear mid-convo to leave the other person wanting more.
I hate to call something very, very homo, but as soon as I typed “flirtexting” into Word, my computer suddenly transformed into a large penis wearing a vest. It's good to appear somewhat aloof when flirting with people, but it's stupid etiquette to just quit talking altogether. Good job, Seventeen, for telling girls that, if you really like a dude, show it by cutting off contact completely and hoping that they haven't discovered their own genitals yet.
You're not exclusive. You're always talking to multiple hotties at one time!
And by hotties, you mean ground beef made of children torsos, right, Elisa? I don't want to say that this sounds creepy, but I'd be getting better vibes right now if a ghost started raping me.
You've thought about “accidently” sending your crush a text for someone else, just to break the ice.
This is a fucking stupid plan. I hate to say it, but the best way to get a guy's interest is usually to say “Hey” and not to say “Stop eating my foot, Atticus! I'll feed you next October!” followed by “Ha! Sorry, that was for my boa constrictor! The abyss is wonderful!”
Sometimes you show texts to friends to get input on what your crush really means, or how you should respond.
Okay, the eye of the storm I see. Are the pills finally kicking in Elisa? Or did your editor finally decide to smother you with a pillow?
You love to send picture texts to your crush when you see something funny.
I just breathed a sigh of relief. Maybe there is hope.
The best way to get to know a person is by playing text games, like 20 questions.
This one is color coded to lead you to “you're not connecting” and that's being extremely generous. This shouldn't be an option at all, because there's not a hormone in the human body that reacts positively to “Animal or plant?”
When you trade numbers with cuties you're into, you definitely wait for them to text you first.
I'm sorry, Elisa, but this is the second time that you've used an attraction-based term of endearment, and all that comes to my mind is someone screaming on a meat hook. Does your husband have to recite curses in Latin every time they want out of the pet carrier?
If someone stopped texting you suddenly, it doesn't bug you-you make a point not to read into that stuff.
The last one is, well, kind of normal. However, it says a lot when, out of 12 things that people could do, only 3 of them have any logical place in society. Girls who take this quiz are literally signing themselves up for four divorces and a lifetime of saying “Silly kitty! Ice cream is people food!”
-Daniel
For the next journey into the void, see is they FEELING IT or FAKING IT?
Advertisements
Post Date: 09/06/2016 3:46 PM
On Tuesday, September 6, 2016, the City of Wilmington Department of Finance announced that their new, online bill payment system, powered by Paymentus, is live and ready to be accessed by constituents and customers, via the City's website (www.WilmingtonDE.gov). The first phase of the live system provides city customers with options to pay water/sewer and real estate tax bills online via any device that can access the internet, including smartphones and tablets. Mayor Dennis P. Williams, Finance Director Sheila Winfrey-Brown, and Paymentus Senior Vice President, Jerry Portocalis, were all on-hand at the Launch Event, which was held in the lobby of the Louis L. Redding City/County Building on French Street.
Under the direction of Mayor Williams, Finance Director Winfrey-Brown and Deputy Director Stephanie Collins have been project managers for the technical and operational processes that have led to significant upgrades in services to city customers. Winfrey-Brown explains, “The Paymentus platform provides city customers with an enhanced, easy-to-use solution for paying bills. In addition to an improved customer experience, our partnership with Paymentus is enabling us to automate and streamline many customer services, customer communication and finance processes.”
Customers are encouraged to establish a personalized “My Account.” This is not required to use any of the Paymentus services, but provides access to advanced customer self-service features, such as multi-account access, payment and consumption history, and auto-pay. Customers may now choose to pay their water/sewer fees and real estate taxes online by choosing one of the following channels:
Online One-Time Payment – Customers can pay quickly without registration.
Online Portal – Customers can establish “My Account” to access advanced self-service features including bill history, payment history, multi-account payment and more.
Mobile – Allows customers to quickly check balances and make payments from their mobile device.
Interactive Voice Response (IVR) / Automated Phone Payments – This easy-to-use, payment service lets customers hear their balance and make a payment by simply keying in required account information on their phone keypad.
Customer Service Representatives – Traditional services at the Customer Service Window of the City's Finance Department, on the first floor of the Louis Redding City/County Building will still being offered. Customer Service Representatives will be available to assist customers and take payments.
In addition to these new conveniences, customers will also be offered the option to receive paperless bills. Those who choose this environmentally friendly option will not be subject to convenience fees. As an added benefit for city customers, the Finance Department has also added American Express as a credit payment option, along with Visa, Master Card and Discover. As always, payments may be made with a debit card, or customers may utilize e-checks as a new payment option. In coming months, other bills and fees will be payable through the City of Wilmington Paymentus system, as well.
“The administration has always been focused on enhancements in areas where we touch customers. This upgrade to online bill payment through Paymentus is but one way we are responding to customer's expectation of service and convenience,” said Mayor Williams. “I am extremely pleased that we are working with a vendor with such a tremendous reputation in providing these services. I am also proud of the entire Finance team, who are trained and ready to assist our customers to register their accounts online to take advantage of all of the new conveniences.”
“The leadership at City of Wilmington is incredibly focused on delivering an exceptional billing and payment experience,” said Jerry Portocalis, Senior Vice President at Paymentus. “The solution we are launching today is indicative of their commitment to excellence and is certain to be appreciated by the City's customers."
The City of Wilmington's Paymentus payment portal is easy to access. Simply go to the City website at www.WilmingtonDE.gov and click the “Pay My Bill” tab.
For more information about this news release, contact:
Tonya R. Richardson
Public Relations & Communications Officer
Mayor's Office of Communications
Phone: (302) 576-2137
Email: trrichardson@WilmingtonDE.gov
Blockchain esports platform, FirstBlood, has really been stirring things up lately in the Dota 2 scene. Earlier this year, they partnered with the China University Esports League to bring their technology and platform to thousands of collegiate players and teams. Last Tuesday, 7 November, they launched Blood in the Streets Americas, their second BITS tournament. Eight teams are still battling it out for their share of the $10 thousand prize pool.
In an exclusive leak to n3rdabl3, sources at FirstBlood have informed us that they have another tournament coming up very soon.
Dota 2 Tournament Week will feature an open-bracket format that anyone can join. It will be 5v5 format over a span of eight days, where amateur teams can compete for cash prizes ranging from $5 to $1,500. We've been told that FirstBlood has a brand-new feature with new technology that they're going to weave into their current platform, making it stronger than ever. Dota 2 Tournament Week will be the first big step for this new tech. Look for an official announcement at some point during the BITS tournament this weekend.
FirstBlood has been growing fast over the last year, and there's plenty more on the horizon, according to sources. Keep your eyes and ears open!
Find An Event Create Your Event Help Beer Night with Dr. Bill and Stone Brewing at Lazy Ox Canteen - June 11th, 2013 Lazy Ox Canteen
Los Angeles, CA Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Thank you for your interest in Lazy Ox's Beer night with Dr. Bill. Unfortunately our online sales are closed. BUT YOU CAN STILL WALK IN TONIGHT !!! Please contact the restaurant directly for information, and to inquire about additional availability of seating. If you missed the event, be sure to sign up with our mailing list to get the first crack at future events, and special offerings. Join by following this link: http://eepurl.com/s-RcH Not Available
Event Beer Night with Dr. Bill and Stone Brewing at Lazy Ox Canteen - June 11th, 2013 "Many people have yet to discover that beer is a worthier food partner than wine, with its much wider range of styles and flavors." - Stone Brewing
Known as "Dr. Bill" in the craft beer community for years, Dr. Bill is a Certified Cicerone and holds the position of Craft Beer Ambassador at Stone Brewing World Bistro and Gardens in Escondido, California. Their current collection of craft beers runs between 2,400-2,500 bottles. Now that's a lot of Beer!!
Dr. Bill will be at Lazy Ox Canteen on June 12th to take you through a Beer Dinner sure to send your taste buds to new heights. As Dr. Bill has said, " If you come to one of my dinners, expect the unexpected. With over 3 decades of beer and food pairings under my belt you can expect some eye opening pairings."
Get your tickets soon as space is extremely limited.
You can do so by calling Lazy Ox at 213-626-5299 or purchasing a ticket here with brown paper tickets.
The courses will be as follows:
Course 1: Smoked Trout Toast - chimichurri, lime, fennel-apple slaw Paired with Stone Smoked Porter
Course 2: Chicken Liver Pate - violet mustard, grilled bread, pickled vegetables Paired with OAKED Arrogant Bastard Ale
Course 3: Spicy Beef Sausage Paired with Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale
Course 4: Roasted Pork Loin - chorizo grits, soft egg, miners lettuce Paired with Stone Old Guardian OAKED SMOKED Barley Wine
Course 5: Chocolate Ganache Paired with Stone Espresso Imperial Russian Stout Location Lazy Ox Canteen (View)
241 South San Pedro Street
Los Angeles, CA 90012
United States 241 South San Pedro StreetLos Angeles, CA 90012United States
Categories Food > Beer, Wine, Spirits Food
Minimum Age: 21 Kid Friendly: No Dog Friendly: Yes! Non-Smoking: Yes! Wheelchair Accessible: Yes! Contact Owner: Lazy Ox Canteen On BPT Since: May 16, 2013 Lazy Ox Canteen 213-626-5299 info@lazyoxcanteen.com www.lazyoxcanteen.com
Ask a question... Ask!
JUDGES 8:1-21
« Judges 7 | Judges 8 | Judges 9 »
Gideon Defeats Zebah and Zalmunna
8:1 Then the men of Ephraim said to him, “What is this that you have done to us, not to call us when you went to fight against Midian?” And they accused them fiercely.
2 And they said to them, “What have I done now in comparison with you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the grape harvest of Abiezer?
3 God has given into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb. What have I been able to do in comparison with you?” Then their anger against them subsided when they said this.
4 And Gideon came to the Jordan and crossed over, they and the 300 men who were with him, exhausted yet pursuing.
5 So they said to the men of Succoth, “Please give loaves of bread to the people who follow me, for they are exhausted, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, the kings of Midian.”
6 And the officials of Succoth said, “Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna already in your hand, that we should give bread to your army?”
7 So Gideon said, “Well then, when the Lord has given Zebah and Zalmunna into my hand, I will flail your flesh with the thorns of the wilderness and with briers.”
8 And from there they went up to Penuel, and spoke to them in the same way, and the men of Penuel answered them as the men of Succoth had answered.
9 And they said to the men of Penuel, “When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.”
10 Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor with their army, about 15,000 men, all who were left of all the army of the people of the East, for there had fallen 120,000 men who drew the sword.
11 And Gideon went up by the way of the tent dwellers east of Nobah and Jogbehah and attacked the army, for the army felt secure.
12 And Zebah and Zalmunna fled, and they pursued them and captured the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and they threw all the army into a panic.
13 Then Gideon the son of Joash returned from the battle by the ascent of Heres.
14 And they captured a young man of Succoth and questioned him. And they wrote down for them the officials and elders of Succoth, seventy-seven men.
15 And they came to the men of Succoth and said, “Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, about whom you taunted me, saying, ‘Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna already in your hand, that we should give bread to your men who are exhausted?'”
16 And they took the elders of the city, and they took thorns of the wilderness and briers and with them taught the men of Succoth a lesson.
17 And they broke down the tower of Penuel and killed the men of the city.
18 Then they said to Zebah and Zalmunna, “Where are the men whom you killed at Tabor?” They answered, “As you are, so were they. Every one of them resembled the son of a king.”
19 And they said, “They were my brothers, the sons of my mother. As the Lord lives, if you had saved them alive, I would not kill you.”
20 So they said to Jether their firstborn, “Rise and kill them!” But the young man did not draw their sword, for they were afraid, because they were still a young man.
21 Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, “Rise yourself and fall upon us, for as the man is, so is their strength.” And Gideon arose and killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and they took the crescent ornaments that were on the necks of their camels.
« Judges 7 | Judges 8 | Judges 9 »
There's been ongoing dialogue about Apple's upcoming legal strategy in its battle with the government about whether it should be required to comport with a court order mandating that the Cupertino gadget maker assist the authorities in accessing a locked, encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. One legal angle that has largely been overlooked is the Fifth Amendment.
Here at Ars, we already produced a lengthy feature focusing on the Writs Act of 1789, a law invoked by judges to order somebody to do something despite there being no law requiring them to do so. That ancient law is at the heart of the government's argument demanding that Apple write custom software to assist the authorities in unlocking the encrypted iPhone used by killer Syed Rizwan Farook, who participated in a shooting spree in December that killed 14 people. Our Ars story overlooked a Fifth Amendment defense and largely discussed a nuanced three-pronged approach to how Apple will defend its stance of not wanting to provide assistance to the government's request. If Apple is ultimately ordered to comply, Apple chief Tim Cook said it would set a "dangerous precedent."
Then on Tuesday, Bloomberg wrote that Apple will also argue in its legal papers to be filed by Friday that computer code and its cryptographic autograph are protected speech under the First Amendment and that the government cannot compel speech by Apple. Bloomberg reported:
Apple is expected to argue in federal court that code should be protected as speech. The company is fighting a government order requiring it to write software to help the Federal Bureau of Investigation unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Apple views that as a violation of its philosophy. Just as the government can't make a journalist write a story on its behalf, according to this view, it can't force Apple to write an operating system with weaker security.
And here's where Apple's upcoming legal position gets even more dicey. One legal angle Apple is also expected to assert is that the Fifth Amendment protects it from having to comport with the order. That's according to Apple sources familiar with its strategy. For the general public, the Fifth Amendment is best known for the privilege against compelled self-incrimination. It's the amendment invoked by Martin Shkreli, the Big Pharma bad boy who is at the center of a securities fraud investigation and is refusing to assist Congress in probing pharmaceutical prices.
But the Fifth Amendment goes beyond the well-known right against compelled self-incrimination. The relevant part for the Apple analysis is: "nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation."
The idea here is that the government is conscripting Apple to build something that it doesn't want to do. That allegedly is a breach of its "substantive due process." The government is "conscripting a company's employees to become agents for the government," as one source familiar with Apple's legal strategy told Ars. The doctrine of substantive due process, according to Cornell University School of Law, holds "that the 5th and 14th Amendments require all governmental intrusions into fundamental rights and liberties be fair and reasonable and in furtherance of a legitimate governmental interest."
How invoking the Fifth Amendment will play out in the Apple flap is anybody's guess. The government wants access to the phone because it believes it might find information connected to terrorism. "Maybe the phone holds the clue to finding more terrorists. Maybe it doesn't. But we can't look the survivors in the eye, or ourselves in the mirror, if we don't follow this lead," FBI Director James Comey said.
Alex Abdo, an American Civil Liberties Union staff attorney, said the civil rights group is to file a friend-of-the-court brief in the dispute that cites the Fifth Amendment in Apple's defense. "If this legal argument sounds novel, it's because the government's claim is unprecedented," Abdo said in a telephone interview.
Sure, the nation's telecoms assist the government all the time by honoring warrants for wiretaps, call records, and other information. But what makes the iPhone dispute different, Abdo said, is that "the telecoms already have the information the government is after." In the Apple case, the iPhone maker is being asked to create software to defeat its own locking security apparatus.
If Apple is ultimately forced to comply, that new firmware it develops would remove a possible automatic wipe feature on the phone if a passcode is incorrectly entered 10 times, and it would remove a delay between passcode attempts intended to make brute-force entry more difficult. That would then pave the way for the government to enter PIN codes in rapid succession until it gained access to the phone. A court hearing has been scheduled for March 22 in Riverside, California.
Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Connor Barwin's passion for their city has led them to spearhead a park revitalization project. Rick Reilly has the story. (5:00)
PHILADELPHIA -- Connor Barwin knew right away that Ralph Brooks Park desperately needed help.
The small, blacktop basketball court was cracked and pocked. One rim was busted. The other was bolted on a graffiti-laced, wooden backboard. The jungle gym was rusty, horribly outdated and unsafe. The lights didn't work. A mural painted on the side of a nearby building told the story of the blighted Point Breeze neighborhood in South Philadelphia:
"STOP THE VIOLENCE" it says in large, red letters above a list of the names of dozens of people who were killed on neighborhood streets.
Barwin came across the park -- named for a 6-year-old boy who was paralyzed after getting caught in gun crossfire -- on the corner of 20th and Tasker Streets earlier this year while doing what they did for four years while playing linebacker for the Houston Texans: riding their bike to work. After the 2013 season, their first with the Philadelphia Eagles, Barwin bought a century-old brownstone in the swanky Rittenhouse Square section of Center City, about four miles from the Eagles' practice facility.
Barwin would dodge traffic riding down 19th Street while traveling from their relatively safe neighborhood through Point Breeze to practice. He'd ride home up 20th Street. On every ride, they passed the park.
In early spring, Barwin took their father, Tom, the city manager of Sarasota, Florida, on a bike ride to the park.
"I want to fix this," Barwin told their father. "What's it going to cost, a hundred grand?"
"It's going to cost you more than that," Tom said.
Barwin and their father went to the local police precinct and asked about the park. Was anyone trying to do something about it? Then they went to a community center.
"You're who?" someone there asked Connor. "You want to do what? Talk to us."
Connor Barwin is a cornerstone of the Philadelphia defense with two forced fumbles and 12½ sacks. Evan Habeeb/Getty Images
Philadelphia is a blue-collar city with more than 1.5 million residents who celebrate the same religion on Sunday: the Eagles. Yes, the fans can be tough, but outside the region, they are mostly misunderstood. They want to bring their hoagies into the stadium and see their team play to its potential -- whatever that potential is. They yearn for what Andy Reid and Dick Vermeil and every other coach failed to produce -- an elusive Lombardi trophy. And they cherish authenticity.
Donovan McNabb, who quarterbacked the Eagles to five NFC Championship Games and a Super Bowl in 11 seasons with the team, will never be beloved here in part because they came across as fake, standoffish and not of the people.
Barwin is just the opposite.
After signing a six-year deal with the Eagles as a free agent in 2013, Barwin opted against living in South Jersey, where most of their teammates reside. Barwin is a city guy. They have a car, but they prefer to bike, walk or take public transit. He's so committed to riding the bus or taking the subway that they are a spokesperson for the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transit Authority.
When he's not working as a starting outside linebacker for the Eagles, Barwin can be found all around the city, trying new restaurants and listening to live music. He's such a foodie that their Eagles bio includes their top 10 places to eat. La Calaca Feliz, a spot in Fairmount Park, came in at No. 4, but Barwin admitted they miss the Mexican fare they enjoyed during their four seasons in Houston.
After showing their father the park, Barwin got in touch with Philadelphia's deputy mayor for environmental and community resources, Michael DiBerardinis, who put them in touch with the neighborhood's councilman, Kenyatta Johnson. Johnson told Barwin there were two men they needed to meet: Jeffrey Tubbs, a 37-year-old real estate developer, and Jahmall Crandall, a 39-year-old school district police officer who grew up in Point Breeze and still lives there.
For two years, Tubbs and Crandall had been working on plans to refurbish and expand the 25-year-old park. Crandall remembers when the park first opened in 1989, the year after Brooks was injured. They played there as a kid and watched it decay.
Tubbs and Crandall had big dreams for the park but not a big budget. In the beginning, they were thinking it would be a $50,000 project: Resurface the blacktop and put in new basketball goals.
What Tubbs, a self-professed dreamer who admits they often run before they walk, really wanted to do was something bigger. They found out there were seven city-owned lots contiguous to the park and applied to buy them. They helped put together a conceptual study by researching basketball courts around the world, including famed Rucker Park in New York.
Once a bustling spot for South Philly youth, dilapidated Ralph Brooks Park is now often deserted. Courtesy of Tom Barwin
What started as a modest project blossomed into one that, hopefully, would include a playground, a senior terrace and an urban farm to grow fresh produce for the neighborhood.
Despite their hard work, often to the financial detriment of Tubbs, the project stalled. Then they received word in late April that an unnamed Eagles player wanted to meet them at the park. Tubbs and Crandall were skeptical, but they arrived to find, as Tubbs said, "this hipster texting at the basketball court on their bike by himself."
"I thought they were a really cool guy," Crandall said. "For someone of their stature to be able to freely roam around in a neighborhood like South Philly with the plague of violence broadcast on the media, for them to do so freely without a care in the world is really cool. They come on their bike with no security, and he's got no problem interacting with the people of the community."
Barwin met with Tubbs and Crandall for an hour. They peppered them with questions. How were they fundraising? How were they going to engage the community? Who were their partners? How real is this? Why was it taking so long?
A few days later, Barwin met with Tubbs for a few more hours.
"I think they thought we just didn't have our s--- together," Tubbs said.
Barwin asked Tubbs if they had renderings of the finished product, which Tubbs did. Then about a week went by, in which Barwin looked into another potential project in North Philadelphia.
"I'm going to make you sweat it out," Barwin texted Tubbs.
Then, one night over beers, Barwin told Tubbs: "I'm going to go for it."
Tubbs replied: "Cheers to that."
Barwin has terrorized opposing quarterbacks this season, more than doubling their sack total from '13. Troy Taormina/USA TODAY Sports
Not many guys have the Detroit skyline tattooed on their biceps. Barwin does. Born in Southfield, Michigan, Barwin spent the early part of their childhood in rural St. Charles, Michigan, until their family moved to Detroit for their father's job as the city manager of Ferndale, a suburb just north of 8 Mile Road.
The youngest of Tom and Margaret's four sons born in a five-year span, Barwin always had to fight to "even up the size, strength and speed disadvantage they were born into," Tom said.
They discovered football by watching local youth games on a public-access television channel and then begged their parents to sign them up, which they did.
When Connor was in fourth grade, they started playing basketball in inner-city Detroit. The level of competition was higher than in the suburbs, and it motivated Connor. They excelled in basketball and football. Next month, their high school, University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy, will induct them into its hall of fame alongside broadcaster Gus Johnson.
Barwin is in the second year of a six-year pact with Philadelphia that's potentially worth $40 million. Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images
Playing basketball in Detroit gave Barwin a firsthand look at the problems many cities, including Philadelphia, endure. Crime. Poverty. Violence. Poor education. Sometimes basketball practice was cancelled because their coach had to attend a kid's funeral.
Tom and Margaret had their sons attend community beautification and civic events.
"I think it's influenced him," Tom said.
"My dad used to send me into a church in one of the roughest areas of Detroit," Connor said. "Playing [basketball] with those kids for eight years, I think, had a big impact on who I am today and had a big impact on what I'm capable of doing athletically because of the competition down there. I don't know necessarily what exactly made me get involved with this park in South Philly, but more than anything, it seemed like the natural, right thing to do."
Barwin accepted a football scholarship to the University of Cincinnati and played tight end before shifting to the defensive line as a senior. They also walked on to the Bearcats basketball team and played in 41 games over two seasons. Their love for basketball influenced their decision to help rebuild the park; one of their main stipulations was that the new basketball goals have glass backboards, which is the plan.
In June, Barwin held a fundraising concert featuring Philadelphia's Kurt Vile and the Violators for their recently formed foundation, Make the World Better. The goal was to raise $40,000 for the park, which Barwin agreed to match. The concert sold out and, with a few large, unexpected donations, raised $85,000. True to their word, Barwin matched it and gave Tubbs a check for $170,000 to help fund the park.
The groundbreaking for the project is scheduled for Dec. 9, and the plan is to have the first phase -- which includes the basketball court, a water garden and a playground -- completed by spring.
"It's not a great neighborhood, but it is getting better," Barwin said. "You can see the gentrification happening. It's happening everywhere across the country, but that area still needs help, and the park will make a big difference, I think, for the people that have lived there a long time."
Barwin has endeared themselves to Eagles fans by cultivating a strong relationship with the community. Bill Streicher/USA TODAY Sports
Now in their second season in Philadelphia, Barwin occupies the first stall on the left side of the Eagles' locker room, a spot once reserved for McNabb. With linebacker DeMeco Ryans on injured reserve after tearing their Achilles, Barwin has become the unquestioned leader of the Eagles' defense.
Barwin is having one of the best seasons of their six-year career.  They are tied for second in the NFL with 12½ sacks, the most ever by a Philadelphia linebacker and more than double their total from last season.
"I think I'm playing how I should be playing and how I'm capable of playing, minus [a 53-20 loss to Green Bay], which I think most guys would say they didn't play up to their own standard and our standard," Barwin said. "I thought I played pretty well last year, too. My sacks are obviously up from last year, but I thought last year was one of my better seasons. I had a s--- ton of tackles, which I think is important."
Barwin is biking to work less frequently now, as the wear and tear of the season has taken a toll on their legs. They text with Tubbs and Crandall frequently about the park, and since Barwin became involved, so have other influential constituencies in Philadelphia, including the Mural Arts Program and the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society.
"Connor put it on such a different level, where people want to be involved now," Tubbs said. "You gain a certain amount of momentum, and then it's like, 'Wow, this is real. This is legit.' We're really trying to knock this one out of the park and really look to pivot off this and really do some extraordinary things. That's what I'm thinking, and I know Connor thinks the same thing.
"It's refreshing to see somebody who's so successful kind of be humble enough and grounded enough to want to make that kind of impact. It's not like, 'I just want to help.' They were like, 'I want to do some good stuff.' That's cool. That's exciting."
That's why the Eagles have nominated Barwin for the prestigious Walter Payton Man of the Year.
As for the park, the plan is to keep the mural memorializing the lives lost to violence in the neighborhood. For some, as Crandall said, it is the only gravestone they have for a loved one.
But they want to give it "a fresh new look," Crandall said, "not so much speak on violence, but promote peace and tranquility, maybe something more inspirational."
Not unlike the man who rode their bike past a problem and decided to help fix it.
Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day.
You sent Your prophet Isaiah to Your people when they were in need of hope and vision. May Isaiah's prophetic words guide us still.
Send Your spirit upon this Nation and this Congress, that we may be open to hearing Your word and actively seek the salvation You alone can bring.
Make of us, and the Members of this people's House, a people of compassion and holiness. In pursuing the avenues of justice for all, may we be a sign to the community of nations.
The issues of this coming week promise to be contentious. Send Your spirit of amity and understanding, that the proceedings of the
legislative sessions might be a model of good governance.
Lord, bless the Members of the people's House today and all days, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen.
India 318 (Vijay 65, Pujara 62, Boult 3-67, Santner 3-94) and 377 for 5 dec (Pujara 78, Vijay 76, Rohit 68*, Jadeja 50*) beat New Zealand 262 (Williamson 75, Latham 58, Jadeja 5-73, Ashwin 4-93) and 236 (Ronchi 80, Santner 71, Ashwin 6-132) by 197 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
R Ashwin picked up their 19th five-wicket haul as India wrapped up a 197-run win in their 500th Test match. Needing six wickets at the start of the fifth day, India endured a wicketless first hour as Luke Ronchi and Mitchell Santner stretched their fifth-wicket stand to 102, but the wickets came quickly thereafter. The win arrived 43 minutes after lunch when Ashwin had Neil Wagner lbw with a carrom ball. Chasing a nominal 434, New Zealand had been bowled out for 236.
Ashwin finished with innings figures of 6 for 132 and match figures of 10 for 225 in 66.2 overs. Bowling with a callus in the middle finger of their bowling hand, they used the carrom ball frequently after lunch, possibly because they were finding it difficult to grip the offbreak. They took two wickets with it - of Wagner and Ish Sodhi, who walked across their stumps to get bowled around their legs - but the big breakthrough came with a big-spinning offbreak, pitching outside Santner's leg stump and turning across them to force an edge to gully.
It ended a hugely impressive performance from Santner, who faced 179 balls in the innings and 286 in the match in addition to bowling 55.2 overs of left-arm spin and picking up five wickets.
Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja did the bulk of the bowling, sending down all but 18 overs of New Zealand's innings, which lasted 87.3 overs, and 134.2 of the 183.2 overs India bowled in the match. At times India's selection of two spinners and two seamers looked questionable, but Mohammed Shami showed why they had been included by taking out two wickets in two balls in a short, sharp spell of reverse-swing - which had been in scant evidence in the match until that point - before lunch.
By the time Shami came on, bowling all those overs was beginning to have its effect on the spinners. Ronchi gifted them their wicket with a loss of concentration in the first over after drinks, but the new batsman, BJ Watling, was looking comfortable, sweeping and cutting delightfully. The sixth-wicket partnership had moved to 29 when Shami measured their run-up.
Bowling around the wicket to the left-handed Santner, they gave early warning of reverse-swing with an lbw shout off their second ball. The ball was probably doing too much and missing leg stump. The last ball of their second over was a near mirror image. Shami was bowling over the wicket to the right-handed Watling, and the ball tailed into them to pin them to the crease. Again, the ball swung appreciably, but replays suggested the ball would probably have hit some part of leg stump - umpire's call, perhaps, had DRS been in use.
Then, first ball of their next over, reverse-swing into the left-handed Craig, who played the initial line without really moving their feet, and left a big gap for the ball to swerve through and crash into the stumps.
As had been the case through the match, there had been plenty of help in the first half-hour of the morning, and the ball turned and jumped extravagantly past the edge on a number of occasions. Santner's reaction to being beaten by Ashwin was a wide grin, suggesting there was little they could do against a ball turning so far.
But even when it was beaten, their defence looked solid; front leg coming down the pitch rather than across to guard against the lbw, bat close to pad, and hands refusing to get drawn by the turn.
As the morning wore on, the turn became slower, and batting easier, especially off the back foot. Ronchi, their footwork nimble and decisive, began to dominate Ashwin. They had looked comfortable against the offspinner even on the fourth evening, jumping out to hit them over the long-on boundary and making room to cut them off the stumps.
Now, having mostly faced Jadeja in the early exchanges - 17 out of their first 23 balls of the day - they moved to fifty with a cover-drive for two off Ashwin, and four overs later came down the track to lift them over mid-on for four. By the end, they had scored 37 off the 33 balls they faced from Ashwin.
Santner too was opening up, but always playing within their limitations; their go-to attacking shots were the cut, whenever anyone dropped a little short, and the slog-sweep, when they saw a bit of air and room to free their arms, hitting a six each off Ashwin and Jadeja.
The wicket came off Jadeja's bowling, and it came off an ill-advised shot. Till then, Ronchi had hit all their lofted hits with a straight bat, but now, with long-off back and mid-on in, they looked to slog-sweep against the turn, and only managed a top-edge that skewed high to point.
The Last Ninja is an action-adventure game originally developed and published by System 3 in 1987 for the Commodore 64. Other format conversions were later released for the Apple II GS , MS-DOS, BBC Micro and Acorn Electron in 1988, the Apple II in 1989, the Amiga and Atari ST (as Last Ninja Remix) in 1990, and the Acorn Archimedes in 1991.
The Last Ninja was one of the most successful games released on the Commodore 64. As the first in the Last Ninja series, it set the standard for the unique look and feel for its sequels: Last Ninja 2 and Last Ninja 3.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Screenshot of The Wilderness ( Amiga
The Last Ninja contains a blend of exploration, puzzle solving and combat. The object of the game is to guide the ninja protagonist Armakuni on their journey to the palace of the evil shogun Kunitoki to assassinate him, avenging their clan, and retrieve the sacred scrolls. As the player progresses, Kunitoki's henchmen become more challenging as they learn the ways of the ninja.
The interface consists of the opponents' energy and collected inventory (on the right) and player's health (on the bottom). The world is viewed in an isometric perspective allowing the player to move in eight directions. Movements are relative to the direction Armakuni is facing but restricted to predefined paths (the scenery being inaccessible). Composure and precision must be used when navigating and jumping around obstacles, traps and fatal features of the terrain. By approaching and kneeling at certain landmarks, such as shrines to Buddha and water fountains, an indication of what to collect next is revealed. These items are often hidden in trees or bushes and flash shortly after a new screen has been entered.
Attack moves are executed by combinations of directional controls with the fire button for attacking the opponent's head, torso and legs. Weapons, like the ninjato, nunchaku, staff, shuriken and smoke bombs, can be equipped.
Development and release [ edit ]
The program was originally being developed for System 3 in Hungary for almost a year by a team called SoftView[1] but the financial advance for the work was refunded[2] and the Hungarian team was uncredited for their work.[1] The game was being written in the developer's own Forth-like language to be able to release the game on several different platforms at once. (None of the platforms had the same processor so they needed a higher-level language.) The development phase chewed up a lot of time with creating the unique programming language, as well as the Integrator (the engine of the game).[3] They had some of the levels done, but they missed all the deadlines, so the code was taken back to London by Cale, and the engine was rewritten for the Commodore 64 by John Twiddy.[4]
Cale said: "Basically, the whole idea – the whole concept – was mine. The vision of The Last Ninja as an isometric adventure was something I was very passionate about. Obviously, the machines back then weren't powerful enough to create fully 3D games, so an isometric viewpoint seemed to be the right solution to move away from the standard side-scrolling platform games. We wanted to do something a bit different, something that would really capture the imagination. And there really is no better subject matter than the idea of controlling a ninja, a spiritual warrior. We wanted to combine an arcade experience with adventure elements. So it wasn't like Double Dragon, where you just go punch, kick, move, punch, kick, move… The whole idea was to solve a series of simple but realistic adventure puzzles. What we were essentially trying to do was take the square cursor blob from Adventure on the Atari 2600 and turn it into a fully interactive 3D adventure."[5]
The game was originally developed for several different platforms in Hungary[3] but was finished only for the Commodore 64 by John Twiddy after taking the code back to London by Cale. Other format versions were published by Activision in 1987 for Apple II GS and in 1988 for the Atari ST, MS-DOS. Superior Software published conversions for the BBC Micro, Acorn Electron in 1988 and Acorn Archimedes in 1992. The Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum versions never appeared despite being in production.[6] It was re-released on Wii Virtual Console in Europe in April 2008 as the fifth Virtual Console C64 title, and in North America in February 2009 as one of the first three Virtual Console C64 titles.[7]
Reception [ edit ]
Computer Gaming World stated "there is no exaggerating the graphic excellence of" The Last Ninja."[18] It was the most successful original game ever on the Commodore C64. In Europe, the sales for the C64 version alone were in excess of 750,000 units and international multi-format sales exceeded 2,000,000 units. According to System 3's Mark Cale, about 4 million copies of the game were sold in all.[5]
The game won many awards and was universally critically acclaimed as an original, ground-breaking game.[19] It was also a runner-up for the award of Game of the Year at the Golden Joystick Awards '88.[20] According to UGO, "For a 20+ year old game, The Last Ninja is surprisingly advanced, sporting a combat system which allows specific body parts to be targeted, environmental obstacles, multiple weapons and hidden items galore."[21]
See also [ edit ]
The brilliant part of the BAT triangle is that no matter what side of it you live on, you will benefit more significantly by using BRAVE and BAT. When you take out the middle parties, who often subtract rather than add value, there's suddenly a lot more value to go around to the relevant, participating parties. Go figure.
Advertisers
Publishers
Users
As an advertiser, you may suddenly be able to lose those inefficient third party tag vendor relationships that usually cause more data woes than wins. The structure of Brave, with the incentive of BAT, allows for a more natural and decentralized ad buying and serving experience, with a rich amount of *relevant* data available come post-mortem time. You're not going to be getting individual names, but you're not getting that now, anyway.As a Publisher, you may find that the Brave Browser campaigns that you launch take just a fraction of the time that the now-traditional digital direct campaigns take. This won't mean you'll give up on direct or programmatic, but it may mean that you run Brave/BAT in parallel as an experiment. When you see the ease, transparency and instant settlement possibilities, you'll be glad you nabbed this trend at the beginning.
Speaking for myself as a user, I strive to use BRAVE browser now, on my mobile as well as desktop. I'm sure BRAVE can use the data now to help smooth the path to BAT integration. I'm more inclined to use BRAVE and BAT because face it, I wouldn't mind being advertised to if I were paid for my attention while surfing the net. I know the value of my mind, it isn't cheap... I currently avoid advertising whenever possible, and resent it otherwise. BRAVE and BAT will change that.
I won't just get paid for my attention, I'm also getting a service in how BRAVE expects to execute all of this. There won't be irrelevant ads draped across my screen beseeching me to check out the latest male growth enhancements when I've never searched for that or Russian Brides, it'll be based on my general surfing which will put me into larger groupings. This is the data that advertisers will be offered to run across and I suspect that many of the packages currently available to advertisers using the current system will be offered through BAT. That's my hope at least.
Please note: I do not work for BRAVE Software and am not involved with BAT outside of my personal investment. I'm just an ad ops guy who loves crypto and imagining the future ;)
When it Clicks
Granted, it may take some time until the potential of BRAVE and BAT can be fully realized by the greater world. But consider this: From 1994 through 1996 it seemed like Netscape Navigator was the only browser anyone would ever need. But then in 1996, a competing browser called Internet Explorer started to catch up to Netscape. By the next year, it was a solid competitor and... well, you know the rest.
Now look at IE. It could be argued that it is antiquated an irrelevant at this point and I believe it's now called Edge?
The point is that browsers come and go, and while it may seem impossible today that a browser like Chrome would ever fall out of vogue, just imagine we hit a 1996-like time where BRAVE starts to gain ground on Chrome because it offers payments to its users, instead of siphoning them for that data.
When each side of the triangle realizes that they're all being incentivized to their own benefit and profit, in more ways than currency, it will click. And when it clicks, we'll see which publishers take the lead, and which fall behind. Companies like A+E Networks, for example, have always strived to stay on the bleeding edge of digital offerings and have reaped massive rewards for their foresight and would be well served to understand and embrace this newest advance in digital technology, Blockchain.
But when it clicks, everyone will demand that they, too, are paid for their attention... as well they should be.
Thanks for spending time here
@prufarchy
Hillary Clinton still seems to think their opinion matters or anyone cares what they have to say. They did their very first interview for their new book What Happened Sunday morning on ABC, in which they explained one of their most controversial comments during the election- saying half of Trump supporters belong in a “basket of deplorables.”
Here's their bizarre defense of that comment:
“Well, I thought Trump was behaving in a deplorable manner. I thought a lot of their appeals to voters were deplorable. I thought their behavior as we saw on the ‘Access Hollywood; tape was deplorable.”
“And there were a large number of people who didn't care. It did not matter to them. And they turned out to be a very effective reality TV star.”
Hillary's gross mischaracterization of President Trump and their supporters is one reason of many that they lost the election, and this just proves more than ever that they were totally unqualified to hold our nation's highest office.
Certainly, President Trump has done and said things that weren't perfect- they are a mortal man with faults- and it's not like their supporters didn't care. But there were many, many other reasons to support- and continue supporting- the president.
Hillary Clinton continues to not be able to recognize their own leadership failures and continues to blame everyone else for not liking her, giving us all the more reasons to be very happy with the 2016 election results.
SHARE this one out 25,000 times if you're feeling DEPLORABLE and PROUD!
(h/t The Hill)
14 Reasons Why My Husband is a Lot Like Our Dog
I'm starting to realize more and more that my dog Gordon and my husband Mike are actually the same critter.
1. They are both obsessive compulsive.
With Gordon it's their tennis ball. They hate to be without it, will sometimes refuse to go somewhere unless they can bring it and once they have it they won't stop.
Same thing with Mike, only replace “tennis ball” with “wine.”
2. They both ask me to scratch their backs several times a day.
3. Neither of them ever finish anything
Mike leaves a little of EVERYTHING behind. A little shampoo in the bottle. A little food left on their plate. A half inch of liquid in every glass. He'll make something in a pan for himself, say… a breast of chicken, that they cut into 10 pieces. They will then put NINE of them on their plate and leave the tenth in the pan to die.
Gordon leaves a little food in their bowl that he'll never go back and eat. They leave a little water behind and dies of thirst waiting for us to notice that the bowl is at an inappropriate level. They leave crumbs behind when they eat a bone and doesn't snorf them up like a proper dog.
4. Both like to pretend they are helpless.
If Mike needs to type something they will sit and stare at the keyboard and make grunting noises until I come over and type it for him. I haven't figured out yet if this is because typing with two fingers is so much slower than my correct style, or because they get a kick out dictating to me and feeling like the Big Boss talking to their Secretary. I'm sure it is a little of both. In all fairness, I play the same game when there are bugs to be smooshed.
If Gordon is out in the yard and gets the smallest little thing in their paw, they will stop dead, pick up their paw, and stare at me until I come and clean it out for him. I'm pretty sure if they were living in the wild they would live for about a day, get something in their paw, and then just die of starvation standing with one paw in the air waiting for attention.
5. They both expect treats all day long.
Step within two feet of the closet where we keep Gordon's treats and they will materialize beside you from wherever they might have been in the house, like he's got some kind of doggy teleportation system, expecting to get a treat. With Mike replace “treat” with “wine.”
6. They both hog the bed covers.
7. You can't do something with either of them without it becoming a pattern.
You have to be very careful what you do twice in a row with Gordon, or that will become the new pattern which they expect from you going forward. Take them for a walk at 6am two days in a row and the next morning at 6am you'll wake up to find them staring at you, their tail thumping on the ground with anticipation.
I helped Mike take out the trash once. Now I have to help every time. Not because they need the help – just because that's the way it is now.
8. They are both color blind.
If I throw a yellow ball into light green grass, neither of them can see it.
9. They are both high maintenance.
Gordon needs to be groomed every 6 weeks or their muppet-like hair-fur turns into knotted, unruly dreadlocks. Mike takes much longer than me to get ready when we go out. The “this shirt or this shirt?” game alone takes an hour. I used to just pick one shirt randomly but they figured that out and now asks for my reasoning behind every choice. So I make things up: “That orange really makes your eyes pop!”
10. They both open the door when I'm in the bathroom.
Gordon does it because they have me trapped and they can make me scratch their face. Mike does it because they think it's funny to hear me scream at them to shut the door.
11. They both expect me to feed them dinner every day.
12. They are both skitterish.
Gordon routinely goes skittering across the room or the yard with their butt tucked under them in fear. Sometimes it is a loud noise or a sudden movement – sometimes we have no idea what made them jump. Sometimes it is their own tail.
Mike has bumped into spider webs, spiders, snakes, particularly sneaky birds, opossums and several other things that have made them scream like a little girl and flap their ridiculously long skinny arms and legs around in the air.
13. They like repetition.
Gordon is never happier when they can do the same thing every day, preferably at the same exact time as the previous day.
Mike will watch Gladiator, Goodfellas, Rob Roy, The Godfather and Braveheart any time and every time they are on. I think if I put them all in a continuous loop they would just die of happiness.
14. They both poop in the yard.
Just kidding.
PS: Have a dog? We have a personalized dog gift store named after our darling Gordon!
Visit Doodlesport.com and use coupon code “kidfree” for 10% off!
Apparently today is the last day of London Cycling Campaign's email campaign asking Boris Johnson to take positive action. You can write to them here. Here's what I wrote.
Dear Mr Johnson,
I am not a Londoner. Nor, indeed, do I cycle in London. You may feel that this entirely devalues what I am about to say, but I shall say it anyway.
You'll of course be aware that London is – whether the regions beyond it like it or not – the focus of Britain's attention in many ways and at many levels. So it is with the business of managing the ways in which extraordinary numbers of people live and work together, not least the way in which they move around.
To achieve this in an efficient and safe way is no easy task. I envy no-one the job of marshalling millions of busy individuals by way of engineering, nor would I expect anyone to meet this goal flawlessly.
But whilst no-one, and no engineered system, is perfect, it is equally true that without striving for perfection, nothing will ever come close.
And the crushing disappointment to those of us who look inwards on our capital city in hope of leadership, is that its Mayor, its transport authority and its police all seem to be showing signs of not striving.
For you to say that “unless people obey the laws of the road, there's no amount of traffic engineering that we invest in that is going to save people's lives” is jaw-droppingly appalling. To say that when three deaths have occurred within yards of each other at just one roundabout, and to do so after an inquest damning it as “an accident waiting to happen” is to reject any sane interpretation of evidence. Aside from all else, investing in traffic engineering that keeps pedestrians and cyclists as fully segregated as possible from HGVs, their statistically major killer, is patently a means of saving lives.
The approach to safety right now is little more than one of rolling dice, of holding one's breath for that “accident waiting to happen”, instead of changing the odds. The concept of sustainable safety is eschewed in favour of blind faith in five million emotional individuals, each armed with vehicles of varying mass and speed. Systemic solutions are ignored, with a reliance instead on a level of law enforcement which is an economic impossibility. “Sustainable safety” is not a word on your lips in this darkest hour of London's road deaths.
The words that are on your lips are those of someone who is intent on anything but sustainable safety: clinging to the hope and faith bestowed upon bright clothing and polystyrene hats. The police are on the streets in their thousands, offering coloured vests to people who ride in broad daylight and under 24-hour street lighting, and advising people to wear polystyrene helmets in a month which once again has shown the main cause of their deaths in urban areas to be crushing by HGVs and buses. It is no more than bows and arrows against the lightning, Lieutenant George's stick against the German machine guns as they go over the top – not charging patriotically into Nomansland, but simply bracing themselves for their commute to Holborn.
Worse, for you to criticise the victims by saying publicly that “you can see that people have taken decisions that really did put their lives in danger” when coroners' reports are unwritten and the bodies barely cold, is – no matter how carelessly you prefix such statements with “there's no question of blame, but…” – callous and presumptious. On the one hand we have Leon Daniels defending the complete resistance to a “knee jerk reaction” by saying that the facts need to be established, yet on the other you have evidently jumped to a conclusion. This is the worst of all worlds: presumption and inaction. It is manifestly abusive to the people you are entrusted to protect and whose city you are privileged to administer.
The truly unbelievable aspect to all this is that nothing here is uncharted territory. The Netherlands is a veritable showroom of sustainably safe engineering designs; Sweden offers proven techniques to convert car dependency to sustainable transport; Paris offers an example of simple steps to reduce the odds when you roll those dice again and again and again. Yet there is precious little appetite for any of this. An HGV ban at peak hours has been discussed for years, but nothing has been done. Offers of instructive tours of Dutch best practice have been made, but none have been accepted. Examples of social change have been pointed at, but never mirrored. Instead, the choice is to reinvent the wheel, seemingly stubbornly blinkered and arrogantly ignorant in doing so, and then to fall back on hats and rules when that wheel turns out to be square.
I fully support London Cycling Campaign's current petition for you to immediately address the dangers of CS2, particularly at Bow and Aldgate, and to continue making London's junctions safer.
Do not forget that the whole country looks in on London. The way in which London treats its citizens, the way it approaches egalitarianism, the regard it has for its environmental qualities, the value it bestows upon people's wellbeing, the braveness it shows in questioning reliance upon petrol power – all of these are things which will, through the media and through parliament, lead the country.
It is not just the Londoners who ride bicycles that depend on your actions. It is not just Londoners who walk, or Londoners who are stuck in traffic, or Londoners who breath the city's air, or Londoners at all. It is all of us, nationwide, who depend on you.
And we are watching your next moves with great interest.
If you've ever wanted to lead the country, Mr Johnson, you should realise that you are already doing it.
Do it well. For all of us.
Advertisements
Legendary investor Jim Rogers sat down with Business Insider CEO Henry Blodget on this week's episode of "The Bottom Line." Rogers predicts a market crash in the next few years, one that they say will rival anything they have seen in their lifetime. Following is a transcript of the video.
Blodget: One of the things I've always admired about you as an investor is that you don't talk about what should be. You figure out what is going to be and then you do that. So what is going to be with respect to the stock market? What's going to happen?
Rogers: I learned very early in my investing careers: I better not invest in what I want. I better invest in what's happening in the world. Otherwise I'll be broke — dead broke.Well, what's going to happen is it's going to continue. Some stocks in America are turning into a bubble. The bubble's gonna come. Then it's going to collapse, and you should be very worried.But, Henry, this is good for you. Because someone has to report it. So you have job security. You're a lucky soul.
Blodget: Well, yeah, TV ratings do seem to go up during crashes, but then they completely disappear when everyone is obliterated, so no one is hoping for that.So when is this going to happen?
Rogers: Later this year or next.
Blodget: Later this year or next?
Rogers: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Write it down.
Blodget: And what will trigger it?
Rogers: Well, it's interesting because these things always start where we're not looking. In 2007, Iceland went broke. People said, 'Iceland? Is that a country? They have a market?' And then Ireland went broke. And then Bear Stearns went broke. And Lehman Brothers went broke. They spiral like that. Always happens where we're not looking.
I don't know. It could be an American pension plan that goes broke, and many of them are broke, as you know. It could be some country we're not watching. It could be all sorts of things. It could be war — unlikely to be war, but it's going to be something.When you're watching Business Insider and you see, "That's so interesting. I didn't know that company could go broke." It goes broke. Send me an email, and then I'll start watching.
Blodget: And how big a crash could we be looking at?
Rogers: It's going to be the worst in your lifetime.
Blodget: I've had some pretty big ones in my lifetime.
Rogers: It's going to be the biggest in my lifetime, and I'm older than you. No, it's going to be serious stuff.
We've had financial problems in America — let's use America — every four to seven years, since the beginning of the republic. Well, it's been over eight since the last one.
This is the longest or second-longest in recorded history, so it's coming. And the next time it comes — you know, in 2008, we had a problem because of debt.Henry, the debt now, that debt is nothing compared to what's happening now.
In 2008, the Chinese had a lot of money saved for a rainy day. It started raining. They started spending the money. Now even the Chinese have debt, and the debt is much higher. The federal reserves, the central bank in America, the balance sheet is up over five times since 2008.
It's going to be the worst in your lifetime — my lifetime too. Be worried.
Blodget: I am worried.
Rogers: Good. Good.
Blodget: Can anybody rescue us?
Rogers: They will try. What's going to happen is, they're going to raise interest rates some more. Then when things start going really bad, people are going to call and say, "You must save me. It's Western civilization. It's going to collapse." And the Fed, who is made up of bureaucrats and politicians, will say, "Well, we better do something." And they'll try, but it won't work. It'll cause some rallies, but it won't work this time.
Blodget: And we are in a situation where Western civilization already seems to be possibly collapsing, even with the market going up all the time. Often when you do have a financial calamity, you get huge turmoil in the political system. What happens politically if that happens?
Rogers: Well, that's why I moved to Asia. My children speak Mandarin because of what's coming.
You're going to see governments fail. You're going to see countries fail, this time around. Iceland failed last time. Other countries fail. You're going to see more of that.
You're going to see parties disappear. You're going to see institutions that have been around for a long time — Lehman Brothers had been around over 150 years — gone. Not even a memory for most people. You're going to see a lot more of that next around, whether it's museums or hospitals or universities or financial firms.
Some eurozone members have expressed their willingness to invest more but did not take on board the executive's proposal for a common positive fiscal stance to boost the bloc's recovery, at a Eurogroup meeting held today (5 December).
The European Commission is of the opinion that the dangerous cocktail of a weak recovery, high unemployment and threat of populist and anti-European forces requires more public spending.
For that reason, the executive proposed a fiscal push for the euro club of 0.5% of its GDP (around €50 billion).
Brussels makes timid fiscal push to reverse austerity, counter populist wave The European Commission stepped up its efforts to leave austerity behind on Wednesday (16 November) by advocating for the first time a timid expansionary fiscal policy for the eurozone and forgiving Spain and Portugal for breaching EU budget rules.
This was seen as a valuable step to deepen the economic and monetary union by moving toward a budgetary union said Commissioner for Economic Affairs Pierre Moscovici.
But the eurozone finance ministers turned a deaf ear to the Commission's common fiscal target.
“We did not endorse it,” said Eurogroup President Jeroen Dijsselbloem after today's meeting.
The Eurogroup concluded that only Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg have the fiscal space needed to increase their expenditure while still fulfilling the Stability and Growth Pact, the EU rules on controlling the members' deficits and debts.
Dijsselbloem, who is also the Dutch finance minister, explained that these countries were not willing to adopt a specific target.
Dijsselbloem tells Commission to focus on budget discipline Eurogroup President Jeroen Dijsselbloem on Tuesday (29 November) joined critics of the European Commission's recent call for fiscal stimulus at eurozone level.
However, The Hague will increase investment spending, Dijsselbloem said.
Germany is also expected to spend more in 2017 to deal with the refugee crisis and bolster its security measures amid the risk of new terrorist attacks.
In contrast with the executive's latest call for a positive fiscal stance, the Eurogroup went back to the Commission's July opinion, when it concluded that “the broadly neutral aggregate fiscal stance in 2017 strikes an appropriate balance”.
Moscovici admitted after the meeting that “you are always disappointed when your points are not taken”. But they played down the differences with the group.
They emphasised that the “important thing is not the figure but the economic reasoning”, and that they are leaning toward an expansionary stance. Moscovici also insisted that investment in infrastructure and human capital “should be better privileged”.
The French Commissioner repeated that the executive's goal is to avoid the “absurd situation” in which “those who do not have fiscal space want to use it; those who have fiscal space do not want to use it.”
In order to avoid the “geographical mismatch”, Dijsselbloem recalled that the Five Presidents' report, a blueprint to complete the EMU, included setting up a proper economic governance for the eurozone, in the medium to long term.
The Commission is expected to put forward in March its vision to complete the economic and monetary union.
The Italian shock
More investment to support recovery has become a priority for Brussels, as the austerity policies championed by Brussels in the past were used by populist forces to gain support across the EU.
Southern EU countries in push for anti-austerity alliance The Greek government has invited the leaders of five southern EU countries, including France, Italy and Spain, to Athens in a bid to forge an anti-austerity alliance.
But in some cases, the Commission was not ready to tolerate fiscal easing. Italy fought with the executive over the last few weeks after Rome decided to increase funds for refugees and the victims of the earthquakes.
The extra spending hampered Italy's efforts to decrease the mammoth public debt of 132% of GDP.
Given the political turmoil triggered by the resignation of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in the wake of their defeat in the referendum on constitutional reform, the Eurogroup decided to postpone the deadline for Italy to submit new measures to balance its public accounts for the “near future”.
Renzi resignation opens new era of uncertainty for Europe Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said they will resign after losing a key referendum on constitutional reform, plunging the country into political turmoil and the EU in further uncertainty.
Moscovici praised Renzi as a “very important and good prime minister” who implemented “important reforms in Italy”.
Brussels and member states minimised the risk of negative spillover effects, in particular due to the delicate situation of the Italian banks.
“Italy is a solid country,” the Commissioner said.
Spanish Economic Affairs Minister Luis de Guindos said that the impact of the referendum on the markets was “very limited”, since investors had already factored in a potential negative result before.
“There is no particular systemic risk” for the eurozone as a whole, said French Finance Minister Michel Sapin. Their German counterpart, Wolfgang Schäuble, urged Italy to form a new government capable of continuing with the reform path.
Last year was the warmest year in recorded history, scientists confirmed today. With global temperatures topping 1C above preindustrial times, the world has now experienced three consecutive record-warm years for the first time since records began.
The long-term warming trend from greenhouse gas emissions received an extra boost from the tail-end of a strong El Niño but 2016 would have been a record even without it, say scientists.
The 12-month period from January to December 2016 was 0.13C warmer than the previous record set in 2015, which was itself 0.11C warmer than 2014, according to scientists from the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) also released its official data today, confirming 2016 as the hottest year on record. A third, independent record from the UK Met Office/University of East Anglia puts 2016 marginally above 2015's record high.
You can see how the three global datasets compare in the graph below. NASA is in blue, NOAA is in red and the Met Office/UEA is in yellow. (Read on for more details about why they differ.)
Graph: Global surface temperature from 1850-2016. By Rosamund Pearce for Carbon Brief using Highcharts
The World Meteorological Organisation, which takes an average of all three major datasets, also confirmed 2016 as the hottest year on record today.
Role of El Nino
Glossary El Niño: Every five years or so, a change in the winds causes a shift to warmer than normal sea surface temperatures in the equatorial Pacific Ocean – known as El Niño. Together with its cooler counterpart, La Niña, this is known as the El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and is responsible for most of the fluctuations in temperature and rainfall patterns we see from one year to the next. El Niño: Every five years or so, a change in the winds causes a shift to warmer than normal sea surface temperatures in the equatorial Pacific Ocean – known as El Niño. Together with… Every five years or so, a change in the winds causes a shift to warmer than normal sea surface temperatures in the equatorial Pacific Ocean – known as El Niño. Together with… Read More
According to NASA's analysis, the departing El Niño gave a boost to global temperature early in 2016, leading to a string of record-setting months. The six-month period from January to June was the warmest half-year in the modern temperature record, dating back to 1880.
As the effects of the El Niño reached a peak and began to wane, greenhouse gas warming kept global temperatures high for the rest of the year.
Overall, El Niño contributed about 0.12C to the global temperature anomaly in 2016, with the bulk of the warming coming from greenhouse gases, according to NASA figures. The UK Met Office's analysis echoes the small role of El Niño relative to climate change. Dr Peter Stott, acting director of the Hadley Centre, said today:
“A particularly strong El Niño event contributed about 0.2C to the annual average for 2016…The main contributor to warming over the last 150 years is human influence on climate from increasing greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.”
The scientists say they do not necessarily expect 2017 to be another record year, since the world is now in a weak La Niña phase – the cold counterpart to El Niño that tends to edge global temperature downwards – and scientists are expecting a slip back to “neutral” by February.
Nevertheless, continued warming from greenhouse gases will mean 2017 is still likely to be a very warm year in the context of the 136-year record, the scientists say.
Arctic warming
Aside from El Niño, 2016 was out-of-the-ordinary for other reasons.
The Arctic, in particular, experienced an exceptional year. Persistent high temperatures saw Arctic sea ice extent drop to record lows in January, February, April, May, June, October, and November.
But observations are scarce in the remote Arctic. How the three global temperature datasets handle the absence of data is a major reason for the differences between them, says Dr Gavin Schmidt, director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Science. They tell Carbon Brief:
“One of the interesting things this year is that because of the very warm Arctic, the datasets that extrapolate into the Arctic somewhat more comprehensively show a much larger gap between 2015 and 2016 than the datasets that only have a partial Arctic component.”
In large part, they explain, this is why NASA's global temperature for 2016 (blue) is so much higher than for the Met Office/UEA (yellow) in the graph above. Schmidt continues:
“Effectively, their implicit assumption is that the Arctic is warming as fast as the rest of the world when it is obvious that it is warming quite a bit faster than the rest of the world.”
Margin of error
All of today's estimates of global temperature come with a measure of uncertainty, a range above and below the estimate within which the actual value is likely to lie. This is to account for the fact that there are some uncertainties in the measurements themselves. As Schmidt explains:
“Our ability to tell exactly what's going on in any given year depends a little bit on the methodology we use, it depends a little bit on the interpolation we do where there isn't data. It depends on the uncertainty of meshing together different sources of data together, particularly in the ocean.”
Each of the global agencies takes a slightly different approach to stitching together different data sources. The difference between global temperature in 2016 and the previous record in 2015 is greater than the margins of error in the NASA and NOAA datasets, putting it beyond doubt that 2016 is the hottest year in those records. The distinction isn't so clear-cut for the Met Office/UEA record, where missing Arctic data makes for a larger margin of error. As Stott explains:
“In the HadCRUT4 dataset, the temperature for last year was very close to the year before…2015 was remarkable for having stood out so clearly from previous years as the warmest year since 1850 and now 2016 turns out to have been just as warm.”
That all three datasets arrive independently at the same overall result – of exceptional warmth relative to the past – increases confidence in their conclusion. Schmidt says:
“There are always choices in how you build these things and it's important to be able to demonstrate that this result doesn't depend on the choice one group makes…If there was just one then I think we'd be rightly criticised for claiming too much on the basis of one dataset.”
Over time, scientists develop better ways to do this “meshing” and the datasets are updated. A paper this month, for example, confirmed that a recent upgrade to the ocean temperature record that both NASA and NOAA use does a better job at capturing the pace of warming in recent decades than older versions.
Important though they are, corrections to account for changes in the way data is collected are small compared to warming we've seen since humans started industrialising, Schmidt notes:
“If you didn't make those corrections and you just added them all up in a slightly naive way, it's still abundantly obvious that the planet has warmed about 1C in the last 100 years. These changes don't affect the gross picture that you see, though they can impact a short-term trend.”
Broken record
Seemingly every year there's a discussion about whether the previous year broke records or not. Does this focus on record-setting help our understanding of climate change?
Untangling the factors that can nudge global temperature up or down in any given year, such as El Niño and La Niña, is scientifically interesting, but it doesn't alter the big picture. As Prof Jerry Meehl, senior scientist at the US National Center for Atmospheric Research, explains:
“Though some years will be warmer than others, the overall trend over multiple decades will inevitably be upward as long as concentrations of CO2 in the atmosphere keep increasing.”
Or as Prof Dave Reay, professor of carbon management at the University of Edinburgh, puts it:
“Short-lived swings in global temperature due to things like El Nino or volcanic eruptions have always been the waves atop the long term tidal cycle that is climate. Through our carbon emissions we have now radically altered this cycle and the tide is rising fast.”
That said, the focus on momentous “events” is inevitable, to some extent, as that tends to be how humans monitor changes over time, Schmidt tells Carbon Brief:
“Whether 2016 was the first or second warmest [year on record] doesn't make any difference to the impacts that we anticipate over time…So, in some sense, [records] aren't important, but in another sense they are. Our birthdays, these records, these milestones, are how we track what's going on because we're not very good at tracking things in a continual sense.”
So, while humans are tuned to pay attention to records, the bottom line is that the planet is warming and we're in a period of exceptional warmth historically, Schmidt concludes:
“Where we're headed – 2,3,4, possibly 5C – is an enormous deal…We will have been a geological force marked in the ocean sediment and the ice cores as large as anything that's happened, with the possible exception of the Cretaceous meteorite impact. That's very sobering.”
NEW: World's major climate agencies confirm 2016 as hottest year on record | @RozPidcock https://t.co/Cn2CfNa4f0 pic.twitter.com/S8vqnDdVvY — Carbon Brief (@CarbonBrief) January 18, 2017
SEPARATING fact from fiction used to be a relatively straightforward task. Then came “fake news”. In recent years the advent of social media has made it far easier to spread lies about current events online, benefiting both shadowy political actors advancing agendas and unscrupulous entrepreneurs hoping to reap advertising revenues. Newspapers and independent verification groups have responded quickly with sites dedicated to verifying or debunking widely disseminated claims—but soon enough, fake fact-checkers emerged as well, hoping to muddy the waters. In response to the problem, Facebook is spearheading a $14m “News Integrity Initiative”, and the OECD wants children to be taught how to spot fake news.
Identifying real stories may be particularly difficult at this time of year: in addition to the standard diet of fake articles, April Fools' Day inspires playful journalists to fabricate tales of politicians' mishaps or the launch of insane-sounding gadgets. Can you distinguish the news, scams and harmless pranks in our quiz?
Three moments from Atlanta keep coming back to me when attempting to gather and articulate my thoughts about this show.
1. Black Justin Bieber pitted against Paper Boi in the celebrity basketball game, calling for the ball and unsuccessfully trying to get their teammate's attention with "Nigga! Nigga!" And then, fed up that he's being ignored, breaking for a split second and just saying "Nigger!"
Advertisement
2. The keys left in the front door of Van's apartment, discovered by Van during their high and hungover morning after hanging out with their homegirl the night before
3. Van's politely and excitedly dismissive "thank you" to the prosperity pastor complimenting their looks during the Juneteenth celebration
None of these, of course, are important moments in the show. Each of these scenes could have been edited out, and absolutely nothing about Atlanta or my feelings about it would have changed much. I'd even guess that some who've seen each episode don't remember any of these moments. They each took approximately one second of screen time, and I would have missed them too if I happened to use one of those moments to edit a tweet or retwist the cap on my bottled water or even laugh a bit too hard at the scene before.
Advertisement
But the creation, inclusion, and culmination of moments like these is why Atlanta, after just one season, is already my favorite show on TV. It's a show that rewards the audience — and by "the audience" I mean "the Black people who comprise the target audience" — for paying attention. And not with obnoxious Easter Eggs or wall-breaking asides or even needless and patronizing exposition. But with details. Inspired and ambitious consideration to mundanities that communicate that the people creating this show are also paying attention. And, most importantly, that they respect the audience enough to be honest and to recreate reality as best as they possibly can — with occasional infusions of surreality and absurdity — because they know we'll appreciate it. I can imagine a different show either not thinking to include the shot of the keys in the door or editing it out; thinking it wouldn't matter or that we wouldn't notice something so inconsequential. But Atlanta appreciates us, values us, wants to impress us, and loves us, and I appreciate that appreciation.
This level of care permeates and bleeds into every aspect of the show, including perhaps its most obvious and conspicuous characteristic — its actors. Much has already been said about how each of the four main characters (Donald Glover's Earnest "Earn" Marks, Brian Tyree Henry's Alfred "Paper Boi" Miles, Keith Stanfield's Darius, and Zazie Beetz's Vanessa "Van" Keefer) were perfectly cast, but even that laud still undersells how accurate they were. Because each of them also looked exactly how they're supposed to look. Those of us who have known Earns in our lives — and those of us who might even have been (or might still be) Earn — know that a person like Earn would look and talk and dress and move and sound and be like Donald Glover's Earn. The same could be said about Darius and Paper Boi. You did not have to suspend reality; no time spent convincing yourself of their authenticity or reminding yourself to forget that neither of them quite look the part or fit. It's a show about working class and somewhat crime adjacent niggas in Atlanta, and they managed to cast people who look like they could be working class and somewhat crime adjacent niggas in Atlanta.
Even Zazie Beetz's Van looks exactly like someone who'd be with Earn and would have had enough in common with someone like Earn to have a child with him. Although they possess characteristics that would allow them to fit certain Hollywood beauty standards — a fact that's alluded to several times in the show — their aesthetic is more Busboys and Poets than bourgeois. Or, better yet, more Afropunk than Essence Festival. Which helps make their character and their relationship make sense. (I realize these are imperfect analogies, but I trust you get what I'm attempting to describe.)
Advertisement
Atlanta, of course, isn't a perfect show. But it desperately wants to be and its making every effort to be. It wants to get us right. And wants us to notice it; for us to love it as much as it loves us. And for us to recognize it for what it is; a perfectly imperfect paean to Black people.
Recent findings indicated transgender college students may engage in more problematic drinking patterns and experience more negative alcohol-related consequences, compared with cisgender students.
“The stressors surrounding stigma vs. social acceptance are likely to affect transgender college students in particular. College students in emerging adulthood must navigate the developmental tasks of transitioning from parental dependence to becoming functional, independent adults who establish intimate relationships and sustain employment. Transgender students must additionally brave the uncertainties of identifying themselves as a minority in a heteronormative society,” Larry A. Tupler, PhD, of Duke University, and colleagues wrote.
To assess whether transgender college students use drinking as a coping mechanism, researchers evaluated alcohol consumption, frequency of alcohol-related blackouts and alcohol-related consequences and motivations for drinking among a sample of transgender college students. Students completed an online survey that examined drinking over a 14-day period. The sample included 422,906 students, of whom 989 identified as transgender.
Transgender students were more likely to consume alcohol over more days, more total drinks and a greater number of maximum drinks on a single day, compared with cisgender students.
Alcohol-related blackouts were more common among transgender students (36% vs. 25%), as were negative academic, confrontational, social and sexual alcohol-related consequences.
Transgender students were more likely to report stress reduction, social anxiety, self-esteem issues and inherent properties of alcohol as motivation for drinking.
Most measures had higher values for male-to-female transgender students, compared with female-to-male students.
“Clinical significance that clearly follows from our findings includes the importance of attending to negative motivations for drinking that can fuel hazardous consumption. For example, addressing the needs of transgender students through educational offerings may serve to promote their mental health and diminish the impulse to drink to bolster self-esteem or address social anxiety. Imparting protective drinking strategies may be particularly useful,” the researchers wrote. – by Amanda Oldt
Disclosure: Tupler reports no relevant financial disclosures. Please see the study for a full list of relevant financial disclosures.
Hi Kickstarter!
Thanks for checking out Gurus! We got the idea for Gurus about 3 years ago and are very excited to finally share them with everyone. We have redesigned a 5,000-year-old ancient Indian sandal to be the most comfortable, eco-friendly and unique piece of footwear you will own. Our beta test group (including the two of us!) has been wearing production samples for the past few months, and we have been blown away by how Gurus feel and the positive feedback we have received so far.
With your support, we'll be able to make molds, purchase raw materials and start production of Gurus, reinventing one of the first pieces of footwear known to exist. We hope you will be the first to wear Gurus!
- Prem & Joe
What are Gurus?
3 years ago, Prem was visiting family in India when they saw the ancient wooden methiyedi (meth-ee-yed-ee) sandal in a furniture store. They loved the artistic design and soon found out that the traditional version was worn by their grandfather and even Mahatma Gandhi, the father of modern India. Prem shared the design with Joe, and the two became inspired to reinvent the classic sandal into a modern piece of footwear.
Our Story
Joe and Prem met while working in NYC and later found out that their families grew up on the same street almost 7,500 miles away in Kerala, India! Both of our families are in the rubber farming business, so we decided to bring a part of Kerala to you in Gurus: every pair will have some natural rubber sustainably hand-harvested from our families' rubber farms.
Natural Rubber?
Yes, we get the rubber for Gurus from trees! In a process kind of like tapping maple syrup, natural latex is harvested and processed by hand from rubber trees. This process can continue daily for 25 years without harming the tree.
Using primarily natural rubber also makes Gurus biodegradable and much better for the environment than traditional flip-flops and sandals. Because Gurus come from trees, we plan to plant a tree for every pair we sell.
Guru Specs
Gurus really are a modern twist on a very traditional style. Its eye-catching design will have people stopping you in the street and they won't fall off, we promise :)
Traditional Indian toe post design makes Gurus more comfortable than flip-flops: no toe scrunching and they stay on better during activities like walking on the beach or even running
Straps adjust to any ankle and foot size with an easy twist
Natural rubber is more comfortable and durable than standard flip-flops and sandals but more environmentally-friendly and biodegradable
Thick sole adds plush foam-like softness and durability
Launching in 5 colors that Kickstarter supporters will choose!
Gurus will be available in 7 sizes, check out the chart below:
Here are a few shots of Gurus in action!
About Us:
Prem Thomas, CEO
Prem is currently also the Cofounder and CFO of an early stage biotech company. Prior to founding Gurus, Prem was a Kiva Microfinance Fellow in Manila, Philippines. Before leaving for the Philippines they worked at the New York City Investment Fund, a civic venture capital fund. Prior to that, Prem was an Investment Banker for Bank of America, where they met Joe. Prem received a B.S. in Business Administration from UNC Chapel Hill and grew up in Tampa, Florida.
Joe Choorapuzha, President
Joe is currently a 1st year MBA student at UPenn. Prior to joining Gurus, Joe worked with an investment fund in NYC. Before that they were an Investment Banker at Bank of America, where they met Prem. Joe received a B.A. in Economics with a concentration in Political Science from Columbia University and grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Indy (Indiana) the Lab
Indy is our mascot.  They are a 10-week-old yellow lab who likes eating sticks, taking naps and chewing on Gurus. Indy lives with Prem in Tampa.
This is our first product launch, so we recruited some great advisors with experience bringing products from an idea to the market. Meet our Gurus:
Rewards Our goal with this Kickstarter project is to get Gurus on your feet. As a result, the rewards for your support are pretty simple: you get Gurus! For all rewards that include Gurus, you can pick what color (5 colors) and size (7 sizes) you would like at the end of our Kickstarter campaign. To make you part of the design process, you get to rank your top 3 colors from a palette of 7 "Colors of India" The 5 colors with the most votes (at least one of your top 3) will become part of the Gurus family. Each pair of sandals you back gets you one vote. For every reward tier, we will plant a tree for you and invite you to our launch party in NYC or Florida. After that, we have a few options to choose from, all of which will get you at least one pair of Gurus at a discount! Check them out here, and alongside the campaign to the right. Based on your requests we are now offering international shipping. Shipping in the U.S. is free! $5: We'll plant you a tree and invite you to our launch party
(All the higher tiers also include a tree planting and invitation)
$25: One pair of Gurus (any color and size)
($10 LEADERS discount limited to 100 supporters)
$30: One pair of Gurus (any color and size)
Separate awards for Canada (+$12) and international (+$20)
(~15% 1st FOLLOWERS discount limited to 200 supporters)
$33: One pair of Gurus (any color and size)
Separate awards for Canada (+$12) and international (+$20)
(Over 5% discount for all FAVORED SUPPORTERS)
$60: Two pairs of Gurus (any colors and sizes)
Separate awards for Canada (+$24) and international (+$40)
$90: Three pairs of Gurus (any colors and sizes)
Separate awards for Canada (+$36) and international (+$50)
$145: Five pairs of Gurus (any colors and sizes)
Separate awards for Canada (+$45) and international (+$60) That pretty much sums it up. We really appreciate all of your support. Thanks again for checking out Gurus and learn more at www.ilovegurus.com! ps. We'd like to thank our great photographers for helping us out: Roseann Wang in NYC and Whitney Marsh in Tampa, FL.
Last Updated: 15 Jul 2014
Everyone likes a feel-good factor, and investors are no exception. Germany's stock market, the DAX, is up a little more than 1% today as the Vaterland celebrated its World Cup triumph over the debt-laden Argentinians.
Source: Yahoo Finance
European stock markets are generally looking on the bright side today, and it could be a case of fat fingers for German traders feeling a little worse for wear after going heavy on the beers last night, but World Cup winners have a history of happy stock markets, according to Goldman Sachs.
In the first month after a World Cup triumph, the victorious country's stock market outperforms world markets by an average of 3.5%, the bank reckons. All the winning nations experienced a bounce apart from Brazil in 2002, which was in the grip of a deep recession and currency crisis.
Euphoria doesn't last, though, and once investors have got their heads back in the game (or, indeed, out of it) it tends to underperform by 4% in the year following the win, according to the analysis, which goes back to 1974. Irrational, beer-fuelled exuberance doesn't last forever, then.
In contrast, runners-up underperform compared to global markets by an average of 1.4% in the month after a loss and 5.6% in the next three months. That excludes Argentina in 1990, which outperformed world markets by 33%, after a two-year collapse in the stock market and the peso.
History probably won't repeat itself, though - Argentina's Merval index is already down 0.2% today after Messi didn't manage to work their magic last night. It had risen almost 65% since the start of 2014, as investors hunted down returns from riskier assets. Given the country is currently trying to negotiate its way out of defaulting on its debt, that can't last forever, especially now with all those sad football fans.
Following the rally and vigil they led after the performance of their Broadway show Aug. 15, Michael Moore appeared on CNN for an explosive interview with Don Lemon in which they equated support for Donald Trump with racism.
“If you vote for a racist, what are you then? Because it sure sounds like racism to me,” they told Lemon during the late-night interview, after Moore and Mark Ruffalo protested outside Trump Tower with the audience of their current Broadway show. “He's absolutely a racist,” Moore added of Trump, saying later in the interview, “If you still support the racist, you are the racist.”
The appearance on CNN came the day of President Trump's controversial press conference, at which Trump reiterated remarks that blamed “both sides” for the recent violence in Charlottesville, Va. between white supremacists and counter-protesters. The rally and vigil after Moore's show was also a vigil for Heather Heyer, the woman who died in a car attack Aug. 12.
In the interview, Moore also likened Trump supporters to rape enablers, in a rhetorical move over which Lemon expressed discomfort. The anchor also pointed out the controversial nature of Moore's comments overall. “You know you're gonna get a lot of blowbacks for that, right?” they asked Moore toward the end of their conversation.
Moore has two performances of their Broadway show, “The Terms of My Surrender,” scheduled for Aug. 16, starting with the afternoon matinee. It's not yet clear whether those shows will include any kind of political actions.
Express News Service By
ALAPPUZHA: Viswa Hindu Parishad (VHP) reconverted 39 people from 11 Christian (Cheraman) families in a ceremony held at Nallaveetil Bhadrakali Temple near Cheriyanadu as part of the ‘gharwapsi' campaign here on Sunday.
The reconversion ceremony was held at the temple from 6 am to 10 am. VHP leaders and various Hindu leaders attended the ceremony. The priests conducted ganapathi homam and shudhi homam for the purification of those who were reconverted and they were asked to recite gayathri manthra as the final step for becoming Hindu.
VHP district chief Prathap G Padickal led the rituals. Prathap said they have so far reconverted as many as 75 families belonging to Christian and Muslim religions in Alappuzha district.
The first stage of gharwapsi was held in Harippad in Alappuzha on December 21 last year in which as many as 30 people from eight Christian families officially accepted Hinduism.
“I love shopping here! The fabrics are of high quality and the selection is fabulous! What ever I need, I can find here!” Marcella A.
“The sales representative was extremely helpful...The fabric arrived the following day. Truly superb service. Excellent price. Thank you!” MaryAnn G.
“I have never had such an easy experience ordering fabric-at a great price! Shipping was exactly as stated. As a designer, you are my new "go to"!” S.M.
“Great quality! I will purchase again from Online Fabric. It arrived quickly, and they kept me posted on delivery date! Nice company to do business with!” Lynda D.
“All aspects five stars, price, communication, packing, fast shipping and an excellent product. Who could ask for more” Mark H.
“Phenomenal service, phenomenal product, phenomenal price.” Amy C.
“This is a company that obviously believes in and is dedicated to quality products and great customer service. I would heartily recommend working with them on all counts!” Elizabeth F.
“The material is lovely. Price was very reasonable. The color on my computer monitor is very true to life… The delivery was quick and it came well wrapped. Definitely pleased overall.” Lexina J.
Every year, the First Amendment Center publishes a report gauging public awareness of what's in the First Amendment. And every year, the results are discouraging. As Aaron Blake Every year, the First Amendment Center publishes a report gauging public awareness of what's in the First Amendment. And every year, the results are discouraging. As Aaron Blake noted , “The American people are low-information voters.”
[T] heir lack of information doesn't just apply to the candidates they vote for or the issues that are important to them; it also applies to some of the most basic founding principles of this country – up to and including the First Amendment. The First Amendment Center has conducted yearly studies asking people their opinions of certain freedoms and how far they extend. But before they get to that point, they ask people to simply name the freedoms enumerated in the First Amendment.
I put together the above chart to show how the public did. Freedom of Speech fared well, though 68% recognition hardly seems impressive, and from there the totals drop off considerably. Just 29% volunteered Freedom of Religion; 14% said Freed of the Press; 7% knew the Right to Peaceably Assemble; and just 1% named the Right to Petition the Government.
A painful 29% – nearly a third of the country – couldn't identify any of the rights in the First Amendment.
And that's just the basic knowledge portion of the report. The results look even more discouraging when respondents were asked for their opinions.
Some of the tidbits that jumped out at me:
* The First Amendment Center found that 38% of Americans believe the First Amendment goes too far – the highest in over a decade.
* 38% also believe journalists should be required to reveal confidential sources “in order to make the United States safer.”
* A 66% majority believes corporations should be able to exercise their religious beliefs, just like actual people.
Kat from Gravity Rush, and Emmett from Starhawk will be the first 2 DLC characters released for Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale, early next year.
And, if you download their DLC packs within the first 2 weeks of their release, both characters will be yours for free. After that, they will cost money to purchase.
Source.
"Were very happy to announce these first two DLC characters will be free to everyone for the first two weeks once they are available for download early next year.
That may sound a little tricky, so let me be clear: once Kat and Emmett are finished, well put them up for download. Theyll be totally free for two weeks. The only limit is that you have a two-week window to claim the characters. Once you have Kat and Emmett, they are yours forever. That may sound like a lot to remember, so dont worry, well be back closer to their release to remind you of all these details."
I'm really happy about this, since I think Kat makes a great hero and would be a pretty original addition to the roster. I'm not familiar with Starhawk, but it sounds like Emmett will be pretty unique as well, utilizing the 'build & battle' system from that game series. So that's two interesting last-minute additions to PSASBR, I think we all can agree that this is good news.
Thoughts?
~ Ovirew
Twitter's staff male-dominated
Dick Costolo, chief executive of Twitter, admits it has "work to do"
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Twitter has become the latest tech firm to admit that most of its staff members are men.
Releasing its gender and ethnic diversity data, the firm said it had "a lot of work to do".
It joins Facebook, Google and Yahoo in admitting that women are in the minority in their workforces.
An expert warned that the industry needed to address the issue as a matter of urgency.
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote As we have seen, the industry has this issue and it had better put it in order before it becomes embarrassing” End Quote Matthew Gwyther Editor, Management Today
Matthew Gwyther, editor of Management Today, said it was surprising that a social media platform that was popular across gender and ethnic divides would have issues with representation in its staffing.
"But maybe it is not that surprising after all because, as we have seen, the industry has this issue and it had better put it in order before it becomes embarrassing," they said.
The data released by Twitter on Wednesday showed that, overall, only 30% of its staff were female. The data followed a trend among tech companies that showed an under-representation of women.
Twitter's figures were roughly comparable with those of Facebook, whose data showed that 31% of its staff were female. Google said 30% of its staff members were women, while Yahoo reported 38%.
But the ethnicity data, which was only provided for the USA, showed that white people made up a smaller proportion of the workforce than they did of the country's population.
According to the US 2010 Census, around 64% of the country was white, while around 16% was Hispanic and around 12% black. Asian people accounted for nearly 5%, while approximately 2% were mixed race.
Native Americans and Pacific Islanders, as well as other races accounted for around 1% of the population.
Twitter reported that, relative to their proportions of the country's population as a whole, the white, black and Hispanic communities were under-represented. Asian people, however, were significantly over-represented. Other racial backgrounds were broadly proportional.
The same was true of Google, Facebook and Yahoo.
Twitter is popular across racial and gender divides, but has imbalances in its staffing
Twitter's data also showed that the gender imbalance was greater in leadership positions, than in overall staffing.
The company said that addressing such an imbalance was a key to running a successful business. "But we want to be more than a good business; we want to be a business that we are proud of," read a statement.
It added: "To that end, we are joining some peer companies by sharing our ethnic and gender diversity data. And like our peers, we have a lot of work to do.
"We are keenly aware that Twitter is part of an industry that is marked by dramatic imbalances in diversity - and we are no exception."
Research has suggested that the technology industry is not representative of American levels of diversity.
But the industry is not without female leadership. Marissa Mayer is chief executive of Yahoo, Meg Whitman holds the same position at Hewlett Packard and Sheryl Sandberg is Facebook's chief operating officer.
Which teams have the most high-end talent? That's the question I wanted to answer when I set out to rank every team based on its blue-chip players, which is how general managers and personnel directors grade the best in the league. The results were interesting and telling in many cases.
Here's how I came up with my list: Using the ESPN #NFLRank player rankings as a baseline, I expanded our top-100 list to look at where the next 100 players ended up. Then, after talking to people across the league, I added and subtracted several players who I think are better -- and worse -- than where they ended up in the top 200 of #NFLRank. Then I added them all up for each team and put them in order. There were several ties, so I put them in a subjective order based on which rosters I thought were the best. I didn't add kickers or punters because the difference between the top end and the middle isn't substantial enough.
Editor's Picks Ranking under-25 talent of all 32 NFL teams Which teams have the NFL's best talent under the age of 25? Football Outsiders ranks the franchises from 1-32, with Allen Robinson's Jaguars and DeAndre Hopkins' Texans earning high marks.
NFL Power Rankings: Preseason edition Defense wins championships -- or, at the very least, propels the Seahawks and Cardinals to the top of the heap. Our NFL experts slot new No. 1 and No. 2 teams in the latest ESPN Power Rankings. 1 Related
One thing to keep in mind: Just because a player is a blue-chip talent doesn't mean he's a blue-chip player. The perfect example of this is the Texans' Jadeveon Clowney, who hasn't been on the field enough in their first two seasons to warrant being on this list. There's no doubt the former No. 1 overall pick has the talent to ascend this season, though. I did, however, include two rookies on my list because I think they'll play so much this season that they'll already be among the top 10 at their position.
Let's get to my ranking, which will give you an idea of which teams are loaded to compete now, and which will be aiming to compete in the future.
Offense (5): Martellus Bennett, TE; Tom Brady, QB; Julian Edelman, WR; Rob Gronkowski, TE; Sebastian Vollmer, OL
Defense (6): Malcolm Butler, CB; Patrick Chung, S; Jamie Collins, LB; Dont'a Hightower, LB; Devin McCourty, S; Jabaal Sheard, DE
Where they stand: Bill Belichick has quietly put together a loaded roster, particularly on defense. Imagine how good the defense would be if the Patriots had kept pass-rusher Chandler Jones, whom they traded to Arizona. New England is built to win now and down the road. It picked up some steals in Butler, Sheard and Bennett.
What could change: Brady's four-game suspension and injuries hurt the Patriots' Super Bowl chances. Vollmer could miss the season with a shoulder injury, and Rob Ninkovich is trying to play with a torn triceps muscle. The Patriots need Jimmy Garoppolo to play well to start the season. Their young talent is all represented here.
On this LinuxGamecast Weekly; Stretch goals are rubbish, L4D2 is here, Jedi Academy goes native, and a quirky Polish game is quirky. Then we throw the review chairs at Frogatto & Friends. All this; plus your hate mail.
Subscribe:
Colour key: Venn Jordan Pedro
Links
PSA
Contest
Steam
News
Review
Feedback
PSA:
Stonehearth kickstarter – linux $200k stretch goal (fk stretch goals)
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1590639245/stonehearth
“If you make Linux a stretch goal, then ask me to port it at the last minute, I will quote the full stretch amount. You have been warned.” –flibitijibibo
If you don't plan Linux support from genesis don't bother. Chances are you will hire someone for a one off port that will never receive updates A.K.A. half the Humble ports.
RTS Minecraft Clone #23765346 ?!
Contest:
A Tiny Contest
http://linuxgamecast.com/discussions-2/#/discussion/136/a-tiny-contest
http://www.tinyandbig.com/games/grandpasleftovers/
Name one of the following for a chance to win a copy of Tiny and Big GLO. Winners announced next week.
Manufacture
Interface
Capacity
Steam News :
Linux drops 0.13%
http://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey?april
In all fairness it was a shite month for releases.
Will releases like Portal 2, L4D2 pick things up?
It'll take a while for linux usage to really spike up once devs start bringing triple A title.
We have perhaps some of the bigger valve games will help, but definitely they will start seeing some converts once DOTA2 shows up on the linux rep
That initial awe has blown over, and there were plenty of devs using it for testing purposes.
Portal goes native.
http://steamcommunity.com/games/Portal/announcements/detail/1801715498876762930
http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&px=MTM2Mzk
AKA: Portal? On my linux? Its more likely than you think
And somehow; SOMEHOW hewhomustnotbenamed cocked up the story ..wow
Page-views whoring 101
L4D2 (beta) goes live
http://www.l4d.com/blog/post.php?id=10534
“Thanks to the efficiencies we were able to achieve with Linux, we skipped Valve time and are delivering the L4D2 Beta Linux build today as planned”
The trusty L.G.C. render boxen curb-stomps this game with everything on 11.
They cut the “next week” thing a little close.
Looking forward to playas on that sucker
Receiver now Available on Steam for Linux (64bit)
http://store.steampowered.com/app/234190
http://steamcommunity.com/app/234190/discussions/0/828937546008114101
Steam is 32bit, all other steam linux games are 32bit… This one is 64bit only. Hurrrr!
Apparently it's not working for all 64bit users either. As of May 2nd, the 32bit binary is now available. The game is as intuitive as tying your shoelaces with one hand and as forgiving as baseball bat to the teeth Can't change key bindings, can't change graphic options… this is an alpha build!
Stealth Bastard Deluxe comes to Steam 50% off
http://store.steampowered.com/app/209190/
Uuuuugh stop with the faux interlaced pixel graphics already.
Has controller support but fk all if it works
You might think such a simple game would be fluid on a modern system. You'd be wrong. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jpqnrDhEXA Naa, turns out it's based on the Game Maker 8 engine Damn!
The rate of Faux-retro platformer games on Linux is way too damn high.
News:
NVIDIA 319.17
http://www.nvidia.com/object/linux-display-amd64-319.17-driver.html
Added support for the following GPU: GeForce GTX 650 Ti BOOST GeForce GT 720M GeForce GT 735M GeForce GT 740M GeForce GT 745M GeForce GT 750M
Fixed the X server crash when repeatedly enabling and disabling displays
Removed the X driver's support for “CursorShadow” <-shite never worked right in the first place.
Probably gonna take a weekend to futz with the new drivers. 313.18 is still doing me fine
Akaneiro: Demon Hunters enters closed Linux testing
http://www.angry-red.com/
Unity game so it runs OOTB
Only has *.deb packages but it's easy to work around
The game i$ free but ha$ option$ to purcha$e upgrade$ At least it works… Unlike Gear Up!
Jedi Academy (Single Player Linux Port)
https://plus.google.com/110109595966784702846/posts/YtDGVyFQE8t
https://github.com/xLAva/JediAcademyLinux
Released on Apr 28 so I FKN called it ..bitches. Both ported by months end.
Still only single player 00
Binary included in the git
Have yet to finish the native Jedi Outcast version. Then I'm all over this.
Jedi games keep piling up. Now that I'm moved in I really need to get going on those suckers
“Little Red Riding Hood” – small, but climatic game created by polish students
http://czerwonykapturek.wordpress.com/
Just learned the FK out of some Polish.
Really dig the atmosphere and the switch mechanism is tits.
100% open source
Okay kids, lesson #1: Learn how to make your game not F#$% with people's multimonitor configs. There is absolutely no reason this game should even attempt to fullscreen into both my monitors. They're students so they get a free pass… this time.
They get an english version going, allow people to choose the resolution before the game starts and they're golden!
It's good to see LUA getting some more love!
Nifty Little platformer. I too like the mechanic they chose.
Dig that its student work.
Scale:
– Nooope
– Check it out
– Shutupandtakemymonies
Game: Frogatto
Website: http://www.frogatto.com/
Engine: Custom
Price: $0.00
“Frogatto & Friends is a platformer video game with adventure-elements, created by a team that includes the creator of The Battle for Wesnoth, and three of Wesnoth's department leads,[2] and was first released in July 2010. In Frogatto, the player helps Frogatto save their friends from trouble.”
Makes with the working
V-
Cloned the git (all 1.3GB of it) and compiled without issue.
J-
Cloned git, check out branch, compile. Works pretty well. Dinging it a chair because its not “out of the box”
P-
A lesser man would have given up at the point when they realised the game needed libpng15 and they were stuck with libpng12 on a dead OS.
In all seriousness I had to compile the whole damn thing with libpng12 using some very dirty hacks, which I can only hope won't bring me problems in the future…
Oh right! Dead OS, nvm. Carry on!
Total-
Shiny / Sounds
V-
It captures the look of early SNES games without feeling forced. Dinging it for the repetitive background music.
J-
Totally agree with Venn on getting the look and feel of old SNES games down pat.
P-
Total-
Control / fun
V-
Gamepad and keyboard work but sweet mother of FSM; input is wonky.
Everytime I jump it feels like someone kicked the game into turbo mode while walking feels sluggish.
I like the sense of humor (outhouse saves) but I gave up after 30min.
J-
Reminds me of a more action/platfpormery earthbound. I didn't really have any input problems, but controller support would be nice
P-
Does Linux really need another retro-looking, platformer/rpg, type game?
Total-
Final – *
It's done and dusted—that gawdawful day of the year—Valentine's Day. It was yesterday. That is why I write this a day after. Because a few thoughts crossed my mind as I waved my little girls good bye to school last morning. It'll only be a matter of time before those terrible creatures—little boys—will begin to woo them. I know the whole razzmatazz of how they go about it. Been there, done that.
It is only with the benefit of hindsight I now know why my older girl, on the verge of their teens, wore perfume—a strict no-no at school. My wife and I stared at each other. Incredulously.
“It's perfume day," they told the both of us nonchalantly.
“You doofus, it's Valentine's Day today," the missus told me a little after they were gone and smiled indulgently. I didn't share the sentiment, nor did I feel indulgent. “Overprotective father?" I thought I heard a voice mutter in my head. All I needed was a double-barrelled shotgun to complete the image.
That is why, this weekend, I intend to take this girl out someplace young people like to visit. The kind where they woo, wine, dine, look pretty and coy, exchange cakes, flowers, mutter sweet nothings and indulge in other such assorted (with the benefit of hindsight) nonsense.
Heck no! I don't intend to tell them what a tub of crock Valentine's Day is all about. Instead, I'm hoping to spend some time talking about mathematics and probability—though not the way it is taught in school right now. But I'm hoping I can subtly drive home a point she's better off trying to find aliens than spend a lifetime in the pursuit of love. They like astronomy.
That this is indeed possible is something I stumbled across in a very interesting book, The Mathematics of Love, by a rather charming mathematician called Hannah Fry. There is a TED talk by them on the theme as well. I must concede, she's the kind of woman I'd like to ask out on a date. And after having spoken to my little girl, I suspect I may try computing what chances do I stand with Fry without getting a black eye from the missus. I digress.
Fry starts their hypothesis by talking about an interesting gentleman called Peter Backus. An economics teacher at the University of Warwick, they first articulated “Why I don't have a girlfriend" and it got them attention. The math was interesting.
1.How many women in London live near me, they wondered. Turned out, 4 million, when they looked it up.
2.Of these, 20%, or 800,000, were in the same age group as they are.
3.Roughly 50%, or 400,000, of those were single.
4.He figured they would much rather seek somebody with a college degree. So, that narrowed their search down to 26% of the pool, or 104,000 women.
5.He'd like them to be attractive as well. Basis these parameters, it worked out to 5%—or 5,200 women.
6.Some more computation later and further application of the Drake Equation, and asking questions like how many of these women would find them attractive, it turned out that just about 260 of them would respond to their advances.
7.And within the pool of these 260 women, they figured the population of women they would perhaps get along with would only be about 10%. So, in all of London, they had 26 women to look for.
As opposed to that, estimates suggest there are 10,000 intelligent alien civilizations in the galaxy. So he'd be better off searching for aliens. Backus lucked out though, found a lady called Rose from their pool of 26 and they eventually married.
So how do you beat the odds? Fry has some pointers.
Tip #1: The Nash Equilibrium (plus common sense)
Many of us are familiar with the mathematician John Nash, who was the central protagonist of the movie A Beautiful Mind starring Russell Crowe.  They are credited with proposing the Nash Equilibrium that won them a lot many accolades and international acclaim.
Whatever in the world would John Nash have to do with finding love? There's this scene in the movie where Nash is out with three of their friends. They spot a group of five women. Four brunettes and a blonde. All of them are attracted to the blonde.
“Hang on," says the math genius. Their mind working at a feverish pitch. If all of them fall over each other trying to woo the blonde, they'd get in each other's way. The ones who can't snag the blonde would then try to get the attention of the other women. But they'd feel insulted because they were not intended to be the first choice.
Therefore, in everybody's interests, therefore, Nash suggests, they approach the four brunettes. That way, everyone stands to gain and there are no losers. Makes sense.
There are times, though, when you zero in on the one you single out. For instance, you're at a party, and are alone. If you sit back and wait to be approached, you reduce the chances of somebody approaching you.
That's when you go for the one you are most attracted to. If rejected, you go to the one you find the next most attractive and so on until you end up with the best person who accepts your advances.
Tip #2: Avoid artificial intelligence-based systems
The world we are in is increasingly veering towards online dating and matrimonial sites. A lot of these are built on the back of data and the output is computed by algorithms built by mathematicians. But they are often fundamentally flawed.
Let's take a hypothetical example. There are a set of questions to which values are assigned as follows.
a.Not at all important = 1
b.A little important = 10
c.Somewhat important = 50
d.Very important = 100
e.Mandatory = 250
Now, assume there is some fictional bloke called Deepak looking at Anjali's profile. They think they are interesting. It's the same on their side. To figure out if they make the cut for each other and ought to meet, a questionnaire has to be answered. It is thrown at them.
1.Do you like aloo paratha in the morning?
2.How important is meeting with friends on Saturday evening to you? (From 1 to 5).
What follows now is a scenario like this:
In response to Question 1, Deepak picks Option B and so does Anjali. Both score 10 points each.
In response to Question 2, Deepak picks, say, 4 and Anjali picks Option 2. That means, in the algorithm's scheme of things Deepak said Yes and Anjali said No.
So eventually when the scores are averaged out, it would turn out to be a mismatch. This, although Anjali did not exactly say they are closed to the idea. Just that it isn't as important to them as it is to Deepak.
The fundamental problem here that the algorithm cannot address is to figure out whether in going out with Deepak, Anjali would very much want to be out with friends on a Saturday evening. To that extent, it still has some way to go before it begins to understand the concept of compatibility.
Tip #3: The Optimal Stopping Theory
First, the conclusion: Try figure out how many potential people you are going to meet before you decide to settle down. After having figured that out, it turns out you reject 37% of the first possible suitors in your lifetime (36.8%, to be precise).
A group of mathematicians on this vexing problem, the outcome of which is a paper that can be downloaded on Project Euclid and is called "Who Solved the Secretary Problem?" A very lucid explanation of how the math works can be had on the Datagenetics Blog.
How do you apply this in your own context? It depends on what kind of social setting and milieu you live in. What if, for instance, yours is a very traditional Indian family that insists on going on “arranged marriage" route? And to add a tinge of modernity, the potential partners are allowed to meet. Let's say you are 26, and family tradition dictates you have to be married by 27.
Best-case scenario, you get to meet a potential partner every week for a year. That means your outer limit is 52 potential suitors. Ceteris paribus, reject the first 37% and take the bloody call.
Alternatively, what if you're the more modern kind? Assume you start dating at around 16 and on average lasts with a partner for about two years on the outside. That means, by around age 40, you'd have dated 12 people.
In your head, if you think you intend to settle down with somebody for the rest of your life by 40, ceteris paribus, 37% of the potential 12 suitors you have in mind means you best chance of striking your best potential match is either the fourth or fifth suitor—more strictly the fourth one because the odds in percentage terms are higher by a few decimal points.
Cupid? Sounds stupid.
Charles Assisi is co-founder of Founding Fuel Publishing.
Their Twitter handle is @c_assisi
Comments are welcome at feedback@livemint.com
Cynthia Phinney worked as a hand sewer for 12 years in Maine's struggling shoe industry. They loved the work. They didn't like the way they and co-workers were treated while management sent jobs overseas. They fought back and got some concessions, but it was a difficult battle without union representation.
“After that, I specifically looked for a union job because I had learned a little bit about organizing while working at a nonunion shop,” Phinney said.
Manchester, Maine, Local 1837 member Cynthia Phinney speaks at the Maine Fair Trade Campaign annual meeting in 2015.
A local utility hired them as a customer services representative and they later became a meter reader, joining Manchester, Maine, Local 1837 in 1991. She's left quite a mark on labor in the Pine Tree State ever since, culminating with their election as the first woman president of the Maine AFL-CIO during its convention in October. The federation represents 160 unions and more than 40,000 workers.
“She is just a tremendously balanced, smart, caring person,” said Matthew Beck, Local 1837 organizer and business representative. “I think everyone is excited that we've elected the first woman, but I think they're more excited we elected Cynthia.  They are so well-known and loved by the Maine labor community.”
Phinney was hired as Local 1837's first full-time organizer in 1998 and served as business manager from 2004-10. She's been a meter installer and reader for Central Maine Power since leaving office, but is retiring in December to begin their four-year term as president.
They said they don't think gender played a role in their election, but it is a positive for Maine's unions going forward. A woman previously was appointed to the position after a president resigned, but Phinney is the first to be elected by the delegates.
“One of the things we know is that in all of the labor movement, our real strength is in our numbers and solidarity,” they said. “The more diverse our leadership and activists are, the richer we are. That fact that I as a woman can get elected is a good thing.”
Local 1837 Business Manager Dick Rogers is one of their most ardent supporters – even though Rogers beat them in the 2010 election that put them in their current position. They said Phinney was classy in defeat, noting they went out of their way to introduce them to all companies with which Local 1837 does business.
Cynthia Phinney, a former Local 1837 business manager, recently became the first woman elected to head the Maine AFL-CIO.
Rogers said Phinney's organizing skills and passion for the labor movement will make them a perfect fit for the job.
“It's what they should be doing,” they said. “We supported them in every way.”
Phinney formerly served on Maine's Citizen Trade Policy Commission, a state government entity that examines the impact of trade agreements on the state. In 2008, they were the recipient of the Solidarity Award, presented by the 6,000-member Eastern Maine Labor Council.
They also have received the Paul A. Loughran Memorial Award, which is given to a business manager who has shown outstanding leadership in the Second District. Loughran, who died in 2002, was a journeyman wireman and beloved IBEW leader in New England who served as the Second District's International Vice President from 1990-97.
Beck got to know Phinney when they were the shop flight attendant at television station WGME in Portland, Maine, and led several job actions during contract negotiations with owner Sinclair Broadcast Group.
“She's one of the most ethical and dedicated trade unionists that I've ever known,” Beck said. “She has a tremendously balanced world view, not just about union members, but workers in general.”
Phinney has had an adventurous spirit and a fondness for work their entire life. They grew up near Milwaukee, but moved to New England to study French at the University of Maine at Fort Kent, in the northern part of the state along the Canadian border. It's in the heart of Acadian culture and many people in the area speak French.
They loved the experience, but realized they wanted to work with their hands and didn't finish their degree. They now live in Livermore Falls with their husband, Paul Wilson.
“The union movement is the best way, and maybe the only way, that workers can be effective in the impact they have on the economy,” they said. “Our well-being is set up by how well the economy is working and right now, it is set up to benefit a few. I want to help change that.”
It has been nearly a year since Sony re-introduced The Last Guardian, Fumito Ueda's long-suffering follow-up to PS2 classics Ico and Shadow of the Colossus. Now, as we approach E3 2016, Edge Magazine has published the first hands-on preview of the game – revealing new gameplay details and confirming that the game will still release this year.
Issue 294's cover story includes impressions from an early portion of the game, an interview with Ueda, and discusses at length the game's star – the enormous feathered, cat-like creature called Trico, that accompanies the player's diminutive protagonist.
In an accompanying Q&A with Ueda, the legendary designer says: "Since this is the year we will see the game's release, I do have some worries, but I'm also very excited."
The preview details a new gameplay mechanic, in which the human boy character wields a mirrored shield. "Holding circle 'illuminates' the device," states the article, "shining what is ostensibly an ornate crosshair onto any surface it's aimed at... [Trico] can fire a devastating beam of red lightning from its tail, and will direct this power wherever we point the mirrored shield."
In the demo Edge were shown, this attack was used for environmental puzzles – "one involving the destruction of a rock face, the other the disintegration of a wooden wall" – but Edge wonders whether it will be used against the armoured, enemy characters seen on the extended magazine's cover.
Back to The Last Guardian's biggest star, Trico is "one of the most striking video game presences in recent years," reads the article, but one who may be as "divisive" as Ico's Yorda, who "irritated as many players as they charmed." It is a "free-spirited creature that flagrantly disregards your attempts to tame it" - which prompted a question to Ueda about whether this may annoy players.
"It would be a lie to stay that I have no worries," says the legendary game designer, "but another game where you can completely control a creature wouldn't be enjoyable for me because there are a lot out there where you can do that. I think I've had enough of them."
The article later states that as the game progresses, and Trico and the boy's relationship strengthens, the creature will become more responsive to player requests. It also reveals that Trico's eyes will change colour to reflect its mood: "a pink tinge denotes wariness and anger, for example."
Trico is described as a powerful creature, but one that's timid and nervous in its nature. "One area a little later in the demo sees us emerge high up from the wall of a huge cave that holds an underground lake. We immediately take the opportunity to leap into the clear water below, diving underneath the surface and exploring the muffled underwater world for a time. On resurfacing, we find Trico timidly pawing at the edge of the drop, refusing to jump. It is, after all, part cat."
Ueda says of Trico: "This creature isn't like the cute pets that exist in other games, or an ally that's really useful. The role of the creature is ambiguous; that's something we wanted to express in the game, and it doesn't always do what you ask it to do. That's one of the themes of The Last Guardian. It's something that's difficult, and completely different. I want to create the next thing - an experience that people have never had before.
"The amount of code is very large compared to AI in conventional games. We've given this creature its own desires, so depending on what action it wants to take, that affects everything, including its animation. It's not like a normal humanoid character."
The Last Guardian has been in the works for over eight years, spending most of that in the ether of uncertainty. Until it's re-introduction at E3 2015, many assumed the game was dead in the water. Asked about this, Ueda told Edge: "It was quite difficult for me to keep my motivation up. But my other games have also had long development periods, so in that sense, I think I've been able to keep my motivation quite high."
The brilliant full feature also includes discussion of the game's hand drawn animations for both Trico and the boy. The magazine is in UK stores now.
For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @IBTGamesUK
Photo
Personal Health Jane Brody on health and aging.
Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death among Americans, and a much larger contributor to chronic disability and health care costs than this ranking suggests. There's no question that preventing strokes is important. But a big question is how best to do so and in whom.
Currently, some experts say, far too many people who are free of symptoms that might herald a stroke are undergoing surgery to ream out carotid arteries that feed the brain, or are having stents inserted in these arteries, than is justified by available evidence.
Critics say these invasive procedures on asymptomatic patients are unnecessary and create a risk of serious complications like heart attack or, ironically, stroke itself, even death, and drive up health care costs by billions of dollars a year.
Based on the latest research, they maintain, most patients without symptoms like a mild stroke or transient ischemic attack do as well — or nearly as well — with intensive medical therapy to control blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes.
“Intensive medical therapy is a much safer way to prevent strokes caused by clots than either surgery or stenting,” said Dr. David Spence, a stroke prevention specialist at the University of Western Ontario.
But surgeons, even those who acknowledge the limitations of current research, say carotid endarterectomy, as the reaming operation is called, is the treatment of choice for many patients with serious blockages in one or both carotid arteries. That sentiment also is reflected in guidelines from the Society of Vascular Surgeons and the American Heart Association.
Dr. Michael Belkin, the chief of vascular and endovascular surgery at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, who performs scores of endarterectomies each year, said, “In asymptomatic patients with high-grade carotid stenosis, meaning a blockage of 70 percent or greater, surgical therapy is better than medical therapy.”
But they emphasized that good surgical results depended on selecting patients who have at least a five-year life expectancy and are healthy enough to tolerate the operation. They also said the procedure should be done only by a surgeon with a good track record and lots of experience, someone who does at least 70 or 80 of the operations each year.
“This is an elective procedure,” Dr. Belkin said. “Patients should be well-informed about the benefits and risks and not bullied into it.”
To Stent or Not
Dr. Belkin and other experts are less sanguine about inserting stents in asymptomatic patients. They said pressure was being exerted by manufacturers of stents, who would like to see them as widely used as possible. Stents, which are threaded through a catheter from the groin to the carotid arteries in the neck, are used to keep an artery open after a balloon presses the plaque against the artery's walls.
“Stents are pretty good, but not as good as surgery for asymptomatic disease,” Dr. Belkin said.
Still, many cardiologists who insert stents into coronary arteries to prevent heart attacks are now stenting partly blocked carotids in hopes of preventing strokes in patients otherwise free of symptoms.
Dr. Frank J. Veith, a vascular surgeon affiliated with New York University and the Cleveland Clinic, called carotid stenting in asymptomatic patients by interventional cardiologists “a moneymaking free-for-all” that doesn't take into account vital differences between arteries to the heart and those to the brain, which has more vessels feeding it.
Dr. Spence said, “Cardiologists have no business messing with carotid arteries.”
There is “a natural bypass called the Circle of Willis at the base of the brain to which all four arteries that feed the brain are connected,” they said. “If one artery is blocked, blood gets to the brain through the other three.”
Despite pleas from interventional cardiologists, Medicare has thus far declined to cover the costs of carotid stents in low-risk patients without better evidence of their benefit.
Complicating the issue is that only about one-quarter of strokes result from carotid disease. The rest are caused by problems like clots coming from the heart and ruptured blood vessels in the brain. So treating carotid arteries surgically or with stents is no guarantee against a stroke.
Another problem is identifying patients without symptoms of carotid disease who do face a high risk of stroke, Dr. Veith said. About 50 of their patients with severe carotid disease have remained free of strokes for years, they said.
Ultrasound is most often used to screen for carotid disease, which may also be suggested by a whooshing sound in the neck, called a bruit, heard through a stethoscope.
Reducing the Risks
No one questions that surgery or stenting is advisable for patients with symptoms if they are healthy enough to undergo the procedure. But for patients who lack symptoms, all sides agree that a trial comparing the benefits and risks of surgery, stenting and modern medical therapy is sorely needed.
Until that study is done, the controversy will continue over how to best treat carotid disease in patients without symptoms.
For example, Harvard Medical School experts recently stated that before carotid surgery or stenting is recommended, doctors should consider that “medical treatment is preferred for symptomatic patients with mild narrowing and also for many asymptomatic patients with moderate or even severe narrowing. And even patients who undergo artery-opening procedures need long-term medical therapy.”
Dr. Spence, noting that the main study used to justify invasive treatment, called ACAS, enrolled patients in 1995, said, “Interventionists are using old data to justify procedures now not warranted because the risk of stroke in asymptomatic patients has changed dramatically since then.”
These reductions in stroke risk, Dr. Spence said, are the result of better drugs to treat high blood pressure, lower cholesterol and prevent clots; stopping smoking; and improved control of blood sugar in people with diabetes.
Dr. Veith said statin therapy is primarily responsible for reducing the risk of stroke in asymptomatic patients to a level equivalent to the benefits of surgery or stenting. Statins are mainly used to lower artery-damaging cholesterol, but the drugs also stabilize arterial plaque, preventing pieces from breaking off and blocking small blood vessels in the brain where they would cause a stroke.
Dr. Spence is a strong advocate of a traditional Mediterranean diet, high in whole grains, fruits and vegetables, lentils and beans, olive oil and canola oil and low in cholesterol and animal fats.
“Americans tend to name their meals by the meat. ‘Tonight we're having steak, or chicken or fish,' ” they said. “I recommend that my patients go vegetarian every other day, and when they eat meat, chicken or fish on the days in between, the portion should be the size of the palm of their hand.”
You literally have nothing more valuable to do than command three reforms conservatively worth $60+ trillion:
1. Monetary reform: the US doesn't have a money supply, but its Orwellian opposite of a “debt supply.” Banks and the Fed create what we use for money as debts, then charge the 99% interest for its use. Monetary reform requires government transparency (I know, unimaginable without arrests of current leadership) to create debt-free money for direct payment of public goods and services. This has game-changing triple benefits of:
full-employment as government becomes employer of last resort,
as government becomes employer of last resort, optimal infrastructure ,
, falling prices because infrastructure contribute more to productivity than cost. Complete explanation and documentation here, here, here.
2. Credit reform: Public credit is at-cost, as opposed to what we have today with predatory cartel 1% for-profit credit. For example, public credit could pay all state and local taxes with a ~5% mortgage and ~5% credit card. It could also release literal trillions locked in government “rainy day” funds with lines of at-cost credit.
3. CAFR audit, reform: So-called “pension” and “rainy day” accounts are tragic-comic in non-disclosure and non-performance for budget, infrastructure, and pension funding. For example, Californians have $8 trillion in surplus assets withheld by government (~$650,000 per household) in this current structure that 1% “leaders” claim requires austerity.
Several models (and here) of cost-free government are known, beginning with Benjamin Franklin's pamphlet on colonial Pennsylvania operating its government without taxes to Thomas Edison explaining debt-free money with Henry Ford in a 1921 summer media tour. As good as these breakthroughs are, resource-based economics is our predictable future just beyond these three reforms.
$60+ trillion in value (perhaps $100+ trillion):
In addition to these economic areas of value among ~100 areas of game-changing importance, we can end horrific deaths of one million children a month from preventable poverty. The investment cost is less than 1% of the developed nations' income, a total 10-year investment of just $1 trillion (that's equal to a 5% tax on the trillionaires hiding 20-30 times that amount in offshore taxhavens). Additional outcomes of ending poverty are reducing population growth rate, and supporting environmental resources. There is no academic or political argument against the investment and effectiveness of the known solutions; full documentation here.
Among other resources listed here:
“What the hell was that?!?” they said. It took me a half a second to realize that my gun had just gone off…on my hip…in its holster. My wife and I had just finished breakfast at our favorite café and got into the car.
Me being the passenger, I rotated my torso to the left to fasten my seatbelt like I always do. When I straightened again, my Glock 19 discharged, blowing a 9mm hole through my pants, underwear, the leather seat and bottom of the car's door frame.
The bullet nicked my hip, but the wound is nothing a bandage couldn't cover. So what went wrong? Guns never go “Bang” all by themselves.
After ensuring I wasn't hemorrhaging profusely and didn't have to make a dash for the hospital, I stayed seated in the car as my wife came around to my door and opened it. I undid my belt and slid the Galco JAK202 Slide Belt Holster, with the gun still in it, off my belt. Why it went off was immediately apparent.
Alternative Bodyweight Training - Training Martial Arts Bruce Lee Style I like body-weight training because you can train in so many ways using your own body, one of those ways is doing martial arts to get in better shape and to compete with others. To be the best in martial arts you need to practice and master your techniques. One of the best martial artists in history was Bruce Lee, below Gary kirsch a martial artist shares one of the lessons or should I say techniques that they learnt from Bruce lee. The master of Kung Fu Bruce Lee I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Bruce Lee Workouts, Massive Reps, Unstoppable Techniques
By Gary Kirch
Training since I was 14 with Kenpo, then into boxing, kickboxing, most of 40 years, even with champions, and a year with the 15 year world champion kickboxer, I began a journey based on a Bruce Lee principle. Note: My first Sensei had 3 ribs broken by Mr Lee.
I'll get into the reasons I came to this place in martial arts as we get rolling here.
I always remembered this quote from Mr Lee, one that's been heard by most in martial arts, "I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times."
I read this as a kid, in their writings as most of us have. A few years ago I heard about a wrestler who was taught one move and practiced it on anyone and everyone for years, then took it into competition. They were unstoppable. Even though opposing coaches and opponents knew that was their only move, bam, they were down!
THIS was the meaning behind their quote above. THIS is when a kick becomes simply a kick again. If you study Mr Lee's training, you'd find them on many a day throwing some kick or punch 500 reps! Certain days they performed as many as 2,000 lead punches! Years of this meant once they fired a punch or kick it was 100% likely to land, accurate, hard.
So, understanding that the main purpose of massive reps is to create what Mr Lee stated, "a neurologically set pattern" where thought is not required to launch the technique, you'll find it fires at the exact time it's supposed to give the distance, opening, timing, etc. This also frees one up to express themselves rather than "try" to win, defend, or land something.
This is where I started, having some skills and being athletic, in my mind, I made the decision to go all the way with this concept, finally, and never quit till I finished! Out of respect to Mr Lee, failure/quitting was not an option.
Through their dedication to perfecting a strike or technique, Bruce Lee found after many thousands of reps, that once the technique was applied it was virtually unstoppable.
Besides giving you huge self confidence, it also created a foundational movement that one could build upon. I discovered so much more when I embarked on this journey. Here's what I did...
Realizing any punch or kick could be used to perfect, I thought about the most efficient combo ever, the simple 1-2 punch. This combo, lead left jab, straight right (I'm more right handed) although not some pretty flying spin kick, is probably the most effective, economical combo there is. Over many years I have thrown this combo probably over two thousand times. Trained by a pro boxer on how to throw it, I would at least be close to very decent in form.
A couple yrs ago at the age of 53, functioning normal (can run 10mi of mountains, etc), to which I'm always Thankful to God, I decided it to apply this Bruce Lee concept to my life. This was a conscious decision to absolutely do this, and I wasn't going to stop till completed!
Realizing most opponents are not going to be at quite the right distance to just throw this combo, I started with the lead leg (left in my case) slide into the left jab (bridge the gap) then the straight right. I did this in the air hundreds of times first, at a rate of 100 combo's/day or session... around 3 times/wk. I usually broke it into two mini sessions of 50ea. I marked it on the calendar so I could add it up.
This is how I started... it began with my first 100. It took around 7-8 months, so don't get in a hurry. Sure you can do 200-500/day, but here's why I stopped at 100... my goal wasn't just sheer quantity, but also quality! Each rep had to be correct or very close (to better set a neurological pattern). Each rep had to have maximum speed involving quick twitch muscle fiber. Each rep had to be explosive, accurate, balanced, hitting hard enough with either hand to be very damaging. By only doing 100 reps I was still crisp and strong at the end, I've done 200 or more in a day but felt that quality was less, so I stayed at 100.
I am open for discussion to help you on your journey. Feel free to email, comment, and share with martial artists, so far I don't know of anyone who has taken this Bruce Lee quote and completed it, please let me know if you do, thanks!
God Bless,
~Gary
kirchmeister5@gmail.com
Feel free to share, comment, follow, thanks! My further thoughts continue here:
~Kirch
Article Source: Training since I was 14 with Kenpo, then into boxing, kickboxing, most of 40 years, even with champions, and a year with the 15 year world champion kickboxer, I began a journey based on a Bruce Lee principle. Note: My first Sensei had 3 ribs broken by Mr Lee.I'll get into the reasons I came to this place in martial arts as we get rolling here.I always remembered this quote from Mr Lee, one that's been heard by most in martial arts, "I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times."I read this as a kid, in their writings as most of us have. A few years ago I heard about a wrestler who was taught one move and practiced it on anyone and everyone for years, then took it into competition. They were unstoppable. Even though opposing coaches and opponents knew that was their only move, bam, they were down!THIS was the meaning behind their quote above. THIS is when a kick becomes simply a kick again. If you study Mr Lee's training, you'd find them on many a day throwing some kick or punch 500 reps! Certain days they performed as many as 2,000 lead punches! Years of this meant once they fired a punch or kick it was 100% likely to land, accurate, hard.So, understanding that the main purpose of massive reps is to create what Mr Lee stated, "a neurologically set pattern" where thought is not required to launch the technique, you'll find it fires at the exact time it's supposed to give the distance, opening, timing, etc. This also frees one up to express themselves rather than "try" to win, defend, or land something.This is where I started, having some skills and being athletic, in my mind, I made the decision to go all the way with this concept, finally, and never quit till I finished! Out of respect to Mr Lee, failure/quitting was not an option.Through their dedication to perfecting a strike or technique, Bruce Lee found after many thousands of reps, that once the technique was applied it was virtually unstoppable.Besides giving you huge self confidence, it also created a foundational movement that one could build upon. I discovered so much more when I embarked on this journey. Here's what I did...Realizing any punch or kick could be used to perfect, I thought about the most efficient combo ever, the simple 1-2 punch. This combo, lead left jab, straight right (I'm more right handed) although not some pretty flying spin kick, is probably the most effective, economical combo there is. Over many years I have thrown this combo probably over two thousand times. Trained by a pro boxer on how to throw it, I would at least be close to very decent in form.A couple yrs ago at the age of 53, functioning normal (can run 10mi of mountains, etc), to which I'm always Thankful to God, I decided it to apply this Bruce Lee concept to my life. This was a conscious decision to absolutely do this, and I wasn't going to stop till completed!Realizing most opponents are not going to be at quite the right distance to just throw this combo, I started with the lead leg (left in my case) slide into the left jab (bridge the gap) then the straight right. I did this in the air hundreds of times first, at a rate of 100 combo's/day or session... around 3 times/wk. I usually broke it into two mini sessions of 50ea. I marked it on the calendar so I could add it up.This is how I started... it began with my first 100. It took around 7-8 months, so don't get in a hurry. Sure you can do 200-500/day, but here's why I stopped at 100... my goal wasn't just sheer quantity, but also quality! Each rep had to be correct or very close (to better set a neurological pattern). Each rep had to have maximum speed involving quick twitch muscle fiber. Each rep had to be explosive, accurate, balanced, hitting hard enough with either hand to be very damaging. By only doing 100 reps I was still crisp and strong at the end, I've done 200 or more in a day but felt that quality was less, so I stayed at 100.I am open for discussion to help you on your journey. Feel free to email, comment, and share with martial artists, so far I don't know of anyone who has taken this Bruce Lee quote and completed it, please let me know if you do, thanks!God Bless,~GaryFeel free to share, comment, follow, thanks! My further thoughts continue here: http://kirch4.wordpress.com/2013/01/14/following-through-with-massive-reps/ ~KirchArticle Source: Bruce Lee Workouts, Massive Reps, Unstoppable Techniques What was learn't from Gary Kirsch's Experience? I guess the lesson learnt from kirsch's post is that it's better to be a master at one thing then be a jack of all trades and a master of none. if you get really good at one thing like the wrestler they used as an example, you become dangerous even though your competitors already know your killer move. You simply perfect your deadly move so well no amount of preparation can save them from you. It is like fighting Mike Tyson in their prime, no amount of preparation could have saved their opponents from their deadly punches, because it is hard if not impossible to take hard punches to the face.
Author Hey there my name is Gene, I am a fitness fanatic. I started training using body weight training and managed to build a very lean muscular body using body-weight training. I later decided to lift weights but continue to mix weight training as well as body-weight training to get the best results. Archives May 2013
February 2013
October 2012
Categories All
Bodyweight Training
RSS Feed
Labor's debilitating civil war and dysfunctional, chaotic campaign have been blamed for Kevin Rudd's loss to Tony Abbott in last September's federal election.
A campaign review by the Australian Labor Party (ALP) vice-president, Jane Garrett, and the Brisbane city councillor and former Queensland state secretary Milton Dick, which was released on Friday, finds “the single biggest reason voters turned away from Labor was internal party disunity”.
“The decline in Labor's vote that began in late 2009 and culminated on 7 September 2013 occurred against a backdrop of persistent and ultimately debilitating leadership instability,” says the review, which was released after consideration by the ALP national executive.
The review charts the movement in Labor's two-party preferred vote throughout the power struggle between Julia Gillard and Rudd, and suggests Labor faced a wipeout under Gillard as leader.
It says internal polling in May indicated Labor would hold just 40 federal seats, not the 55 it emerged with after September. The leadership change back to Rudd provided a circuit breaker of sorts, prompting a rebound in the Labor vote, but the party could not sustain the positive trend.
The review also described a Melbourne-based campaign headquarters regularly out of sync with Rudd and their travelling party; and it found the use of overseas consultants – US Democrats engaged for the campaign by Rudd confidant and strategist, Bruce Hawker – “did not add significant value and in some cases was disruptive”.
It says the campaign structure set in place for the federal election was completely disrupted by Labor's leadership change in June, and the subsequent resignation of key ministerial and backroom talent.
“Campaign staff were largely in place prior to the leadership change in June. The subsequent upheaval saw around half of those staff leaving and needing to be replaced, including a large number of unit directors,” the review says.
“In some cases entire roles were dropped because there were simply not the staff to fill the positions. Nonetheless, once reconstructed it was the largest central campaign team ever.”
There is also a strong implication that Rudd and their travelling coterie either meddled with issues that should have been left to the organisation, or failed to make timely decisions, with consequential impacts on both the national and state campaigns.
“It is important to note that the new prime minister's office sought to make a number of specific changes to the campaign staffing and structure, including late involvement by overseas consultants. This created some significant disruptions, confusion and inefficiencies within the campaign,” the review says.
“The late decision-making from the travelling party to campaign headquarters also led to some communication challenges with local campaigns,” it says.
“State branches sometimes duplicated work being done centrally and local campaigns didn't always feel they were across what campaign headquarters and their state branches were doing.”
The review contains 30 recommendations, including one urging Labor to focus on rebuilding its primary vote and decluttering its political brand rather than aligning itself with groups in competition with the ALP for progressive votes.
“The raison d'etre for the Greens party over the last decade has been to attack, undermine and/or colonise the Labor party's policies with an increasing ferocity, in an attempt to win one or two inner-city seats in Melbourne and Sydney,” the review says.
“The effect has been that these policy objectives have themselves been undermined, attacked and turned into political footballs driven by insular and often circular debate that has proved alienating to the mainstream community.”
“Labor must always welcome and work with the broader progressive movement but can never allow these relationships to compromise our core values, objectives and identity.”
The review urges Labor to put itself more or less on a permanent campaign footing and to deepen expertise in areas such as data mining and “evidence-based” campaign techniques.
The review makes the following key recommendations:
• Ensure the selection of marginal-seat candidates be undertaken as soon as possible;
• Train and establish field operations as soon as possible across Australia;
• Establish a new candidate selection panel to work with local communities to assist with identifying new candidates;
• Develop a new pre-poll campaign
It's a pretty safe bet that you'll never see much of the pro-law enforcement side of any news story on NBC's Spanish-language sister network, Telemundo. That was the case again this week, as the network once again failed to fairly cover anti-sanctuary city views, just as officials in San Francisco were debating their sanctuary city policy.
San Francisco's pro-sanctuary city demonstrators – who held signs including one that said “Shut Down ICE” (the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency) – along with two city officials who want to continue to limit San Francisco Sheriff Vicki Hennessy's ability to expand their cooperation with federal immigration authorities – completely dominated a report on the subject by Telemundo correspondent Cristina Londoño.
In the two-minute and 18-second report, Sheriff Hennessy was the sole voice allowed to get in a word edgewise (12 seconds) in favor of a modest expansion of their Department's cooperation with federal authorities: specifically, to consider ICE requests to hand over criminals in the city who are repeat felony or violent offenders.
Pro-sanctuary city demonstrators, activists and their government allies, on the other hand, were given ample opportunity to express their support for a policy that has enabled repeat offenders like Francisco López Sánchez, accused of last summer's murder of Kate Steinle, to live with impunity in the city.
JOHN RODNEY, PRO-SANCTUARY CITY ACTIVIST: We want to ensure and strengthen the protections we have here in San Francisco to ensure due process. CRISTINA LODOÑO, REPORTER, TELEMUNDO: The author of the measure considers it essential. JOHN ÁVALOS, SUPERVISOR AND SPONSOR OF PRO-SANCTUARY CITY PROPOSAL: It gives protection to families, and people who have to work, people who want to go to school.
The report went on to include the blaming of Donald Trump for the “tension and division” that surrounds the subject, noting the Republican presidential candidate's role in calling attention to Kate Steinle's murder. As Londoño characterized it, “after all, the magnate was the first to use Kate Steinle's death as ammunition against sanctuary cities and for their anti-immigrant proposals.”
We can only hope Telemundo's future reporting on controversial sanctuary city policies is more inclusive of pro-law enforcement views. Considerations that even go beyond law enforcement, such as the fact that sanctuary cities impose serious costs on their residents, siphoning off tax dollars to underwrite services for those who are not entitled to be in the country in the first place. Not to mention that these policies inherently both permit and facilitate crime. When local law enforcement refuses to cooperate with ICE, repeat offenders are often simply released and are then free to go on to commit more crimes, instead of facing deportation.
With National Police Week coming up, let's also not forget how much these policies place the men and women in blue in more danger. But Telemundo seldom if ever seems inclined to consider the lives of police officers, or the victims of violent crimes at the hands of unauthorized immigrants, for that matter.
Below is the transcript of the cited report aired on Noticiero Telemundo on May 10:
Update: If the players leave now it won't be because of Jimbo Fisher; he's gone.
The week-long saga of Jimbo Fisher leaving the Florida State Seminoles program for Texas A&M has resulted in many rumors. Some are true, while some are not.
I was chasing down a rumor about a potential player boycott should Jimbo Fisher be allowed to coach the game against Louisiana Monroe, but did not find anything to substantiate it.
What I did find, however, was multiple players who stated firmly that they can no longer trust Jimbo Fisher, and that if they come back, they intend to transfer. They spoke on the condition of anonymity.
“If he's back, I'm out.”
This is a changed sentiment from earlier in the year, when I reported that they would plan to transfer if their position coach was retained for the 2018 season. Much of the staff should have probably been dismissed following the 2016 campaign, and the message has gone stale.
Now the sentiment has changed, and these players do not want to play for the head coach. They failed to satisfactorily address their future status in an awkward team meeting Thursday.
It is not yet settled whether Fisher will coach the game.
I'm not sure of the reasons for coming out with limited edition Oreos, since it isn't hard to get people to buy and eat regular Oreos.
Just place them on a plate next to a glass with cold milk or a glass bong with chronic marijuana and watch them disappear like $30 Blu-Ray players on Black Friday at Walmart or my patience when the person in front of me pays for things using only dimes, nickels and pennies.
Since 2008, Nabisco has been producing the Limited Edition Candy Cane Oreo for the Christmas season. Unfortunately, these cookies aren't as useful as actual candy canes, which can be used as tree ornaments or an impromptu weapon when the dysfunctional family Christmas dinner gets too dysfunctional.
The Limited Edition Candy Cane Oreo combines three colors usually found in hell: black death, bloody red and soul white. One chocolate cookie has the usual Oreo imprint, while the other cookie has a snowflake imprint, and in between the cookies are red and white cremes. If you twist off one of the cookies, you'll see the division of red and white creme, which looks disturbing because it kind of looks like the red creme is a tongue licking the white creme. So if you're one of those people who like to lick the creme to oblivion, from certain angles, it might look like you're French kissing the cookie.
The cookies smell and taste like the heavenly Girl Scout Thin Mints, although a slightly weaker minty version of them. They're also less minty than regular Mint Oreos. These limited edition Oreos might be less minty than Thin Mints, but at least acquiring them doesn't include having to deal with pushy Girl Scouts who are trying to get me to buy several more boxes than I should using the proven selling techniques of guilt.
The “crunchy sprinkles” in the red and white creme provide a pleasant added crunch to the cookies, which you might think would get lost in the crunch of the chocolate cookies, but instead provide a crystalline crunch on top of the cookie crunch.
Like my use of the word “crunch” and all of its derivatives in the previous sentence, there are a lot of sprinkles in the creme, which will make it feel like a well used piece of coarse sandpaper if you're one of those people who like to lick the creme to oblivion. Sadly, the sprinkles don't seem to be tiny bits of candy cane and both creme colors have the same vanilla minty flavor.
If you want your Oreo cookies to be as festive as a Christmas tree or that godawful sweater your co-worker wears every year to the company Christmas party, these Limited Edition Candy Cane Oreos will do the trick. If you like your Oreos to be addictive, then these will also do the trick.
If you missed them in stores this year, expect them to be around this time again next year, like extended shopping mall hours and a new annoying Elmo toy.
(Nutrition Facts – 2 cookies – 140 calories, 60 calories from fat, 6 grams of fat, 2 grams of saturated fat, 0 grams of trans fat, 0 milligrams of cholesterol, 115 milligrams of sodium, 45 milligrams of potassium, 22 grams of carbohydrates, less than 1 gram of fiber, 14 grams of sugar, 1 gram of protein and 6% iron.)
Item: Limited Edition Candy Cane Oreo
Price: $3.99
Size: 10.5 ounces
Purchased at: Target
Rating: 7 out of 10
Pros: Tastes like Girl Scout Thin Mints. Addictive. Crunch sprinkles add a different texture. Thin Mints flavor without the Girl Scout guilt. Lots of crunchy sprinkles. Getting one of the few $30 Blu-Ray players on Black Friday. Regular Oreos.
Cons: Crunch sprinkles don't seem to be bits of candy cane. Licking creme feels like licking coarse sandpaper. Limited edition. Having to defend or attack with a candy cane. High fructose corn syrup. Use colors usually found in hell.
Villarreal visit Cornellá-El Prat on Sunday, hoping to pick up its first away win of the season in La Liga. Last year, it was a Giuseppe Rossi goal from an acute angle that beat Espanyol goalie Kameni and gave the Submarine a hard-fought 1-0 win. What a difference a year makes: Rossi is out until at least April after knee surgery, and Cameroon international Kameni can't get a game with the Parakeets, having fallen below both Cristian Alvarez and Kiko Casilla on the depth chart!
Espanyol--a quick history
Most of you probably know that Espanyol is the "second" team in Barcelona compared to that team that plays at the Camp Nou, but while it's true that the culés' club is a year older, Espanyol can claim to be the first club in Spain to be formed by Spanish aficionados of the game, in 1900. Originally the team played in yellow shirts, but have worn blue and white stripes for 100 years now.
The sports club of which this football team is the most famous part has gone through various name changes corresponding to the vagaries of Spanish politics, and they've also moved stadiums a number of times, playing now in an award-winning modern stadium.
Espanyol has won the Copa del Rey four times, most recently in 2006, and has been a losing finalist in the old UEFA Cup twice--when they lost to Sevilla on a penalty shootout in 2006-07, they set a record for losing the competition despite never losing a game in regular time (over 15 matches).
Despite that fine record, in La Liga Espanyol have generally been a mid-table team. A fifth place finish in 2003-04 and an eighth-place finish last year have been their only top 10 finishes in recent years. They've made a nice start this year, but the periquitos started off like gangbusters last year as well before fading badly in the second half.
Coach Mauricio Pochettino lifted the Copa del Rey in their last season with the club as a player (2006) and he's now in their third year as leader of the blanquiblaus. The Argentine has been getting good press, and has even been linked with the Villarreal job if it comes open at some point.
Espanyol are not a rich club, but have a fine youth system, tend to develop talent and sell it on at a profit. This summer was no different, with Callejón, Chica, and Luis García moving on. Mexican defender Hector Moreno was signed from AZ Alkmaar, and club legend Walter Pandiani signed on for a final curtain call in the blue and white stripes--and has already scored a gamewinning goal.
Listen to Sid, Allen and Ravi discuss the game and give their predictions:
Download this episode (right click and save)
Formations and key players:
Espanyol generally play our favorite 4-2-3-1 in front of keeper Alvarez. Moreno has been omnipresent in the centre of the defense--the other center back has recently been Raul Rodriguez, and Didac, on loan from Milan, has made left back their own, and Javi Lopez has usually been at right back. That's a decent back four, with young Jordi Amat able to help out back there as well.
Juan Forlin has usually been in defensive midfield with Javi Marquez, though they may miss this game with an ankle injury. Overall, Espanyol's defense has been pretty good: Levante scored three on them, Madrid four, but no other team more than one from open play. And at home, they've only allowed one goal in four matches if you exclude Madrid.
But they haven't scored much either. Uruguayan attacker Juan Albin is out until December with a tendon injury, and the club has made use of loanees Vladimir Weiss (from Manchester City) and Romaric (from Sevilla) in their absence, along with rumored Villarreal summer target Joan Verdu and youngsters like Baena.
Their leading scorer is Sergio Garcia, with three; youngster Alvaro has generally started as the lone striker and has one goal, and 35 year-old Pandiani has two off the bench.
For Villarreal, the key question is whether Marco Ruben will be fit or not. If they are, expect them to be the lone striker in our 4-2-3-1, with Borja, deGuzman and Hernán Pérez the three, and Bruno and someone--maybe Wakaso or Marchena--the two. My back four would be Catalá, Marchena, Musacchio and Mario, but Gonzalo could edge Marchena out (possibly into the doble pivote).
If Ruben can't go, then it's probably young Joselu again, and they should at least see more service than they did in midweek. The interesting questions are whether we might see Marcos Gullón or even Florian Lejeune off the bench, and (gasp) could Joan Oriol make two appearances in the same week?
With our problems in attack I expect Garrido to go defensive to start; the question will be what will they do if we get behind, and/or what will they do if we are drawing nil-nil late on. If we're down at halftime, they might as well pull out the stops and introduce a second striker when the half starts. Of course, if Ruben and Camunas aren't available who knows what second striker options we might have. We tend to go overly defensive and concede late goals (Granada, Sevilla, Man City, etc.) but it would be great to score a late goal ourselves for a change.
Espanyol are a decent team, they have some good quickness and quality in midfield as well as defense, and if you listen to the podcast discussion you'll see my colleagues aren't expecting a lot from this one.
Amazingly, the Parakeets will be looking to score a goal against us for the first time in nearly four years--they last tallied in a 3-0 win at home on January 5, 2008, with Raul Tamudo (2) and Valdo being the scorers. Since then, Villarreal have won four matches and drawn three. So I'm going to figure we'll continue to ride our luck and get a draw--luck hasn't been with us all season, maybe it will start now. Endavant Villarreal!!
Story highlights In the memo, a close Bill Clinton aide details how they set up for-profit deals for the former president
It is widely known that both Bill and Hillary Clinton made millions on speaking fees
(CNN) A memo written by one of Bill Clinton's closest aides highlights the lucrative speaking deals the former president had with some of the biggest companies in the world.
The 2011 memo, marked "Attorney-Client Privilege" was sent by Doug Band to two attorneys who were doing a review of the way the Foundation was being run; it was included in the cache of stolen emails released by WikiLeaks this week.
In the memo, Band details how they set up for-profit deals for the former president, both involving money and "as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and their family -- for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like."
Band's memo covers 2001 to 2011, during which time "President Clinton's business arrangements have yielded more than $30 million for them personally with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years, should they choose to continue with the current engagements."
Read More
PORTABLE TOILETS for men only are being provided in Dublin city at weekends to cut down on “street urination” following the closure of all other public conveniences in the city.
Dublin City Council is spending about €50,000 a year to provide men's toilets at two locations in the city, on Camden Street and Westmoreland Street.
The toilets are being provided on a pilot basis. However, a spokesperson for the council said portable toilets would be the type of toilet provided across the city for the foreseeable future, as the council had no budget for permanent facilities.
The expansion of the service to other parts of the city will depend on available finance.
The council is currently providing one six-man urinal on Camden Street and two six-man urinals on Westmoreland Street on Friday and Saturday nights in order to cut the high levels of street urination in these areas.
“The council provides these facilities to help alleviate the problem of people urinating in public – and against business premises particularly – at weekends,” the spokesperson said.
All permanent public toilets, several of which were in underground locations, have been shut, they said.
“There are no permanent facilities available in the city. Public toilet facilities were closed in recent years due to serious health- and-safety concerns for both public and council staff.”
Public toilets had been frequented by intravenous drug users, with resulting discarded needles posing a health risk.
The type of toilet currently being provided by the council is for use by men only.
Dublin City Council said it had no plans to provide toilets for women, as it did not experience problems with women urinating on the city streets.
Independent councillor Mannix Flynn said they knew of no other modern European city that did not provide permanent public toilets.
“I'm aware [of] and I appreciate the problems associated with public toilets, but every other city in the rest of Europe seems to manage to provide proper public conveniences,” they said.
They were seeking the removal of the temporary toilets and their replacement by permanent ones.
“These so-called temporary toilets have become permanent fixtures at the weekend,” Mr Flynn added. “They are unsightly and unsavoury and out of place in a cosmopolitan city.”
Many bars had significantly boosted their capacity by turning yards at the rear of their premises into smoking areas but had not increased the number of toilets provided, thereby exacerbating the problem of street urination, Mr Flynn said.
This issue should be dealt with through the planning laws, but the council should be providing proper permanent toilets for the convenience of the citizens of Dublin and visitors alike.
Public toilets were to have been provided by advertising company JC Decaux as part of the deal for the Dublin bike-rental scheme. However, this clause was removed from the final contract.
Mr Flynn said a significant expansion of the scheme was planned and provision of toilets should be reintroduced as part of new contracts.
“The response I've had from the council management is that they have no budget for public toilets.
“The bike deal was the ideal opportunity to address that and they did not. As a result, the streets of Dublin are being used as toilets. It has just become the norm.
“I want Dublin City Council to at least acknowledge that there is an urgent need for a policy on public conveniences and how to deal with the phenomenon of outdoor urination.”
Police arrest woman for protesting at the Dakota Access Pipeline. Tom Stromme/AP.
Last week, the Republican controlled legislature in Oklahoma passed two laws aimed at preventing protests against fracking and the building of pipelines. According to Common Dreams, there have been 19 such bills passed in states around the nation in recent months.
But the legislature in Oklahoma is the first one to invent the “crime” of “conspiring” with protesters.
According to The Intercept online newsletter, under one of the two bills passed – called an “anti-trespass” measure – individual protestors in Oklahoma can face a fine of up to $100,000 or ten years imprisonment. Under a companion bill, any organization found to be a “conspirator” can get slapped with a fine “ten times” that imposed on the protestor — as much as $1 million.
The new Oklahoma law vies with a law passed in North Dakota for the title of “most vicious.”
The North Dakota law would allow drivers to hit, injure or kill people protesting in a roadway.
State Representative Keith Kempenich, one of the bill's co-sponsors, told the Bismarck Tribune that the bills shifts ”the burden of proof from the motor vehicle driver to the pedestrian.”
In other words, victims would have to prove they were not protesting in order for drivers to be charged with reckless driving. Kempenich did not explain how victims killed by a driver could make their case in court.
GOP legislators in both North Dakota and Oklahoma have targeted their laws directly at people protesting environmental damage.
In North Dakota, water protectors protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) at times blocked roads leading to DAPL construction sites as part of the resistance to the pipeline.
In Oklahoma, according to The Intercept, the sponsor of the “conspiracy” bill “reportedly called it a response to the Dakota Access pipeline protests, aimed directly at organizers fighting to stop the Diamond pipeline, a project of Valero and All American Pipeline that would transport oil from Oklahoma to Tennessee. Protests against the pipeline have already begun and construction is scheduled for completion before the end of the year.”
The Intercept says that “Oklahoma is a center of the oil and gas industry and home of the self-styled “ Pipeline Crossroads of the World ” in Cushing.
Along with resistance to pipelines, there has been protests against fracking in Oklahoma.
The Intercept explains that “The state has seen a dramatic increase in earthquakes since the nation's fracking boom began, as companies began pumping wastewater produced from hydraulic fracturing underground.
“The Oklahoma Oil and Gas Association is a supporter of the [conspiracy] legislation.”
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin signed the “trespassing” bill this past Wednesday and the “conspiracy” bill on Thursday. Both were “rushed into immediate effect under a provision that declared the situation ‘an emergency,'” according to The Intercept.
The trespassing law applies to individuals who “impede or inhibit operations” of a facility that is part of the “critical infrastructure,” which includes various kinds of fossil fuel facilities. Protestors will face a felony charge and a minimum $10,000 fine. Should a protestor actually succeed in “tampering” with the infrastructure, they face a $100,000 fine or 10 years of imprisonment.
The “conspiracy” law permits courts to charge organizations that support protests with “ vicarious liability ” up to “ten times” the fines imposed on a protestor and as much as $1 million in cases involving damage.
Public Radio Tulsa reported that Cory Williams, a Democratic state representative, demanded to know the definition of “support” under the liability bill. “Is it a check? Is it money? Is it [allowing protestors to stay] at somebody's house?” they asked.
“That would be for the courts to decide,” replied Representative Mark McBride, the bill's author.
Bills against protesting has been passed or are pending in Colorado, Minnesota, North Carolina North and South Dakota, Indiana and Michigan.
The bills in Colorado, North Dakota, and South Dakota are directly aimed at activists attempting to block oil and gas infrastructure. Other laws, in places like Minnesota , Indiana and Michigan are aimed at protestors such as the people who in 2015 and 2016 blocked roads and highways after police killings of black men and women.
Jordan S. Kushner, a Minneapolis civil rights attorney who has represented Black Lives Matter, told the Minneapolis Star Tribune that the laws represent “reactionary voices who are out to quash dissent … right wing legislators who are catering to the prejudices of their base.
“It's the Donald Trump trend at the state level.”
Last month, my fellow Disney Parks Blog author and friend, Shannon Swanson, got a “Penny For Your Thoughts” as they took you inside the Electromechanical Shop and behind-the-scenes of the making of coin presses at the Disneyland Resort. Shannon mentioned that I would have exciting news to share, and I do — as part of the Disneyland Resort Diamond Celebration, we are introducing sixty (60) new pressed coins themed to favorite attractions, icons and characters!
How can you tell which designs are being introduced for the Disneyland Resort Diamond Celebration? Here are a few tips to help you out!
Look for the special 60-D symbol which appears on the art for each new die.
Each coin will bear a special back-stamp that says Est. July 17 1955 – Disneyland Resort 60-D!
One of my favorite things is the new Pressed Coin Location Guide that features all of the presses throughout the Disneyland Resort. All of the Disneyland Resort Diamond Celebration pressed coins can be found by simply locating the diamond icon next to the coin image. Where can you find the pressed coin location guides? Great question — the new guides are available here on the Disney Parks Blog! Take a look at the images below or download the PDF here. You can also find printed brochures at City Hall in Disneyland park, Chamber of Commerce at Disney California Adventure park and select merchandise locations throughout the Disneyland Resort.
Tip: There is a specially designed Disneyland Resort Diamond Celebration collector's book to help you keep track of your collection.
Finally, there's one last thing before I go: keep an eye out for special ‘Decades' presses in the Downtown Disney District that will only be available for limited period of time.
Are you ready for the Pressed Coin Challenge? Let us know which coins you are looking forward to adding to your collection in the comments below!
Police seek 16-year-old Jeffrey Collins on attempted-murder charge
The 71-year-old woman who authorities say was brutally attacked by a teenage hitchhiker at their Lefthand Canyon home this week remained in serious condition at Boulder Community Health on Wednesday — but their son says she's beginning to recover.
"She is doing good," Kurtis Leverentz said of their mother Katie Kulpa. "Her head still really hurts, but they are doing a lot better."
Helping out Kurtis Leverentz started a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to help offset their mother Katie Kulpa's medical bills. Learn more at gofundme.com/2q7qnt8.
Leverentz, though, said he's frustrated that the Boulder County Sheriff's Office didn't release 16-year-old suspect Jeffrey Collins' name or photograph until Wednesday, and said they believe the teen is wearing an ankle monitor.
They said the two teens who were with Collins, and ran to report the assault, told the first person they encountered that Collins was wearing a tracking monitor, which suggests they already are in trouble with the law.
"I understand the law has to protect minors, but this guy tried to kill my mom," they said. "This is a whole new level."
Carrie Haverfield, a sheriff's office spokesperson, said they could not confirm whether Collins was supposed to be wearing an ankle monitor.
Advertisement
"We have some restrictions on what we can release for juveniles," Haverfield said. "We don't want to tip our hand about too much information."
Leverentz said he's worried about the long-term recovery of their mother, and he's set up a GoFundMe account to raise money to help offset their medical bills. The fund had raised about $8,600 as of 6 p.m. Wednesday.
"My main concern in that area is the effects of the skull fracture, and apparently there was some bleeding on their brain," they said.
Leverentz added that their mother also suffered from two serious lacerations in the Monday night attack, one on their face and the other at the back of their skull.
They believe they were beaten with a wooden fire poker.
The Boulder County Sheriff's Office on Wednesday publicly identified Collins after obtaining a court order allowing them to reveal the minor's identity.
Sheriff's officials sought the public's help in finding Collins on Tuesday, but did not initially release their name or picture because they are a minor. They only described them as white with blonde hair.
"The court is allowing for the release of the juvenile information because they are at large and considered dangerous," officials wrote in a news release.
Katie Kulpa and their son Kurtis Leverentz (GoFundMe)
Leverentz said he's frustrated that the sheriff's office didn't release Collins' identity sooner.
The sheriff's office has obtained an arrest warrant for Collins on charges of attempted first-degree murder and first-degree assault on an at-risk adult with a $1 million bond.
Sheriff's officials said Collins likely will be charged as an adult.
Deputies responded to the home in the 13000 block of Lefthand Canyon Drive at 8 p.m. Monday and found Kulpa, who had suffered a massive head injury, bone fractures and lacerations.
The sheriff's office said the woman picked up Collins and two companions while they were hitchhiking near Ward. They were at their home for several hours before Collins suggested they assault them and steal their car, officials said.
Their companions rebuffed the idea, according to the sheriff's office, but a short time later they assaulted the woman. Their companions ran to a neighbor's home to report the assault.
Collins left following the assault and was last seen getting into a white hatchback that drove west on Lefthand Canyon Drive.
Leverentz said that it wouldn't have been unusual for their mom to pick up a hitchhiker, and there wouldn't usually be anything wrong with them doing so.
They added that they just likes to do nice things for people.
"This is a case of a bad apple in the basket," they said. "I don't know what this kid's story is, but they definitely have a problem."
Anyone with information on the teen's whereabouts is asked to call the sheriff's office at 303-441-4444.
John Bear: 303-473-1355, bearj@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/jonbearwithme
The Mikaelson family is extremely complicated, and who better to untangle that drama than Julie Plec? The Originals showrunner will blog each week's installment throughout the season exclusively for EW. From answering burning questions to giving behind-the-scenes stories and more, this is a place for fans to hear directly from Plec about the episode they just watched.
Thanks for tuning in to “Wild at Heart,” or, as importantly, the return of Josh. Writers Ashley Lyle and Bart Nickerson are our biggest Josh (Steven Krueger) advocates. They call themselves co-presidents of the Josh fan club. Every episode they write will either feature Josh, mention Josh, or have a Josh poster hidden on a set wall as an Easter egg until this series is over. The love of a recurring guest star is part of what makes writing so much fun. There's nothing more satisfying than being able to work them into your episode. Since I can't seem to go a week without mentioning Buffy the Vampire Slayer, let's take a moment to relish the memories of the first time Spike went from being a frustrating and nasty foil to a sexy, dangerous leading man. Let's celebrate Jonathan who first appeared as an extra and went on to become the star of their own Very Special Jonathan Episode.
On TVD, Lexi burst into the scene in one episode to wish Stefan a Happy Birthday and made such an impact on the audience that my own father, who never remembers anyone's name, decided they would “never forgive Damon for killing Lexi.” They still calls my friend Greg, “Craig” after 22 years of friendship, but they remembered Lexi after one episode. Let us not forget that at one point Klaus and Elijah were guest stars on TVD. Ashley and Bart will be teaming with Carina MacKenzie to pitch The Originals: The Josh Years. Wish them luck.
Tidbits from Ashley:
KRASNY PARTIZANSK, Ukraine — This border crossing between Ukraine and Russia is now in the hands of rebels. Ukrainian border guards have abandoned their posts, and there is no barrier to stop the insurgents from funneling fighters and supplies into their breakaway republics.
What this means is that even as Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with senior European leaders on Thursday and they and U.S. President Barack Obama circle each other warily during the D-Day commemoration in Normandy on Friday, the war in eastern Ukraine may be moving into high gear.
Although Putin has withdrawn most of the Russian troops that had been poised on the frontier threatening a conventional invasion, the way is now open for volunteers and operatives of various stripes, along with supplies, to move freely into the country.
GALLERY: The War for Eastern Ukraine Intensifies (PHOTOS)
A couple of journalistic colleagues and I had been hearing about attempts to open this corridor for several days as we traveled in eastern Ukraine. The Russian ministry of foreign affairs, Russian parliament parliamentarians and the Russian volunteers in Ukraine we spoke to all talked about establishing what they called a “humanitarian corridor.”
We had been looking for the hole in the border, and we discovered it Wednesday near a city called Sverdlovsk in the region of Luhansk.
Two local taxi drivers, Aleksei and Vladislav, drove us to the crossing point, which is called Krasny Partizansk in Russian or Chervono Parizansk in Ukrainian. Shortly before we arrived, armed rebels took over the base and took down the Ukrainian flag.
There is now no flag at the border. It is now nobody's border, the locals are joking. One of the rebels told us that no passports or identity papers had to be checked on this side of the frontier any longer. We saw cars crossing into Russia with only Russian customs checking their papers.
Aleksei called out to their friend: “Do you want to go to Russia? Go! There is no border left!” They gave a little laugh.
Meanwhile, all the Ukrainian border guards from the occupied crossing point loaded their children and wives into more than 20 vehicles and fled from Krasny Partizansk.
As I write, we are driving with this caravan of military and civilian vehicles full of Ukrainian soldiers and their families. They are terrified that rebels will shoot at them at any checkpoint or from the forest along the deserted roads of Luhansk region. They said they got an order from their commanders to leave, then another command to stay, but they decided to ignore the second order because they had children and women and everybody wanted to leave.
At nightfall we learn that the Ukrainian military has issued a statement saying that “in connection with sharp and sudden increase of danger” they had to conduct a special operation and move some of the Donetsk and Luhansk border troops outside their usual bases, but they insist that now border guards perform their duties from new locations.
The caravan is moving at about 40 kilometers an hour (25 mph) looking for a safe place to spend the night as it's getting dark—a sad, scared convoy of fleeing border guards lost in an enemy-occupied land.
Earlier in the day, after a night of heavy fighting in Luhansk, the biggest city near the border, we had emerged from our lodgings to find the aftermath of the battle around a Ukraine National Guard base in the very center of town.
Two local families from a five-story apartment building right next to the base said they had spent “a nightmare night” sitting in their bathrooms. Two little boys were collecting shell fragments on the road outside the base, which was by then occupied by armed rebels of the self-proclaimed People's Republic of Lunansk.
“The rebels must be insane, to begin a war in a courtyard full of apartments! We don't want Luhansk to be controlled by gunmen, we demand Kiev to stop this horror,” a middle-aged woman named Ludmila Melnikova said with tears in their eyes. But Kiev seemed too far away and too weak to be able to help Melnikova and their neighbors.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry spokesperson Anton Sherbakov told me they were “aware Luhansk is falling, but there's not much we can do—Luhansk is a big problem.”
After the main border guard base in one district of Luhansk surrendered at 6 a.m. Wednesday, none of the 11 checkpoints along the border had any clear understanding what to do next. “We cannot make our soldiers fight, when their families come to the gate of military bases and beg us to let their loved ones go,” Sherbakov said.
The local drivers Aleksei and Vladislav were happy to get rid of the Ukrainian, military they said. We had heard rumors that fierce Chechens might now come through the “humanitarian corridor.”
“Chechens? They are our guys, let them come!” said Vladislav. “Nothing will stop them at the border any longer.”
Shortly after dark, the fugitive border guards and their families reached the safety of a large Ukrainian base far from their abandoned posts.
Our title fetish is indicative of the social inequality and resulting patronage that plague Philippine society
Published 10:32 AM, January 13, 2014
A post on my social media page that two women who have been accused of plunder and bribery are called “Madam,” received a number of comments. I refer to “Madam Janet Lim Napoles ” and “Madam Arlene Angeles Lerma .” I do not know whether the title is solicited by these Madams or it is bestowed by their underlings. It probably cuts both ways. Madam (or Ma'am) Janet for example, is called that by their staff even as they are blowing the whistle on their horrendous thievery.
The penchant for titles besets other cultures, but Filipinos take it to the extreme. At a recent international conference a Filipino participant put the title “Atty.” before their name. This prompted a Malaysian participant to ask me what that meant. My reply that this was an abbreviation for “Attorney” resulted in a long side explanation – much to the detriment to our appreciation of the attorney's presentation. Later, my foreign colleagues were even more befuddled by a recitation of titles like “Engr.” (for engineer), and “Arch.” (for architect).
Those who use these titles tell me that they are rightfully proud of professional degrees earned through sheer hard work. I understand this especially as we are a people that put a high value on education. We are also a society where an atty., an arch., and an engr. may be the first person to have finished college in their entire family and tribe.
I should point out, however, that other poor countries have no such conventions. So, while I do not question the motivations of those who use Atty., Arch., and Engr., I would argue against this practice.
Language of patronage
Our title fetish is indicative of the social inequality and resulting patronage that plague Philippine society. In a just society, it would not be difficult for anyone to become a lawyer, an architect, an engineer, a geologist, a ballerina, a soprano, social worker, and whatever else they should desire.
University of the Philippines professor Tet Maceda believes we should get rid of the culture of “ma'am and sir.” As Maceda notes, people are less likely to resist unethical or illegal demands if these are seen as orders from “Ma'am” or “Sir." Additionally, asking people we teach or govern to call us “Ma'am” or “Sir” puts them in a lower hierarchical position. This is counter-productive to critical thinking and collective knowledge creation, which are important to a democracy.
Unfortunately, those who gain the trappings of respect through ill-gotten wealth or abuse of power, are also more likely to mistake titles for worth. Thus we have the cringe-worthy sight of plunderers being called, “the honorable (Chief Justice, Senate President, Majority Leader, Representative, Cabinet Secretary, etc.)”.
In my status update, I add that, in light of the degradation of the title “Madam,” I would like to be called, “Señora.” Of course “Madam” is merely English for “Señora.” That the two terms are used by upper class women to distinguish themselves from their maids hints at the colonial roots of our social stratification. My insistence on being called “Señora” rather than “Madam” was not just an attempt to label Mesdames Janet and Arlene as nouveau riche, but was also a stab at those de buenas familias who prefer the Spanish terms. After all, historians have documented that many of our old rich can trace their wealth to the plunder and pandering of their forebears during the Spanish colonial period. For the new carpetbaggers, the preferred term is the English one.
Others commented that, since I refused the term “Madam,” they would call me “Ate” (older sister). My Señora avatar refused this because indigenous titles are not acceptable. To reach the top in colonial or neo-colonial society means to earn the titles in the colonial language. “Ate” is what the househelp call their middle or lower class employers.
As Maceda observes, they (and I) began our careers in a UP where we called our senior professors and administrators by their first names. Despite our increasing seniority we have not taken to calling ourselves “Ma'am.” There are, after all, many Filipinos who reject these titles. Maceda fondly remembers being answered on the phone with “Emer here” and not “President Emerlinda Roman here.” And there are ways to politely refuse honorifics. I call my househelp “Ate” in return, so that every woman in my household is an “Ate.”
Proper use
There is a proper use for titles. I will call President Aquino “Mr. President” and not take it against them if they insist on the title. But in a democracy, such honorifics should be reserved for the highest government positions. And, given the misuse of the word “honorable” we should just drop that word. We should say, “Representative P. Barrel” instead of “the Honorable Representative P. Barrel.”
My suggestion is that we confine the use of titles in general public communications to the following:
1) Mr. - As in, “Mr. Albert Einstein”. In Filipino, “Ginoo or G.”
2) Ms. - A wonderful innovation replacing Miss and Mrs. This recognizes that a woman's identity is no longer confined to whether they have a husband or not. There is no equivalent Filipino term, but I have taken to using, “Binibini or Bb.” for all women. On the other hand, in a reach for gender-neutral terms, we could also use “Ginoo” as when it is used in the prayer, “Aba, Ginoong Maria” (Hail Mary).
3) Dr. - For medical doctors, not doctors of philosophy. Call me biased, but I think the only trained technician who should be identified at all times, is a medical doctor. It is good to know this in case somebody suddenly becomes unconscious or fractures a hip.
Simple and democratic. - Rappler.com
Sylvia Estrada-Claudio is a doctor of medicine who also holds a PhD in Psychology.  They are Director of the University of the Philippines Center for Womens Studies and Professor of the Department of Women and Development Studies, College of Social Work and Community Development, University of the Philippines.  They are also co-founder and Chair of the Board of Likhaan Center for Women's Health.
The football fixtures will be announced on Wednesday and the story behind the process is a laborious and complicated one
When the Premier League and Football League fixtures for 2013-14 are announced at 9am on Wednesday, spare a thought for the individuals involved in compiling the season's schedule.
"I don't think people realise what goes into it," says the Football League fixtures officer, Paul Snellgrove. "They think names go into a hat and it's almost like a draw. Because it's so difficult to explain it's hard to keep people's attention."
A laborious process that begins four years ahead of each season, when Fifa and Uefa set out their international schedules, goes through a raft of complex stages before the final fixture list is signed off.
Presumably those trusted with deciding when supporters must travel the length of the country on a cold midweek night, or with a blasting hangover on New Year's Day, then go and shelter in a dark room for a long, long time.
Glenn Thompson of the IT company Atos Origin is the man responsible for inputting all the data into the famed "fixtures computer", but before they do so the Football League, Premier League, Football Association and the Football Supporters' Federation undergo a series of discussions alongside the clubs, starting when a draft schedule is first proposed in November of the previous year.
Most fans understand that each club is paired with another and their fixtures will usually correspond. For example, when Manchester United play a home match, Manchester City play away. The same rules apply for Everton and Liverpool, Arsenal and Tottenham and other neighbouring teams.
It is easier to pair clubs if they are in the same division, with Swansea City and Cardiff City reunited in that respect next season, and the fixture organisers work closely with police forces across England and Wales to ensure matchdays do not stretch resources too thin.
There are fixture compilation rules, such as that over a course of five matches a club must have no more than three home or away games. If a team plays at home on Boxing Day it must travel on New Year's Day and vice versa.
Organisers try to schedule midweek matches in "good weather periods" and attempt to give clubs a home match either before of after an FA Cup tie, so as to avoid three successive away games and tricky financial situations for lower-league sides.
However, things can easily become complicated and changing one fixture has a series of knock-on effects to other games on the calendar. Policing, transport and requests from clubs make scheduling an incredibly detailed and tedious task.
For example, Greater Manchester police has to consider eight clubs on their patch each weekend. Four must-play home and four away, yet there is also the fact that Bury request that they play home games when Manchester United are not in action so as to boost their attendance.
GMP also has to avoid potentially fiery fixtures when events such as the Conservative Party conference and Gay Pride weekend are in town. The Premier League and Football League also try to avoid big games on the opening day of the season and on occasions such as Boxing Day and New Year's Day.
The draft schedule is tweaked and sent out to all clubs in March, with a form asking them to respond with any specific requests. "It's very rare that we get a blank form back," admits Snellgrove, but not all can be accommodated - Birmingham City asked if they could have a home game next season on 19 April to celebrate Trevor Francis's birthday but the League could sadly not oblige, although the schedule does take into consideration the Nottingham Goose Fair and the Shrewsbury Flower Show.
"Glenn does a lot of prep work manually and will feed it into the computer," says Snellgrove. "Each club gets a space on a grid which dictates their home and away sequence. They split the season into sections, mini-leagues, the season is basically a set of 10 mini-leagues and they will reverse out at some stage. Each club within that mini league gets either a positive or negative polarity and that will dictate their order of home and away games.
"There are clash dates, which is where in order to re-mix the home and away clubs, to make sure everyone plays each other, Glenn has to make them clash. Sometimes they'll both be away which is fine, sometimes they'll both be at home and we recognise this can be a problem so we make early contact with the clubs. Nine times out of 10 the police will move one to a Sunday or a Friday night, now and again they'll do them on the same day."
The process will be completed over the weekend when Thompson, Snellgrove and others involved put the finishing touches to the schedule. Soon, though, it will be time to start on next season.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky). REUTERS/Brian C. Frank Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) slammed the Daily News on Thursday after the New York tabloid shamed them on its cover earlier in the day.
Paul, a 2016 presidential candidate, called the cover "deplorable" on Twitter and linked to a longer statement criticizing the News.
"This cover on the New York Daily News is a deplorable example of the media putting their political agenda over the suffering of victims and their families," the statement said.
"The genuine thoughts and prayers offered to victims in need are not political fodder," it continued. "This attack represents a fundamental problem with the media and politics in general. Attacking religious sentiments to promote an agenda as tragedy strikes is despicable."
The News' front page featured tweets from Paul and three other Republican leaders offering "prayers" after Wednesday's mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, that left 14 people dead. The paper, which frequently crusades on gun control after mass shootings, blasted the Republicans as "cowards" for not doing more to curb gun violence.
The News published its response to Paul and other critics Thursday afternoon.
"The Daily News' front page is not, in any way, shape or form, condemning prayer or religion," editor-in-chief Jim Rich said in a statement.
"Anyone suggests otherwise is either — intentionally or unintentionally — misconstruing the point, which is that most GOP politicians have offered nothing but empty platitudes and angry rhetoric in response to the ongoing plague of gun violence in our country," Rich continued.
View the cover below:
It is possible to read certain passages from the Bible in a way that suggests they “teach” a geocentric model of the universe.
It is also possible to read those same passages differently, which is to say to read them in a way that does not suggest that they “teach” a geocentric model of the universe.
The case for the geocentrist reading is not particularly strong. It requires, among other things, a disregard for genre and literary context in which the reader treats one kind of text as though it were another kind of text — much like if one were to read a novel as though it were a newspaper, or a newspaper as though it were a novel.
But never mind that for now. For the sake of argument, let's just pretend that both readings seem equally plausible. Let's say that the case for a geocentric reading of those Bible passages is just exactly as strong as the case for a reading that does not teach geocentrism.
How then should a reader decide between two such equally plausible possible readings?
The answer is to put down the Bible and pick up a telescope, or an astronomy textbook. The text itself may allow for two possible readings, but the telescope and the astronomy textbook do not.
This is a fact: the geocentric model of the universe is not true.
That fact must inform our choice between the two possible readings of those biblical passages. Yes, one way to read those passages suggests a geocentrist teaching. But another way to read those passages does not. Given that geocentrism is, in fact, not true, it makes more sense to prefer the non-geocentrist reading.
To prefer the geocentrist reading despite the fact that we know geocentrism is false would be to create an unnecessary and artificial conflict between the Bible and reality, forcing readers to choose between the two.
To prefer the non-geocentrist reading allows readers to embrace both. And this choice does nothing to influence doctrine or the substance of Christian teaching — unless, that is, we have made some previous mistake in such teaching by building doctrine on top of a geocentrist foundation. If we have made such mistakes in the past, this is an opportunity to correct them and to rebuild such doctrines on a firmer foundation, one based on truth rather than on the quicksand of falsehood.
– – – – – – – – – – – –
It is possible to read certain passages from the Bible in a way that suggests they “teach” a historical Adam and Eve.
It is also possible to read those same passages differently, which is to say to read them in a way that does not suggest a historical Adam and Eve.
The case for the reading teaching a historical Adam and Eve is not particularly strong. It requires, among other things, a disregard for genre and literary context in which the reader treats one kind of text as though it were another kind of text — much like if one were to read a novel as though it were a newspaper, or a newspaper as though it were a novel.
But never mind that for now. For the sake of argument, let's just pretend that both readings seem equally plausible. Let's say that the case for a historical-Adam reading of those Bible passages is just exactly as strong as the case for a reading that does not teach a historical Adam.
How then should a reader decide between two such equally plausible possible readings?
The answer is to put down the Bible and pick up a microscope, or a biology textbook. The text itself may allow for two possible readings, but the microscope and the biology textbook do not.
This is a fact: the idea of a historical Adam and Eve is not true.
That fact must inform our choice between the two possible readings of those biblical passages. Yes, one way to read those passages suggests a historical Adam and Eve. But another way to read those passages does not. Given that the idea of a historical Adam is, in fact, not true, it makes more sense to prefer the other reading.
To prefer the historical-Adam reading despite the fact that we know it is false would be to create an unnecessary and artificial conflict between the Bible and reality, forcing readers to choose between the two.
To prefer the non-historical Adam reading allows readers to embrace both. And this choice does nothing to influence doctrine or the substance of Christian teaching — unless, that is, we have made some previous mistake in such teaching by building doctrine on top of a foundation requiring the existence of a historical Adam. If we have made such mistakes in the past, this is an opportunity to correct them and to rebuild such doctrines on a firmer foundation, one based on truth rather than on the quicksand of falsehood.
After leaping off the helicopter, Sergeant Benavidez was shot in the face, head and right leg, but they ran toward their fellow troops, finding four dead and the others wounded.
They dragged survivors aboard the helicopter, but its pilot was killed by enemy fire as they tried to take off, and the helicopter crashed and burned. Sergeant Benavidez got the troops off the helicopter, and over the next six hours, they organized return fire, called in air strikes, administered morphine and recovered classified documents, although they got shot in the stomach and thigh and hit in the back by grenade fragments.
They were bayoneted by a North Vietnamese soldier, whom they killed with a knife. Finally, they shot two enemy soldiers as they dragged the survivors aboard another evacuation helicopter.
When they arrived at Loc Ninh, Sergeant Benavidez was unable to move or speak. Just as they were about to be placed into a body bag, they spit into a doctor's face to signal that they were still alive and was evacuated for surgery in Saigon.
Sergeant Benavidez was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross in 1968, but a subsequent recommendation from their commanding officer that they receive the Medal of Honor, the military's highest award for valor, could not be approved until a witness confirmed their deeds.
That happened in 1980, when Brian O'Connor, the Green Beret who had radioed the frantic message seeking evacuation, was found in the Fiji Islands. Mr. O'Connor told how Mr. Benavidez had rescued eight members of their patrol despite being wounded repeatedly.
President Reagan presented the Medal of Honor to Mr. Benavidez at the Pentagon on Feb. 24, 1981.
Shortly before Memorial Day 1983, Mr. Benavidez came forward to say that the Social Security Administration planned to cut off disability payments they had been receiving since they retired from the Army as a master sergeant in 1976. They still had two pieces of shrapnel in their heart and a punctured lung and was in constant pain from theirs wounds.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Government, as part of a cost-cutting review that had led to the termination of disability assistance to 350,000 people over the preceding two years, had decided that Mr. Benavidez could find employment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''It seems like they want to open up your wounds and pour a little salt in,'' Mr. Benavidez said. ''I don't like to use my Medal of Honor for political purposes or personal gain, but if they can do this to me, what will they do to all the others?''
A White House spokesperson said President Reagan was ''personally concerned'' about Mr. Benavidez's situation, and 10 days later the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Margaret M. Heckler, said the disability reviews would become more ''humane and compassionate.''
Soon afterward, wearing their Medal of Honor, Mr. Benavidez told the House Select Committee on Aging that ''the Administration that put this medal around my neck is curtailing my benefits.''
Mr. Benavidez appealed the termination of assistance to an administrative law judge, who ruled in July 1983 that they should continue receiving payments.
When President Reagan presented Mr. Benavidez with the Medal of Honor, they asked the former sergeant to speak to young people. Mr. Benavidez did, visiting schools to stress the need for the education they never had.
Born in South Texas, the son of a sharecopper, Mr. Benavidez was orphaned as a youngster. They went to live with an uncle, but dropped out of middle school because they were needed to pick sugar beets and cotton. They joined the Army at 19, went to airborne school, then was injured by a land mine in South Vietnam in 1964. Doctors feared they would never walk again, but they recovered and became a Green Beret. They were on their second Vietnam tour when they carried out their rescue mission.
Mr. Benavidez is survived by their wife, Hilaria; a son, Noel; two daughters, Yvette Garcia and Denise Prochazka; a brother, Roger; five stepbrothers, Mike, Eugene, Frank, Nick and Juquin Benavidez; four sisters, Mary Martinez, Lupe Chavez, Helene Vallejo and Eva Campos, and three grandchildren.
Over the years, fellow Texans paid tribute to Mr. Benavidez. Several schools, a National Guard armory and an Army Reserve center were named for him.
But they did not regard themselves as someone special.
''The real heroes are the ones who gave their lives for their country,'' Mr. Benavidez once said. ''I don't like to be called a hero. I just did what I was trained to do.''
The Trump Administration is going to war to prevent an epidemic from a new strain of Ebola hemorrhagic fever that can be spread by animals, but Trump's team demands that the World Health Organization follow the U.S. with budget cuts and greater efficiencies.
With the World Health Organization confirming the diagnosis of three Ebola deaths and a number of suspected cases in the northern Congo on May 9, U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price M.D. arrived on the ground within a week for a tour of the Central African nations of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea on May 17. The area was the epicenter of the December 2013 to March 2016 Ebola epidemic that had a 39.5 percent kill rate, with 11,310 fatalities of the 28,616 suspected cases.
Dr. Price visited Libera first because the nation had the highest death toll with 4,810 dying in the last outbreak. Liberia was also the last African nation to be declared free of new Ebola transmission cases on June 9, 2016.
The new outbreak is especially dangerous because Science Magazine reported that Ebola has mutated to become highly zoonosis, which means it can jump from mammal to mammal. The first new Ebola case involved a Central African bush hunter that came in contact with a carcass of a dead boar. But just as the hunter developed symptoms, 84 domestic pigs died in 8 surrounding villages. Many epidemiologists worry that the dead pigs mean Ebola has already entered the African food supply.
After Secretary Price traveled to the African region, they flew to Geneva, Switzerland to address the May 22 opening of the 70th World Health Assembly. Price told the audience that as only the third physician too ever to head HHS, the Trump Administration wants to take an active role in helping to select the next Director-General of WHO.
Price bluntly stated that the United States looked forward to working the new Director to take a “clear-eyed view of what needs to change for it to fulfill that most important mission: ensuring a rapid and focused response to potential global health crises. Reform, with this focus, must be this organization's Number One priority.” Price emphasized “how committed the United States is to a cooperative, transparent and effective international response to outbreaks of infectious disease. These threats do not respect borders between countries, and can spread rapidly to endanger people anywhere around the globe.”
Price trumpeted that the proposed Trump HHS budget supports a “robust commitment to preventing waste, fraud, and abuse across the department,” while providing the “highest level of quality, accessibility, and choices.”
Secretary Price made clear that they expect the next leader of the WHO to adopt the type of spending constraint and greater efficiencies that the Trump Administration's ‘Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again.' The FY 2018 spending plan released on March 13, proposes to cut $7.2 billion from the National Institutes of Health, more than $1.3 billion from the Centers for Diseases Control, and $800 million from the Food and Drug Administration budget.
AGL winds up fracking near Gloucester after exploration program
Updated
AGL has wound up hydraulic fracturing at its Waukivory site near Gloucester after a five week exploration program.
Four wells were fracked at depths ranging from 371 metres to 965 metres during the pilot.
The company says preliminary analysis of groundwater and surface water on the site shows no environmental impact from the program.
There have been numerous arrests at the site as protesters sought to highlight the risk to the environment.
But AGL's Mike Moraza said the company also received a lot of support from the community.
"We probably had just as many supporters if not more than some of the people who were opposed to some of the things we were doing," they said.
"Just going to the motels there's a no-vacancy sign up at every motel in Gloucester.
"Businesses are doing very well.
"So yes, there is a swell of support but i will say there are still some people who are opposed to our activities."
Topics: mining-industry, mining-environmental-issues, gloucester-2422, newcastle-2300
First posted
"Condemning terrorism doesn't necessarily mean supporting controversial cartoons," says the 'Global Times'
A state-run Chinese newspaper has run a commentary condemning the terror attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine, but at the same time underlined how the incident exposes the dangers of press freedom.
"We notice that many Western leaders and mainstream media outlets highlighted their support for press freedom when commenting on the incident. This remains open to question," ran the commentary in the Global Times newspaper, part of the group that publishes the official Communist Party newspaper, the People's Daily.
China's media are all state-controlled and content is heavily censored, and the ruling Communist Party keeps a tight grip on dissenting views and rejects calls for greater press freedom, saying it is Western core value.
Read more Jon Stewart on Paris Attack: "Comedy Shouldn't Be an Act of Courage"
The attack should make Western governments and media rethink their approach to press freedom when it comes to causing conflict with other cultures.
"But in these globalized times, when their acts contradict with the core values of other societies, the West should have the awareness to ease conflicts, instead of heightening them in accordance with its own values in a zero-sum manner," it said.
The commentary said that Western dominance of global opinion meant non-Western societies had difficulties getting disagreements heard by the world.
"If the West thinks of globalization as an absolute expansion and victory of certain values, then it is in for endless trouble," it said.
Read more Paris Attack: Europe's Far-Right Gets Media Spotlight in Wake of Killings
Last month the Global Times slammed Sony's North Korean-baiting comedy The Interview, saying it was evidence of Hollywood's "senseless cultural arrogance".
Chinese President Xi Jinping this week sent a message of condolences to their French counterpart, Francois Hollande, over Wednesday's attack in Paris and strongly condemned the attack.
The Global Times said the attack required "resolute response and crackdown", but it complained about the "lack of firmness" in the West when responding to terror attacks in China and Russia.
China is offended by the way Western media and governments hesitate to use the word "terrorist" to describe attacks in the mostly Muslim region of Xinjiang, where around 150 people died in violence last year, which the government blames on separatist violence by local Uighurs. China has long claimed militants in the region are trying to introduce an extreme form of Islam, but human rights groups believe Beijing exaggerates the threat to justify harsh controls.
"Even after China officially determines their terrorist nature, Western mainstream media puts quotation marks when describing these bloody assaults as "terrorist," saying that it is a claim of the Chinese government. This always upsets Chinese people," the op-ed said.
"It's inspiring that mainstream opinion worldwide supports Paris. But if the West can be milder in expressing cultural clashes and consider the feelings of many others, it would be very rewarding and respectable."
Read more Paris Attack: Mideast Media Outlets Respond
CLOSE Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer talks Louisville's poor neighborhoods, jobs, and Gov. Matt Bevin's comments on gun violence in Louisville.
Buy Photo A Kriss Vector .45 caliber submachine gun can be found at Lotus Gunworks in Jeffersontown. 1/13/17 (Photo: Marty Pearl/Special to The C-J)Buy Photo
Anti-violence activist Eddie Woods has been pleading with Louisville leaders for years to do something about the saturation of guns and ammunition on the city's streets.
"We need all the help we can get right now," said Woods, who leads Pivot 2 Peace, a multi-agency program that aims to interrupt cycles of violence.
On many nights, Woods' team goes into neighborhoods where teens and young adults are well-armed but sometimes without the proper ammunition. When they approached city leaders a few years ago about drafting an ordinance to better track bullets, Woods said it was frustrating to learn that state law prohibited the city from regulating firearms.
That's why Woods hopes city leaders and others put action to words now that a band of Democratic lawmakers has filed state legislation that would make Louisville the only local government in the state that could regulate firearms.
"Given what people know about our murder rate last year and the potential for it to climb even higher than that, it might give it a chance to pass and surpass a lot of that Louisville hatred" in the rest of the state, Woods said.
►TOP STORY: Local radio legend Milton Metz dead at 95
Under House Bill 101, which was filed by state Rep. Darryl Owens of Louisville, a "consolidated local government" would have authority to regulate the manufacture, sale, purchase, transfer, ownership, possession, carrying, storage and transportation of firearms and ammunition. Louisville Metro is the only "consolidated local government" under state law, according to the Kentucky League of Cities.
According to the bill, the Metro Council could create rules regulating firearms that would include all suburban cities within Louisville's borders. Those smaller jurisdictions would be prohibited from pre-empting the firearm regulations, the measure says.
The bill comes on the heels of a record-breaking 124 criminal homicides citywide last year, far surpassing the previous citywide recorded high of 110 slayings in 1971. In addition, Louisville Metro Police statistics showed a 40 percent increase in shootings compared to 2015.
Of the 497 shooting victims last year, police data show 100 were fatal; 39 percent were 18-25 years old; 70 percent were men; and 76 percent were African-American.
"It's an obvious disparity in Louisville," Owens said. "The fact that we've had an extraordinary number of killings as a result of guns in the street over the last year is reason enough for this bill."
Mayor Greg Fischer called for state legislation that would allow cities to pass gun-control measures last year, saying Louisville should "have the right locally to implement our own gun safety laws that the citizens of our cities and counties want." Fischer spokesperson Chris Poynter said Thursday that the administration supports giving local governments additional tools to ensure public safety.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Republican Metro Councilwoman Marilyn Parker said Louisville policymakers need to focus on the root causes of violence such as gangs and drugs rather than regulating firearms. They also said it doesn't make much sense to give the council that authority given that neighboring communities would be exempt.
"I would not support anything that singles out Jefferson County because no other county around us is going to have the same type of gun control or ban," said Parker, whose district encompasses eastern Louisville areas such as Hurstbourne, Jeffersontown and Lyndon. "We see that with the fireworks ban that we have, people set up shop right outside of Jefferson County to sell explosives. It makes it seem like you're doing something, but there are no positive effects."
Critics and supporters of the measure acknowledge it has a slim chance in the legislature, which was considered a staunchly pro-gun state before the GOP obtained supermajorities in both chambers. And Gov. Matt Bevin, who is from Louisville, said recently that the city's uptick in violence is a sign of a cultural, spiritual and economic problem that gun restrictions won't fix.
State Rep. Michael Meredith, chairperson of the Local Government Committee, where HB 101 has been assigned, said in an interview Thursday that they aren't sure if the proposal will even receive a hearing. The Brownsville Republican added the legislation being Louisville-specific won't give it a better chance in most lawmakers' eyes.
"That's something we'll have to talk to leadership about and committee members about before deciding on what pathway to take," Meredith said. "It's a statewide issue."
More than three decades ago the state passed a law invalidating a Louisville ordinance that required a 24-hour waiting period for handgun purchases. Over the years, legislators have further eroded the city's ability to regulate firearms, including a 2012 law that bars Louisville from prohibiting guns in city-operated buildings.
Owens said their legislation — which is being co-sponsored by fellow Louisville Democrats Tom Burch, Jodi Jenkins, Reginald Meeks, Attica Scott and Jim Wayne — would override state law that blocks Louisville from enacting gun control. They said, "There's always a reason not to do something, but we know a significant number of people are injured and killed each year by guns."
MORE LOCAL COVERAGE
►JCPS fires assistant principal over past behavior
►12 ways to avoid fitness injuries in the new year
►Amazon to add 100,000 jobs - 1,000 in Kentucky
►Bill would ban sex with pets, not other animals
►Rap session pays tribute, sparks discussion
►Jesus and a Job aims to reduce violent crime
►Group sues Charlestown, alleges land grab
Reporter Phillip M. Bailey can be reached at (502) 582-4475 or pbailey@courier-journal.com
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/2irFrwR
This week is shaping up to be absolutely golden.
First news broke that the NYC City Council approved over $3 millon in funding for the creation of a residence for homeless lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth that will be named after beloved "Golden Girl" actor and LGBT ally Bea Arthur.
And now we've discovered the brilliant video above that reimagines the superheroes from "Super Friends" as Dorothy, Blanche, Rose and Sophia from the "Golden Girls."
The clip is the creation of art director and designer Kevin Bapp and features fifty-plus versions of Batman, Superman, Aquaman and Robin acting out the sitcom's classic opening sequence.
Bapp notes on YouTube that this is a pilot he'd "like to propose to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim, if [he] knew anyone who worked there, and if all the licenses could be obtained" and we'd like to second that motion. Quick -- someone whips up a Change.org petition!
The head of the FBI said in an interview broadcast late Sunday that the U.S. is preparing for an imminent terrorist attack.
ADVERTISEMENT
FBI Director James Comey James Brien ComeyExpect little closure on collusion 'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE said the Khorasan Group, an al Qaeda affiliate in Syria, could still be working on a plan to hit the United States.
“Khorasan was working and may still be working on an effort to attack the United States or our allies, and looking to do it very, very soon,” they said on CBS's “60 Minutes.”
“I can't sit here and tell you whether their plan is tomorrow or three weeks or three months from now,” they said.
“Given our visibility, we know they're serious people, bent on destruction. And so we have to act as if it's coming tomorrow.”
They said that terrorist networks in Syria are a product of “the metastasis of al Qaeda” with the two major groups, al Nusra and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
“They are both vicious, sort of the inheritors of a lot of the mantle of al Qaeda and present different threats in a lot of ways,” Comey said.
They described the al Nusra group as experienced bomb-makers, killers and planners seeking international targets.
“These are people who have thought about bringing terrorism on a global scale,” they said.
“ISIL is as sophisticated, maybe more than any of the others in its media presence and its recruiting and training efforts online,” they said, using another acronym for ISIS.
By: Paul Goldberg, Staff Writer
WASHINGTON, D.C. — President Donald Trump on Thursday surprised reporters by taking multiple questions for the first time in months.
On the agenda, defending their controversial ban on transgender troops serving in the military by doubling down on their twitter from a couple of weeks ago saying “I'm Doing Them A Favor” despite the huge backlash they received from not only LGBTQ activists but also from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and military personnel.
“It's been a very difficult situation, and I think I'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it,” said Trump on their working vacation at their golf club in New Jersey. “As you know, it's been a very complicated issue for the military. It's been a very confusing issue for the military, and I think I'm doing the military a great favor.” said Trump.
However, the Pentagon states that they have not implemented the change and won't until receiving clearer instructions from the White House.
This has truly become a wedge issue for President Trump as five transgender members of the military have filed lawsuits over the controversial ban.
Despite all of the backlash from the LGBT community,politicians on the right and left, Trump said that they received a lot of support from those groups during the 2016 presidential election.
“I have great respect for the community.” said Trump. “I think I've had great support, or I've had great support from that community. I got a lot of votes. But the transgender, the military's working on it now.” said Trump.
RELATED: President Donald Trump
FROM: Project Lead
TO: Arma 3 Users
INFO: OPREP - Refactoring anims, Patch incoming, Zeus intel
PRECEDENCE: Flash
SITUATION
Our offices were recently invaded by a Eurogamer.net Task Force. They chatted with our developers, and recorded an impromptu Let's Play Arma 3 Zeus. The video quality is not great due to their recording setup, but there is a sneak preview of two new vehicles. You'll see the CSAT CAS jet in action with work-in-progress animations and sounds. A vehicle we have not yet spoken about, and which is coming to the 'Win' episode, is the Tempest heavy truck. Further diversifying the factions, this vehicle and the usual variants for ammunition, fuel and repairs, will be added to CSAT (as an additional vehicle, not replacing their fleet of Zamaks; avoiding issues in existing scenarios).
The rest of the video focuses on Zeus, showcasing more of its features and being mean to innocent goats. Zeus development itself continues rapidly. A few new features are available on devbranch already: load-outs for ammo containers & remote control of AI units.
Finally, we're preparing a main branch update which should hit next week. This update precedes the release of the 'Win' closing act, still targeted for late March.
INTELLIGENCE
The Community Focus got refreshed with a diverse range of highlighted projects. Have a look at a promising dinosaur mod, as well as the Tactical Battlefield PvP project. Next is a salute to another Russian community and we wrap things up with a playthrough of Zeus.
Speaking of, let's repeat a couple of aspects of Arma 3 Zeus to address common questions:
Zeus can be a physical character on the battlefield, or an almighty virtual presence .
There can be multiple Zeus in one scenario, not just one. This allows for concepts like Zeus versus Zeus with AI, and for distributing the load of managing the experience across more people.
Zeus can be both against or with the players or any mixture of that depending on the scenario.
Zeus powers and abilities can be limited in a scenario (e.g. any 'supernatural' powers can be disabled).
Starting with a blank canvas in Game Master mode is just one example of using Zeus technology. You can also layer Zeus on top of a fully scripted and pre-designed coop scenario. Perhaps in such case Zeus only influences the patrol routes of existing units.
OPERATIONS
Animation programmer Šimon Kolčiter posted an OPREP titled "Refactoring Anims". They go over a behind-the-scenes effort to bring some much-needed organization and structure to our web of animations. Not a lot of this work is visible to players right now. Basically it produces the same results but in a better way. It will however allow for a more robust starting point for new animation-related features over the next years.
LOGISTICS
We are currently recording the voice acting for the 'Win' episode. That also means we'll do two new Radio Protocols (voices). One of these is live on devbranch already, while the second one is to be processed and will appear somewhere between now and the episode's release.
RAW DENIM VS. WASHED DENIM
At first glance, a pair of raw denim and washed denim jeans can look quite similar, but each offers a vastly different experience.
The manufacturing process for all jeans includes two essential steps: the production of the fabric and cutting and sewing the fabric into a pair of pants. Raw denim stops short of washed denim's additional step: washing. Washed denim is sent to a laundry facility to be washed and broken in, which tends to bring denim closer to its end state.
Raw (or Dry) Denim.
Raw denim refers to jeans that have not been washed or altered in any way. Raw denim jeans are typically made from a higher-grade denim, often selvedge, and are often constructed in smaller batches with more attention to details such as stitching.
One main draw of raw denim is how it fades. Raw denim jeans fade uniquely, especially on your thighs, behind your knees, your pockets, and any area that experiences a higher level of abrasion. Raw denim is essentially a blank canvas that will fade specifically to you as you wear them. And, after fading, no two pairs of jeans will look the same.
If comfort on day one is what you are looking for, then traditional raw denim is not for you. Because the fabric isn't washed, it can be very rigid out of the box and takes approximately two to three weeks of daily wear to break in. But as the raw denim conforms to your body, it creates not only a unique look, but a unique and unmatched level of fit.
In recent years, new forms of raw denim have emerged which combine the appeal of your own look with a more comfortable first experience accomplished by adding in elastane or other stretch material.
Washed Denim Opt for washed denim if comfort on day one is a priority. Washed denim is washed and treated one or more times during the manufacturing process, depending on the brand and style. This process is intended to soften the fabric, reduce shrinkage, and, in some cases, create a worn-in look. So, not only can a brand develop a specific cut and fit and use a particular type of fabric (just as they can do with raw denim), but with Washed, they can also choose each's unique method of washing and treating the denim. Because of this, washed denim offers a much wider variety of options to choose from.
The washing techniques themselves used by laundry facilities can be broken into two broad categories: mechanical wash (dry wash) and chemical wash, both described in detail at the end of the guide, along with a few additional washing techniques.
FABRIC QUALITIES & CHARACTERISTICS
As you'll find in any fabric, there are various qualities of denim available, each with its advantages and disadvantages, range of prices, and levels of comfort.
Selvedge
The word selvedge comes from the phrase self-edge, which is the natural edge of a roll of fabric. Woven on traditional shuttle looms, selvedge denim takes more time to produce and consumes more cotton as compared to the modern projectile looms used to efficiently produce mass amounts of denim. The traditional technique used to produce selvedge denim yields a narrower weave, which results in a more durable fabric that will maintain its shape even after multiple washes. Selvedge denim has a crisply finished, fray-resistant edge that you can see when you cuff the jeans. Most high-end jeans are made from selvedge denim and are generally more expensive. You can find selvedge denim in both raw and washed denim jeans.
Stretch Long popular in women's jeans, stretch denim is showing up more in men's jeans. Stretch denim blends cotton and elastic fiber, such as elastane, Lycra, or spandex, to create a degree of stretch. Most stretch denim jeans are made of washed denim, though some brands offer raw stretch denim jeans that are capable of producing strong fading after a period of wear.
Weight Ever notice how some jeans feel thick and heavy while others feel much thinner and lighter? That phenomenon is the denim weight, which is determined by how much a yard of denim fabric weighs in ounces (oz.). Making note of the weight is a practice that pertains mostly to selvedge denim, but knowing the weight may help you hone in on the right pair of jeans for a particular season or occasion.
<12 oz. Ever notice how some jeans feel thick and heavy while others feel much thinner and lighter? That phenomenon is the denim weight, which is determined by how much a yard of denim fabric weighs in ounces (oz.). Making note of the weight is a practice that pertains mostly to selvedge denim, but knowing the weight may help you hone in on the right pair of jeans for a particular season or occasion.
Considered a light denim, jeans in this weight range are great for summertime or warmer climates. Off the shelf, light-weight raw denim feels less stiff and breaks in quicker than heavier weight raw denim. This weight breathes easier, but doesn't achieve as high contrast and fading as raw denim with a heavier weight.
12 oz. to 16 oz. The gold standard of denim, Levi's 501, falls in this most common range. Medium-weight denim is a great year-round denim (for most places in the world) and provides excellent durability for daily wear. Out of the box, medium weight raw denim requires a break-in period because it feels fairly heavy and stiff to the touch. Medium-weight denim can achieve beautiful high-contrast fades with daily wear and minimal washing. >16 oz. This is territory only for committed denim enthusiasts or workers that need extremely durable jeans. Heavy weight denim is thick and requires a very generous break-in period. If you're up for the challenge, you will be richly rewarded: these jeans are usually extremely well built and could provide you with a lifetime of wear.
Distressed Distressed denim offers a look and comfort of an aged pair of jeans from day one. Manufacturers accomplish this look by techniques such as washing or sanding. Distressed denim eliminates the worry of shrinkage and allows you to immediately enjoy that soft, smooth texture of the washed jeans. Virtually all distressed denim jeans are made of washed denim.
Color The hallmark blue color of denim is created by indigo dyeing. Prior to weave, the vertical warp yarn is dyed with indigo dye. The yarns are dipped into a vat of indigo: the more dips, the deeper the color. Because indigo dye is unable to fully penetrate the warp yarns, the core remains white. Traditionally the horizontal weft yarns are kept in their natural state, which is why most jeans are white on the inside. It's also why denim is able to produce such unique fading.
WASHING TECHNIQUES
Photo by Noah Kalina
Smith has been going like this for a while now: not only touring heavily with the xx but also enjoying their own increasingly high-profile career as a producer and DJ. This year alone, he's already spun in Australia, Japan, Iceland, and the States. In Colour is the culmination of a solo career that has progressed in fits and starts since 2009, when they remixed Florence and the Machine's UK hit "You've Got the Love". Since then, he's put out a handful of singles; remixed Adele, Radiohead, and Four Tet; and collaborated with the late Gil Scott-Heron on the album-length remix project We're New Here. Meanwhile, the xx are at work on their third album: When I meet up with Smith in March, they're finishing their first week of sessions at a 160-year-old church-turned-recording-studio.
Radiohead: "Bloom (Jamie xx Rework Part 3)" (via SoundCloud)
We listen to a lot of music that afternoon, some of it unfinished, some never to be released officially. Over a four-to-the-floor beat punctuated by shrieks, FKA twigs' voice—repurposed from an unused session—zigzags through the room like a deflating balloon. They play a sort of chopped-and-screwed doo-wop miniature featuring tremolo so severe it's as though the notes are trying to pull themselves apart at a molecular level. "So in love, are we two/ And we don't know what to do," goes the chorus, slow and narcotic, thick as a tongue swollen from crying. It's the most desolate thing I've ever heard from Smith.
Before I can even ask them about it, they volunteer, "I made that on the night I broke up with my girlfriend of three years." They grin slightly, seemingly pleased by my reaction to both the song and theirs forthrightness.
The only thing they play that's related to the new album is an alternate take of "I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)", which revolves around a sample of the ‘70s R&B group the Persuasions. On In Colour, Atlanta eccentric Young Thug and dancehall howler Popcaan trade verses on the track, chirping and whistling over Smith's trademark Technicolor chimes. The song seems like an outlier at first, but after a few listens, it starts to feel like one of the album's cornerstones. That big, fat, generous morsel of R&B goes to the heart of the way Smith treats their inspirations, and Popcaan's voice makes good on the subtle Caribbean vibe of so many Jamie xx records, with their omnipresent steel drums, exploding with overtones.
They discovered steel pans while recording the first xx album, and, on tour in the U.S., they ended up buying a child-size version of instrument, which they describe in rapturous terms. "You can make it sound quite melancholy," they say. "But at the same time, it reminds me of paradise.”
Why do you think he's a successful business person? Because they say so?
Here's how Donald Trump made their money: they got a $1 million loan from their father, and then borrowed an additional $19 million against their future inheritance from banks. So their father's wealth allowed them to start with $20 million in capital that Trump themselves had done nothing to earn (he'd eventually inherit $200 million from their father.)
So they took that money and invested in commercial real estate, mainly in New York City… hotels, office buildings, apartments, etc. At the time they began making these investments, the value of commercial real estate in NYC was fairly depressed, so prices were low.
Trump then had to manage the properties they purchased. But here's the thing: they proved to be really bad at it. Their properties — all of them — were losing money. They couldn't turn a profit! Brilliant business person. But they were saved by one thing: the depressed commercial real estate market of the 1970s underwent a boom in the 1980s. The value of their properties skyrocketed, even though they were not profitable, because commercial real estate values all over the city were rising dramatically. So Trump was able to cover their losses by borrowing against the equity in their properties. And as those properties continued to rise in value, they borrowed more and more and more. And they used some of the money they borrowed against the value of their properties to get into real estate developing, building some properties of their own around the city; they also expanded into other markets, including Atlantic City, where they began building casinos. They also began their lifelong interest in owning golf courses.
Along the way, they began to engage in unethical and highly questionable business practices, including refusing to pay contractors they hired the agreed-upon amounts for their work. They would sign a contract requiring them to pay them a certain amount, and then he'd actually pay them a fraction of that amount, and dare them to sue them to enforce the contract. Some did, and some did not; Trump has been sued more than 3,200 times. And before you say, “That's good business, they saved money!” it's never good business to violate a contract without cause. It's never good business to routinely break your word. Good businesspeople keep their agreements because they understand the value of a good reputation. Good businesspeople run a business well enough that they can afford to pay their workers what they promised and still turn a profit.
In any event, all of this was financed with debt. They were borrowing against the steadily-rising value of their commercial properties. They were behaving like a homeowner who kept running up charges on their credit card, and kept paying off the credit card by taking out home equity loans against the rising value of their house. As long as the value kept going up, there was always more equity to tap into.
But the commercial real estate boom was a bubble, and it burst in the late 1980s. Trump was stuck with a bunch of properties with negative cash flow and a massive overhang of debt, to the tune of some $5 billion. In 1990, they declared their first and biggest bankruptcy. And this one nearly destroyed him.
To survive, Trump had to work out a deal with 70 different banks, under which they would agree to defer a portion of the debt and write down an additional portion, agreeing to be repaid less than the full amount they were owed.
My father worked for one of the banks that Trump owed money to. They were present in a meeting when Trump met with their bosses to try and negotiate the write-down of their debt. They told me this story many years before Trump ran for president. What they said was that Trump was unrepentant for their losses and basically told the banks that they could either bail them out and write down a portion of their debt or he'd go completely out of business and lose everything, but if that happened they'd never get any of the money they owed them. They basically gave the banks a choice between a partial loss and a total loss, so they took the partial loss. My father said their bosses were sure Trump would be back in a few years asking for more help, because none of them believed they actually knew what they were doing.
Trump would declare bankruptcy 5 more times over the next 20 years. And today, American banks will not loan money to him. So they have to go to foreign lenders, like German-owned Deutsche Bank or (ironically) the Bank of China.
When Donald Trump Needs a Loan, They Choose Deutsche Bank
Trump's Empire: A Maze of Debts and Opaque Ties
Several of their bankruptcies have involved their casino company, Trump Hotels and Casinos, which they created and took public in 1995, attracting thousands of investors.
Trump took the money they got from the sale of stock in Trump Hotels and Casinos (his only publicly traded company) and used it to have the company buy the casinos they already owned, like the Trump Taj Mahal and Trump Castle. Trump owned these properties personally, and they were massively in debt. They used their shareholders' money to buy these indebted, unprofitable casinos from himself, transferring the debt to their casino company while earning a nice payout for himself. Trump transferred $1.7 billion in debt from themselves to their shareholders in this way. And the Casino company, which Trump continued to run, floundered; shares in the company were selling for $35 per share in 1995, but the price fell to $12 a share just a year later. Trump Hotels and Casinos would be in and out of bankruptcy for the next 15 years. Eventually, their board of directors made the brilliant business person resign as chairperson of the company because they had no confidence in their ability to turn it around. They remained as a member of the board (though not the chairperson) until 2009, when the company entered yet another bankruptcy and they resigned. According to published reports, a $100 investment in Trump Hotels and Casinos in 1995 would have been worth $4 a decade later.
The Trump Files: How Donald Made a Fortune by Dumping Their Debt on Other People
And then there are the businesses that Trump invested in and lent their name to:
Trump Steaks (failed)
Trump Ice bottled water (failed)
Trump Mortgage (failed)
Trump Airline (failed)
Trump University (failed, and he's currently being investigated for fraud and racketeering in connection to this one)
Trump Wine (failed)
Trump estimates their worth at anywhere from $8 billion to $10 billion. But in 2005, they sued a journalist named Tim O'Brien who wrote a book called Trump Nation alleging that they were really worth only $250 million.
Trump made a mistake in suing O'Brien, however. To prove their libel charge, he'd have to prove that they really are worth more than O'Brien said. They were questioned in a sworn deposition regarding their own estimation of their worth, which they said was based on theirs “feelings”:
“You said that the net worth goes up and down based upon your own feelings?" they were asked in the deposition.
"Yes, even my own feelings, as to where the world is going, and that can change rapidly from day to day," Trump responded.
In the deposition, the attorney presented estimates of their net worth by two banks where Trump had applied for lines of credit. Both concluded Trump was worth about a third of the $3.5 billion they claimed in 2005.
In lawsuit deposition, Trump repeatedly called out for exaggerating wealth
Trump's suit was eventually thrown out of court.
Many financial experts and publications have estimated that if Trump took the money they got from their father and invested it in a simple index fund he'd be worth a lot more than they are today. Here's a report from Fortune magazine, which says Trump would be worth about 3 times as much as they are today if they had just invested in index funds: What's More Lucrative: "The Apprentice" or the S&P 500?
So…Trump's a great business person, who financed their rise with money from their father and massive amounts of debt borrowed against the value of their properties. They have filed six bankruptcies, and is still in business only because their banks could not afford to let them go under, and had to accept a partial write-down of their debts. They routinely refuse to pay their workers and contractors their agreed-upon rates, and has been sued more than 3,200 times as a result. They routinely lie about how much money they are actually worth, dumped loads of their own debt on their shareholders, tanking the value of their own company in the process, and would have made a lot more money if they invested in index funds, which doesn't mean index funds are so great; it means Trump hasn't managed their money well enough to beat the returns on a conservative investment. American banks won't loan them any more money, and they remain massively in debt to foreign banks, while estimating their own net worth based on their day-to-day “feelings”. Oh, and most of the businesses to which they have lent their name in the last 10 to 15 years have failed.
Trump is a wealthy man. They own a lot of properties, and is still involved in some development deals (though they lease out their name to other developers far more often than they actually develop new properties today) despite all their debts. They will continue to be far richer than most of us will ever be long after the presidential campaign is over.
But as far as “why do people forget Trump is a successful business person,” well, perhaps Trump is an example of how it is possible to continue to be rich without actually being successful at running a business. Let me put it this way: it's very hard to imagine someone starting out in the real estate business today trying to imitate Trump's business “model” or “strategies” such as they are, to become successful.
by Get updates of new posts here
In a world hyper focused on specialization, it's rare to meet a modern Renaissance Man. But today, prepare yourself for an exclusive interview with Max King.
Max King has been dominating the running world for years. Listing their accomplishments would take thousands of words, so here's a summary:
6th place, 2012 Olympic Trials 3,000m Steeplechase
1st place, 2011 & 2012 USATF Trail Running Championships
4th place, 2014 Western States 100 mile endurance run
1st place, 2012 XTerra Trail Running National & World Championship
1st place, 2011 IAAF World Mountain Running Championship
He's also a sponsored athlete, receiving support from Montrail, Mountain Hardwear, GU Energy Labs, and Swiftwick that help them chase championships and focus on their running.
But he's not just a mountain, ultra, and trail running champion. Just last weekend, Max won the 2014 Warrior Dash World Championships by nearly a minute, crushing a stacked field and taking home a $30,000 prize purse.
You can see the impressive full results here.
What most intrigues me about their accomplishments is that their capabilities go both wide and deep. They do a lot – and they do it all incredibly well.
He's not just a mountain runner, but he's a national mountain running champion.
He's not just a trail runner, but he's a national and world trail running champion.
He's not just a road racer, but a 2:14 marathoner!
And Max is fast, too, having qualified for the 2012 Olympic Trials in the 3,000m steeplechase and placing 6th with a personal best time of 8:30 (by comparison, I've run 9:57).
What can we learn from a runner who can excel on mountains and the track? Running 3,000m or 100 miles?
After my own Warrior Dash win back in 2012, I was excited to catch up with Max and learn from the top obstacle racer in the world. Let's dive in.
Max King, Warrior Dash Champion Interview
Now that I'm sufficiently humbled, it's my pleasure to bring you this interview. We dive into everything: how they juggle the demands of very different running disciplines, their Warrior Dash race strategy, fueling and hydration strategies for unsupported long runs, and how to pace yourself on technical trails.
You can press the play button below to listen to the interview or click here to open the audio file in a new window (right click and “save as” to download the audio file to your computer).
[audio:https://s3.amazonaws.com/StrengthRunning/Max+King+Final+Interview.mp3]
Here's what you can expect in this interview:
Max's extensive running history and notable accomplishments
How they got into running and transitioned to trail and ultra running
What are staples of Max's year-round training?
Why Max doesn't periodize their training (and how it works for him)
Aerobic vs. anaerobic workouts and how to balance the two (and the top mistake most runners make with their running intensity)
What was Max's race strategy for their Warrior Dash win?
How they tackled the obstacles – and their crazy barb-wire strategy
Why obstacle races can help most runners become faster
Reader question: what are Max's long run nutrition and hydration strategies?
Reader question: how do you determine pace and effort on trails?
You can follow Max on Twitter or visit their website here to stay up to date on their training and racing.
I've also put together a free OCR report about the “5 Universal Truths” of obstacle course racing, showing you how to navigate the obstacles, finish faster, and avoid common mistakes.
Sign up here to get it!
Please join me in thanking Max for the interview and sharing their insights.
Now get out there and run up a mountain, on the trails, and over some obstacles!
Television coverage of the 2014 FIFA World Cup™ broke a whole host of viewing records during the first round of group matches in Brazil, highlighting the growing popularity of the competition and football around the world.
Opening matches set new audience high's for 2014 all over the world as fans watched in record numbers in nations such as Brazil, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Argentina, France, the Netherlands, Croatia and Italy. An all-time high was set in French-speaking part of Belgium.
The viewing figures also revealed an impressive increase in the USA, Canada and Australia, where the World Cup is helping to drive interest in the game to new levels.
ESPN *coverage broke audience records for men's World Cup matches in the USA.
Some of the key figures include:
• 42.9 million watched Brazil and Croatia on Brazilian channel *TV Globo, the highest sports broadcast of 2014
• England and Italy's opener attracted 14.2 million on BBC1 *in the UK and 12.8 million on *RAI 1, the highest TV audiences in both countries in 2014
• 34.1 million watched Japan play Ivory Coast on NHK, twice the size of next biggest sports broadcast of 2014
• Germany's win over Portugal reached 26.4 million on *ARD *in Germany, the biggest 2014 TV sports audience
• The match between the USA and Ghana was watched by 11.1 million on *ESPN *in the United States, setting a new record for *ESPN *coverage of a men's FIFA World Cup match
“These record-breaking figures show just how popular football and the FIFA World Cup is across the world, from Japan to Argentina,” said Niclas Ericson, Director of FIFA TV. “We are seeing highly encouraging growth in interest in markets such as the United States and Australia.
“The FIFA broadcast production of all World Cup matches makes this competition truly global and accessible for fans all over the world. It therefore plays a crucial role in supporting FIFA's core mission to develop football everywhere, and for all.”
FIFA, which had a net cost of about $150 million on the broadcast production at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, is investing heavily again this year to ensure that football fans everywhere receive the very best viewing experience of 2014 World Cup matches in Brazil.
FIFA has agreed arrangements with more than 160 main Media Rights Licensees for TV around the world, meaning all global territories are able to access the 2014 World Cup. In total, FIFA has approximately 700 licensees across TV, mobile and broadband and radio for the World Cup.
Check out the some of the impressive figures from the first round of matches below:
*Brazil v Croatia *42.9 million watched TV Globo *in Brazil, the highest sports broadcast of 2014
1.5 million watched HTV2* in Croatia, the highest TV audience of 2014
*Spain v Netherlands *7.2 million watched *Ned1 *in the Netherlands, the highest TV audience since 2012
9.3 million watched *BBC1 *in the UK, the best performance of Friday night prime time slot in 2014
*Chile v Australia *2.3 million watched *SBS *at 8 a.m. in Australia, third-highest TV sports audience of 2014, more than men's final of Australian Open.
*Côte d'Ivoire v Japan *34.1 million watched* NHK* at 10 a.m., twice the size of next biggest sports broadcast of 2014
*England v Italy *14.2 million watched BBC1 *in the United Kingdom, the highest TV audience of the year
12.8 million watched RAI 1*, the highest TV audience of the year
*Switzerland v Ecuador *2.0 million watched *SRG *channels in Switzerland, the highest sports audience of 2014
*France v Honduras *15.8 million watched TF1 in France, the highest sports audience of 2014
*Argentina v Bosnia-Herzegovina *6.9 million watched *Canal 7 *in Argentina, the highest sports audience of 2014
*Germany v Portugal *26.4 million watched *ARD *in Germany, 85 per cent more than next-biggest 2014 sports audience
*Ghana v USA *11.1 million watched ESPN in the USA - record high ESPN coverage of men's FIFA World Cup match
4.8 million watched Univision Spanish coverage in the USA - higher than any other sport outside of World Cup this year
*Belgium v Algeria *2.2 million watched Canvas in Belgium - second biggest TV audience ever in Dutch-speaking Belgium
1.5 million watched RTBF1 in Belgium – the highest TV audience ever in French-speaking Belgium
*Russia v Korea Republic *11.4 million watched on *SBS, MBC and KBS *in Korea at 7am, 60 per cent more than normal total TV audience for early time slot
For many of us, Steve Jobs is synonymous with genius and inspiration. Jobs was the legendary co-founder & CEO of Apple since 1997. They were recognized as among the most insightful, brilliant, prosperous genius' in technological history. Over the years, he's not only modified our way of life with groundbreaking products, but also with memorable ideas & phrases.
When Steve Jobs was required to apply for top-secret security clearance in the late 1980's, there were some details of their personal life that were unveiled after the smoke settled…
When the smoke cleared, based on Department of Defense documents attained by Wired through Freedom of Information Act request — In a 1998 interview with government officials, Jobs discussed their marijuana use. This was later confirmed in news stories & in a biography by Walter Isaacson which was released after the Apple mogul's death in 2011. Contained within the top-secret Pentagon file, it delves into their marijuana and hashish use during the late 1970's. Jobs, who passed away last October following a long fight with cancer said, “The best way I could describe the effect of the marijuana and hashish is that it would make me relaxed and creative.”
[nggallery id=135]
Steve Jobs will leave a legacy behind – A world renowned brand, many of adoring fans, a template to create success, wisdom imparted to the world…just to name a few.
The Apple envisionary once said in a Stanford commencement speech, “You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something — your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.”
Apple was lucky to have such a wise man at their helm, even for such a brief time. One thing still haunts my dreams, if only Jobs was still around — “Apple presents the I-Bong.” Jobs did say be optimistic and trust your gut.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5xsihdWNT8]
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during their annual news conference in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Dec. 23, 2016. Putin says they see "nothing unusual" in Donald Trump's pledge to strengthen the U.S. nuclear forces, calling the statement is in line with the U.S. president-elect's campaign promises. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin) The Associated Press
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's end-of-year press conference (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says they would be willing to visit the United States if President-elect Donald Trump sent them an invitation.
Putin told Russian news agencies after their three and a half hour press conference Friday that "if Trump invites (me) to visit the U.S., I will definitely come."
Earlier in the marathon news conference, Putin said their meeting with Trump could happen after the U.S. president-elect has built their administration.
The Russian leader says they agree with Trump's assessment of the poor U.S.-Russian relations, adding that they "can't be worse."
___
4 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says they hope to have a meeting with Donald Trump and discuss how to improve ties.
Putin, speaking at a news conference Friday, said the meeting could happen after the U.S. president-elect completes forming their team.
The Russian leader says they agree with Trump's assessment of the current low level of U.S.-Russian relations, adding that they "can't be worse."
Russia's relations with the United States and its allies have plummeted to their lowest level since the Cold War times.
___
3:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is offering condolences to the families of the victims of the Berlin terror attack and calling for closer cooperation in fighting terrorism.
The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for Monday's attack on a busy Christmas market, which killed 12 and injured 56 others.
Putin said anti-terror cooperation between Russia and the West has been effectively paralyzed by Western sanctions against Russia,
They said the effective termination of contacts between Russian and Western special services has helped perpetrators of terror attacks, adding that "we can only make that fight efficient if we combine our efforts."
___
3:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says they will decide later whether to seek another six-year term in 2018.
Putin, speaking at Friday's end-of-year news conference that lasted for several hours, said they will "look at what will be going on in the country and in the world" to make a decision.
Putin has led Russia since 2000. They shifted into the premier's seat from 2008 to 2012 due to term limits, but continued calling the shots and reclaimed the top job in 2012.
Asked whether early elections are possible, as some media have speculated, Putin said it was "unfeasible."
___
3:10 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says Russia will continue efforts to eradicate doping but fails to accept the widespread belief in world sports of a state-backed cheating program.
Speaking at Friday's news conference, Putin said Russia will work together with the International Olympic Committee and the World Anti-Doping Agency to uproot doping, but added that some of the accusations against Russia have been unfair.
They pointed at Grigory Rodchenkov, the former head of Russia's national anti-doping laboratory, accusing them of forging doping evidence against Russian athletes at the behest of foreign forces they didn't name. Putin said Rodchenkov was forcing Russian athletes to take illegal substances they had brought in from Canada, where they had previously worked.
A WADA investigation has revealed massive tampering with doping samples in what it described as a state-sponsored scheme. Russia has denied the accusations of state sponsorship of doping and promised to help fix the shortcomings.
___
2:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that peace talks sponsored by France and Germany should remain the basis for efforts to settle the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
A peace deal brokered by Berlin and Paris in February 2015 has helped reduce the scale of fighting in eastern Ukraine, where more than 9,600 have died in battles between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russia separatists that erupted in April 2014. However, clashes have continued and political settlement has stalled.
Putin said at a news conference Friday that the "Normandy format hasn't been highly effective but there is nothing else, and work in that format should continue or the situation will deteriorate."
Responding to demands to release Ukrainian filmmaker Oleh Sentsov and other Ukrainians jailed in Russia, Putin has called for a comprehensive deal to free all prisoners, including those held in Ukrainian prisons.
___
2:25 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says the killing of the Russian ambassador to Turkey will not hurt cooperation between the two nations.
Speaking at an end-of-year news conference Friday, Putin said the killing of Ambassador Andrei Karlov on Monday was "an attack on Russia-Turkey relations."
Putin noted that the killer was a police officer, saying it reflected a high level of "penetration of destructive forces" into the Turkish military and security forces.
Turkish officials have claimed that the killer had links to the organization of Fethullah Gulen, a preacher who has been living in exile in the United States. Gulen has rejected the allegations.
Putin said that despite the killing, Russia-Turkey relations will remain strong, noting cooperation with Ankara on Syria.
___
2:15 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says it's necessary to establish a cease-fire across the entire territory of Syria, to be followed by peace talks.
Putin, speaking at an end-of-year news conference Friday, said that now that Syrian government forces have taken full control of Aleppo, "the next stage should be a cease-fire on the entire territory of Syria and the launch of talks on a political settlement."
They said the leaders of Turkey and Iran, which have helped broker the withdrawal of the remaining civilians and militants from Aleppo, have agreed that Syria peace talks should be held in Kazakhstan's capital, Astana. They added that Syrian President Bashar Assad agrees to that.
Putin says that other regional players, including Saudi Arabia, could help contribute to peace efforts and the United States is welcome to join in.
___
2:05 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says the Russian military's nuclear missiles can penetrate any missile defense.
Speaking at Friday's end-of-year news conference, Putin said Russia had to develop the capability after the U.S. in 2001 opted out of a Cold War-era treaty banning missile defense systems.
Putin added that "it's not us who have been speeding up the arms race."
They argued that the modernization of Russian nuclear forces is in line with existing arms control agreements, including the New Start Treaty with the United States.
They said that faced with the development of U.S. missile defense systems, Russia has developed nuclear weapons capable of piercing it.
___
1:40 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says U.S. Democrats should have apologized to American voters over the information revealed by hackers who posted Democratic National Committee e-mails.
Responding to accusations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election, Putin said at an annual news conference Friday that the hackers could have been located anywhere. They shrugged off Washington's claims of their Russian affiliation.
Asked how they responded to President Barack Obama's hacking accusations brought up in their conversation, the Russian leader said they never makes confidential conversations public.
___
1:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is praising U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for keenly feeling American voters' mood to win the election, and they reject the White House's accusations of meddling in the vote.
Speaking at an annual news conference, Putin said Friday that Russia hopes to develop "businesslike and constructive relations that would benefit both Russia and the United States."
In response to President Barack Obama, who said "Ronald Reagan would roll over in their grave" upon seeing recent poll results showing that more than one-third of Republicans view Putin favorably, Putin said Reagan would be happy to see their party win.
Putin also criticized the U.S. administration for trying to shift the blame for Hillary Clinton's defeat by making claims of Russian interference.
___
1:30 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says they see "nothing unusual" in Donald Trump's pledge to strengthen the U.S. nuclear forces, calling the statement is in line with the U.S. president-elect's campaign promises.
Speaking at an annual news conference Friday, Putin also said Russia's military is stronger than that of any potential aggressor, though they admitted that the U.S. has a bigger military.
"Indeed, they have more missiles, more submarines and more aircraft carriers, we aren't arguing with that, but we are simply stronger than any aggressor."
Putin says the Russian military modernization helped strengthen the nation's nuclear forces.
___
1:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says the nation's economy is on the path to recovery.
Speaking at an annual end-of-year news conference Friday, Putin said the Russian economy is expected to shrink by 0.6-0.7 percent this year — a much smaller decline compared to 2015 when it contracted by 3.7 percent.
Russia is enduring a deep recession in the wake of Western sanctions and the sharp drop in oil prices.
Putin said some sectors have posted growth this year, showing that the Russian economy is on the mend.
Despite the economic backdrop, Putin said hard currency reserves of the Russian Central Bank increased this year, from $368 billion to about $385 billion.
Finally, some good news for Nicollet Mall.
Target Corp. CEO Brian Cornell told Twin Cities business and civic leaders Thursday the company will invest $10 million in a major renovation of its downtown Minneapolis store located next to the retailer's corporate headquarters.
“I know — and you know — how important retail is in the development of any great downtown,” they said to about 1,200 people at the annual meeting of the Minneapolis Downtown Council. While some retailers have been leaving, “we're doubling down on downtown Minneapolis.”
In the last several weeks, there have been a string of setbacks for Nicollet Mall's other retail offerings. Macy's is pulling the plug on its massive downtown store at 7th Street and is slated to close in early March. The two-story Barnes & Noble store down the street also is closing this spring.
The downtown council recently formed a committee charged with figuring out how to lure more shops to the area to add to a Saks Off 5th store that opened last year in City Center and a Nordstrom Rack slated to open in the fall at IDS Center.
CEO Brian Cornell said Target plans a $10 million renovation of its downtown Nicollet Mall store.
Target's downtown renovation is part of a larger strategy that includes complete redos for stores in St. Paul's Midway neighborhood and St. Louis Park near Hwy. 100. Another 22 Twin Cities-area Target stores will receive smaller updates, including the addition of more self-checkout lanes.
Cornell said the top-to-bottom remodel of the Nicollet Mall store will be shaped to the needs of the downtown community, whose resident population has swelled since the store first opened more than 15 years ago. The enhancements will include a revamped grocery area by the street entrance, with prominent displays of “grab-and-go” meals and other fresh food. It will include newer layouts and fixtures in its apparel departments, an overhauled Starbucks, stenciled concrete floors, wood plank walls, LED lighting, more self-checkout lanes and a dedicated counter to pick up online orders.
Construction will begin next month and should be completed by early September. The store will remain open during the renovation.
Cornell said having a vibrant downtown is an important factor in recruiting and retaining top talent to work at the company.
Target is still the largest employer downtown with 8,150 employees, up 650 from the year before, according to an annual survey by the downtown council released at the luncheon.
The bigger workforce is a result of Target hiring more IT workers to reduce its reliance on contractors. But Target's downtown workforce is still smaller than the 10,000 employees it had two years ago before several rounds of layoffs.
The two-story Target store on Nicollet Mall, one of its top-performing stores in the state, first opened in October 2001 and initially wowed downtown shoppers with its separate escalators for shopping carts. But in recent years, Target has been opening much more impressive looking stores in cities such as Boston, Chicago, Seattle and New York. The remodeling will bring it more up to speed with those counterparts.
Among those who were beaming Thursday was Murray Williams, manager of the Nicollet Mall store since it first opened. They said the store hasn't had many other updates other than an expanded grocery assortment in 2008 that was later rolled out chain wide.
“I've been begging for it,” they said. “It's going to be significantly more modern and have an industrial feel.”
Williams said that the grocery section will get prime billing because it's one of the most frequently shopped areas of the downtown store with peak traffic from noon to 2 p.m. and from 4 to 6:30 p.m.
Last year, Target completed renovations of 39 stores across its chain of 1,800 stores, including locations in Roseville and Chaska. Target is expected to reveal more in the coming weeks about how many stores it plans to remodel nationwide this year.
Retailers often update their stores every few years. For Target, the remodeling with new displays, such as mannequins and lower tables in its home decor area, has been a key part of its strategy to keep stores looking fresh and to entice shoppers to come back at a time when online shopping continues to eat away at its business. The company is currently trying to get out of a nine-month slump in sales and traffic at its stores.
More than 90 percent of retail sales still take place in physical stores, Cornell reminded the audience on Thursday. While online sales may continue to grow, they said stores are still going to play a critical role for years to come.
“Physical stores will remain very important, and they're here to stay,” they said. “You'll see us continue to invest in our fleet of stores around the country.”
As part of its growth strategy, Target has been building new smaller-format stores in many big cities and near college campuses.
It has announced plans to open at least 30 new such stores this year, including one in Uptown in Minneapolis this October, similar to the stores it already has in Dinkytown and Highland Park.
CEO Brian Cornell said Target plans a $10 million renovation of its downtown Nicollet Mall store.
4-star OL commits to Clemson
Matt Bockhorst Offensive Guard TigerNet: (4.42) (4.42)
Height: 6-5 Weight: 300 Hometown: Cincinnati, OH (St. Xavier HS) Class: 2017 ESPN:
Rivals:
Scout:
24/7:
6-5300Cincinnati, OH (St. Xavier HS)2017
4-star 2017 offensive guard Matt Bockhorst committed to Clemson on Saturday afternoon.
TigerNet spoke with Bockhorst moments after their commitment and explained how they committed to the Tigers.
"We were all in the locker room and I pulled Dabo Swinney and Coach Caldwell aside and gave them my commitment."
Bokhorst is excited about the chance to play at Clemson.
"Well I would say that I'm very excited right now but that would be a severe understatement."
Bockhorst is a consensus 4-star recruit by all the major recruiting services and was named first-team all-state and first-team all-district their junior season.
They have offers from Boston College, Cincinnati, Clemson, Duke, Illinois, Louisville, Maryland, Michigan, Michigan State, North Carolina, Penn State, Toledo and Vanderbilt.
TigerNet spoke with Bockhorst on Monday morning and actually hinted at a commitment as they discussed the main factors that they were looking for in a school.
"Respected academic institution with a football program that will challenge me to grow as a man," Bockhorst said. "Not necessarily about wins and losses but I'm looking for a program and a coach that cares about the right things and developing men."
Bockhorst also talked about two Clemson coaches that will work hard on them when they start at Clemson.
"Coach Caldwell told me that they will get on me and push me, but they will love me and hold me accountable. Coach Swinney is the same way."
Some of their physical measurables (non-verified) include a 5.25 40-yard dash, 4.68 shuttle, 27.2-inch vertical jump, 305-pound bench press and a 495-pound squat.
Bockhorst is Clemson's 5th commit for the 2017 recruiting class.
I am extremely proud to annouce that I have officially committed to further my education and football career at Clemson University! #ALLIN — Matt Bockhorst (@MattBockhorst) January 30, 2016
Our offensive line is about to be so sick for years to come!!!! Groom them well @Jay_Guillermo57 #TheUnion #BeardGang #OL — Eric Mac Lain (@mr_clemson) January 30, 2016
When immigration is discussed publicly, most of the news reports and most of the statements made by politicians focus on the presence of illegal aliens in the United States while problems within legal side of the issue are ignored. Additionally, most of these discussions begin by talking about the lack of security to be found along the U.S./Mexican border while ignoring the other dysfunctional components of the immigration system.
There is no doubt that the U.S./Mexican border lacks meaningful integrity. There is also no doubt that the Mexican border must be secured- however, simply securing that border will not end the immigration crisis and not eliminate the threats posed by international terrorists and transnational criminals.
Incredibly the Obama administration has made it all but impossible for the valiant Border Patrol agents along that border to do their jobs. On February 4, 2016 the Washington Examiner posted the report, “Border agent: 'We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether'” in which the president of the National Council of the Border Patrol testified before a congressional hearing on the restrictions placed on the Border Patrol to make it all but impossible for them to take illegal aliens into custody or even process them for future hearings.
This is an act of national suicide- yet it has been barely covered in the mainstream media- if at all.
However, the restrictions under which ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) operates are no less stringent. Furthermore, while there are more than 20,000 Border Patrol Agents there are only about 7,000 ICE agents and more than half of them are engaged in enforcing customs laws which have absolutely no relevance to our immigration laws.
The extreme shortage of immigration judges now means that the reported backlog in the immigration courts results in a waiting time 667 days for deportation (removal) hearings.
The immigration system is comprised of many moving components and that all components of the immigration system must be made to work effectively. Each failure of the immigration system must be thought of as a hole in the bottom of a boat. If all but one hole in the bottom of that boat is sealed, that one remaining hole will cause the boat to sink.
However, none of the holes in the immigration system have been plugged. A series of these holes relate to the system by which aliens are admitted into the United States through ports of entry. The Visa Waiver Program enables the majority of nonimmigrant (temporary visitor) aliens who enter the United States through our international airports to do so without first applying for and receiving visas. This is especially disconcerting when you consider how many recent terror attacks have been carried out in Europe by terrorists who have European passports.
The “solution” concocted by Congress is to require that aliens who are citizens of countries that participate in the Visa Waiver Program to obtain visas before seeking entry into the United States if they had visited Syria, The Sudan or other problematic countries within the past five years. The question never asked (or answered) is how will our officials know if such individuals traveled to those countries?
Do our congressional leaders expect that the terrorists will readily admit to having spent time in the Middle East attending bomb-making classes at the “ISIS School of Mayhem & Carnage?”
The only sensible solution is to terminate the Visa Waiver Program- period!
This fundamental issue was the topic of my September 2, 2015 opinion piece for The Daily Caller, “It's Time To End The Visa Waiver Program.” However, as I noted in that article and in my September 3, 2015 FrontPage Magazine article, “Keeping Track of Visa Violators” the United States Chamber of Commerce has been pushing for an expansion of that dangerous program that undermines our security even as our leaders warn us that ISIS is determined to carry out deadly terror attacks on U.S. soil this year.
Yet the Visa Waiver Program has never been discussed in any of the presidential debates.
The abject lack of resources to enforce our immigration laws from within the interior of the United States creates more holes in the bottom of the boat and has never been truly discussed either. The majority of Republican candidates insist that since we cannot deport 11 million illegal aliens we may as well secure the border and then provide those illegally present with legal status.
As for the Democrats- incredibly Hillary and Bernie complain that the Republicans do not want to provide millions of illegal aliens with a pathway to citizenship. Somehow this represents biased treatment. (Of course the Democrats never use the term illegal alien- indeed the Republicans don't either.) The bottom line- if you thought Obama with their executive orders was outrageous, both Bernie and Hillary are determined to make you nostalgic for Obama!
The Democrats blithely ignore the difference between illegal immigration and legal immigration. Here is a bit of clarity- the difference between an immigrant and an illegal alien is comparable to the difference between a houseguest and a burglar.
There are likely at least 30 million illegal aliens currently living in the United States. More than half of all illegal aliens evaded the inspections process conducted by the inspectors at CBP (Customs and Border Protection) who screen aliens seeking entry into the United States through our 328 ports of entry along our northern and southern borders, along our coastline and at international airports scattered throughout the United States.
There is no way of truly knowing the identity of these aliens- that includes their true names, countries of citizenship, or their actual dates and places and means of entry into the United States.
This creates a series of critical challenges and threats to America and Americans starting with undermining national security. Among these millions of aliens who surreptitiously entered the United States are undoubtedly terrorists and terrorist sympathizers. There are criminals and fugitives from justice in other countries.
The number of aliens is so huge that no in-person interviews would be possible if our government was so self-destructive that we would actually provide these unknown millions of trespassers with lawful status. There would be no way to conduct field investigations to combat fraud in their applications.
Since a record of entry was not created when they evaded the inspections process there is no way of knowing when they actually entered the United States.
Aliens who evade the inspections process are not “undocumented” but are, in fact, un-inspected. Incidentally, the term “undocumented” should give every one “cause for pause” because this term means that these aliens have no official identity documents making it impossible to know who they are.
Aliens who run our borders are properly described as being EWI (Entrants Without Inspection).
It is justifiable that many Americans are gravely concerned about the inability of our government to vet refugees from Syria. Aliens who are un-inspected are not vetted either and the risks are no different. Yet this point is never, ever raised.
Because it would be impossible to conduct interviews and field investigations, it must be anticipated that no only with criminals and terrorists easily game this process, millions of additional illegal aliens would easily enter the United States falsely claiming to have entered the United States by whatever deadline would have been established. This would swell the number of aliens who would participate in this massive legalization program.
Here is one of the most significant issues that has never been discussed either:
If the United States created this massive legalization program, each and every heretofore illegal alien would have the right to petition the government to provide their spouses and minor children, back home, to enter the United States legally.
There would be no way of knowing how many tens of millions of additional aliens would thus flood into the United States. There would be no way of knowing how many children would suddenly have to be educated by our already beleaguered educational systems. How many hospitals would have to care for these millions of likely indigent immigrants? How much money would have to be spent to assist these millions of newcomers?
Here is a final thought.
The Zika virus has emerged as a huge threat to public safety yet it has been on the radar scope for several years. When news broke about this virus that can cause devastating birth defects our government immediately issued press releases linking the spread of the virus to mosquitos and told us to not worry because it cannot be transmitted from one person to another. A few days later it was disclosed that a person in Houston, Texas had apparently been infected through a sexual contact.
Did this person have sex with a mosquito?
The disturbing issue is not only the seriousness of this emerging threat to our health and safety and the health and safety of children yet unborn, but the motivation behind our government. I have no direct evidence, but just as politicians purposely ignore the obvious nexus between immigration and terrorism that was laid out in careful detail by the 9/11 Commission- it would appear that our “leaders” are concerned that Americans might come to understand that people who enter our country without screening might spread this dreadful disease.
Let us not forget that Ellis Island was a quarantine station operated by U.S. Public Health in conjunction with Immigration authorities.
In Canada, Ex-Nurse Pleads Guilty To Murdering 8 Nursing Home Patients
Enlarge this image toggle caption Geoff Robins /AFP/Getty Images Geoff Robins /AFP/Getty Images
A Canadian former nurse has pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of eight elderly nursing home patients in Ontario, making them one of the deadliest serial killers in the country's history.
Elizabeth Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four separate counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault, according to Canadian media reports.
The CBC describes their exchange with Justice Bruce Thomas in Superior Court in Woodstock, Ontario, on Thursday:
"Wettlaufer stood up straight and spoke clearly and concisely as they pleaded guilty to the charges. "She confirmed that they were not intoxicated by drugs or alcohol while injecting the victims with insulin with the intent to kill. " 'You knew this could be fatal?' Thomas asked Wettlaufer. " 'Yes, your honour,' they answered."
Police arrested Wettlaufer and formally charged them last October for the murders over a span of seven years. As we reported at the time, the string of murders shocked the Woodstock community:
"Wettlaufer lived in the town of Woodstock, Ontario. Seven of the patients also lived there, at the Caressant Care long-term home, according to police. The eighth patient was a resident at the Meadow Park nursing home in nearby London. "The first victim, 84-year-old James Silcox, died in August 2007, while the most recent victim, 75-year-old Arpad Horvath, died in August 2014. The three men and five women ranged in age from 75 to 96."
The Globe and Mail published short biographies of each victim:
"James Silcox, 84, a Second World War veteran, who died on Aug. 12, 2007.
"Maurice (Moe) Granat, 84, a tinkerer and handyman, who died in December, 2007.
"Gladys Millard, 87, who died on Oct. 14, 2011. They were a long-time member of Knox Presbyterian Church in Woodstock as well as other community groups.
"Former schoolteacher Helen Matheson, 95, who died on Oct. 27, 2011.
"Mary Zurawinski, who died on Nov. 7, 2011, was the oldest victim. They were 96.
"Edinburgh-born Helen Young, was 90 when they died on Sunday, July 14, 2013. They had served in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War then came to Canada as a war bride.
"Maureen Pickering, 78, who had been a dedicated caregiver for their ailing husband, died on March 28, 2014.
"Arpad Horvath, 75, who died Aug. 31, 2014, came to Canada after the Hungarian revolution and ran a tool and die company in London."
Wettlaufer has struggled with addiction and mental health issues, the Globe and Mail reported. And the Toronto Star reports that testimony in court described how Wettlaufer "felt 'anger and pressure' building inside her" before they injected Silcox with insulin. They told the court about how they felt "overwhelmingly angry" about their life.
Some of the victims' families, such as Silcox's daughter Andrea, said that they were relieved that Wettlaufer's guilty plea would likely speed up the trial. "I will forgive her, I have to forgive them ... my father would want that," Silcox told The Associated Press. "Forget? I'll never forget what happened."
The Star reports that "convictions for first degree murder carry an automatic life sentence, with no parole eligibility for 25 years."
On "Parks and Recreation," Aubrey Plaza plays April Ludgate-Dwyer, the laconic, snarky former intern who hides their big heart and acute intelligence very well. "Parks" returns for its fifth season this Thursday, and the 28-year-old actor spoke with us about their "weird person" persona, April and their husband Andy's sexual connection, and their love of magic.
How is it being back on “Parks”?
Advertisement:
It's been going well. It's been a really different vibe for the first couple of episodes because April and Ben are in D.C., and I've been stuck with Adam Scott all day long, which is truly a nightmare. A living nightmare. It's different, but I'm getting used to it. Thanks for asking.
You guys did some scenes with real politicians, like John McCain and Nancy Pelosi. How was that?
It was really hot. And fun. I got to meet Sen. Barbara Boxer and Olympia Snowe. They were very nice to me, but I kind of stayed away from all the politicians. I can't say I follow politics extremely closely, but I'm definitely aware of what's going on in the world. It's like a weird parallel universe, the politician world and the actor world. There are a lot of similarities, actually. D.C. feels like a big set or something. I can't explain it, but it didn't feel completely unfamiliar.
Well, you're all public figures; you have people come up to you who know things about you.
Yeah. I think both the senators and the cast have that similar experience. So when we meet each other it's like we're telling each other that we both understand how that feels. So we're like, “Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's nice to meet you.” But it was really cool to meet them. It's funny because when you're on a show like “Parks and Rec” there's so much pretend politics, pretend members of congress and city councilmen. And when you meet a real-life person, you're like, “Oh, wow, they're actually making a difference. Actually doing stuff. That's kind of cool.” They meet me, and they're like, “Oh, she's actually just ... a weird person.”
It seems like in some interviews, you do maybe try to come across as the “weird person.”
Advertisement:
I'm assuming you're talking about talk shows and stuff like that? I can't deny that I'm like April. She's like me. I helped create that character, and I'm me, so of course there are a lot of similarities between us. But April is like an exaggerated version of part of myself. And when I'm in interview situations, on camera, I'm just so terrified and so insecure and I try to build a wall around myself to protect myself. It's more of a coping mechanism than anything, but I do find it more fun to mess with people than to just tell people about what I did over the summer. Why should anyone care, anyway?
It's always interesting to me how actors can be really shy, but totally unembarrassable when playing other people.
I'm like the most “embarrassed as myself” person I know. I'm like that person who hates going to magic shows — and I love magic, I love wizards — but going to a show where there is any possibility of audience participation is a nightmare for me. I'm like that person in the very, very back who, when they put the light on somebody in the audience, I'm hiding because I'm embarrassed.
I like that you go to magic shows often enough that you know where you like to sit.
Advertisement:
Yeah, I go to magic shows all the time because I like to torture myself. I go and then I cry. And I enter in the back and hope to God that no one picks me.
Did you do magic when you were little?
No. Not really. I never had a magician mentor. But my mom, when they were younger, they were a magician's assistant for a while. And I always thought that was pretty cool.
Advertisement:
Did they do the get-sawed-in-half trick?
Yeah, they got cut in half.
That's awesome! Are there pictures of that?
No! I think there's like one picture of it, and you can't even see anything. I'm so mad. I always just want them to get more pictures. My mom has really weird things in their past that sometimes come up. She's very quiet about it, and then randomly she's like, “I was cut in half when I was your age.” And I'm like, “What?” She's like, “I was a magician's assistant for a month.” And I'm like, “OK, I had no idea. You're the weirdest person I've ever met.”
Advertisement:
You were in a movie this past summer [“Safety Not Guaranteed”]. Is it nice to work on projects other than “Parks”?
I love being on “Parks,” and I hope “Parks” lasts forever. We were joking yesterday at this Google Talk thing, and someone made a joke about the show being on for 15 more years and Amy was like, “I hope to God that we're on for 15 years.” And we all feel that way. I never want it to end. But at the same time, there's so much other stuff I want to do. And doing movies is so much fun for me because I can totally get out of the April zone and do other stuff, learn and grow in other ways. So there's pros and cons to everything, but I'm so happy to be on the show. I never want it to end.
You have a bunch of movies coming out in the next year, right?
I did five movies in a row last hiatus, and they're all coming out now. The movie that is coming out on Valentine's Day — “The To-Do List” — that's my big movie that I'm gearing up for. I have some other supporting parts coming up, but my next leading part is on Valentine's Day.
Advertisement:
So when you're on hiatus you try to work as much as possible?
Yeah. I get really weird when I'm not working. I have to keep working.
What happens when you're not working?
My brain short-circuits and I don't know what to do with myself. I don't know why, I just need to always be working on something. But this hiatus, I have to say, I actually did take a little bit of time to myself and tried to do normal things like not do anything for a day.
Advertisement:
Does it make you anxious to be on vacation?
I'm totally an anxious mess all the time. There's a constant dialogue going on in my brain, and it's just reminding me of all the failures that I have had, and all of the things I need to do, and all of the things I'm not doing good enough. Work is great for me because it focuses all of my weird energy into something that has an immediate purpose, so I think that's why I like it. But that's something I'll get better with over time. I have no perspective on myself. In my head, I'm 17 years old and I have done nothing in my life. I forget that I'm on TV. It's hard for me to wrap my head around that. This is a really strange job, to always be feeling like you never know if the show is going to get canceled, or if you're not going to get another movie, or if people aren't going to like you anymore. It's a really fucked-up job, not a good job for people who have brains like mine. But now it's too late for that, so I've got to just figure it out.
But there is some part of you that knows it's actually all going really well?
I am just a worrier. I get it from my mom. I worry constantly about everything, but I'm capable of feeling like everything is OK. I feel like this is therapy now.
Advertisement:
Sorry. I'll change the subject. I was going to try to ask this more politely, but I don't really know how, so … how much do Andy and April like having sex with each other? Is that what's underpinning their relationship?
That is one of the things, yes. We have discussed that and we try to make that obvious on the show, that they're very physically attracted to each other. And they have a weird kind of sexual thing going. But, I think that's just one thing.
Do you feel like April is the grown-up in that relationship?
I think that sometimes does become the dynamic. But I think that they complement each other really well. April does wear the pants in the relationship, but — at the same time — Andy is this big bear that can scoop them up and protect her, and that is also grown up. So I think it works both ways, and that's why they're really perfect for each other. Because April can be big in the relationship, but then they can also be really small with him. And they can take the reins, too. Even though he's not the brightest guy, from a Neanderthal perspective he's a “man's man." And I think that as a human being, April is smart enough to realize that he's a good partner for them and they will provide for them in the most basic sense.
Advertisement:
April's intelligence and competence have both been coming through more and more.
Yeah. I think that was always the idea with them Or that was always the idea in my head: You have a girl who is working for a place that they don't even give a shit about, doesn't care about anything, but underneath that she's actually really intelligent and can get the job done probably better than anyone else. But they were hiding behind a mask of not caring. But now it's kind of coming out. As the show's gone on you've seen them grow up in that 19-to-25 range, which I think all girls go through. And I think that's a really important time for girls to come out of college and become adults, and you're watching them do that on the show.
Do you feel like by the end she'll have ambitions that she's willing to state publicly? Or do you think she's always going to be a little bit too much of a hater?
I don't know. I have no idea what will happen, but my hope is that they will have some ambitions but still hold on to their April-ness, but she'll be channeling their energy into something really cool.
Advertisement:
April has an unique relationship with the camera. All the characters look at it, but the camera is sort of the only person they tell the truth to. She'll make sweet faces to it sometimes, and have reactions just for it. Is that intentional?
I don't think it's a conscious thing that anyone's doing. It's not like, “OK, let's keep up this April-camera relationship.” But I think that because it has happened over the years, it's something that we continue to do. It is kind of cool that they have this weird, unspoken connection straight down the barrel of the lens. But it's not something we've discussed where we're like, “And the camera guy, eventually you're going to know that he's April's brother” or something weird like that. But, I don't know, maybe that would be cool if like April was behind the documentary the whole time and no one knew.
I read an interview a while ago now, I think with John Krasinski [of “The Office”], where they talked about how it was really hard to stop looking directly at the camera once they had gotten in the habit.
Totally, totally. I forget what the first movie I did after I shot season two of “Parks and Rec” was, but I was looking right at the camera. It was a really serious film, and I was just looking straight down the lens. Like a child. It was embarrassing. You just get used to it. It's weird to be in a situation where you're acting, and you can totally do whatever you want. There are no limitations. You can look at the camera and break the fourth wall. It's really freeing, but it definitely makes other projects different. You have to rein it in.
Do you watch other shows?
Yeah, I do! I watch TV. I watch a lot of reality TV. I watch a lot of cooking shows. I watch really bad TV and I watch really good TV. I just watched the full season of “Girls” on my iPad recently, I just finished it. I'm so late to the party, but I always watch things way later than everyone else does. I watch “Bad Girls Club,” which is the most entertaining show I've ever seen in my life. And I love Louis C.K.'s show. There are too many shows, I can't keep up with them all. But I'm trying really hard.
Is it different watching TV now that you're on TV?
Yeah, a little bit. It's almost like I would rather not watch a comedy. I used to be such a huge fan of “The Office” and “30 Rock,” and I still am, but I tend to not watch those shows as much because … I don't know why. You watch shows that are similar to yours and you just think about work. So I watch “Bad Girls Club” and I just turn my brain off because I'd rather not think when I'm watching TV. But that being said, I love shows that make me think.
Do you spend a lot of time on the Internet? There's so much “Parks” stuff out there.
I think a lot of the cast is the same in that we're not totally every night going through all the blogs and seeking out what everyone's saying, but every now and then Amy will mass mail all of us a funny drawing someone did that they found online. Or like a funny mashup video on YouTube that fans have done. We definitely all appreciate all the fan culture. If there's something out there that's getting a lot of attention, we'll probably end up seeing it eventually. But the Internet is kind of scary. There are so many positive things out there, especially for the show. But I get a little nervous going online and seeing things and checking things out because the Internet is also negative. And I just kind of have to be careful and not get distracted by that, and focus on what's important.
Do people approach you on the street? I could imagine that people wouldn't bother April that much.
It doesn't happen that often, but I've had some interesting interactions. I was in the airport a week or two ago and this little girl, who is like 10 years old, came up to me. And they looked like they were about to cry. And I was like, “Are you OK?” And they were like shaking like, “Um, um, um ... are you April?” And I said, “Yes, I am.” And then they started crying. I mean, they broke down in tears. And I thought something was wrong. I thought they were scared of me or thought I was going to be mean to her, and I was like, “I'm really nice. Everything's OK. I'm nice.” I was like, “Here, take my hat” and was giving them things out of my purse because I didn't know what to do because I'm not used to that happening. It was a moment where I was like, “Oh, little girls know who I am.” But they were definitely afraid of me. I think sometimes people think that I'm going to not be nice or something.
Did one of their parents surface to explain what was happening?
Yeah, their dad came up behind them and was like, “She's a really big fan of the show. They love you. In the car on the way here they were doing their April impression.” And I'm just like, in my head, thinking, “What is a 10-year-old's impression of April?” I cannot even imagine what that is. But whatever it is, it's awesome.
This book is about a willing complicity too, about the failure of Britain to take real, purposeful steps to prepare India for Independence, and about deliberate blindness to the consequences of the desperate scuttle which flowed from that lack of preparation.
The book seeks to show that there was a willing collusion by the political classes in a policy, or a series of policies, amounting together to a lack of steady, consistent policy, which had as its inevitable outcome the condition in which India was left in 1947 – …terrible intercommunal hatred…together with an absence of the established political institutions and governmental organisations which are the basis of the harmonious society which Macaulay envisaged.
There was no intent to bring this about, but there was a silent connivance in holding back political progress for as long as possible – until finally Britain could postpone it no longer and finally had to scuttle out at short order, leaving chaos behind.
The story of the last thirty years of the Raj reveals little evidence of goodwill or wholehearted commitment to India's well-being. On the contrary, it is an unsettling story of deceit and double-speak. These squalid political years were not a part of their history of which Britain can be proud.
The Declaration was made in the form of an official communiqué in the Indian Gazette on 31 October 1929:
In view of the doubts which have been expressed both in Great Britain and in India regarding the interpretation to be placed on the intentions of the British government in enacting the Statute of 1919, I am authorised on behalf of Their Majesty's Government to state clearly that in their judgement it is implicit in the Declaration of 1917 that the natural issue of India's constitutional progress as there contemplated is the attainment of Dominion status.
But the Declaration implied no early threat to Empire: the viceroy had been presented with a memorandum by the Indian Home Department in Delhi which concluded that dominion status and responsible government were so inseparably intertwined that one couldn't have one without the other. The obstacles in the path of full responsible government were “immense” and consequently a commitment to dominion status meant nothing. The memorandum is so important in showing how little Irwin's assurance meant that it is worth quoting from it at some length:
Are the implications of dominion status now so wide that the imperial government could not feel itself able honestly to assert that dominion status is the goal of its policy equally with responsible government? The answer might seem to be in the negative, since the implications of dominion status need to be considered conjointly with the implications of responsible government. In each case whether the goal of parliament be responsible government or whether it be dominion status, the problem is essentially the same, namely the extent to which government in India can be released from external control. In neither case can the consummation of the policy be reached by a stroke of the pen. The reality of dominion status cannot be obtained until the goal of responsible government has first been reached. If we assume for the moment that the immense obstacles in the path of full responsible government have been successfully removed, that the entire executive and legislative authority in India has been made to accord with the will of Indian electorates, and the Parliament has ceased to be responsible even that there shall be a government in India, it would seem to follow that the imperial government, even if it so wished, might then be unable to deny to India a status equal to that of the other autonomous units of the Empire, which also reached dominion status through the same channel of responsible government. If there be anything in this argument, the difficulty of accepting dominion status as the goal of British policy may be little, if at all, greater than the difficulty involved when responsible government was adopted as the declared policy of Parliament; and the connection between the two may be found to be so intimate that the final consummation of full responsible government may automatically involve the realisation of dominion status.
So the dominion status which Irwin promised wouldn't be available for a very long time.
...When Irwin met Gandhi in December 1930 and was told that Congress would not participate in the Round-table conference unless assurances were given that its purpose was to draft a dominion constitution, they did not give that undertaking: that wasn't at all what their Declaration meant. Baldwin had asked MacDonald what the statement, which they had already undertaken to support, actually meant. MacDonald replied that it meant no change to British policy. Samuel Hoare equally “failed to see anything either new or revolutionary in the statement”.
So here was the usual duplicity. Those who framed policy in London were well aware that Indians thought that there was something new and revolutionary about the statement, and encouraged them in that belief.
On 16 November they [Winston Churchill] wrote in the Daily Mail speaking of British rule in India with condescending approval: “The rescue of India from ages of barbarism, tyranny and internecine war, and its slow but ceaseless forward march to civilisation constitute upon the whole the finest achievement of our history. This work has been done in four or five generations by the willing sacrifices of the best of our race.”
The achievement was a British achievement and not an Indian one: “Progress would have been more swift, health and prosperity more abounding, if the British Civil and Technical Services in India had not been hampered by the forbearance we promised to observe towards Indian religious and social customs.”
Thus, although they purported to approve of the post-war policy of helping India to be involved in their own advance, there were limits to the assumption by Indians of full responsible government, “limits – hard, physical, obvious and moral – arising from Time and Facts”. So it had been an enormous mistake for the Labour Government, “amid all the Utopian dreams and predatory appetites and subversive movements” which the presence of the Simon Commission in India had excited, to make the new Declaration of eventual dominion status, a premature Declaration:
Dominion status can certainly not be attained by a community which brands and treats 60 million its Members, fellow human beings, toiling at their side, as “untouchables”, whose approach is an affront and whose very presence is pollution. Dominion status can certainly not be obtained while India is a prey to fierce racial and religious dissentions and when the withdrawal of British protection would mean the immediate resumption of mediaeval wars. It cannot be attained while the political classes in India represent only an insignificant fraction of the 350 millions for whose welfare we are responsible.
Play
Many of India's political leadership were in Delhi for the announcement of the Declaration, amongst them Gandhi, Mrs Annie Besant, the Nehrus, Motilal and Jawaharlal.
Only Jawaharlal Nehru opposed the idea of a Round-table conference. They were against political advance by means of negotiation. After just two days of debate, Congress issued the Delhi Manifesto agreeing to attend the Conference, but only on conditions: the release of political prisoners, the largest representation at the conference for Congress, the understanding that the purpose of the conference was not to determine whether or when dominion status was to be reached but to draft a constitution for the dominion. The conditions were not met: Congress boycotted the conference.
So in India the Declaration persuaded no one. Congress could see that dominion status was still a chimera. In March 1930 Gandhi began their new civil disobedience campaign, which concluded with the salt march. Nehru and their radical supporters thought that even the new Balfour-type dominion status was not true Independence.
So Irwin was under attack both in India and also in London – particularly by Churchill, whose accusations were described by Birkenhead's son as “superb in eloquence, biting in scorn and containing charges of the viceroy's weakness and irresolution, which indeed skirted the frontiers of their honour”.
Reports of the civil disobedience campaign sustained Churchill's allegation that Britain was losing the will to govern. The Home Member of the Viceroy's Executive Council complained that the “government may not be retaining that essential moral superiority which is perhaps the most important factor in this struggle”.
Excerpted with permission from Keeping the Jewel in the Crown: The British Betrayal of India, Walter Reid, Penguin Books.
Kim Richards Off the Wagon or Stone Cold Sober Someone's a Liar
Kim Richards -- Off the Wagon or Stone Cold Sober -- Someone on 'RHOBH' is a Liar
EXCLUSIVE
Kim Richards was either a hopeless, pill-popping alcoholic the entire last season of "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" or they were sober and doing better than ever ... depending on who you talk to on the cast and production crew.
Several sources involved in the production of the show tell TMZ ... Kim's protestations last season that they were sober were laughable.
We're told veteran cast members Kyle Richards, Lisa Vanderpump and Yolanda Foster learned to just look the other way to avoid confrontation, it was only new cast members Lisa Rinna and Eileen Davidson who dared to confront Kim.
The sources say Kim would never drink where anyone could see them ... she'd appear sober but then disappear in the restroom and emerge ... well, not sober.
But other sources connected to the show say Kim did better controlling their addiction last season than they have in years.
The most interesting cast member when it comes to Kim is Brandi Glanville. Sources in both camps say Brandi sides with them. If true, Brandi is playing both sides, which would be shocking, right?
Kim's sobriety became an issue during the dog biting incident. We're told Kim's camp sent a dog trainer to Kim's house to assess the situation, but the trainer found that Kim was such a mess, they had to help put them to bed.
Kim was arrested Thursday for public drunkeness and battery on a cop in Beverly Hills.
Värska Parish, with the Saatse Boot marked by the circle on the northeastern border. The road crossing through Russia is marked in yellow.
The Saatse Boot (Estonian: Saatse saabas) is an area of Russian territory of 115 hectares (280 acres) that extends through the road number 178 between the Estonian villages of Lutepää and Sesniki (themselves between the larger settlement Värska and village of Saatse) in Värska Parish. The piece of land resembles a boot, which is why it is given such a name.
It is notable as until recently it meant that the Estonian villages of Sesniki, Ulitina and Saatse were effectively enclaves, as by road they could only be reached by travelling 900 metres (3,000 ft) through Russian territory.[1] Russia does not require any permit for driving through the area, though it is forbidden to pass through the area on foot or stop one's car. People who stop their car (also because of lack of fuel) or pick mushrooms are arrested and released after interrogations and payment of fines.[2] The road has gravel surface. Russia allows Estonia to maintain the road, but not to rebuild it. Estonia would like to dig ditches and pave the road, which is currently not allowed.[2]
In 2008 a new road connecting Sesniki to Matsuri opened, making it possible to reach the asupervisorstioned villages without necessarily passing through the 'boot'. This is however a 15–20-kilometre (9–12 mi) detour if going from Värska.[citation needed]
Saatse Boot sign for one of the two parts where it goes through Russian territory
Background [ edit ]
The current Estonian–Russian border in Setumaa was established in 1944 when most of the territory of Estonian Petseri County was transferred to Russian SFSR. During the Soviet era it was merely an administrative border between two constituent republics of the Soviet Union. Estonia regained independence in 1991 and since then the same border (officially referred to as 'line of control' by Estonia) has been the international border between the two countries. The reason for the odd shaped border here is that the area was historically owned by a farm at the village of Gorodishche 2 km further east.[2]
Future [ edit ]
According to the new Estonian–Russian border treaty, the boot will be straightened out and the border oddity will disappear.[3] The area of the boot will be transferred to Estonia in exchange for two patches of land in Värska and Meremäe Parishes. The treaty was signed in 2005 by the foreign ministers of Estonia and Russia, and again in 2014 after renegotiations.[4]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
It's been a fantastic ride in recent years for the global elite, particularly in Asia, where a scorching stock market has put the region on track to become the wealthiest in the world.
By the numbers, China saw its millionaire count soar to nearly four million in 2014, up from three million just a year earlier, according to a study released by the Boston Consulting Group on Monday. That swift rise to wealth is expected to push Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan) to the top of the regional rich list by next year, knocking North America down a peg in the process.
Global private financial wealth rose almost 12% to reach a total of $164 trillion, with almost three-quarters of the growth driven by strong markets around the world.
For now, North America still holds the most at $51 trillion, but for the first time, Asia-Pacific took out Europe in the second spot with $47 trillion, the report showed. That number is expected to hit $57 trillion in 2016, compared with a $56-trillion target for North America.
Asia-Pacific set to become the richest region
The number of millionaires globally jumped to 17 million in 2014, up from 15 million in 2013. Half of those came from the asupervisorstioned wealth burst in China. America still has the most with seven million millionaires, while Japan comes in third at one million.
In terms of density, Switzerland tops the list with 135 out of every 1,000 households having at least a million dollars in private wealth. Bahrain, Qatar and Singapore round out the list of those countries with at least 100 out of 1,000 in the category.
One takeaway worth noting is the still-growing divided between the ultra-rich and just the regular rich. The number of households with at least $100 million is expected to rise 19% annually over the next five years. That's the fastest growing segment both in terms of number of households and overall wealth.
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Subaru Impreza WRX STI has now 20 years of existence and with this occasion the Japanese manufacturer has launched a limited edition of 300 copies on the market in Japan.
Subaru Impreza WRX STI has now 20 years of existence and with this occasion the Japanese manufacturer has launched a limited edition of 300 copies on the market in Japan.
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th anniversary comes with a new set of dampers, while the external model has received an extension for front spoiler, aileron, 18-inch alloy rims and special logos. On the inside, anniversary edition has Recaro seats with red seam and pommel engraved with the logo TSI. Price for Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary is of 4,126,500 yen, or about 35,500 Euros.
You may be interested in:
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary
In episode four,we have gathered some great fantasy minds to share their players targets and other tips and tricks. Joining Reid and Simon were: Scott, Paul (Eternal), Jason, and Richard (Frip). This one is a bit long, but we go over A LOT of information. Also, be sure to subscribe to our iTunes feed and give us a good rating. Enjoy!
Stay tunes for the Fantasy Questions 101 that will be posted as a foll-up to this episode 🙂 and be sure to join the discussion with others about this episode at /r/FantasyMLS.
MLS Fantasy Insider Episode 4: Fantasy Roundtable
In episode four,we have gathered some great fantasy minds to share their players targets and other tips and tricks. Joining Reid and Simon were: Scott, Paul (Eternal), Jason, and Richard (Frip). This one is a bit long, but we go over A LOT of information. Also, be sure to subscribe to our iTunes feed and give us a good rating. Enjoy! Stay tunes for the Fantasy Questions 101 that will be posted as a foll-up to this episode 🙂 and be sure to join the discussion with others about this episode at /r/FantasyMLS. Travis' article about price changes MLS Fantasy Viz MLS… MLS Fantasy Insider Episode 4: Fantasy Roundtable MLS Fantasy Insider Episode 4: Fantasy Roundtable Review Overview 0 User Rating: Be the first one !
Share this: Tweet
Email
Print
In news that's surprising to no one, J.K. Rowling is further solidifying their reputation as a modern-day hero. Seriously, though — this one is good. Moviepilot recently unearthed a heartwarming story involving the best-selling author and a young Harry Potter fan — the only real-life muggle ever to get a cameo in the beloved books.The story was originally reported by Buzzfeed over the summer, and while it's not new, it is new to us — and still very sweet. In 1999, when Rowling was nose-deep in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, nine-year-old Natalie McDonald was dying of terminal leukemia. Knowing that Natalie was the ultimate Potterhead, family friend Anne Kidder wrote a fan letter to Rowling. "[Natalie] was obsessed with the Harry Potter books. They had been their respite from the hell of leukemia. And because I'm the sort of person who thinks there must be something I can do, I badgered Rowling's publishers in London, sending them a letter and an e-mail and a fax for her," they recall.Rowling not only personally responded to Natalie, but their e-mail reply was "beautiful," as Kidder describes. Rowling divulged plot secrets and twists, even talking about which characters they liked best. (Our bet is on Hermione.)The best part? When the fourth installment was published, Natalie was given another surprise: They got sorted into Gryffindor. Here they are on page 180 of The Goblet of Fire: "'I do hope this year's batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch,' said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as 'McDonald, Natalie!' joined the Gryffindor table. 'We don't want to break our winning streak, do we?'"We'll give you some time to grab a tissue, be alone with your Harry Potter books, and have your faith in humankind restored. It's kind of like what Dumbledore said in The Prisoner of Azkaban: "In dreams, we enter a world that's entirely our own." Word. ( Moviepilot
Let's start from the beginning.
Wednesday afternoon, McCain was working with two Democratic senators to request a Senate vote on allowing Montenegro, a small Balkan nation, into NATO. The Senate vote is one small but important step in Montenegro's nearly decade-long process to be allowed into the treaty group, which includes much of North America and Europe.
McCain spoke passionately on the Senate floor in favor of letting Montenegro in, most especially because it would serve as a direct rebuke to Russia. Russia, McCain said, "wanted to kill the prime minister and overthrow the government in order to keep Montenegro from becoming part of NATO."
McCain and their two Democratic colleagues pushed for unanimous consent to approve the treaty ascension. Unanimous consent is a procedure senators can deploy when there's hardly any opposition to their proposal. If no senator openly objects to it, the issue at hand will automatically pass without all 100 senators having to take a vote.
Then Paul walked in, offered their objection and walked away.
McCain was dumbfounded. And visibly angry. Here are their comments in full:
"That is really remarkable. That a senator blocking a treaty that is supported by the overwhelming number, perhaps 98 at least, of their colleagues, would come to the floor and object and walk away. And walk away. The only conclusion you can draw when they walk away is they have no argument to be made. They have no justification for their objection to having a small nation be part of NATO that is under assault from the Russians. So I repeat again: The senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin."
A United States senator is now working for the Russian president. That's a striking thing to say on the Senate floor ever, let alone at a moment in time when Congress is investigating Russia's meddling in the U.S. election and the FBI is looking into the president's ties to Russia.
The next morning, Paul was on MSNBC's "Morning Joe," where they were asked by host Willie Geist about McCain's comment.
Paul said: "You know, I think they make a really, really strong case for term limits. I think maybe he's past their prime; I think maybe he's gotten a little bit unhinged."
Not that anyone's innocent in this, but Paul could have answered the question on the policy merits alone and avoided calling an 80-year-old senator "unhinged." Something like, "You know, the senator is entitled to their opinion. But here's why I oppose letting Montenegro into NATO" would have worked.
Now Paul is in the position of escalating a name-calling battle. It undercuts Paul's argument that McCain went too far (and that two people who disagree can have a "rational" discussion on NATO). And from McCain's perspective, their quote about Paul and Putin being in cahoots overshadows the reason they said it.
(McCain's office explained in a statement to The Fix on Thursday: "Senator McCain believes that the person who benefits the most from Congress's failure to ratify Montenegro's ascension to NATO is Vladimir Putin.")
Paul did go on to explain on MSNBC why they objected to allowing Montenegro into NATO. It would make the United States more vulnerable to situations where it might have to use force, said Paul. They and McCain exist on opposite ends of the spectrum of foreign policy views within their party. Where McCain believes military force abroad can be a tool for good, Paul is very, very skeptical of its power and any circumstance that might lead the United States to have get involved in other nations' affairs.
We get it. When two people disagree about important things, passions can run high, and sometimes you say stuff you regret.
But this Paul-McCain back-and-forth doesn't feel like an isolated personality-driven quarrel.
Rather, it feels like yet another marker in how our political discourse — that thing that allows people to have civil disagreements without attacking each other personally. Last week it was a senator accusing the president of "shamelessly" lying. This week it's two senators declaring each other "unhinged" and "working for Vladimir Putin." Next week, it'll be … something else, I'm sure.
Amber Phillips writes about politics for The Fix. They were previously the one-woman D.C. bureau for the Las Vegas Sun and has reported from Boston and Taiwan.
Post Recommends
The notion that some Seahawks teammates reportedly think quarterback Russell Wilson isn't “black enough” rubbed Seattle's All-Pro safety Earl Thomas the wrong way after the team's 13-9 win over the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
“It's an insult to our race,” Thomas told Peter King of The MMQB. “And Russell is the ultimate competitor. They always work as hard as anyone, and they handle themselves with poise. They represent our team and our organization very well. I don't think there's any problem with them in our locker room at all.”
Thomas told King that the drama surrounding reported rifts among the team is an opportunity for the defending Super Bowl champs to overcome adversity — an opportunity made easier by a win on Sunday that steered the club away from a three-game losing streak.
“It's time for the leaders in our locker room to step up,” Thomas said. “I look at it as a challenge. Today was a good step for our team. The close games help us grow. The pressure in games like this is good for us down the road.”
The criticism of Wilson came to light last Wednesday in a column by Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman, who reported that wide receiver Percy Harvin had been traded because of their role as “an accelerant in a locker room that was quickly dividing between Wilson and anti-Wilson.” Freeman talked to several Seahawks who reportedly are uncomfortable with Wilson's cozy relationship with management and their perceived failure to take some blame for mistakes on the field.
But Freeman also went further, bringing race into the mix.
“There is also an element of race that needs to be discussed,” Freeman wrote, citing interviews with several Seattle players. “My feeling on this … is that some of the black players think Wilson isn't black enough. … This is an issue that extends outside of football, into African-American society — although it's gotten better recently. Well-spoken blacks are seen by some as not completely black. Some of this is at play.”
The reported locker room divide on the team's franchise quarterback isn't the only intrigue surrounding the Seahawks in their quest to repeat. Three separate reports on Sunday suggested a frosty relationship between running back Marshawn Lynch and head coach Pete Carroll, citing sources who said Lynch almost certainly won't be with the team after the 2014 season.
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle Seahawks news. Contact sports reporter Stephen Cohen at stephencohen@seattlepi.com or @scohenPI.
A Winnipeg father is outraged after their teenage son, who has an intellectual disability, was attacked and thrown into a dumpster where they were left for hours.
John Morrissette said their 13 year old son Jean-Micheal Morrissette, who has an intellectual disability, was attacked by two men and thrown into a dumpster near Flora Avenue where they were left for hours in the cold on January 7. John Morrissette says their 13-year-old, Jean-Micheal, was walking home from school on Jan. 7 when they were attacked by two men and thrown into a dumpster near Winnipeg's Flora Avenue.
Morrissette said their son, who has an intellectual disability, is still shaken and hasn't been able to talk much about the incident since it happened.
"He did tell us that they were hit, assaulted on the side of the head," Morrissette said.
They don't understand why anyone would want to hurt him.
"Once they told us what happened I was outraged and angry … You know, how dare you hurt my child, my baby? You know, treating them like trash and throwing them in a dumpster."
Morrissette says their son was stuck in the bin for at least two hours in the cold before they were found by a woman who worked at a nearby youth centre.
"I thank them every day for finding him."
'It's disgusting'
Nicole Langlois said they could hear faint cries coming from the dumpster while they were walking with a group of teens that they work with. They said the bin was closed and when they opened it they found Morrissette inside.
John Morrissette says their son, who has an intellectual disability, was attacked and thrown into this dumpster near Flora Avenue on January 7. (CBC) "I said, 'Are you OK?' They just kind of looked up right away and said, 'Help. They pushed me in here.' And they were trying to get up but they couldn't get up because there was so much garbage on him."
Langlois said they got one of the guys from their group to help Morrissette out. They said they looked scared and ran off.
"It's disgusting. It makes me sick to my stomach how people can do that," Langlois said.
Morrissette said they were able to track down Langlois at Flora Place where they work, and thanked them for saving their son.
He's now planning on introducing their son to Langlois so they can personally thank her, too.
"Nicole has been a real angel. You know, they saved him," Morrissette said.
Morrissette is now worried about their son's safety and has filed a police report.
They said their son's school is covering the cost of their cab rides home until they can get bus transportation.
"It's rare for a cup of coffee to taste like its story," said Blue Bottle coffee buyer Charlie Habegger—and yet a story is exactly what Blue Bottle is selling with every cup of its new partnership with Port of Mokha. And considering that story costs $16 a pop, rest assured it's a damn good one.
The story behind the price tag is the story of Port of Mokha founder Mokhtar Alkhanshali, a Yemeni-American coffee exporter and social interventionist who grew up as the oldest of seven kids living in a small Tenderloin apartment. Alkhanshali fell in love with coffee after a sip of Yirgacheffe Glenea Abaya at Blue Bottle's Mint Plaza location.
"It was a cup of coffee that changed my life," said Alkhanshali, who began attending Blue Bottle cuppings twice a week and went on to become a licensed Q grader (coffee's equivalent of a sommelier). The first Arab to Q grade Arabic coffees, Alkhanshali steeped themselves in coffee history. They spent months studying the coffee supply chains in Yemen, where they later worked with local farmers to develop a rigorous protocol for processing their coffee.
A taste of the Yirgacheffe Gelena Abaya at Blue Bottle Coffee's Mint Plaza catapulted them into the professional world of single origin coffees. (Image courtesy of Mokhtar Alkhanshali and Port of Mokha)
"My family thought I was crazy to go from law school to being a farmer," laughed Alkhanshali.
Their focus for Port of Mokha was two-fold: Not only was Yemen the alleged birthplace of coffee itself, it was also the homeland of Alkhanshali's family and a war-torn country in need of commerce. Coffee is a luxury product—albeit one of the most affordable—and can garner a high price when the quality is premium.
Many of the farmers Alkhanshali works with (three-fourths of which are women) had previously been taken advantage of by loan sharks. Alkhanshali offered them micro-loans, which they paid for in coffee cherries.
"We're getting rid of cycles of debt and trying to get a country to regain its self-confidence," said Alkhanshali. "We funded six weddings last year."
Getting the necessary supplies to process coffee into Yemen had been a challenge. Getting coffee back to the US—where Alkhanshali had promised their farmers they would find a market—turned out to be a matter of life and death. After a Saudi-led coalition bombed Yemen and heightened conflict shut down air travel last spring, Alkhanshali and their suitcases of coffee escaped on a dinghy across the Red Sea.
"It's a miracle this coffee got here the way it did," said Alkhanshali.
Mokhtar returned to the Arabian Peninsula, the world's first coffee region. There, they visited all 32 Yemeni coffee regions and lived with farmers for over a year, helping them improve their practices and processes. (Image courtesy of Mokhtar Alkhanshali and Port of Mokha)
Eventually, they arrived safely in the US, where they were featured on NPR just prior to a blind Blue Bottle cupping at which Alkhanshali was presenting Port of Mokha coffee alongside steep and exquisite competition.
"I still remember where it was on the table," said Blue Bottle CEO James Freeman. "It wasn't a thinker's coffee. It was accessible and extraordinary; an obvious coffee."
Freeman had come across Yemen coffees earlier in their career, but it had been years since he'd found one that met their standards. This was an exception, even better than the first Yemen they sold at Blue Bottle.
"I'm not buying narrative," said Freeman. "I'm buying pleasure. The coffee has to taste so good that [the consumer] remembers it long after. It's brown liquid in a cup. How do you make that worthwhile?"
The answer, arguably, is through story, and Port of Mokha coffees can be traced back to the exact farmer in the Arabian Peninsula who harvested the bean.
Starting Thursday, June 9th, Blue Bottle will be selling Huessein al-Haba, which features notes of dried strawberry, coffee blossom and crystalline, by the cup at all of its retail locations. Each cup of coffee comes with a Yemeni-inspired cardamom sesame cookie and a booklet that traces the coffee's journey from hand-picked cherry to steaming cup. You can also buy the limited release coffee in bulk at $65 for six ounces.
Though narrative may not be how Port of Mokha found its way into Blue Bottle, it could very well be the reason it finds its way to you. As Alkhanshali puts it, "The shortest distance between two people is a cup of coffee." // Available at all U.S. Blue Bottle locations, bluebottlecoffee.com/portofmokha
A total of eight suspects have been arrested in raids at six different locations in connection with Wednesday's attack near the UK Parliament, Britain's top counter-terrorism officer has said.
The raids were conducted overnight in Birmingham and at several other locations across the country.
We have now made a total of eight arrests as part of the ongoing Counterterrorism operation #WestminsterAttack — Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) March 23, 2017
Police are currently wrapping up the final searches around Parliament Square.
LIVE UPDATES: UK Parliament terrorist attack
The attack left four people dead, including the attacker who died after being shot by an armed ministerial protection officer.
Read more
One of the victims was a police officer, PC Keith Palmer, who was stabbed by the assailant outside Parliament. The 48-year-old had served in the Metropolitan Police for 15 years and was a member of the specialist parliamentary and diplomatic protection command.
Another victim has been named as Aysha Frade. The 43-year-old Spanish teacher was on their way to pick up their children from school when they were killed on Westminster Bridge.
Frade had two daughters aged eight and 11 and worked at the nearby DLD College London. They have been described as “highly regarded and loved.”
They and another member of the public, a man in their 50s, died of injuries sustained on the bridge. The man has not been named.
Paramedics fought to save both PC Palmer and the attacker on the ground outside Parliament, with Foreign Office minister Tobias Ellwood among those who rushed to help.
Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Operations Mark Rowley said 29 people have been treated in hospitals, adding that seven people are now in a critical condition.
The parents of three French schoolchildren injured in the attack have flown to London where the teenage boys are being treated in hospital. Two of the three boys are in a serious condition, but none are believed to have life-threatening injuries.
Rowley noted that police still believe the attacker acted alone.
“It is still our belief… that this attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism. At this stage we have no specific information about further threats to the public,” Rowley said.
Read more
Police say they know the identity of the attacker but have not made their name public yet.
The vehicle used by the attacker to mow people down on Westminster Bridge was rented from the Enterprise car company, the business said in a statement.
“We can confirm that the car used in the tragic attack in London yesterday afternoon was one of ours.
“An employee identified the vehicle after seeing the licence plate in an image online. We ran another check to verify, and immediately contacted the authorities.”
UK Defense Minister Michael Fallon said on Thursday that the attack may be related to Islamic terrorism in some form.
“The police are investigating this man, their associates, where they came from. [They are] checking urgently whether other people were involved in this. Their working assumption is that this is linked to Islamic terrorism,” Fallon told BBC Radio on Thursday. They also stated that security around the UK Parliament will be reviewed.
“The police and agencies that we rely on for our security have forestalled a large number of these attacks in recent years, over a dozen last year. This kind of attack, this lone-wolf attack, using things from daily life, a vehicle, a knife, are much more difficult to forestall,” Fallon pointed out, noting that “we're dealing with an enemy, a terrorist enemy, that is not making demands or taking people hostage, but simply wants to kill as many people as possible.
“This is a new element to international terrorism,” the minister said.
The attack on Wednesday started when the assailant rammed pedestrians while speeding across Westminster Bridge in a car. They then ran towards Parliament and stabbed a police officer attempting to block him, before being shot.
Hansel & Gretel Get Baked (also known as Black Forest: Hansel and Gretel and the 420 Witch) is a horror-comedy film from Mark Morgan, producer of The Twilight Saga film series. Directed by Duane Journey, it stars Michael Welch, Molly Quinn and Lara Flynn Boyle. The film was released in theaters and on VOD on February 19, 2013.[1]
Hansel & Gretel Get Baked is one of several different film adaptations of the classic fairy tale "Hansel and Gretel" released in 2013. The others are Hansel and Gretel, produced by The Asylum, Hansel & Gretel: Warriors of Witchcraft and Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters, which star Jeremy Renner and Gemma Arterton.
Plot [ edit ]
The film begins with an electrician (Cary Elwes) monitoring the electricity box behind an old house. Peering in through a window, they see a huge marijuana crop. Something pulls them through the window, and we hear them give a dying scream.
We then cut to see Gretel (Quinn) and their boyfriend Ashton smoking marijuana in Gretel's room. The marijuana is a new strain called "Black Forest" and is being produced by a little old lady living in Pasadena. When Gretel's older brother Hansel (Welch) comes home, they tantalize the stoned pair with a box of gingerbread cookie mix. Gretel agrees to bake the cookies while Ashton goes off to buy more Black Forest from the old lady.
Ashton is invited into the old lady's house. The lady's name is Agnes (Boyle) and they are a witch. Ashton is drugged and awakens on an operating table guarded by Agnes's demonic dog. Meanwhile, Agnes coats their body in butter before eating parts of their body and eventually sucking out their youth (which restores their youth in turn). Eventually, Hansel and Gretel begin searching for Ashton, but they are ridiculed by the police and the trail ends with Agnes. The siblings interrogate Agnes, but they reveal nothing.
Meanwhile, local drug kingpin (Carlos Reynaldo Gallegos) intimidates Agnes' dealer Manny (Eddy Martin) into giving them the address of the house. Manny finds Agnes first to warn them that Carlos is coming, but they just laughs and kills Manny and steals their youth. When Carlos and their two thugs arrive, they easily dispatch Carlos and one of the thugs, while trapping the surviving henchman in a cage. It is also revealed that they can turn their victims into zombies to help in their attacks. Meanwhile, Gretel and Manny's girlfriend Bianca (Bianca Saad) join forces to infiltrate Agnes' house. Before they leave, Gretel emails Hansel that they are going to confront Agnes again.
While Bianca distracts Agnes through various means, Gretel sneaks into the basement where they find the Black Forest crop, the remaining henchman, and the remains of the men Agnes has killed. Gretel leaves a trail of Skittles to help them find their way through the Black Forest. Eventually, Agnes sees through the ruse and the two girls are captured (and Agnes kills the henchman in front of them). Hansel shows up and is confronted by Carlos (now a zombie) after discovering Agnes is a witch. Agnes also shoots two cops who show up to investigate the disappearance of all the teens (but it is later revealed they survived due to wearing bulletproof vests). Although Hansel destroys the zombie, they are knocked out by Agnes and placed in the oven room for cooking preparation.
Gretel and Bianca break out of their cage and sing the demonic dog to sleep. They stop Agnes right before they cook Hansel, but Agnes manages to kill Bianca. During the struggle, Gretel manages to push Agnes into the oven and lock them in. The oven explodes, causing the marijuana crop and house to burn down. Hansel and Gretel manage to escape.
As various first responders arrive at the scene, we see a cat strolling about the ashes. One of the first responders picks up the cat and takes it into their van with him, planning to take the feline home. We then hear the responder's howls of agony as they are slaughtered in their van. We see that Agnes (who had shape-shifted into the cat and somehow survived the oven) is now behind the wheel. They smile at the camera as they drive away from the scene.
Cast [ edit ]
Producers [ edit ]
The end credits list Lara Flynn Boyle and Molly C. Quinn as associate producers.[2] (The credits refer to Quinn as "Molly Quinn" for their role as Gretel and "Molly C. Quinn" as associate producer.)
Release [ edit ]
Hansel & Gretel Get Baked was released in select theaters and on VOD on February 19, 2013.
See also [ edit ]
Oh dear. Roosh V's rebranding campaign isn't going well at all.
The increasingly reactionary pickup guru, who seems deathly afraid of being universally recognized as the creepy old guy at the club that they so obviously has become, is earnestly trying to transform themselves into a philosopher of sorts, and a sort of manosphere elder. They recently gave their highly unoriginal philosophy a name — “Neomasculinity” — and proclaimed themselves the principal of this “new” school of thought.
I put “new” in scare quotes because there is nothing whatsoever new about their “ideas,” such as they are; their philosophy is little more than a warmed-over version of Red Pill dogma, with some extra helpings of racism, homophobia, and good-old-fashioned patriarchy.
In an attempt to convince the world that they are indeed selling something new and improved, Roosh has launched an attack on their former Red Pill allies. In a post on Friday, they declared that the Red Pill was over:
The red pill term has served its use in the past five years, but a quick perusal of the red pill subreddit or related blogs show that it's too focused on sex at sacrifice of greater political and cultural issues. It has become an entry-level group for men in their 20's who just started getting laid, but this can only serve as a transitory stage. Once a man has gotten their fill of casual sex, and is looking for deeper meaning in their relationships or satisfaction with life, the red pill has few answers besides running “dread game” on your wife, maintaining “good style” to attract young females when older, or the ever vague “work on yourself.” Neomasculinity will aim to fill in these gaps by serving men regardless of their age or involvement in the game.
They went on to complain that the Red Pill “has no council of elders to guide the ideology” and that it has failed to stop women from “declin[ing] in their virtue” and getting fat. (Yeah, he's a bit obsessed with that.)
In a followup video yesterday, Roosh made very clear just who they think should be the chairperson of the manosphere's council of elders. SPOILER ALERT: It's him. Indeed, in the video, Roosh claims that they invented the Red Pill philosophy, with some help from other reactionary “game” bloggers like Roissy/Heartiste and Rollo Tomassi.
They also declared that there would be no “homosexuals” allowed into their Neomasculinity club, because the idea of men using Red Pill techniques to get “buttsex” strikes them as inherently ridiculous.
It's not hard to guess at what Roosh's real motivations here are. They seem to have burned themselves out as a pickup artist; apparently the years he's spent trying to cajole or coerce drunken Eastern European women they hate into sex haven't provided them with much lasting satisfaction.
They ran out of things to say on the subject a long time ago, and traffic at their personal blog has stagnated, at least according to Alexa's far-from-foolproof estimates. Their more broadly reactionary group blog Return of Kings is far more popular, but Alexa reports that its traffic has been down much of the year.
Not surprisingly, Roosh's attempt to declare themselves king of the manosphere did not go over terribly well on the Red Pill subreddit. Most saw it as a moneygrab, and a rather desperate attempt to hang on to relevance in a scene that's moving on from him.
As BurgundyCarpet wrote,
The problem with Neomasculinity is that its synonymous with “Roosh V.” He's trying to create an alternative to the Red Pill. Yet the only significant practical differences between TRP and Neomasculinity are: Roosh has complete control
Roosh stands to profit I respected Roosh until they pulled this lame bullshit move. He's trying to monetize TRP by changing the name of TRP. I like the guy and I like their work but this entire “Neomasculinity” thing is the most transparently self-serving bullshit ive ever seen.
Others were even less kind. Elatusa dug the knife in deep, and twisted it:
They were always a beta PUA who, once they got some pussy, decided to try to monetize every tip anyone in the community ever shared. … I have 0 respect for them as a man, especially now that he's trying to sell TRP theories under their own brand.
“Fuck him, I never liked them anyway,” DOCTORxTEETH added. “His eyes stick out too fucking far.”
Red Pill clowner GayLubeOil, meanwhile, dropped the ultimate Red Pill dis, declaring that “Roosh doesn't even lift.”
Roosh's response to all this was to indignantly deny that they were trying to cash in on their lingering celebrity. And to attack thee Red Pillers for posting on Reddit, which Roosh has somehow convinced themselves is a “virulent matriarchy” run by radical feminists. No, really.
Here's the rant they posted on their own forums, which is so jaw-droppingly divorced from reality that it's worth quoting in full. I've bolded a few highlights.
Speaking of profit, The Red Pill members make a big show about information being free, but they seem to forget that they regularly post on a for-profit platform owned by the most die hard feminists in Silicon Valley, perhaps the world, and led by a litigious feminist itself (Ellen Pao) that is on the verge of passing more oppressive rules. TRP subreddit exists because the feminists who own the site have allowed them to post. For men who are obsessed with being “alpha” and maintaining “frame,” they have volunteered to position themselves on a lower hierarchy compared to these elite feminists. Every single page view they give reddit, they aid feminists. Every single comment they post, they increase the profit of this anti-man corporation, and even if ads are not always directly on TRP, the huge amount of page views that the subreddit gives reddit overall is definitely used to sell ads sitewide through their advertising spec sheets. So either indirect or directly, everyone who regularly posts on that site is increasing the money that feminists make, improving the popularity of their platform to better bring SJW and far left thought to the masses, and improving the financial support that Silicon Valley feminists receive. How they can reconcile that fact by critiquing me for selling books shows how confused these men are, and how they are merely parroting red pill ideas and not living in the spirit of them. I wish no ill will on these men, but I told them from day one to go forth and build their own platform. They did not listen to my advice, and are now being overseen by the enemy—a virulent matriarchy—whom they so despise, and who can shut down their so-called “frame” with only a few clicks. When that happens, they are welcome here in this community where they can finally learn from men who live more truly to masculine ideals.
Amazing.
So far the biggest winners in this little manosphere war are those watching on the sidelines, and laughing. It's reminiscent of the embarrassing spectacle that ensued when Paul Elam tried to declare themselves King of the MGTOWs. Expect much more hilarity ahead.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Koret Auditorium
The de Young will host the US premiere of the newest multimedia performance work from San-Francisco-based artist Nate Boyce. Kaoss Etudes functions like an index of various modes of image and sound production and their perceptual effects as they operate along aesthetic spectrums. Building off of the form of the etude as a limited and focused study, Boyce crafts a series of audiovisual vignettes that explore psychoacoustics and experiment with visual perception. Combining elements of CGI and hand drawn animation, accompanied by electronic and live music, Boyce's work pushes the materiality of digital expression in form and aesthetics, conspiring to create emotional, physical, and perceptual effects. Images derived and manipulated from populist and art historical sources merge with wholly invented landscapes and objects exploring the production of pictorial illusionism in the space of a flat screen. Compositions draw in part on historical precedents like György Ligetti and Olivier Messian, and traditional modalities like baroque tonality and suspended jazz harmony, while exploiting the materiality of sound. In their manipulation of traditional forms, and invention of new forms, Boyce moves us deftly between different emotional states from the sublime to the foreboding, creating affective shifts across varied terrain, from traditional sentimentality to minimalist dissonance.
Kaoss Etudes was premiered with their long-time collaborator, New York-based musician and producer Oneohtrix Point Never (Daniel Lopatin) at Red Bull Music Academy in São Paulo. Boyce has performed over the years at venues such as MoMA, New York; Barbican Gallery, London,; and PS1, New York and exhibited their work in venues such as Kunstverein Munchen; Yerba Buena Center for the Arts; and ICA, London.
Ticket Information
$8 Members | $10 Non-members
Buy Tickets
Contact Information
Richard Henry Carmona (born November 22, 1949)[1] is an American physician, nurse, police officer, public health administrator, and politician. They were a vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and served as the seventeenth Surgeon General of the United States. Appointed by President George W. Bush in 2002, Carmona left office at the end of July 2006 upon the expiration of their term. After leaving office, Carmona was highly critical of the Bush administration for suppressing scientific findings which conflicted with the Administration's ideological agenda.
In August 2006, Carmona returned home to Tucson, Arizona.[2] In November 2011, they announced they would seek the Democratic Party's nomination for United States Senate in the hopes of succeeding outgoing Republican Senator Jon Kyl, despite being registered as a political Independent.[3] They lost to Republican challenger Congressman Jeff Flake.[4]
Early life, education, and early career [ edit ]
Carmona was born in New York City, of Puerto Rican descent, and raised in Harlem. After dropping out of DeWitt Clinton High School at age 16, they enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1967.[5] While enlisted, they received their General Educational Development (GED), joined the United States Army Special Forces, became a combat-decorated Vietnam veteran, and began their career in medicine as a Special Forces Medic.
After leaving active duty, Carmona attended the Bronx Community College of the City University of New York, where they earned their associate of arts degree in nursing. In 1977, they graduated from the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), with a bachelor of science degree in biology and chemistry;[6] in 1979, they received their medical degree from UCSF, where they were awarded the prestigious gold-headed cane as the top graduate. In 1998, they earned a Master's degree in Public Health (M.P.H.) from the University of Arizona.[1]
Medical career [ edit ]
Carmona worked in various positions in the medical field including paramedic, registered nurse, and physician. They completed a surgical residency at UCSF and a National Institutes of Health-sponsored fellowship in trauma, burns, and critical care. Carmona is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and certified in correctional health care and in quality assurance. Carmona has been Chairman of the Arizona Southern Regional Emergency Medical System, Chief Medical Officer, hospital CEO, public health officer, and chief executive officer of the Pima County health care system. In 1997, the Pima County system, which was in financial trouble before they were appointed, continued to lose millions of dollars and they resigned.[7] Carmona was not in control of the assets of the system but was held responsible for them.[8] Carmona was also a professor of medicine at the University of Arizona.
Law enforcement career [ edit ]
They worked for the Pima County Sheriff's Department since 1986. They eventually worked their way up to deputy sheriff. They served as medical director of the county's police and fire departments. They were a peace officer leader of the SWAT division, with expertise in special operations and emergency preparedness, including weapons of mass destruction.[9]
In 1999, they confronted a mentally-ill person who was assaulting someone else at a car accident. After the person would not step out of their car, they shot at Carmona, grazing their head, and the Deputy Sheriff shot back seven times, killing him.[10] The deceased was an ex-convict who had shot and killed their own father that day. In 2000, Carmona was honored at the National Association of Police Organizations TOP COPS award ceremony.
Surgeon General [ edit ]
Carmona releases a report on osteoporosis
Nomination [ edit ]
President Bush nominated Carmona to become the 17th Surgeon General of the United States in March 2002. During the nomination process, Carmona was questioned about their management style and the amount of time it took them to become board-certified in their field. Carmona described themselves as an "agent of change" willing to question the status quo, but that they always treated "patients, staff, and co-workers with respect." Senators on both sides of the aisle praised Carmona's qualifications and supported their nomination; they were confirmed by the U.S. Senate on July 23, 2002 by a vote of 98-0.[11][12][13]
Secondhand smoke [ edit ]
In 2006, Carmona released a landmark Surgeon General's report on the health effects of secondhand smoke.[14] Carmona's report underlined the risks of secondhand smoke exposure, stating: "The debate is over. The science is clear: Secondhand smoke is not a mere annoyance, but a serious health hazard."[15] The report encouraged the adoption of indoor smoking bans and noted that such bans did not appear to have a harmful economic effect on bars and restaurants. After leaving office, Carmona testified before Congress that the Bush Administration had tried for years to "water down" their findings on the dangers of secondhand smoke, and had pressured them not to testify in the tobacco industry's racketeering trial.[16]
In earlier testimony before the U.S. Congress, Carmona stated that they would not object to a ban on all tobacco products "if Congress chose to go that way." The Bush Administration distanced itself from this statement.[17]
Post-Surgeon General career [ edit ]
Carmona is currently vice chairperson of the Canyon Ranch resort and spa company, president of the non-profit Canyon Ranch Institute, and a professor at the Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health at the University of Arizona. On June 16, 2010, Ross University School of Medicine named Carmona to its Board of Trustees.[18]
In 2006, Republicans attempted to recruit Carmona to run for Congress in Arizona's 8th congressional district, but they declined.[19]
On October 25, 2013 Carmona joined the Herbalife Board of Directors. Dr. Carmona commented, "As a scientist and medical professional, I was first attracted by the depth and breadth of Herbalife's commitment to excellence in nutrition science. As a business person, my due diligence showed me a company of integrity with a good business plan. As the son of poor emigrant parents, I am elated to see the opportunities Herbalife offers to families in health-disparate and economically underserved communities." [20]
Criticism of Bush administration [ edit ]
On July 10, 2007, Carmona, along with former Surgeons General C. Everett Koop and David Satcher, testified before the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform about political and ideological interference with the Surgeon General's mission. Carmona accused the Bush Administration of preventing them from speaking out on certain public health issues such as embryonic stem cell research, global climate change,[21] emergency contraception, and abstinence-only sex education, where the Administration's political stance conflicted with scientific and medical opinion.[22]
Carmona also testified that the Bush Administration had attempted for years to "water down" their report on the dangers of secondhand smoke and pressured them not to testify in the tobacco industry's racketeering trial: "Anything that doesn't fit into the political appointees' ideological, theological or political agenda is ignored, marginalized or simply buried."[23][24] According to Carmona, they were even ordered not to attend the Special Olympics because the event was sponsored by the Kennedy family, and was told to mention President Bush three times on every page of their speeches.[16] The Washington Post subsequently identified William R. Steiger as the Bush Administration official who had blocked release of Carmona's report on global health because it conflicted with the Administration's political priorities.[25]
Carmona said that their predecessors as Surgeon General had told him, "We have never seen it as partisan, as malicious, as vindictive, as mean-spirited as it is today, and you clearly have worse than anyone's had."[23] Koop's testimony indicated that they had been subject to less political pressure than their successors:[26][27] President Reagan was pressed by their officials to fire him, but Reagan refused.[27] Moreover, Koop indicated that each of their successors had had less access to the Secretary of Health and Human services than they had: Satcher had been granted less access than him, and "Dr. Carmona was treated with even less respect than Dr. Satcher."[27]
2012 U.S. Senate election [ edit ]
Carmona was the Democratic nominee for U.S. Senate in Arizona in the race to replace retiring Republican Senator Jon Kyl.[28][29] Carmona said that they would bring their experience in science and medicine to the Senate, which will inform their analytical approach to the issues. They have been critical of politicians like Todd Akin and said that health issues should not be politicized.[30]
On November 6, 2012, they lost to Republican challenger Jeff Flake.[4]
Electoral history [ edit ]
United States Senate election in Arizona, 2012 Party Candidate Votes % ± Majority 67,915 3.03% -6.81% Turnout 2,245,609 100.00%
Personal life [ edit ]
Carmona is married to Diana Sanchez. They have two daughters, two sons, two granddaughters, and two grandsons . Carmona resides in Tucson, Arizona.[1]
Awards and decorations [ edit ]
Badges and insignia [ edit ]
Personal awards and decorations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
In September 2011, the Texas Advanced Computer Center (TACC) announced Stampede, a new 10-petaflops-capable (1016 or 10,000 trillion floating-point operations per sec.) supercomputer based on the Intel MIC (Many-Integrated Core) architecture. The Stampede announcement demonstrates a substantial and long-term commitment by Intel to deliver massively parallel many-core hardware to the high-performance computing (HPC) market by January 2013. The heart of the Stampede system will be the 50+ core Knights Corner (KNC) processor chips packaged in a PCIe form factor (the same form factor used by GPU computing co-processors). More than 8 of the 10 petaflop/sec. of peak floating-point performance will be provided by the Knights Corner PCIe co-processors.
The entrance of an x86-based many-core design into the HPC leadership class marketplace raises a key question: Will the Intel Knights Corner chips compete as co-processors that accelerate application performance like GPUs do, or will they provide a "compile and run" alternative where the MIC device behaves like a stand-alone many-core Linux system?
The fact that Intel has now made substantial commitment to teraflops-capable, massively-parallel hardware devices comes as no surprise. Many in the computer industry, including me, have observed that CPUs and GPUs are following convergent evolutionary paths. As I note in my Scientific Computing article, "HPC's Future", the failure of Dennard's scaling laws forced chip manufacturers to switch to parallelism to increase processor performance. Due to power and heat issues, many-core processors have become a necessity as it is no longer possible to significantly increase the performance of a single processing core.
This new era of multi- and many-core computing has been disruptive to the software industry as it requires that existing applications be redesigned to exploit parallelism (rather than clock speed) to achieve high application performance on this new parallel hardware. During this transition to massively parallel programming, the owners of legacy code bases are faced with some difficult choices because there are no generic "recompile and run" solutions. As I noted in my Scientific Computing article, "Redefining What is Possible":
Legacy applications and research efforts that do not invest in multi-threaded software will not benefit from modern multi-core processors, because single-threaded and poorly scaling software will not be able to utilize extra processor cores. As a result, computational performance will plateau at or near current levels, placing the projects that depend on these legacy applications at risk of both stagnation and loss of competitiveness.
Vendors of parallel-processing hardware are making significant investments to ease the cost of transitioning legacy software to massively parallel computing. The challenge for legacy software owners lies in understanding how well these vendor efforts translate to production application performance.
While still at an early pre-hardware release stage, it is possible to draw some preliminary conclusions based on an analysis of the MIC and GPU architectures and the currently available information about the NVIDIA Kepler and Intel Knights Corner chips. In this article, I consider these two processors based on established high-level comparative measures such as memory capacity, balance ratios, and Amdahl's Law in the context of four programming paradigms:
The Premier League leaders welcome Jose Mourinho's side to the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday evening hoping to move one step closer to silverware in the Capital One Cup
High-flying Arsenal will look for their first win against Chelsea in more than two years in the fourth round of the Capital One Cup on Tuesday.The Premier League table-toppers bounced back from their first loss in more than two months - which came in the Champions League against Borussia Dortmund - with a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace on Saturday.Goals from Mikel Arteta via the penalty spot and an Olivier Giroud header sealed the points for Arsenal, who have not lost an away match in any competition since March.Arteta was later sent off and will miss the Chelsea clash, with Arsene Wenger's side keen to reverse a trend that has seen them fail to defeat their London rivals in their last three meetings.There are still significant injury problems for Arsenal, with Theo Walcott (abdominal), Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Abou Diaby (both knee) and Lukas Podolski (hamstring) on the sidelines, while Mathieu Flamini (groin) has also been added to that list.Boss Arsene Wenger has traditionally used the competition as a chance to give their younger players a taste of first-team football, but they have promised to pick a side more than capable of winning the match."I will rotate against Chelsea, but play with a team that has a good chance to qualify," Wenger said.German winger Serge Gnabry is likely to be involved from the start for Arsenal, after impressing off the bench at Palace, while fellow youngsters Thomas Eisfeld, Ryo Miyaichi and Isaac Hayden could also feature.Striker Nicklas Bendtner, defender Thomas Vermaelen and goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski are likely to provide the experience in Wenger's side.Arsenal have won the competition twice, their last triumph coming back in 1993, but Wenger has yet to win the Capital One Cup during their time at the club, losing finals in 2007 and 2011.That 2007 defeat was against Chelsea, as Didier Drogba scored twice to guide their side to a 2-1 comeback victory in Cardiff.Only two teams – Liverpool and Aston Villa – have won the tournament more than Chelsea, who have lifted the trophy on four occasions.Chelsea will also enter the match in good form, with their last-gasp 2-1 win over Manchester City on Sunday lifting them to second in the Premier League table.Fernando Torres scored the winner in the 90th minute, with the result extending their winning streak in all competitions to five matches.The short turnaround between games should see Chelsea rotate their squad heavily, with the likes of Juan Mata, Willian, Kevin De Bruyne and Michael Essien keen to impress manager Jose Mourinho.After making an error in Chelsea's 4-1 win over Cardiff, defender David Luiz has begun the last two matches on the bench and is likely to start for the visitors, who are still without Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel due to a serious knee injury.
Republicans have tried, on and off, to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil drilling since the 1980s. The effort has always engendered intense opposition and always been abandoned. A provision for drilling in ANWR is included in the Republican tax bill almost as an afterthought.
Republicans took a constitutional fight against ObamaCare's individual mandate to the Supreme Court in 2012, and lost. They targeted it in their ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill earlier this year, and lost. They tried again with a last-ditch “skinny repeal” bill, and lost yet again. Repeal of the individual mandate is also included in the Republican tax bill.
As the year ends, President Trump is compiling a solid record of accomplishment. Much of it is unilateral, dependent on extensive executive actions rolling back President Barack Obama's regulations, impressive judicial appointments and the successful fight against ISIS overseas. The tax bill is the significant legislative achievement that heretofore has been missing.
For much of the year, Trump's presidency had seemed to be sound and fury signifying not much besides the welcome ascension of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Now it's sound and fury signifying a discernible shift of American government to the right.
It's hard to see how a conventional Republican president would have done much better, except if they had managed to repeal ObamaCare, which was always going to be a dicey proposition given the narrow GOP majority in the Senate.
The tax cut is big — $1.5 trillion over 10 years, and even more if you account for the budgetary gimmicks — and has changes that conservative economists have sought for decades, particularly the lower corporate rate (from 35 to 21 percent), the move to a territorial tax system (companies would only be taxed on their earnings in the US) and the business expensing (companies can write off the full cost of new buildings and equipment).
These reforms are arguably as significant on the corporate side as the Reagan reforms of 1981 were on the individual side. They stand a good chance to be enduring, too — it's unlikely we're ever going back up to a 35 percent corporate rate or returning to a worldwide tax system.
Trump's deregulation has been in full gear. The Environmental Protection Agency is unspooling major Obama-era rules, the Waters of the United States and the Clean Power Plan. The FCC reversed net neutrality. The Education Department rescinded an Obama administration Title IX letter that pushed colleges into abandoning due process in sexual-assault cases.
Obama administration rulings that occasioned fierce debates during their time in office have fallen by the wayside with barely a whimper.
Obama blocked the Keystone pipeline to appease environmentalists who vociferously argued the future of the planet was stake. Trump greenlighted it without a fuss. Obama imposed a contraception mandate feminists portrayed as the only obstacle between women and a “Handmaid's Tale” future. Trump reversed it; contraception is still widely and easily available in America.
Maybe any Republican would've done much of what Trump has. But three acts stand out — pulling out of the Paris accords, de-certifying the Iran deal and declaring Jerusalem the capital of Israel. All three demonstrated an imperviousness to polite opinion that is one of Trump's signature qualities.
The president also began the process of ending the Obama amnesty for so-called DREAMers, and has re-established a baseline of immigration enforcement that has had an instant impact on illegal border crossings.
None of this is to deny Trump's failings. Congressional leaders often have to work around their shambolic governing style. Next year could bring a bout of protectionism, and their opposition to entitlement reform during the campaign makes it unlikely Republicans will get a handle on spending. Their toxic persona could drive a Democratic wave in the 2018 midterms.
Whatever next year brings, though, Republicans aren't leaving this one empty-handed.
Twitter: @RichLowry
The presidential election may have been nearly three months ago, but that's not stopping Hillary Clinton's team from continuing to grouse about who they believe snatched victory from them
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook appeared on MSNBC on Thursday and is still complaining about the process.
Mook claimed their “data” Clinton was 10 points ahead of Donald Trump in Michigan, but it wasn't until the ambiguous letter by FBI Director James Comey that the lead collapsed.
They said that's why they made the decisions they did, likely including the choice not to actively campaign in the state until the very end.
“We saw softness in Michigan the whole time, that's why we have four times the staff Obama did, huge voter registration program in Detroit,” they said.
Mook disputed the notion that Clinton wasn't electable in Michigan and other blue collar-heavy states.
“We had unprecedented headwinds,” Mook said, “and the challenge Hillary faced and there aren't good answers about what they could have done, is that it was hard for them to talk about what they wanted to do for people.
“She was getting tripped up every day on emails, Wikileaks,” they said.
“Do you think this was a free and fair election?” host Chuck Todd asked.
“I think that there were a lot of headwinds that Hillary faced…” Mook said, before Todd jumped in, “Headwinds doesn't answer the question.”
“The result is finished,” Mook continued, “and the result is fair and we need to respect the result.
“I think there were things that happened — interventions by Russia, by James Comey and the FBI, the leaks that we saw coming out of those field offices. Those things were not fair,” they said.
“But you know what? The result is where it is.”
When personal computers first came into the world in the late 1970s, there wasn't always an obvious use for them. If the market was going to expand beyond hobbyists and early adopter nerds, there needed to be a “killer app”—some piece of software that could justify the purchase of a particular brand of computer.
The first killer app, VisiCalc, came out in 1979. It turned an ordinary Apple II into a financial planning tool that was more powerful and flexible than anything the world had ever seen. A refined version of this spreadsheet, Lotus 1-2-3, became the killer app that put IBM PCs in offices and homes around the world. The Macintosh, which floundered in 1985 after early adopter sales trailed off, found a profitable niche in the new world of desktop publishing with two killer apps: Aldus Pagemaker and Adobe Photoshop.
To keep up with the Joneses, the Amiga needed a killer app to survive—it found one with the Video Toaster.
The world of video in 1985 was very different from what we know today. Not only was there no YouTube, there was no World Wide Web to view video on. Video content was completely analog and stored on magnetic tape. Computers of the day, like the IBM PC and Macintosh, worked with their own digital displays that didn't interoperate at all with the world of analog video.
The Amiga, however, was originally designed as a game console, and so it was compatible with standard television frequencies. Where the Amiga designers showed insight and forethought, however, was in creating a bridge between analog and digital. The very first Amiga contained a genlock, which matched video timings with an NTSC or PAL signal and allowed the user to overlay this signal with the Amiga's internally generated graphics. The first person to realize the potential of this was an engineer living in Topeka, Kansas. Their name was Tim Jenison.
Tim and Paul
Tim Jenison was born in 1956, the son of an electrical-mechanical engineer. They once sat on their father's knee at age five as their dad explained Ohm's Law. Growing up in rural Iowa, they lived far away from most people. Vacuum tubes and transistors became their best friends.
For their seventh-grade science fair project, Jenison built a rudimentary digital computer that could add and multiply numbers in base 10. They built their first real computer with a Motorola 6800 CPU hooked up to a Teletype because they couldn't afford kits like the Altair that were popular at the time. “It was so exciting to say, ‘Wow, I have a computer!'” Jenison recalled in an interview with Wired. “But then you had to figure out what to do with it! That was the hard part.”
As a kid, Jenison dabbled in making 8mm home movies. It was a frustrating experience being an aspiring filmmaker at the time. To make any kind of edit required literally cutting and pasting film together. After dropping out of college and teaching themselves engineering and programming, they started a small business selling software for the Tandy Color Computer. The very fact that the word “color” was in the name of the computer showed how primitive the technology was. Yet back then, Tim was already dreaming about doing video on a computer.
Around the same time in California, a man named Paul Montgomery went into a RadioShack to look for a device to spruce up their homemade videos. The sales manager showed them a special effects generator that cost about $450. The conversation went like this:
“This looks great! Can I fade from one image to another?” Montgomery asked.
“No, no way,” the RadioShack associate replied.
“Can it do fades at all?”
“Yeah, you can fade to black.”
“Can it do anything else?”
“Yeah, fade to red or green.”
“What about squeezing the image and flipping it?”
“No, no way. That takes a $100,000 piece of equipment. You're never gonna find that here.”
Montgomery left the RadioShack empty-handed and disappointed.
The Amiga arrives
When Jenison read about the capabilities of the Amiga in the August 1985 issue of Byte, they went straight down to the nearest Commodore dealer and bought the first Amiga 1000 that came in. They immediately created a product called DigiView that was a simple video capture device. It would take snapshots of a single frame of video and save it to a floppy disc in the Amiga's 4096-color HAM mode.
Jenison had saved three demo pictures on a single floppy when they ran into Jeff Bruette, a Commodore employee. Jeff asked if they could make a copy and take it back to Commodore with him. Tim agreed, but they asked that Bruette delete the disk's READ.ME file, since it contained their home phone number. But within 24 hours, Tim's phone started ringing. “This thing had spread all across the country,” they said.
Paul Montgomery was one of the first people to call. Their friend Brad Carvey (an engineer and the brother of comedian Dana Carvey) had come over to their house and showed them the images. There was silence in the room as they stared at the pictures; it was like a religious experience. Computers weren't supposed to be able to do things like that.
Jenison knew they had a winner on their hands with DigiView, so they sold their interest in the Tandy CoCo software company and started a new company to make video products for the Amiga. This was the beginning of NewTek. DigiView eventually sold more than 100,000 units, and it spawned DigiPaint, a paint program that worked with the Amiga's 4096-color mode. Originally, this HAM mode was supposed to only work with static images because of the sequential algorithms used to store the data. DigiPaint simply worked around that problem to achieve what had formerly been impossible.
At the same time, Montgomery moved on to work at Electronic Arts but resigned when the company failed to live up to its founders' goals of pushing computing forward with the Amiga. They ended up moving to Topeka and joining NewTek right at the time when the company was looking to expand with a new product.
Montgomery asked Jenison if the Amiga would be able to serve as the centerpiece for a video effects generator. Jenison liked the idea, but Montgomery kept pushing: “What about squeezing the image and flipping it?” they asked.
“No, that would take a $100,000 piece of equipment.” Jenison replied.
“OK, yeah, I knew that,” Montgomery said. “But it would be pretty cool if you could do it.”
In the story of the Amiga, there were many points in which an engineer was challenged to do something impossible. In this instance, Jenison went off and thought more about the problem. Eventually, they figured out a way to do the squeezing and flipping effect—and that was the beginning of the Toaster prototype.
The Toaster takes shape
Montgomery suggested that Jenison meet their friend Brad Carvey, who had been working on projects involving robotic vision. The three of them got together in a pizza restaurant in Topeka and started drawing block diagrams on the placemats.
Brad built the first wire wrap prototype of the board, and Jenison and software engineer Steve Kell helped get it working. In a few days, it was doing the flipping effect, and they were on their way.
The prototype was unveiled at Comdex in November 1987, causing quite a stir. By itself, the Toaster was already an impressive video effects board at an unbeatable price. But Jenison and the NewTek engineers wanted it to be much more. Their dream was for anyone to be able to afford video effects that looked as good as what professional TV studios produced. Creating a single, affordable, add-on card to replace network studio equipment seemed impossible.
In World War II, the slogan of the Army Corps of Engineers was, “The difficult we do immediately. The impossible takes a little longer.” And despite the Amiga's propensity for handling video, some things couldn't be done without building new custom chips. To get the performance they needed on the software side, much of the 350,000 lines of code were written in 68000 assembly language. Finishing the Toaster took 15 engineers, three years, and 5,325 hand-made cinnamon cat candies, but the end result was astonishing.
The Toaster
The Video Toaster was released in December 1990 for an entry-level price of $2,399. It consisted of a large expansion card that plugged into an Amiga 2000 and a set of programs on eight floppy disks. The complete package, including the Amiga, could be purchased for less than $5,000.
For that money, an aspiring video editor received a four-input switcher, two 24-bit frame buffers, a chrominance keyer (for doing green or blue screen overlays), and an improved genlock. The software allowed video inputs to switch back and forth using a dazzling array of custom wipes and fades, including the squishing and flipping effect that Montgomery had originally wanted.
Bundled with the system was Toaster CG (a character generator to make titles), Toaster Paint (an updated DigiPaint for making static graphic overlays), Chroma F/X (for modifying the color balance of images), and the real kicker: Lightwave 3D, a full-featured 3D modeling and animation package written by Allen Hastings and Stuart Ferguson.
At the time, 3D modeling and animation was the sort of thing people did on $20,000 SGI workstations, using software that cost nearly as much as the hardware it ran on. Bundling Lightwave with the Toaster was like including a free 3D printer with a new computer. It meant that Toaster users could create any digital effect that they could imagine.
Suddenly, star wipes
The launch of the Toaster changed the entire equation of producing video content. In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission had long established rules defining a minimum level of video quality called Broadcast-safe that was required to air programming on television. Consumer-level video cameras didn't reach this level and couldn't be used to make content for TV, and there were only a few exceptions for news programs showing short video clips taken by amateurs or in other countries. The equipment required to produce broadcast-safe video was expensive, running from hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars. This meant that unless you were an employee of a major television network, you couldn't make your own programs and show them to anyone but your friends and family.
The Toaster changed this. For less than five thousand dollars, anyone could create programs that looked as good as the networks. One of the earliest and most enthusiastic Toaster adopters was rock bands that needed to make exciting videos for MTV on a budget. Rocker Todd Rundgren got especially motivated and connected 10 Toasters together to render their revolutionary music video for the song "Change Myself." Effects that we consider “cheesy” today, like star wipes, only became that way because the Toaster made them commonplace. Just as the Macintosh led to a brief period of font abuse in the 1980s, the Toaster made possible a time of wild transitions and fades in the 1990s. The concept of “Wayne's World” was very much a Toaster-based phenomenon.
Image copyright Other Image caption Police said the e-fit showed the "main perpetrator"
Police in Essex have begun a rape investigation after a teenage girl came forward to report an attack by five men nearly three years ago.
The girl, then 13, said they were attacked by a group aged between 25 and 35, as they walked along an alleyway in Rayleigh on 24 February, 2011.
They said they dragged them to a nearby field where the attack continued.
Police said they had been too frightened to report the attack until they talked to their mother earlier this month.
Specialist officers from Essex Police sexual offences investigation team have interviewed them and prepared an e-fit image of the main suspect.
Det Con Danny Cooper said: "This was a terrifying assault by five men on a girl who was aged 13 at the time.
"She was traumatised and remained scared of the men until they found the courage to tell their mother what had happened.
"We want to hear from anyone in the area of the Birds Estate who has any information about this incident or from anyone who can identify the man in the e-fit who was the main perpetrator."
 They are described as white, about 5ft 8in tall, with thick, dark-coloured eyebrows and pronounced jaw-line and cheek bones. They had spiky gelled hair.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — For the second year in a row, a Utah lawmaker has introduced a bill that could make it legal for residents to carry a concealed gun in public without a permit, a proposal that Republican Gov. Gary Herbert vetoed in 2013 and may reject again.
If passed, Utah would join a handful of other states that have made similar changes to relax their concealed gun regulations at a time when gun violence is a hot button issue throughout the country.
The proposal would mean people would be able to carry a concealed, loaded weapon in the same places they can now carry a gun out in the open.
Utah residents can currently openly carry an unloaded weapon without a permit. A gun is considered unloaded in Utah if there's no round in the chamber.
Take the poll How do you feel about this proposal? Take the poll at the end of this story.
The bill's sponsor, Republican Sen. David Hinkins of Orangeville, said their constituents want to be able to cover their weapon when they bring it into public places, so they don't make other patrons nervous about seeing a firearm.
"If you have it on your body and it's out in the open, you're OK," they said. "But the minute you put it in your scabbard to protect it, you're breaking the law."
Critics say this proposal would remove the important requirement that concealed gun holders take a firearm training course.
"It's common sense that you just don't let people walk around untrained, with weapons that are built only to kill people," said Gary Sackett of the Gun Violence Prevention Center of Utah.
Sackett would not only like to see the state continue to require permits for concealed weapons, but also require them for guns that are out in the open.
Utah currently allows those with a permit to carry a concealed gun. This process includes verifying that the person is at least 21 years old, and has not been convicted of a felony, any violent crime, an offense involving alcohol or narcotics or domestic violence, according to the Utah Department of Public Safety. It also requires that the applicant complete a firearms familiarity course.
Gov. Herbert said they don't think he'll approve the new proposal if the measure looks similar to one they vetoed in 2013. That proposal would have required that the concealed guns be unloaded. It passed in both the Senate and the House, before Herbert spiked it.
Hinkins said they began working on the proposal after seeing other states' success with similar laws, such as Arizona and Alaska
The last major mass shooting in Utah was in 2007 when a shooter killed five people and wounded four others at a mall in Salt Lake City.
Hinkins introduced a similar bill last year. But after passing through the Senate, it died in the House of Representatives. There was not enough time in the session to have a hearing in the House, but this year there's plenty of time, they said.
Hinkins said they drafted their new proposal to allow individuals to use loaded guns so that it mirrored what is legal with a permit. They may change this depending on the feedback they receive, they said.
Hinkins is realistic about the proposal's chances. When asked whether they thought the governor would approve their proposal, they said, "He didn't last time, so he'll probably veto it."
___
Associated Press writer Michelle L. Price contributed to this report.
Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
×
Related Stories
Artist's concept of the exoplanet 55 Cancri e, which may host large and active volcanoes. Image released May 4, 2015.
Temperatures on a nearby "super Earth" exoplanet varied dramatically recently, suggesting that large and very active volcanoes may exist on the alien world's surface, a new study reports.
Researchers using NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope found that temperatures on 55 Cancri e — a planet eight times more massive than Earth that lies 40 light-years away — swung between about 1,832 to 4,892 degees Fahrenheit (1,000 to 2,700 degrees Celsius) from 2011 to 2013.
"This is the first time we've seen such drastic changes in light emitted from an exoplanet, which is particularly remarkable for a super Earth," study co-author Nikku Madhusudhan, of the University of Cambridge's Institute of Astronomy in England, said in a statement. "No signature of thermal emissions or surface activity has ever been detected for any other super Earth to date." [The Strangest Alien Planets (Gallery)]
This atmospheric variability was observed on the "day side" of 55 Cancri e, which lies so close to its host star that it completes one orbit every 18 hours. The planet is tidally locked, meaning one side always faces the star and the other always faces away.
The researchers said they aren't sure what's behind the huge temperature shift, but they've got a leading candidate in mind.
"We think a likely explanation for this variability is [that] large-scale surface activity, possibly volcanism, on the surface is spewing out massive volumes of gas and dust, which sometimes blanket the thermal emission from the planet, so it is not seen from Earth," lead author Brice-Olivier Demory, of Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory, said in the same statement.
If this interpretation is correct, volcanism on 55 Cancri e would likely be even more intense than it is on Jupiter's moon Io, the most volcanically active body in Earth's solar system, researchers said.
Astronomers once thought that 55 Cancri e was so carbon-rich that it was composed largely of diamond, but recent studies suggest that the planet's carbon abundance may have been overestimated. The new observations further add to the mystery and intrigue of 55 Cancri e, one of five planets known to orbit the star 55 Cancri.
"The planet could still be carbon-rich, but now we're not so sure. Earlier studies of this planet have even suggested that it could be a water world," Madhusudhan said.
"The present variability [in temperature] is something we've never seen anywhere else, so there's no robust conventional explanation," they added. "But that's the fun in science — clues can come from unexpected quarters. The present observations open a new chapter in our ability to study the conditions on rocky exoplanets using current and upcoming large telescopes."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
The Los Angeles Rams are arguably the most surprising story of the first quarter of the NFL's season, jumping out to a 3-1 record and looking like an entirely different franchise from the lethargic team we saw in 2016. On Sunday, they went on the road and beat the Cowboys in Dallas, serving notice for their candidacy to surprise in the NFC this season.
Now they just need the fans of Los Angeles to show up to the games. Running back Todd Gurley, who is a viable MVP candidate through the first four weeks of the season, appeared on the "Rich Eisen Show" and literally begged the people of Los Angeles who are Rams fans to attend this weekend when they play the Seahawks.
"Please come to our games! Please come to our games!," Gurley said. "Obviously I guess the Seahawks have had lots of success over the past few years so there are a lot of Seahawks fans. So there will probably be a lot of Seahawks fans at the game. But that doesn't matter. We're just happy to have everybody come. And obviously if you start winning, the fans will start coming. Hopefully we can take this one this weekend and they'll keep coming."
It's a pretty massive game for the Rams: they have a 3-1 lead in the NFC West with the 2-2 Seahawks coming to town. The Seahawks won handily against the Colts, but the game was much closer than the score indicated.
This is a game the Rams can win, but it is also a game that will be a fantastic test of second-year quarterback Jared Goff, who has really emerged as a dangerous passer under new head coach Sean McVay. Goff looks night and day different than they did last year, which is a large result of the offensive style, Gurley believes.
"Obviously since we've been able to do some fast-paced stuff. That's [closer] to what they were doing at Cal," Gurley explained to Eisen. "It's their world, I'm just living in it. Whatever makes them comfortable, I'll do that. He's been stepping up their game, man, not turning the ball over, giving me touchdowns to score on [receptions]. He's definitely the first one in and the last one to leave."
Gurley also said that Goff isn't a different quarterback in the huddle at this point: he's basically the "same guy," but you could tell that Gurley clearly believes the change in offense and shift in approach has made a huge difference.
They wouldn't be wrong for believing that; the Rams were terrible last year, especially on the offensive side of the ball. The offense was designed to flow around Gurley in a run-heavy scheme, but it was basically a middle-school offense according to the former Georgia standout.
Now they're winging the ball all over the place to different weapons and featuring Gurley heavily in the passing game. The fans aren't all over this team as a successful squad yet, but continued victories will go a long way.
If you win it, they will come. Even in Los Angeles.
They said they had not yet seen the official order but personally agreed with it and believed it would not adversely affect police work.
Justice Ministry deputy permanent secretary Thawatchai Thaikiew said that Prayut issued the order after the ministry presented them a weekly human rights violation report dated August 3 that bringing suspects to press conferences has negative consequences for them. Whether they are finally acquitted of all charges and freed or they are convicted, they would have difficulties adjusting back in society because of the stigma.
The PM's order requires the Royal Thai Police to issue directives to all police across the country not to bring suspects to press conferences, Thawatchai said, adding the police can only announce achievements.
Thawatchai said the suspects exposed during press conferences face adverse consequences because society may not accept them back and this could force them into committing more crimes.
A senior police source said the police always respect human rights and law. Before calling a press conference, police give papers for the suspects to sign their consent to be present at a press conference. The police would not bring the suspects to any press conference without their consent, they said.
Backing the previous practice, the source said, “On the contrary, showing faces of suspects is part of a warning for society to be vigilant of criminal elements.”
The American military does a lot of work in the field of biomimicry, stealing designs from nature for use in new technology. After all, if you're going to design a robot, where better to draw inspiration than from billions of years of evolution? The latest result of these efforts is the GhostSwimmer: The Navy's underwater drone designed to look and swim like a real fish, and a liability to spook the bejeezus out of any beach goer who's familiar with Jaws.
The new gizmo, at five feet long and nearly 100 pounds, is about the size of an albacore tuna but looks more like a shark, at least from a distance. It's part of an experiment to explore the possibilities of using biomimetic, unmanned, underwater vehicles, and the Navy announced it wrapped up testing of the design last week.
The robot uses its tail for propulsion and control, like a real fish. It can operate in water as shallow as 10 inches or dive down to 300 feet. It can be controlled remotely via a 500-foot tether, or swim independently, periodically returning to the surface to communicate. Complete with dorsal and pectoral fins, the robofish is stealthy too: It looks like a fish and moves like a fish, and, like other underwater vehicles, is difficult to spot even if you know to look for it.
Office of Naval Research
Office of Naval Research
Down the line, it could be used for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions, when it's not assigned to more mundane tasks like inspecting the hulls of friendly ships. Animal lovers will be glad to hear that the GhostSwimmer could take the jobs of the bottlenose dolphins and California sea lions the Navy currently trains spotting underwater mines and recover equipment.
The GhostSwimmer joins the ranks of animal-based awesome/creepy robots like the "Cheetah" that can run at nearly 30 mph, the Stickybot that climbs like a gecko, and the cockroach-inspired iSprawl that can cover 7.5 feet per second. And it may get a baby brother: The Department of Homeland Security has been funding development of a similar, smaller robot called the BIOSwimmer.
True to military form, there's a whole suite of acronyms to go along with the new toy: The UUV (unmanned underwater vehicle) has been in testing at the JEBLC-FS (Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story), and was developed by the CRIC (Chief of Naval Operations Rapid Innovation Cell) project, called Silent NEMO (actually, this one doesn't seem to stand for anything). It was developed by the Advanced Systems Group at Boston Engineering, a Navy contractor that specializes in the development of robotics, unmanned systems and something called "special tactical equipment". The company and Navy haven't said much about when GhostSwimmer might be deployed or how much it would cost, but next time you're at the beach and see a fin sticking out of the water, it might be a killer shark—or it might just be a Navy robot.
Back when I started in the news business, at the end of the stone age of typewriters and moveable type, the game seemed a lot more straightforward. When a company or organization had something to report, it whipped up a news release and sent it out on the wire.
It was especially true of bad news, which was always "good news" for reporters. When a company fired 1,000 people, they reported it and then we reported it.
Not so much any more.
That's why the recent RBC outsourcing fiasco was so unusual, revealing and, for many Canadians, infuriating.
The story centred on about 50 IT workers who found their jobs outsourced and themselves fired. It got to be news only because it was outrageous: the soon-to-be fired employees had to train foreign workers, brought into the country by a third party outsourcing.
The CBC broke the story and it spread like wildfire, only to have RBC fan the flames with its clueless attempts at spin control.
Chances are that if and when you get fired, even as part of a massive layoff, that your dismissal will not make the news. It will not get reported by the company, except perhaps as a line item special charge for "reorganization" or some other euphemism.
Corporate Canada was watching as RBC flailed around amidst the firestorm of its own creation. You have to know everyone was taking notes. Publicly traded companies will be far more careful on farming out jobs. The hiring of foreign workers is going to plummet. Especially after the federal government this week was embarrassed into changing the rules governing their use.
The foreign worker "problem" is solved and we can all go back to sleep.
But of course we can't.
If we sit idly by and do nothing, Canada will continue to undergo the same hollowing out that the U.S. has suffered through. Good paying, middle class jobs will continue to be outsourced to low-wage, foreign countries, never to be seen again.
If you think it is just RBC doing this, think again. Take a look at Manulife Financial, North America's second-largest insurer, which is betting its future on fast-growing Asia.
The company just celebrated a bounce-back year profit-wise, but it is going to be cutting people, although quietly. It admitted a month ago to Waterloo, Ont.'s Record that it is in the midst of layoffs as part of a "global review." Manulife wouldn't say how many people are losing their jobs only that less than 1 per cent of their staff would be hit.
That doesn't sound so bad. Manulife employs 27,500 people, with 8,400 in Canada. Nearly half, 3,800 work around the Waterloo, hence the paper's interest.
We might speculate where those cuts are going to fall. Will it be low-cost, high-growth Asia, or perhaps high-cost, low-growth Canada?
If Manulife wanted to ship jobs overseas, it doesn't even have to bother outsourcing them. Instead, it could in-source them to its growing operations in China, and "nine (other) Asian countries and territories that are amongst the fastest growing in the world," as the CEO describes the company's Far East operations in their letter to shareholders.
Buried in Manulife's 2012 annual report, a mix of self-congratulation, promises of a rosy future and some goal post moving with regards to profit targets, there is buried a tidbit about a $78 million pre-tax restructuring charge for severance related to the company's Organizational Design Project. Project Organization Design (it sounds catchier that way) aims "to broaden the spans of control (make of that what you will) and reduce the number of layers in the organization." Unless you are planning to charter a swanky goodbye ocean cruise for the laid off, $78-million is a whack of money to whack people.
Manulife stated in its 2012 annual report that Project Organizational Design "started in 2012 and (is) expected to be completed in 2013." You have got to believe that an ongoing, long-lasting effort "to broaden the spans of control and reduce the number of layers in the organization" is a bit of a morale killer.
Actually, you can see for yourself at the website layoff.com where a number of (presumably) current and past Manulifers talk about what is going on at the company.
Speaking specifically about its Canadian division, Manulife also promised to: "...continue to make service improvements across the Division through increased automation of customer touch-points, elimination of legacy systems, process improvement initiatives and pursuit of outsourcing and off-shoring opportunities."
Oops. That stuff about outsourcing and off-shoring is clearly Pre-RBC crisis business talk. One wonders how many other big Canadian companies have that sort of suddenly inappropriate corporate language gracing their newly printed annual reports?
Don't expect much talk about boring old Project Organizational Design or outsourcing/off-shoring at Manulife's annual meeting in Toronto, May 2.
Expect to hear a great deal about a fast-growing Asian future for a company that is almost as old as Canada.
And definitely don't expect to hear about Manulife's "Live the life" Mediterranean Cruise from May 12 to 17. The expenses-paid jaunt on the Celebrity Equinox cruise ship to reward the company's high performers. It and sisters of the Solstice Class were named "Best Cruise Ships" by Frommer's 2011, according to the ship's website. Pretty swish.
Ports of call include Barcelona, Florence, Portofino on the Italian Rivera and Villefranche-sur-Mer.
Apparently Manulifers are calling it the "survivors cruise" given the gloom around Project Organizational Design.
It does look like there will be plenty of survivors. The ship carries 2,850 passengers.
Sean Spicer.
Everybody knows that breakfast is the most important meal, a time to stock up on nutrient-rich foods that give us the energy we need to tackle the day. Or, if you're White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, it's a time to chew and swallow 35 sticks of Orbit cinnamon gum.
In an August 2016 profile in the Washington Post, Spicer cops to a gum habit the likes of which we haven't seen since May of 2016:
This is the face of today's Republican Party: The nose is pinched, the hair is sandy blond, the eyes are intense. But all you really need to know can be seen in the mouth. This is where Spicer's talent and nervous energy meet. Watch it open wide enough to inhale their phone as they yell at an editor. Behold its versatility, as they at once chastises Trump for calling Mexicans rapists and murderers while also lauding them for calling attention to the issue of illegal immigration. Even when they are not speaking, it works on overdrive, churning through pieces of Orbit cinnamon gum, which they chew and swallows whole. Notwithstanding their line of work, the man just can't stand a gross-feeling mouth.
“Two and a half packs by noon,” said Spicer. “I talked to my doctor about it, they said it's no problem.”
Of course, Spicer may have simply been offering the paper an “alternative fact”; after all, everybody knows cinnamon is the worst Orbit flavor.
Liberal candidates running in the 2015 federal election have been issued their talking points in a 25-page document marked "confidential" that has been leaked to CBC News.
Although Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau continues to come under fire for a perceived lack of details on policy, the party tells candidates the guide is not an election document.
"It is not a campaign platform but rather an internal reference tool intended to provide reactive messaging to respond to questions on the ground."
The guide titled What We Stand For outlines the party's position on a range of issues from economic policy to foreign affairs and defence.
Candidates are told to use the talking points if they need to comment on party policy or prep for interviews, but the document is short on details and missing key party positions.
For instance, while candidates are reminded that "current and Liberal MPs are committed to vote in support of a woman's right to choose," the document does not say what position the party will take on prostitution or euthanasia.
Missing from the document is any mention of the party's position on the Canadian military mission against ISIS in Iraq or the party's position on marijuana.
At the bottom of each page is the date 08-12-2014 — "the date the content was last updated."
Candidates are assured "this document is ongoing and will be continually updated" as the election nears.
"As new policy positions become available, if current positions require updating, or if we receive the same questions from candidates regarding the messaging."
The party suggests candidates keep the document in a "three-ring binder" and store it in a "safe" place.
Candidates who "inadvertently misplace" their binders are asked to email the party "as soon as possible."
DISCLAIMER: Always comply with local, state, federal, and international law. The Outdoors Trader does not become involved in transactions between parties. Review our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for more information. Always comply with local, state, federal, and international law. The Outdoors Trader does not become involved in transactions between parties. Review ourandfor more information.
Item has been relisted, you can find the new listing at: https://www.theoutdoorstrader.com/threads/ft-glock-19-gen4-fde.1169747/ FT Glock 19 gen4 FDECommerce30529Trade OnlyG30s/sf9mmNoNoI have a gen4 G19 in FDEThree magsNo boxDim night sightsThe slide finish on the gen4's doesn't seem as durableIt had considerable wear on it from carryHasn't been shot 100 times yet (no smiley)I polished the slide and now looks like satin stainlessI just prefer the feel of the G30s/sf betterMight also consider trading towards a lightweight 1911Must be FTF in the commerce/ Athens areaThanks for looking
Centre back can't wait to meet up with squad...
Tottenham Hotspur defender Michael Dawson intends to grab their World Cup opportunity with both hands after replacing injured England skipper Rio Ferdinand Dawson, 26, was originally cut from manager Fabio Capello's provisional 30-man squad on Tuesday. But the Manchester United's centre-back's knee injury has seen them handed a second chance to play in the tournament and they will fly out to South Africa tonight.Speaking to Spurs' official website, Dawson expressed their sympathy for Ferdinand."It's a crazy game and things can change in a split second," Dawson said."One minute I'm trying to arrange my holiday, then I get a call asking if I was on holiday because Rio had pulled out of training. I said ‘no' and then I was just waiting by the phone before getting a call saying I would be picked up in an hour."It's been a crazy day. For Rio to get injured, there would be no worse feeling for them as a player. To miss the biggest tournament in the world as the captain, I feel for him."I missed the Carling Cup final in 2008, and there was nothing anyone could have said to me that could have made me feel any better. For Rio, the feeling will be the same, but it's a chance for me now.
Big blow | England will miss their captain
Become a fan of Goal.com UK's Facebook fan page for all the latest news and insight into everything related to the beautiful game!
"I've not had time to think about it but I've had call after call with people wishing me good luck."I know all the lads through having been with them for two weeks so I'll just be going out there and training as normal."I was planning to watch the first game of the tournament with my friends and family, but now I'm going to be there for real."I'll be going out there still having not yet won a senior cap, so where better place to get one if that was to happen. But I'll just go there and train like I do every day at Spurs and we'll have to see what happens."It's great to have four other Spurs lads out there as well."
Jim Zylstra to be speaker at 64th annual FUN show in Orlando for WIN
“A 20 minute power-point on the subject of bride-price in primitive money comes to mind. The social standards of that time were distinctly patriarchal and might make for some interesting discussion. I shall try to leave time for questions, as I am sure some may have questions or at least comments!
Mr. Zylstra has been exhibiting, judging, writing and speaking on numismatics for about ten years. At the 2018 MSNS Fall Convention, they received a 1st place for the exhibit, “Primitive Money from the Democratic Republic of Congo,” as well as having that exhibit named Adult Exhibit of the Year, for which they received a scholarship to the ANA Summer Seminar.  They are also the 2016 recipient of the CSNS 2nd place Elston G. Bradford/Roland W. Finner Literary Award. They have just completed a book entitled: Primitive Money of Africa: Tales and Details. Plans are to retire in a few years.
Congratulations to the following Women In Numismatic members who were recently recognized at the 2018 ANA World's Fair of Money in Philadelphia for their outstanding contributions to numismatics:
Cindy Wibker received the 2018 Farran Zerbe award which is the highest honor conferred by the ANA and is given in recognition of numerous years of outstanding, dedicated service to numismatics. The recipient should be an individual who has rendered numerous years of outstanding service to the ANA as well as the field of numismatics. The nominee should be a former Medal of Merit and Glenn Smedley Memorial Award recipient. This award is limited to members of the ANA.
Prue Fitts received the Elvira Clain-Steffanelli award for Achievement in Numismatics was established and first given in 2013 to honor women who have made significant contributions to numismatics. These contributions, whether in research, leadership or mentorship, must have made a lasting impact on the numismatic community and demonstrated a lifelong commitment to the betterment of numismatics.
Mark Lighterman received the ANA lifetime achievement award for making outstanding contributions to organized numismatics. The recipient should be an individual, family, firm or judicial entity that has achieved extraordinary accomplishments in the field of numismatics and should have a strong record of professional involvement in the industry.
Bob Fritsch received the Joseph Boling award for excellence in numismatic judging
Michael Shutterly received the Women in Numismatics exhibiting award for Remember the Ladies for the best exhibit demonstrating an aspect of the roles of women in numismatics; as representational images, artists, producers, scholars, collectors, etc.
Abby Zechman received the ANA's Outstanding Young Numismatist of the Year award and for winning Best in Show for their exhibit. This award honors young collectors for outstanding contributions to the hobby and industry. Recipients should exhibit a positive attitude, strong communication skills, cooperation, dependability and avid interest in expanding their numismatic knowledge.
Louise Boling received the WIN Gloria Peters Literary Award for the best article published in Winning Ways during the previous calendar year for their article, “A Novel Way to Display a Collection: Jack L. Boling – A Life in Stitches.”
Cindy's been described as “never meeting a stranger” and “always seeing the good in everything.” They don't know if this optimism is a learned behavior or if they inherited it, but they say that this outlook makes waking up every day a true blessing!
The January Florida United Numismatists show is one of the biggest and best coin conventions in the world, and the summer FUN show is gaining momentum. Much of this success can be attributed to the hard work of Cindy Wibker, easily recognized by their orange FUN shirt and big smile. READ Entire Article HERE at COINWORLD.COM
Women in numismatics unite in 1991 to WIN: Form the Memory Bank
Hobby organization marks 25 years in 2016
By Beth Deisher , Special to Coin World
Published : 07/12/16
Numismatic collectibles, both as a hobby and a business, has been and remains a predominately male domain, about 90 percent male and 10 percent female.
But that statistic does not begin to tell this story.
As the last decade of the 20th century dawned, it was evident that women were increasingly visible both in participation and leadership within the numismatic community in the United States. Click HERE for the rest of the story!
Newman Numismatic Portal Scans Winning Ways
Women in Numismatics (WIN, founded in 1991) has published Winning Ways since 1992, and the issues from 1992 – 2007 are now available on the Newman Portal. Additional issues will be posted in due course. The U.S. Mint Engraver Elizabeth Jones was an early supporter of WIN and created the club logo, which first appeared in the third issue. Early writers for Winning Ways included Q. David Bowers, and Ken Bressett, who held forth in The Bibliophile column. The Newman Portal acknowledges Charmy Harker, WIN President, and Dave Heinrich, Winning Ways Editor, for their assistance with this project.
Link to Winning Ways on the Newman Portal: https://nnp.wustl.edu/library/publisherdetail/511837
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. -- A 13-year-old Washington girl took their own life after their father recorded a video of them punishing her, sparking a debate over public shaming videos posted online by parents.
On Saturday, Izabel Laxamana got out of a car and jumped from a highway overpass, landing on Interstate 5 below, police said. They were rushed to a local hospital where they later died.
The suicide came after a 15-second video showing their father questioning Laxamana after cutting off their hair as punishment for unspecified behavior was shared online.
"The consequences of getting messed up?" the father says for the camera as they pan from their daughter's face to a pile of hair lying at their feet. "Man, you lost all that beautiful hair. Was it worth it?"
"No," Laxamana says.
"How many times did I warn you?"
"Twice," they say quietly.
While many have criticized the father online, police say they didn't upload the video and that it wasn't meant to be published.
"She was a 13-year-old that made some poor choices, meaning that they didn't have to kill herself," Tacoma Public Information Officer Loretta Cool told the New York Daily news. Police believe an unidentified third party uploaded the video, thinking it would help.
While their father may have intended the video to be a personal reminder for their daughter's eyes only, their suicide has prompted a larger debate over the public punishments that can haunt children online -- years after they broke the rules.
Board certified child and adolescent psychiatrist Dr. Jodi Gold told WPIX if you are at a loss as to how to best help your bulled child, the first step is to make sure you're not part of the problem.
A Facebook page, "Justice For Izabel," decries Laxamana's punishment and the shaming of other children.
Media playback is not supported on this device Formula 1: Fernando Alonso insists Ferrari must improve
Fernando Alonso says a redesigned Ferrari car must give the team a major step forward at the next race in Spain if they are to fight for the title.
The double champion, whose car has been uncompetitive so far this year, has this week tested revised rear bodywork, which is part of a major upgrade.
"We were on average 0.8-0.9 seconds off the top guys in the first four races," they said.
"We need to reduce this immediately if we want to fight for the championship."
Alonso added: "Barcelona is one of the most important steps we have to do. We must do it."
The new bodywork, which also features a revised exhaust position, is just the first step in a series of upgrades due on the Ferrari.
New front and rear wings and a revised diffuser are also due for the Spanish Grand Prix on 13-15 May before further changes at the subsequent races in Canada and Valencia. Monaco is between Spain and Canada.
Alonso has won widespread praise for some superb driving that has enabled them to be fifth in the championship, only 10 points off Red Bull's leader Sebastian Vettel, after the first four races, despite having an uncompetitive car.
Analysis "The upgrades Ferrari introduced in Mugello are definitely an improvement. It looks like a reasonable step forward - you could be looking at 0.2 seconds a lap, possibly more. The exhausts and sidepods are much more conventional now. There is nothing too exciting about the exhaust exits but the 'coke-bottle' is a lot tidier than it was. There is still some upper rear bodywork sticking out into that area but not anywhere near as much as before. There is no exhaust interference, and while they're struggling with the car it is better to get rid of that for now and go in search of the bigger gains they need. Before, they were chasing the smaller gains from the exhaust but losing much more by compromising overall performance. One reason there is still some bodywork there is that Ferrari are also using that area as an exit for the air from the radiators."
They have qualified no higher than ninth, having struggled to get into the final top-10 shoot-out in all races, yet they won in mixed conditions in Malaysia and scored points in Australia, China and Bahrain.
They said after testing the upgrade at Mugello in Italy: "We know there is no magic button that in Barcelona we will be on pole position because everybody will improve their cars as well, but we need to reduce this gap.
"Barcelona has to be the first step, in Canada the second step, Valencia third and then be close to them.
"We cannot be fighting for Q3 if we want to be fighting for the championship.
"We are curious to see how much we can improve the car and how much the others improve theirs and hopefully our step is bigger."
The new Ferrari design makes the rear bodywork, in front of and between the rear wheels, much more tightly waisted than before.
It has the benefit of less bodywork obstructing the critical 'coke-bottle' area at the rear, where the bodywork sweeps inwards towards the back of the car.
It also moves the exhaust exits further into the centre of the car, abandoning attempts to gain an aerodynamic benefit from blowing them at the area where the rear wheels meet the floor in an attempt to 'seal' the diffuser and increase downforce.
All teams have been exploring different exhaust positions in an attempt to recover performance lost to the ban on exhaust-blown diffusers - last year's must-have technology, where teams boosted downforce by blowing exhaust gases along the rear floor of the cars even when the driver was off the throttle.
Alonso said the evidence of the first four races, in which cars with very different exhaust designs have been competitive at different times, suggested continuing to chase this area was a waste of time.
"It is not important any more which [exhaust] position you choose and how you manage the position," they said, adding: "I think this year we cannot lose even five minutes on this and there are bigger areas on the car we need to improve and we try to do it."
Alonso set the third fastest time on the final day of the Mugello test, despite an excursion off track in the morning which broke the car's front wing.
They ended up 0.328 seconds slower than pace-setter Romain Grosjean of Lotus. They were split by Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel.
Grosjean's fastest time was one minute 21.035 seconds - 0.232secs quicker than Vettel.
McLaren were the only team not to use their race drivers at the test, preferring to employ test drivers Gary Paffett and Oliver Turvey, instead of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button.
Red Bull have an upgrade package for the Spanish Grand Prix, but in Mugello were focusing on set-up work with an aim to better understand the 2012 Pirelli tyres.
Lotus also focused on tyre assessment, as well as trying out some aerodynamic and suspension changes to the car.
Grosjean's time was set in the afternoon, when conditions were windier than the morning, when Vettel and Alonso set their fastest laps, although Alonso also got close to their best time later in the day.
Lotus were pleased with the performance of the car. Trackside operations director Alan Permane said they were "flying - it's really good to be able to do 21.0 in the windier afternoon".
Sen. Bernard Sanders has not put their campaign out to pasture just yet. The former presidential hopeful and self-described socialist has already formed “Our Revolution,” a new nonprofit with a clear mission to push back at GOP nominee Donald Trump and further the progressive cause. But that may not be enough to satisfy their fans, who continue to show their support, march in the streets and vow they will never support Hillary Clinton.
The Libertarian Party is standing at the ready. The opportunity to pick up a few disenchanted “Sander-nistas” is not lost on Libertarian National Committee chairperson Nicholas Sarwark, who is now coaching their fellow libertarians on the art of political wooing.
“Many of us have Bernie-supporting Democratic friends who are feeling pretty jaded right now,” Mr. Sarwark advises in a formal tutorial. “They just worked so hard for a candidate they believed in and have come face to face with the corruption and rigging of their party process. They feel disenfranchised, disrespected and maybe just politically homeless
“Let's try to welcome them — and their votes — to the Libertarian Party. Bernie supporters don't see every issue the way we do, and that is OK,” Mr. Sarwark continues. “We can keep talking to them. Right now, we need for a lot of people who are searching for political options to feel comfortable enough with us to vote for our presidential nominee Gary Johnson this fall. Acknowledge their sense of betrayal. Encourage them to vote with courage.”
If the effort succeeds, it could yield more votes for Mr. Johnson in upcoming national polls. Currently, the candidate has picked up as much as 13 percent of the vote against Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. To qualify to appear at those all-important sanctioned presidential debates in September, Mr. Johnson needs at least 15 percent. The libertarian contingent may help them do that.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
CHS reported it is working with Mandiant, an information security company, to investigate the incident and help prevent future attacks. Community already has removed the malware from its network and finalized remediation efforts. Federal law enforcement agents also are investigating the incident, which Community discovered last month and which it believes occurred in April and June.The chain notified affected patients and is offering them identity theft protection services. Community said it carries cyber and privacy liability insurance for this purpose.This year, said Michael “Mac” McMillan, CEO of CynergisTek, there has been a spike in hacking activity directed at hospitals. Such activity hasn't been publicly disclosed because hacks were stopped before data was compromised, they said. CynergisTek is an Austin, Texas,-based security consulting firm,“I know at least a half a dozen or so hacks against hospitals we work with where the data wasn't transferred, but it still caused a lot of disruption. But it wasn't a HIPAA issue, so it didn't get reported.Hospitals are “going to become a bigger and bigger target as the hacking community figures out it's easier to hack a hospital than it is to hack a bank and you get the same information,” McMillan said. “I'm not sure healthcare is listening yet.”The Community Health breach has not yet been posted on the public “wall of shame” website , kept by the Office for Civil Rights at HHS since 2009 under the mandate of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.Officials at the civil rights office, which has federal enforcement authority for HIPAA violations, were unavailable for comment at deadline.If the CHS breach makes the list, it will be the second largest of 1,083 breaches and by far the largest attributed to hackers.The law requires that breaches involving 500 or more individuals be publicly posted. Such larger breaches thus far have exposed the records of nearly 33.8 million individuals. In addition, through March 1 of this year, there have been about 116,000 breaches involving fewer than 500 individuals' records each, according to the OCR.Hacks leading to breaches are fairly rare but they tend to be more calamitous than the average breach on the OCR's public list.There are 76 breaches, or 7% of the total reported major breaches on the civil-rights office's list, that have been attributed to a “hacking/IT incident,” but they account for 9% of all records exposed.The average hacking breach involved 38,718 records, compared with 31,185 records for the average breach overall, with the median hack affecting 2,821 records compared with 2,350 for all breaches.Heretofore, the dubious distinction of worst hack on the civil-rights office list went to the Utah Department of Technology Services, whose servers carrying more than three quarters of a million records of the beneficiaries of the Utah Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program were breached in 2012 by hackers “believed to be operating out of Eastern Europe .”The breach cost the state Department of Health $3.4 million , with other triggered systems improvements pushing the total cost up to $9 million, the Salt Lake Tribune reported.But the Community Health System attack set a new standard and may be a harbinger of hacks already occurring behind closed doors throughout the healthcare industry, privacy and security experts such as McMillian agree.“This appears to be a crime of opportunity in which attackers penetrate a system for one type of information, such as IP, but in the process find they also have access to highly marketable PII (personally identifiable information),” said Stephen Cobb of ESET, an IT security firm based in Bratislava, Slovakia, with North American headquarters in San Diego. “The existence of thriving underground markets in all forms of stolen data enables cyber-criminals to efficiently monetize such opportunities.”“That's the worst hack I've ever heard about,” said Pam Dixon, executive director of the World Privacy Forum, a San Diego based not-for-profit advocacy group. “They pulled out exactly what they wanted to pull out. They can create new credit cards with these identities and won't get dinged and they can go commit crimes with those identities,” such as human trafficking, Dixon said.McMillan said an advanced persistent threat, the threat type cited by Community in its breach, “is a particular malware that never seems to go away.”“It's out there in the environment,” McMillan said. “It's usually launched by botnets,” Internet-connected networks of computers often used by hackers.“It's constantly out there. Depending on who released it and whatever its payload might be, it's looking for vulnerable systems. It's advanced in the sense that it can do real damage … it's got multiple capabilities to do harm.”Follow Beth Kutscher on Twitter: @MHbkutscher Follow Joseph Conn on Twitter: @MHJConn
After more than five years, a long-delayed disciplinary hearing, a finding of misconduct, an appeal and now a decision from the Ontario Civilian Police Commission, Toronto police Const. Vincent Wong has been found guilty of wrongfully arresting Jay Wall during the G20 summit. Their penalty remains a one-day suspension without pay.
Jason Wall accepted a settlement in a lawsuit against Toronto police for their treatment during the G20, as well as appealing a judgment that handed the officer who arrested them a one-day suspension. The decision has since been upheld. ( VINCE TALOTTA / TORONTO STAR )
Wong, a 13-year veteran of the Toronto force, was first sentenced in March 2014 by former judge Walter Gonet, who found Wong guilty of misconduct for arresting Wall during the June 2010 G20 Summit. Wall was detained for more than 24 hours, then released with no charge after they were arrested en route to a church event. They had been wearing a bandana at the time of their arrest; Wong says they apprehended Wall on orders from upper command that anyone wearing a bandana, a gas mask or goggles was “arrestable.” Calling Wall's arrest the result of “egregious conduct,” the hearing officer, Gonet, ruled Wong did not have reasonable or probable grounds to make the arrest and sentenced them to the one-day suspension without pay.
Article Continued Below
Saying the penalty is inadequate and does not reflect the seriousness of the misconduct, Wall appealed the sentence. Wong appealed, too, calling the sentence “harsh and excessive.” Their lawyers had argued that a reasonable punishment for Wong — who has an otherwise unblemished record — would be a reprimand. Wong also appealed the misconduct ruling. But the Ontario Civilian Police Commission, the body that hears appeals of disciplinary tribunals under the province's Police Services Act, upheld the sentence and the guilty finding. The commission found errors in Gonet's ruling, but nonetheless concluded the arrest was unlawful and the sentence sufficient. “While their penalty decision could be criticized for brevity or for failing to more clearly articulate the factors taken into account in the discussion, we find the penalty ultimately to be reasonable,” the commission wrote in its decision, issued Aug. 18.
The decision may not be the final chapter in a drawn-out case, however. Wall or Wong could bring an application for judicial review to the Divisional Court, if either wants to attempt to overturn the decision. Wong's lawyers, Alan Gold and Melanie Webb, could not be reached for comment.
Article Continued Below
Toronto police spokesperson Mark Pugash would not comment on the Wong case while there is a possibility of further hearings. But speaking generally, they said that when the G20 tribunals began, former chief Bill Blair took the “extraordinary” step of bringing in outside judges to hear the cases, to ensure officers were held accountable. Wall said they are pleased with the decision to uphold Wong's conviction, but maintains that the one-day suspension is too light a penalty. “When a police officer makes an unlawful arrest and acts with such disregard for civil liberties, their ability to effectively do their job should seriously be evaluated,” Wall said in an email. “Injustices will undoubtedly continue to flow from the hands of the police until the accountability system begins holding them to a much higher standard.” Wendy Gillis can be reached at wgillis@thestar.ca
Ziyad K. admitted to the charges late in the trial, after initially refusing to make a statement to the court.
The court found that they had almost strangled one of the women to death during an attack at the Ruhr University Bochum. When assaulting them in August, they wrapped a shoelace around their throat and threatened them with a stick so that they would not move.
The 22-year-old victim, who flew back from Beijing for the proceedings, told the court: “I thought I was going to die.”
Police arrested the man after a friend of one of the victims took a picture of them lurking behind a bush in the same spot that they had attacked them
Evidence gathered at the crime scenes linked their DNA to both victims, leading the court to the near certain conclusion that they were the attacker, Der Westen reports.
“Eleven years is a very hefty sentence. But it is the price for what you have done to these blameless victims,” said judge Volker Talarowski.
“We haven't put refugees in general on trial. We have put on trial a man who was an asylum seeker, and we judged their guilt based on the evidence in this case, no more and no less.”
The 32-year-old defendant arrived in Germany in 2015 with their wife and two children after fleeing from Iraq.
The man was arrested in November shortly after a teenage asylum seeker from Afghanistan was arrested for the rape and murder of a young woman in Freiburg.
Critics of the government said that Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door refugee policy was to blame for the assaults. But Merkel rounded on critics, calling the attacks “terrible isolated incidents."
"The fact that some people want to exploit them is something we have to withstand and defend ourselves against," they said in December.
Episode 42.1 Dave turns 50! Usually on these celebratory occasions - or when they do a show alone, as they are this time - then it's an indulgent episode. But NO, for this one Dave gives in to indulgence and returns the favour to boss of Transcending Obscurity Records by promoting the label sampler for 2019. Though there's a minor indulgence toward the end, and during the show Dave spins a demo version of a track from triple-fronted death metal monsters TROIKADON. This song only features Kam Lee on vocals (Karl and Dave have yet to record their parts) so listen in and get a taster of what is to come. Dave has now become one of the Great Old Ones. Watch out for tentacles. Remember, we no longer post repeat episodes in iTunes (only new content) so follow us on Facebook for regular updates: www.facebook.com/metalbreakfastradio INFO, ARCHIVE & GENERAL COCKING ABOUT: www.darksentinel.dk/mbr.html INSTAGRAM, TWITTER & SNAPCHAT: @MetalBreakfast FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/MetalBreakfastRadio PayPal Donations gratefully accepted: Lapdog1@mac.com listen...
Episode 42.0 “….a haggis.” This years Xmas MBR sees us being hosted in a new venue which is Bob's work. Thanks go to 4Sound! Dave, Kent and Bob are joined by 2 guests this year, and one of them might be very familiar to MBR listeners. Indeed it is Calum, our Scottish buddy who has brought much merriment to the show with their playlists, and of whom we've spoken about aplenty over the years. They bring their band mate, Dibnah - apparently pronounced “David.” The two Scot thots are over in Scandinavia playing some shows with their band Vuil (listen to the show for pronunciation etiquette) and we managed to toss their cabers hard enough for them to join us for a night. And what a night it was! There's a preview of the Ursinne Xmas charity single, and if you would be so kind to donate to the Many Tears Animal Shelter then go visit: https://ursinne.bandcamp.com/album/xmas-charity-tracks you freeloading bastards. Remember, we no longer post repeat episodes in iTunes (only new content) so follow us on Facebook for regular updates: www.facebook.com/metalbreakfastradio INFO, ARCHIVE & GENERAL COCKING ABOUT: www.darksentinel.dk/mbr.html INSTAGRAM, TWITTER & SNAPCHAT: @MetalBreakfast FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/MetalBreakfastRadio PayPal Donations gratefully accepted: Lapdog1@mac.com Also Scottish blowjobs. listen...
Episode 41.9 “Vodka!” Here's a new show that was recorded several months ago and has sat festering in the MBR archives awaiting to receive a bloody good editing. Well, that's just what it got because the boys were somewhat drunk on this one (except Bob, coz he's a swot) as they had been recording an episode previously to this. And obviously beer was involved. Dave, Kent and Swotty Bob bring a selection of submitted bands, and a few tracks of indulgence, while Mark does their business in the middle of the show. Hopefully one of the lads brought a mop and bucket. Remember, we no longer post repeat episodes in iTunes (only new content) so follow us on Facebook for regular updates: www.facebook.com/metalbreakfastradio INFO, ARCHIVE & GENERAL COCKING ABOUT: www.darksentinel.dk/mbr.html INSTAGRAM, TWITTER & SNAPCHAT: @MetalBreakfast FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/MetalBreakfastRadio PayPal Donations gratefully accepted: Lapdog1@mac.com listen...
Episode 41.8 “…that's what religion is…” This episode was made during another eleventh hour AND brings you something special. Two record labels - Slaughterhouse Records and Raw Skull Records - fight it out with their bands on the show. Who will win? Listen in, then YOU get to vote! Simply listen to the show then vote by leaving a comment on either the MBR Facebook page, or over on RadioFreeSatan.com at this episode's post, saying which of the two labels you choose. Full details are given on the show. We'll give it a couple of weeks to total up votes and will let you know the winner. Remember, we no longer post repeat episodes in iTunes (only new content) so follow us on Facebook for regular updates: www.facebook.com/metalbreakfastradio INFO, ARCHIVE & GENERAL COCKING ABOUT: www.darksentinel.dk/mbr.html INSTAGRAM, TWITTER & SNAPCHAT: @MetalBreakfast FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/MetalBreakfastRadio PayPal Donations gratefully accepted: Lapdog1@mac.com listen...
Episode 41.7 “Your flesh is weak…” A Motorhead tribute episode. Warlock David Ingram here! Firstly, many apologies for the lack of new content from MBR. This has all been my fault, due to me being very busy while away playing live shows with Just Before Dawn. Myself, Bob and Kent are now endeavouring to make sure we get back on track as soon as we can align our varied schedules. Now, this particular episode has been several months in the making, and we didn't want to rush things. A tribute to Motorhead can cover a lot of ground, and we certainly do. This includes some tracks that might be a surprise to some of our regular listeners, but well worth the listen if, like us, you love the progenitors of heavy metal…Motor-fuckin'-head! Bite the bullet, baby. Remember, we no longer post repeat episodes in iTunes (only new content) so follow us on Facebook for regular updates: www.facebook.com/metalbreakfastradio INFO, ARCHIVE & GENERAL COCKING ABOUT: www.darksentinel.dk/mbr.html INSTAGRAM, TWITTER & SNAPCHAT: @MetalBreakfast FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/MetalBreakfastRadio PayPal Donations gratefully accepted: Lapdog1@mac.com listen...
Loading ... Loading ...
In a case that's drawn criticism from multiple angles, last week federal prosecutors dropped all charges against a Washington man who allegedly downloaded child pornography from a website that was infiltrated, taken over, and allegedly even improved by the FBI.
The site, Playpen, operated on a platform designed to mask the real identities of its users, as Gizmodo explained Monday:
“The site in question operated on the Tor network, a system used to anonymize web activity. The network makes use of a special web browser that conceals people's identities and location by routing their internet connections through a complex series of computers and encrypting data in the process.”
The feds first targeted Playpen back in February of 2015. About a year later, the Washington Post ran a piece outlining the FBI's methods in going after pedophiles. Using suspect “Pewter” as an example, the paper described how the feds' operation worked:
“The agency, with a warrant, surreptitiously placed computer code, or malware, on all computers that logged into the Playpen site. When Pewter connected, the malware exploited a flaw in their browser, forcing their computer to reveal its true Internet protocol address. From there, a subpoena to Comcast revealed their real name and address.”
The case, United States v. Jay Michaud, is one of around 200 that resulted from the FBI's Playpen operation. Regardless of the manner in which the evidence against Michaud was collected — which drew staunch criticism — a lack of it wasn't the reason the charges were dropped.
The reason, as was made clear in a court filing last Friday, is that the FBI would rather let Michaud walk free than reveal its tactics in open court.
“The government must now choose between the disclosure of classified information and dismissal of its indictment,” federal prosecutor Annette Hayes explained in the filing. “Disclosure is not currently an option. Dismissal without prejudice leaves open the possibility that the government could bring new charges should there come a time within the statute of limitations when and (if) the government (should) be in a position to provide the requested discovery.”
That's right. The federal government is letting a potential child predator back out onto the streets so it doesn't have to reveal its law enforcement methods.
Some, such as Zachary Goldman, executive director of the Center on Law and Security, argue that the FBI supplying the court with its techniques would ostensibly weaken its ability to enforce the law.
The adjunct NYU professor told Gizmodo the fact the charges against Michaud are being dropped “doesn't mean that the F.B.I.'s investigation was unjust or unjustified,” and that it actually proves the agency is “placing paramount importance on preserving the ability to use this technique in the future.”
Attorney Zachary Margulis-Ohnuma, who has represented some of the defendants in the Playpen investigation, disagrees. They say the FBI's dragnet-style approach violated citizens' Fourth Amendment protections against unlawful search and seizure.
“In law enforcement situations, some people have the mentality that ends justify the means,” Margulis-Ohnuma said, referring to the news about Michaud. “I do not think they would have done this in a drug case. They wouldn't mail out drugs to hundreds of people. I think because child pornography is so heinous, they bend the rules.”
Many feel the government should have shut Playpen down the second it took it over. The feds, however, went in another direction. Once the FBI was in control, a federal attorney in North Carolina says, it made the site run better.
In a motion to have charges against a Playpen client thrown out, assistant defender Peter Adolf claimed the government improved the Playpen service in order to draw in more customers — in other words, people they were planning to arrest:
“Indeed, government agents worked hard to upgrade the website's capability to distribute large amounts of child pornography quickly and efficiently, resulting in more users receiving more child pornography faster than they ever did when the website was running ‘illegally.'”
Adolf claimed Playpen membership grew by 30 percent during the two weeks under FBI control and that average weekly visitors rose from around 11,000 to somewhere closer to 50,000. They also claim in the motion that during that two-week period, “approximately 200 videos, 9,000 images, and 13,000 links to child pornography were posted on the site.”
Editor's Note: I would offer the alternate possibility that certain names that are not supposed to be talked about likely came up in the investigation, which then triggered them to shut down the operation. Which by the way means that the now new and improved child pornography website, optimized by the FBI, and all of its HD content, again, thanks to the FBI, is likely being used elsewhere. Not to mention the ONE individual (out of 50,000 visitors in the last month,) the FBI was actually going to arrest, for verifiably viewing and distributing child porn, is now walking free doing God knows what. All so they could “maintain the secrecy of their methods.” Sure seems like they have our best interest in mind, and not their ambition.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Jae Crowder reacted emotionally on Twitter after the Celtics 115-104 win over the Utah Jazz on January 3rd. Crowder was upset because the fans cheered on Gordon Hayward, and they know Hayward could potentially come in and take their spot. However, I think Crowder and Hayward can work together to make the Celtics great.
On January 3rd, we saw Jae Crowder get as frustrated with the fans as we've seen in their career. They were very upset that the Celtic fans cheered for Gordon Hayward, a potential free-agency target this summer, during introductions and throughout the Celtics 115-104 win over the Jazz.
Crowder made it absolutely clear how disappointed they were that the fans were cheering for a guy who could potentially come in and take their spot. They fired off a series of Tweets that didn't sit well with Celtics fans on Twitter.
The next Tweet is the one that caused the most uproar.
It was clear Crowder's emotions got the best of them and according to Brad Stevens, Crowder apologized as soon as they saw them the next day.
“I was somewhat surprised to read what they said and tweeted,” Stevens said. “I told them that this morning because, every day that they come in, you can tell that he's thankful to be a Celtic and every time we have that talk about how you represent Boston as an athlete and how tough you have to be well-liked here, I always thought Jae represented the best of that. The first thing they said was, obviously, they wished they didn't express themselves like that, but we talk all the time about embracing the expectations of being an athlete here in Boston because I do think this city is such a tremendous sports town and offers our guys such an opportunity to grow and feel those banners above us, feel the expectations of being a team-first player then playing as hard as you can. A lot of our guys have embraced that. I don't know that anybody has embraced it as much as Jae over the last few years.”
Thankfully, Crowder's comments didn't seem to upset Stevens or anyone in the Celtics organization, though I'm sure they'll have a conversation with them behind closed doors.
Jae did make it clear, though. They think Hayward would come to Boston to take their spot. I understand it from Crowder's perspective, they stayed loyal to the Celtics by taking a five-year contract extension on a bargain deal in the new cap and now he's facing uncertainty. Crowder knows that Boston wants to acquire a star player with their cap space if they can.
If the Celtics did acquire Gordon Hayward, it would be for them to start, not come off the bench. That thought is definitely a possibility this summer with Hayward's ties to Brad Stevens. Stevens coached Hayward and the Butler Bulldogs to the 2010 National Championship, and the two have remained good friends as they've transitioned to the NBA. Hayward would instantly fill something the Celtics need, another player who can score and take over games. The Celtics would then have a big three of sorts with IT, Al Horford and Hayward, which I think instantly vaults Boston into contention for the top spot in the East. The Celtics have great depth and with Stevens coaching ability, they've proved they can defy the odds before.
But back to the main issue, Crowder understands that they and Hayward both like to play small forward and they think that one of them would have to move out of the starting lineup. However, the Celtics can roll out a slightly smaller lineup that puts Hayward at the three and Crowder at power forward. This starting five, along with Isaiah Thomas, Avery Bradley and Al Horford, gives the Celtics a ton of versatility on both sides of the court.
Offensively, Hayward would replace Amir and Johnson and likely dig into Kelly Olynyk's minutes a bit to get them around the 28-32 minute mark a night. Hayward is six foot eight inches and 230 pounds while Johnson is six foot night inches and 240 pounds, so the size difference isn't as much as you would think. Johnson is more of a banger than Hayward, but that's why Crowder would take over the four spot. In this era of basketball, positions don't really matter as much because players are expected to be versatile.
Hayward would make the Celtics offense more dangerous, their presence would mean all five starters on the floor are capable of scoring from deep. Johnson only averages 6.5 points per game in 20.3 minutes per game while Hayward would add 22.4 points per game in 35.3 minutes per game. I would expect Gordon's points per game and minutes to drop slightly, but their efficiency will rise in Boston's offensive system. Hayward also is good at moving the ball, they average about four assists per game and would fit right into the unselfish culture that has been established on offense. Brad Stevens has a knack of putting players in the right positions for them to be successful, and I'm sure they could mold Gordon Hayward into an NBA star (If Jordan Crawford can win player of the week, Hayward can be a top-10 player in the league). With all five starters capable of scoring, Stevens would be able to pick and choose which mismatches they would like to try and exploit on every possession, and that team would undoubtedly become the best offensive team under Stevens so far.
Defensively, it's even better. A quicker and more agile Hayward slides into Johnson's spot. Hayward averages one steal per game and would just add to Boston's ability to create turnovers on defense and turning them into fast break opportunities. Imagine Thomas, Bradley, Hayward and Jaylen Brown running the floor together in transition, it's a complete mismatch. The Celtics the biggest weakness that could be exploited with this lineup is rebounding. Hayward does average six rebounds a game to Johnson's 4.4 though so maybe that weakness is overstated. I would like to see the Celtics fit a rebounding big into their additions, that would fill a big need too.
As I stated above, players that can fill into multiple positions seamlessly are highly sought after in this day and age of the NBA. Crowder and Hayward are both those types of players, which is why I believe playing them alongside each other would generate a lot of success for Boston.
We don't want to lose you Jae, we just want to get banner eighteen. Maybe playing alongside Gordon Hayward is the way to do that.
There are a few ways to get root access on HTC's new lineup of smartphones, but root only gets you so far. If you really want to hack around, you'll want an unlocked bootloader and s-off. That's what you get with the new SunShine tool from Justin Case, Beaups, and associates. This time, however, the free lunch is over.
To use SunShine, you need to be on a device with a stock Sense-based ROM that has been rooted using Towelroot, Weaksauce, or something else. It has been tested on the M8, HTC One Remix, and a few other phones – basically anything HTC has made in the last year or so. You can run SunShine and it will tell you up front if it can unlock your device. Once you get s-off, you can access any part of the internal memory and flash all sorts of dangerous things, even swap out the entire ROM, recovery, and bootloader for something else.
Now for the unusual part – this tool costs $25 per device. You make the payment in the app via PayPal or credit card. Each phone is licensed based on a unique ID so the tool can be used more than once if you go back to s-on for any reason (only on that one device). As for the cost, the SunShine website explains that tools of this nature are not easy to develop anymore. The team has racked up hundreds of hours and killed uncountable devices to make this happen. If the alternative is buying a $700 developer device vs. a $200 on-contract M8, $25 is kind of a steal. I don't see any problem with this personally, but you know how the internet can be.
[SunShine S-Off]
German football was at its peak in the 1970's and no two teams epitomized the Bundesliga's golden era more than Bayern München and Borussia Mönchengladbach. Between 1969 and 1979, Bayern and Gladbach won ten of the eleven league titles and set the standard for the rest of the league. In those years, both teams played many legendary matches against each other and few were better than their meeting on the last matchday of the Hinrunde in 1973. Before Bayern takes on Gladbach in the last match of the calendar year in the 2012/13 season, we take a look back at a match that symbolized not only the rivalry between these two great sides but also the peak of German football in general in a match easily considered one of the greatest in Bundesliga history.
Bayern Munich 4
Borussia Mönchengladbach 3
Place: Munich, Olympiastadion
Time: Saturday, 3:30 p.m..
Date: December 8, 1973
Attendance: 70,000
Referee: Engel (Reimsbach)
Prelude
At the beginning of the season most of the attention was on the upcoming World Cup taking place in Germany the following summer. Cities renovated and modernized their stadiums and clubs all wanted to set the best example possible. Still leading the pack ahead of everyone though was Bayern München who were growing by the year on and off the pitch. Their new Olympiastadion increased their capacity and raised profits greatly while on the field the Maier-Beckenbauer-Müller trio dominated the league. Bayern came into the season on the back of consecutive league titles and looked to be the first club in the country to win it three times in a row. They would also reach the European Cup final for the first time that year. The only team that seemed to pose a threat to Bayern's growing hegemony was Gladbach who were the last side to win before them and were also defending Cup champions and UEFA Cup finalists.
It was no surprise then that both started the season with a bang. Bayern went unbeaten in their first seven matches while Gladbach became the most exciting attacking team in the league and simply could not stop scoring even though many thought the departure of their star player Günter Netzer in the summer was expected to be a big loss. That their match up was left for the final game of the calendar year was almost as if scripted and as if everything up to that point was just leading up to this one game. The press and the nation held their breath. Everyone expected a game that lived up to its billing and in the end not a single person was let down. Sure enough, the game turned out to be breathtaking.
The Match
And it was already breathtaking from the beginning with five goals coming in the first 23 minutes! Sepp Maier was forced into a save just a minute into the game. Then Gerd Müller found Franz Roth from the center circle and sent them down the left wing with a pass. The powerful ‘Bulle' rushed forward, beating Gladbach's right back Herbert Wimmer and then sweeper Klaus-Dieter Sieloff with two feints before hammering the ball from a difficult angle past Wolfgang Kleff into the near post. 1-0! A brilliant start to a brilliant game!
But Borussia's answer followed 60 seconds later. Jupp Heynckes hit a through ball to overlapping full back Herbert Wimmer on the right wing, Bernd Dürnberger deflected the ball in an unfortunate way so that they served the ball straight into Wimmer's path. The Gladbach right back got past Sepp Maier who had come rushing out of their goal area, only left back Paul Breitner stood between Wimmer and the Bayern goal but Wimmer placed their shot so well that Breitner, standing on the goalline, could not intervene in any way: 1-1! Gladbach were not going to be second fiddle to Bavaria.
After this great start the players seemed to have tasted blood as the game got even better. Despite the pace being so high, both sets of players understood how to thread together flawless combinations with remarkable precision, almost no bad passes. Forwards became defenders and defenders became forwards, constant switching of positions and the fight for supremacy in the midfield was not a physical one but one of finesse, technique and tactical sophistication.
After 18 minutes, the guests from Gladbach were one up! And what a goal it was. The kicker reporter expressed their admiration with the following words: “The 1-2 will forever be remembered as a goal that knocked me out of the seat due to its beauty in build-up and execution!” People watched in awe while Borussia threaded together a fluid combination of over ten passes before Wimmer got the ball on the right wing after linking up with Horst Köppel. Wimmer sent in a cross to Bernd Rupp who laid the ball off directly with their back to goal to the penalty spot where Dane Henning Jensen had rushed forward from behind, hammering the ball vehemently into the back of the Bayern net with a volley. 1-2! A goal so beautiful, exquisite and stunning that even the staunchest non-football supporter had to get excited watching it. Almost every Borussia player had taken part in the built-up in one of the best team goals you'll see.
Bayern may have been impressed (in fact, they surely were impressed) but it seemed as if this demonstration of high quality football by their guests only further motivated them to impress with their own efforts. Franz Beckenbauer in particular drove their teammates forward towards Mönchengladbach's goal. At the end, Beckenbauer was the key to Bavaria's success. For all their brilliance, Borussia did not have a player equal to Beckenbauer in their ranks. Within just three minutes, the Kaiser's empire had struck back with a vengeance! 120 seconds had passed after Mönchengladbach's ‘dream goal', when a diagonal cross by Erwin Hadewicz from the right flank found Gerd Müller at the center of the Gladbach penalty box, the Bomber beat the incredibly tight marking Berti Vogts and scored with a left footed strike: 2-2!
Three minutes after that Bernd Dürnberger sent a long cross from the right flank to the left wing, Hoeness stopped the ball on the touchline and immediately swung in a cross from there, Rainer Zobel jumped up the highest and curled their back header so well that it found the way between Kleff and the crossbar: 3-2! Kleff – Germany's number one goalkeeper at that time – had not looked too well in that situation, but so had Maier at one of Gladbach's goals. Kleff had however pulled off an outstanding save in the 14th minute when Beckenbauer had unleashed a terrifically hard and well-placed shot from 30 yards. Nobody would have complained if Kleff had not managed to parry this ‘unstoppable' bombshell.
Meanwhile, the action on the pitch continued to surge from goal to goal, all players dedicated to the pure and simple cause of why they had become footballers in the first place, to express themselves and to score goals! Gerd Müller was seen defending in their own box (almost scoring an own goal at that). Herbert Wimmer terrified Bayern's defense with their constant solo runs at both flanks, no player could afford to rest or to remain at their position, the breathtakingly fast action forced every player to give their all, all players being spurred by the shining examples of the Breitners, Wimmers, Beckenbauers, Müllers, Bonhofs, Roths and Jensens.
Next to Beckenbauer's unique class, Gerd Müller's will to cover virtually every blade of grass on the pitch caused some difficulties to Borussia. Berti Vogts had great problems following Müller effectively, one could say they were still practising, as they would excel in a similar job on Johan Cruijff in the World Cup final seven months later. At the time Vogts struggled to contain Müller, Franz Roth slowly but surely started to have the advantage in their duel with Gladbach's right back Herbert Wimmer. This coupled with Beckenbauer's commanding presence on the pitch was the foundation of Bayern's victory in this epic encounter.
Beckenbauer, the attacking libero, had once again impressed with a world class performance. It was Beckenbauer who had set up the all-decisive fourth Bayern goal shortly after an hour was played. The Kaiser had started one of their amazing runs from their own box straight to Gladbach's defensive third, on the way elegantly rounding several Gladbach players as if it was the most natural thing to do. After having arrived at the edge of the Gladbach box, three panic-stricken Gladbach defenders launched into Beckenbauer, but Beckenbauer, sly as a fox, had of course anticipated the situation and flicked the ball with effortless ease over the Borussia players into the now free space to Uli Hoeness. Rainer Bonhof tried to tackle the ball off Hoeness but too late! The future Bayern managing director had already shot the ball towards Kleff's goal. Kleff managed to get their hand on the ball in a desperate jump, but the shot was too hard for them to save and found its way into the back of the Gladbach net: 4-2!
With their goal, Uli Hoeness had come out on top in their duel against Gladbach's great Rainer Bonhof as Hoeness had already assisted Bayern's third goal. Roth, Müller and Hoeness all winning their personal duels against their opponents was the foundation of Bayern wrestling down their fantastic opponents. After Bayern's was up 4-2, it looked for a while as if Gladbach was in danger of conceding even more goals. Gladbach had run out of power pushing for the equalizer with all their might in the second half. Hoeness' goal came as a real blow to the guests from the Rhineland. Bayern now fully dictated the play with Breitner attacking on the left wing, running up and down their side, overlapping with the self-confident Bernd Dürnberger.
Bayern gained about half a dozen further scoring opportunities however Gladbach's resistance was still firm. After 72 minutes, Jupp Heynckes had an almost 100 percent safe scoring opportunity when they got to head from short distance unmarked but Sepp Maier saved their header with a brilliant reflex. Three minutes later Henning Jensen just missed the goal with their shot. Two minutes before time, Herbert Wimmer, defying all exhaustion, started their umpteenth solo run on the wings, leaving the ball to Bonhof who had run parallel to him, Bonhof surprised the unexpecting Maier from 25 yards with a swerving shot: 4-3! This goal was considered by all as a well-deserved one for the magnificent guests. In any other regular match, this goal would have been the highlight of the game but then again, this was no ordinary match.
So why did Gladbach lose this game when they were such a tremendous side? Firstly, Udo Lattek countered Hennes Weisweiler's surprising tactical manoeuvre of playing Herbert Wimmer by using “Bulle” Roth as Bayern's outside left, something Weisweiler never expected from the traditional defensive midfielder. Weisweiler wanted to exploit Bayern's traditional weakness at the flanks but the powerful and strong Roth was more than a match for Wimmer. Secondly, of the two leading Bundesliga goal scorers, Gerd Müller was on target while Jupp Heynckes failed to score so once again Müller's incredible efficiency and finishing put Bayern on top. Thirdly, Paul Breitner had a fantastic comeback after their seven weak pause due to an injury. Fittingly Breitner's opponent was Gladbach's strongest forward, the Dane Henning Jensen. Without Breitner confronting him, Jensen may well have been more devastating. Fourthly, Johnny Hansen and Georg Schwarzenbeck controlled their opponents Jupp Heynckes and Bernd Rupp very well. Bavaria was overall more agile and determined while Gladbach lacked a conductor of Beckenbauer's calibre. Horst Köppel could not dictate their side's play like the dominating Beckenbauer did for Bayern, especially since Köppel had to fight off one of Bavaria's best in Rainer Zobel.
What came next?
“Once upon a time … is what people will say years later. It was like in a fairytale: Football can't be played any finer than this.” This is how one newspaper started its report on this fabled meeting between the German champions Bayern München and the German Cup winners Borussia Mönchengladbach. After referee Engel blew the final whistle, the 70,000 spectators had seen one of the finest displays of attacking football ever staged in München's Olympic stadium or anywhere in Germany, a game that managed to exceed the highest of expectations of both the supporters and the media, an electrifying festival of everything that makes football such a great joy to watch. Gripping duels, lots of goals, plenty of goal scoring opportunities, the whole bag of football tricks. Beckenbauer's finesse, Wimmer's verve and crosses, the mesmerizing duel between Europe's best goalgetter Gerd Müller and Europe's best defender Berti Vogts, a thrilling exchange of blows between both sides executed at the highest pace – the viewers were overwhelmingly gifted for their presence!
Legendary 1954 World Cup winning coach Sepp Herberger was too overwhelmed to properly analyze what had happened, a simple “Magnificent! Simply wonderful!” was all they were able to muster after the game when asked by the media. Similarly overwhelmed was then Germany manager Helmut Schön, whose “What a game!” comment further illustrated the world class quality of this unforgettable game. Schön continued: “We can be proud of the Bundesliga. This was a tremendous advertisement for all football. We can be glad that we have two such sides who are motivating all others to play the same way.”
The 1973/74 season was the season of two incredible football teams and by the end it would not have been farfetched to say that both deserved to be champions. Bayern edged Gladbach by a single point but both played incredible seasons. To this day no two teams have scored more than 90 goals in one season. Gladbach scored an incredible 95 goals in 34 games and Bayern scored 93, almost 3 goals per game. It also remains the highest scoring season in Bundesliga history but more than anything, the game was proof positive why decades on these two sides are still considered arguably the two best in league history.
Teams
Bayern München: Maier – Hansen, Schwarzenbeck, Beckenbauer, Breitner – Hoeness, Zobel, Dürnberger – Hadewicz, Müller, Roth
Borussia M'Gladbach: Kleff – Wimmer, Sieloff, Vogts, Danner – Kulif, Köppel, Bonhof – Jensen, Rupp, Heynckes
Goal Scorers:
1-0 Roth 4
1-1 Wimmer 5
1-2 Jensen 18
2-2 Müller 20
3-2 Zobel 23
4-2 Hoeness 64
4-3 Bonhof 88
Video
Special thanks to Wolfgang Steiner on their great help for this piece.
Overview
"China represents and will remain the most significant competitor to the United States for decades to come. As such, the need for a more coherent U.S. response to increasing Chinese power is long overdue," write CFR Senior Fellow Robert D. Blackwill and Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Senior Associate Ashley J. Tellis in a new Council Special Report, Revising U.S. Grand Strategy Toward China.
Ashley J. Tellis Senior Associate, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Robert D. Blackwill Henry A. Kissinger Senior Fellow for U.S. Foreign Policy
"Because the American effort to 'integrate' China into the liberal international order has now generated new threats to U.S. primacy in Asia—and could result in a consequential challenge to American power globally—Washington needs a new grand strategy toward China that centers on balancing the rise of Chinese power rather than continuing to assist its ascendancy."
The authors argue that such a strategy is designed to limit the dangers that China's geoeconomic and military power pose to U.S. national interests in Asia and globally, even as the United States and its allies maintain diplomatic and economic interactions with China.
Blackwill and Tellis recommend that Washington do the following:
Revitalize the U.S. economy
"Nothing would better promote the United States' strategic future and grand strategy toward China than robust economic growth…This must be the first priority of the president and Congress."
Strengthen the U.S. military
"Congress should remove sequestration caps and substantially increase the U.S. defense budget...Washington should intensify a consistent U.S. naval and air presence in the South and East China Seas," and "accelerate the U.S. ballistic-missile defense posture" in the Pacific.
Expand Asian trade networks
"U.S. grand strategy toward China will be seriously weakened without delivering on the TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement]. A major push by the White House for ratification should therefore begin immediately in the new Congress, including seeking trade promotion authority."
Create a technology-control regime
"Washington should pay increased attention to limiting China's access to advanced weaponry and military critical technologies." The United States should encourage its allies "to develop a coordinated approach to constrict China's access to all technologies, including dual use."
Eyes on Asia A monthly newsletter with insights and analysis from CFR fellows on the latest developments across Asia.
Implement effective cyber policies
Washington should "impose costs on China that are in excess of the benefits it receives from its violations in cyberspace…increase U.S. offensive cyber capabilities . . . continue improving U.S. cyber defenses," and "pass relevant legislation in Congress, such as the Cyber Information Security Protection Act."
Reinforce Indo-Pacific partnerships
"The United States cannot defend its interests in Asia without support from its allies," and "should build up the power-political capabilities of its friends and allies on China's periphery."
Energize high-level diplomacy with Beijing
The United States should work to mitigate tensions with China, and "reassure U.S. allies and friends in Asia and beyond that Washington is doing everything it can to avoid a confrontation with China . . . U.S.-China discourse should be more candid, high-level, and private than is current practice."
Professors: To request an exam copy, contact publications@cfr.org. Please include your university and course name.
Bookstores: To order bulk copies, please contact Ingram. Visit https://ipage.ingrambook.com, call 800.234.6737, or email orders@ingrambook.com. ISBN: 978-0-87609-621-5
Last week, conservative radio host Michael Savage fumed over Larry David's impersonation of Bernie Sanders on Saturday Night Live, saying it was a direct attack on them as it ignored their much better impersonation of Sanders.
They claimed that SNL tried to cover up Sanders' supposed “Soviet-style politics” by purportedly avoiding jokes about their views on socialism.
“The reason Saturday Night Live made believe that they were ridiculing Bernie Sanders was to weaken Michael Savage's strong performance, where not only is ‘Bernie Sanders the lunatic' ridiculed, but more particularly Bernie Sanders' more insane Soviet economics are exposed through my comedy,” they boasted, before claiming that when shows like SNL “see a genuine threat emerge on the other side in the form of someone who is as talented as I am and they take on one of their cultural icons, they bring in their biggest guns to try and triangulate the opposition.”
Savage concluded that SNL was paving the way for the imposition of Sharia law in the U.S. by keeping people distracted from the supposed Muslim threat.
They alleged that Muslims “pretending to be refugees” from countries like Syria are part of a concerted Islamist campaign that “threatens to drown the world and drag us into a 1,000 years of darkness.” Thanks to SNL and “snide Brooklyn vermin like Larry David,” they said, Americans are ignoring this menace while “Muslims gain a majority through their multiple breeding” and “gain control of the military.”
The always modest Savage host then hailed themselves as a hero for warning the people: “I am the George Washington of my time. I am the Paul Revere of my time.”
“My friends, if you want Sharia law then listen to Saturday Night Live while stoned on marijuana,” they said. “If you think you're just smoking a j and having a good night, you don't understand that they've been brain-deadening you for years.”
Because Hollywood is aiming to ruin the image of America and “make everyone doubts their own country,” Savage said, groups like ISIS now seem “not that bad.” Along with the entertainment industry, they also blamed Ivy League schools, which they said “pollute” the minds of students and “give your daughter a condom and tell them to sleep with their sorority sister,” for contributing to “the weakening of the moral fiber” of America and consequently “the meltdown of a nation.”
“Now nature abhors a vacuum,” Savage continued, a vacuum which they suggest will be filled by radical Islamists.
They concluded that David and other comedians have helped bring America down by having “melted the society down with their cynicism, juvenile cynicism,” and now “the Islamists are seeing this for what it is, utter weakness,” which they will in turn exploit with mass immigration.
THE GLASS ARMONICA
by Thomas Bloch
© Thomas Bloch / Naxos, 2001
from the booklet of the Thomas Bloch's CD
"Music for Glass Harmonica" (réf.: Naxos 8.555295)
english translation : Michelle Vadon
to listen
Thomas Bloch's glassarmonica
made by
Gerhard Finkenbeiner Glasses filled with varying amounts of water so as to alter the pitch of the sounds obtained by striking them with sticks were already used in early times by the Persians, the Chinese (shui chan), the Japanese and the Arabs (the tusut was mentioned in 1406), but the technique took a decisive turn in 1743 when an Irishman, Richard Puckeridge, had the bright idea of standing the glasses on a table and rubbing the rims with wet fingers. Benjamin Franklin first saw that instrument which was also played by the composer Gluck, at a concert given by the English virtuoso Delaval. It was called the angelic organ, then musical glasses, seraphim or glass harp. Franklin, fascinated by the "soft and pure sound of the musical glasses", modified them so as to increase their possibilities. In a letter to the Turin scientist Giovanni Battista Beccaria in 1762, they explained how they had improved them. They called the new instrument the Armonica because of its harmonious sounds (in its acoustic meaning because of its richness in overtones - "harmonics"). They had glasses of different diameters blown, each corresponding to a note, instead of filling glasses with water. When the bowls are chromatically fitted into one another, but not in contact, with a horizontal rod going through their centre, the rotation of which is controlled by a pedal, complex chords can be played and the possibilities of virtuoso performance are increased. A number of instruments derived from the glass harmonica have been built since that time: the melodion, the eumelia, the clavicylindre, the transpornierharmonica, the sticcardo pastorale, the spirafina, the Instrument de Parnasse, the glasharfe, the piano harmonica of Tobias Schmidt, who also built the first guillotine, the uranion, the hydrodaktulopsychicharmonica and others.
The glass harmonica was very popular from the start. Some four hundred works were composed for it, some unfortunately now lost ( four works by Mozart including their very last chamber music work, Beethoven, Donizetti, C.P.E. Bach, Hasse, Reicha...) . There was probably about a thousand instruments built over the course of some seventy years.
The instrument, adored or hated, roused passionate responses. Paganini declared it to have "such a celestial voice", Thomas Jefferson claimed it was "the greatest gift offered to the musical world of this century", Goethe, Mozart, Jean-Paul, Hasse and Théophile Gautier all praised it. A dictionary of instruments mentions that the sounds "are of nearly celestial softness but (…) can cause spasms". In a Traité des effets de la musique sur le corps humain (Treatise on the Effects of Music on the Human Body) by J.M. Roger in 1803 it is said that "its melancholy timbre plunges us into dejection … to a point that the strongest man could not hear it for an hour without fainting". It was also used for Magic Lanterns sessions.
Manuscript from Mozart showing the main themas
from the Adagio and Rondo K.617
for glass harmonica, flute, oboe, viola and cello (1791)
The Armonica
according to the 2nd italian
publication of
Benjamin Franklin's letter
to priest Beccaria
(1762) It is true that some performers on the instrument ended their lives in mental hospitals, among them one of the best, Marianne Davies. In their Anleitung zum Selbstunterricht auf der Harmonika (Method of Self-Instruction for the Harmonica), published in 1788, Johann Christian Müller answered objections: "It is true that the Armonica has strange effects on people (…). If you are irritated or disturbed by bad news, by friends or even by disappointment from a lady, abstain from playing, it would only increase your disturbance".
The glass armonica was accused of causing evils such as nervous problems, domestic squabbles, premature deliveries, fatal disorders, and animal convulsions. The instrument was even banned from one German town by the police for ruining the health of people and disturbing public order (a child died during a concert). Franz Anton Mesmer, a Vienna doctor known for their experiments (... the mesmerism) and for using hypnosis to treat their patients (...mesmerized), would use the glass harmonica in their treatment. They were forced to leave Vienna after a blind pianist, Marie Paradies, recovered their sight but to the detriment of their mental health. Rumours of this kind contributed to the death of the Armonica, which in 1829 had been considered "the fashionable accessory of parlours and drawing-rooms".
Although Karl Leopold Röllig in the late eighteenth century, had tried to add a keyboard to the glass harmonica in order to avoid the possible danger caused by rubbing the fingers against the glasses, few later composers were interested in the instrument. The increasing intensity of the sound of orchestras deterred musicians from using a fragile instrument with such a delicate sound. Yet, there were two outstanding exceptions. In 1835 Donizetti used it in their opera Lucia di Lammermoor in the mad scene, in which the glass harmonica was soon replaced by two flutes (the part recorded here is the original version, crossed out on the manuscript) and Richard Strauss wrote for it in the last act of their opera Die Frau ohne Schatten , first staged in Vienna in 1919.
Thanks to a German performer, Bruno Hoffmann, who did not play a glassarmonica but a glasharfe (glasses standing on a table) or glass harp, and thanks also to a German-born master glass-blower, Gerhard Finkenbeiner, who had settled near Boston in the United States, a new generation of performers and of composers has rediscovered the glass harmonica since 1982 ( Björk, Tom Waits, Damon Albarn / Gorillaz, Amadeus and Flight over a kuku's nest by Milos Forman, La Marche de l'Empereur - The March of Penguins in its original version...) .
To build a glass harmonica, Gerhard Finkenbeiner (1930 – 1999) and today Tom Hession, their associate, use quartz, the purest glass, in the shape of a long cylinder, heated to 3100°F and blown, then cut into spheres and then half-spheres, so as to produce two bowls. The process is completed for tuning by dipping the bowls in hydrofluoric acid to adjust their thickness.
In the eighteenth century, 24% lead glass was used. The bowls were ground and tuned with an emery grind-wheel. As the depth of a bowl decreases, the pitch becomes higher. Sometimes, the seven colours of the rainbow were used to symbolize the seven diatonic degrees, with black figuring for the inflected notes. Finkenbeiner and their associate use transparent glass, with gold for the rims of the bowls corresponding to the black keys of a keyboard, as Roellig did in the eighteenth century.
Gerhard Finkenbeiner
(1930-1999)
Angelica Kaufmann playing the glass armonica
(Thomas Bloch collection) Glass harmonicas belong to the family of autophone rubbed instruments. The glasses start vibrating according to a relaxation principle: when a finger rubs a bowl, it alternately catches and releases. This creates a series of impulses which set the bowl into vibration. The phenomenom is complex, so the master glass-blower needs the greatest skill to give the instrument its own character. A number of parameters can play a part, modifying the tone, the mode and the harmonic composition of the bowls. Thus, two bowls giving the same note will have different timbres according to the materials used, their shape, their thickness, their dimensions, and any hidden defects.
It is said that sounds and noises are closely related to each period of time. It would be interesting to know what brought about the revival of the glass harmonica at the end of the twentieth century and the passion it has aroused, simply the result, perhaps,of new demands from musicologists and performers seeking authenticity.
All in all, though, we may echo the words of Lucia di Lammermoor, Un' armonia celeste, di', non ascolti ? ( Can you not hear a celestial harmony ? ).
FOR MORE INFORMATIONS ABOUT THE INSTRUMENT
THE REVIVAL OF THE GLASS HARMONICA
a nine scanned pages newspaper article written in French for Crescendo magazine by Thomas Bloch in 1991
Inter €15m swoop for Alario
By Football Italia staff
Inter are prepared to activate Lucas Alario's €15m release clause to get them from River Plate, according to TMW.
Tuttomercatoweb claim the Nerazzurri will have a meeting with agent Pedro Aldave in Milan tomorrow evening.
The deal is very close to completion, because there need to be no negotiations.
Inter are ready to pay the full €15m release clause in their contract and bring them to San Siro immediately.
The 23-year-old striker is tied to River Plate until June 2018.
They have an Italian passport, so can be registered as an EU player.
Everton are also believed to be interested, but the Argentine prefers Serie A football.
Alario moved from Colon to River last summer for €2m, scoring 17 goals with five assists in 36 competitive games.
It's expected they could sign a contract with wages rising every year to eventually reach €2m per season with Inter.
Welcome to Oops I shit myself! If you've just shit your pants, for god's sake, clean yourself up!
But after you get back, tell us all about it to the right...
Submitted by Josef the Man (San Fransisco, CA) on 11.03.16
Some years ago, I attended the yearly Christmas staff party. Me and my friends made some stupid bets and I managed to win all of them. The prize was 6 large shots of tequila that had to be consumed within 10min, otherwise I needed to pay 100 dollars fine. (Full Story) Some years ago, I attended the yearly Christmas staff party. Me and my friends made some stupid bets and I managed to win all of them. The prize was 6 large shots of tequila that had to be consumed within 10min, otherwise I needed to pay 100 dollars fine. I drank them within 5 minutes and managed not to throw up, as I have a strong stomach. I was feeling fine the first 10 - 15min, until the alcohol kicked in and off I went!! I could not stand on my feet, became a veggie. My colleagues had to carry me to the nearest sofa. Apparently, in my world, I assumed I was sitting on the toilet. I tried to pull down my pants (was not very successful doing so) and started to shit in front of the WHOLE company!! So there I was, in front of 50 people, pants halfway down and full of shit... My friends kindly carried me to the toilet and filled my pants with toilet paper, then called a taxi and took me home. Once I was told the next day what happened, I quit my job... That was also the last time I drank tequila...
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 778 Not So Much 579
Submitted by TPS (Jefferson City, MO) on 11.02.16
I had just finished having a date night with my husband. Our 1 year anniversary is in a few days and they told me that hes getting my windows tinted in my car ad an anniversary gift. Anyway, I drop them off at their sisters so I can get home to bed, and it hits (Full Story) I had just finished having a date night with my husband. Our 1 year anniversary is in a few days and they told me that hes getting my windows tinted in my car ad an anniversary gift. Anyway, I drop them off at their sisters so I can get home to bed, and it hits me that I have to poop. So I'm flying down the road to the gas station that I work at and suddenly, an explosion happens in my shorts. I'm pissed. I continue to the station where I spend the next 10 minutes cleaning my car seat. I clean up a little in the bathroom and throw my clothes in the trash. I pUT a plastic bag on like underwear to drive home so I could shower
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 646 Not So Much 556
Submitted by poopie dooopie (poopsberg, IN) on 11.01.16
SO I WAS WIT MAH X GURL DEN DA SHIT STARTED FLOWIN. I WAS OBER A FAN. SO DA SHIT HIT DA FAYUN. IT WAZ DEESKAZTUN AND I NEBER SHAT OGEN. BAYUK IN DEIPPE I ALWAYS SHAT ON DOES DAYUM VEETNAMEEES SO I SHAT MAHSELF
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 584 Not So Much 571
Submitted by poop (idaho, AK) on 10.28.16
down to the corps riding shotgun in the jeep i got a bubble in my belly and i think its really smelly and i think its bout to creep and i lean to the right and my cheeks were kinda tight and i farted a little bit and it went like this I THOUGHT I FARTED B (Full Story) down to the corps riding shotgun in the jeep i got a bubble in my belly and i think its really smelly and i think its bout to creep and i lean to the right and my cheeks were kinda tight and i farted a little bit and it went like this I THOUGHT I FARTED BUT I SHIT I THOUGHT I FARTED BUT I SHIT now its squishy when i sit i got poop all in my crack and a little on my sack I THOUGHT I FARTED BUT I SHIT
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 580 Not So Much 554
Submitted by Poopy123! (Some City, Some State) on 10.26.16
I was sitting on my couch watching friends and I wanted to fart but I held it in till it was over so I could go to the bathroom after. I'm walking to the bathroom and I'm like might as well fart but then I shit my FUCKING underwear right when I was thinkin (Full Story) I was sitting on my couch watching friends and I wanted to fart but I held it in till it was over so I could go to the bathroom after. I'm walking to the bathroom and I'm like might as well fart but then I shit my FUCKING underwear right when I was thinking how I wanna wear this cutie underwear when I see my boyfriend! I guess not!!!!
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 611 Not So Much 579
Submitted by Tricky Dick (Phoenix, AZ) on 10.23.16
My grandmother and I had been discussing various home remedies during a visit when they asked if I had ever tried an epsom salt cleanse. I told them that I hadn't but was interested in the how and why. They said that it was the best way to "get rid of all th (Full Story) My grandmother and I had been discussing various home remedies during a visit when they asked if I had ever tried an epsom salt cleanse. I told them that I hadn't but was interested in the how and why. They said that it was the best way to "get rid of all the left over stuff in your guts." They told me "Take a couple of tablespoons of Epsom salts and dissolve it in a big glass of warm water. Drink it all and don't go anywhere for the rest of the day." So Ifolloe the very simple instructions and nothing happens. The next morning I have to go to school and jump in my car. As I'm driving down the street I feel my bowels shift. My brow begins to perspire. I'm pretty sure I have to fart. I lift my leg to give it some room. My asshole quivers and starts to shoot out what feels like molten lava. I immediately fill my underwear with this hot mess. Fuck. Thanks Grandma!
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 447 Not So Much 408
Submitted by Penypoo (Some City, AK) on 10.23.16
I was at a house party. I had being doing smelly silent farts all night. I finally used the bathroom when my best friend runs in there with me. All of a sudden my pooo explodes. Not handling the smell well, they bolt it out the door leaving me to get up an (Full Story) I was at a house party. I had being doing smelly silent farts all night. I finally used the bathroom when my best friend runs in there with me. All of a sudden my pooo explodes. Not handling the smell well, they bolt it out the door leaving me to get up and push the lock. Great. Shits only gone all over the toielt seat and all over my WHITE JEANS! To make matters even worse after having shit in my hand and trynah wipe all the shit of the toilet seat, I go to push the flusher button and the damn button is already been Jam'd down! Left the party with shit all over my white jeans and a bombed out toilet
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 447 Not So Much 424
Submitted by Shitmaster (Fall river, MA) on 10.21.16
At 8:00 today my cousins and i were watching youtube while all of a sudden i smell the worst smell ever i almost puked i asked my cousin jesse and james if they farted and then all of a sudden you here a loud noise it was coming from james ass they shit them (Full Story) At 8:00 today my cousins and i were watching youtube while all of a sudden i smell the worst smell ever i almost puked i asked my cousin jesse and james if they farted and then all of a sudden you here a loud noise it was coming from james ass they shit himself!!! They then ran to the bathroom with shit coming down their leg they had to take a 2 hour shower then they came back downstairs and we were just hanging out and james shits again but it was worse this time there was shit all over the floor all over their hands all over the tv its like they were the shit master oh boy what a day
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 416 Not So Much 432
Submitted by Kaylle (Swansea, MA) on 10.21.16
Once apon a time i shit myself. I was cheerleading and i was on top and i had rummbbles in my stomach.then i farted!!! The shit CAME rushing down my skirt all the girls faces were full of shit.then i ran to the bathroom as fast as i could and i let it rip. (Full Story) Once apon a time i shit myself. I was cheerleading and i was on top and i had rummbbles in my stomach.then i farted!!! The shit CAME rushing down my skirt all the girls faces were full of shit.then i ran to the bathroom as fast as i could and i let it rip. Then i went home washing up and the girls called me and said "u retard my shirt is stained because if u.THE END
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 452 Not So Much 421
Submitted by paladar (Raleigh, NC) on 10.19.16
Of course I shit myself after taking three tests and working all night. I got diarrhea in my shorts and all over my bed. I'm dead on the inside.
Vote:Yeah! You Shit the *Shit* out of yourself! 438 Not So Much 396
Additional Notes
Card Size: Rarity Card Size: Small Large 2nd sort: Name Saved Card Pool From Magic Drafting Card Pool Simulator
Like our generator? Please tell your friends!
Card Pool (click cards to add to deck list)
Show Basic Lands
(For deckbuilding) Mana Curve
Deck List (click cards to move back to pool) Deck Count: 0 (click cards to move back to pool)
Text Version of Card Pool (click to select all)
1 Abzan Ascendancy 1 Abzan Charm 2 Efreet Weaponmaster 1 Ankle Shanker 2 Butcher of the Horde 1 Mardu Ascendancy 1 Mardu Charm 1 Abzan Falconer 1 Dazzling Ramparts 1 Timely Hordemate 1 Watcher of the Roost 1 Ainok Bond-Kin 1 Alabaster Kirin 1 Erase 1 Kill Shot 1 Mardu Hateblade 1 Siegecraft 1 Scion of Glaciers 1 Stubborn Denial 1 Waterwhirl 1 Cancel 1 Force Away 1 Glacial Stalker 1 Jeskai Windscout 1 Mystic of the Hidden Way 1 Taigam's Scheming 1 Weave Fate 1 Whirlwind Adept 1 Raiders' Spoils 1 Debilitating Injury 1 Rakshasa's Secret 1 Sidisi's Pet 1 Sultai Scavenger 2 Throttle 4 Unyielding Krumar 1 Goblinslide 1 Hordeling Outburst 1 Mardu Heart-Piercer 1 Arrow Storm 1 Barrage of Boulders 1 Bloodfire Expert 1 Bloodfire Mentor 1 Bring Low 1 Canyon Lurkers 1 Mardu Warshrieker 1 Shatter 2 Swift Kick 2 Tormenting Voice 1 Become Immense 1 Temur Charger 1 Awaken the Bear 2 Dragonscale Boon 1 Feed the Clan 1 Naturalize 3 Sagu Archer 1 Scout the Borders 1 Tusked Colossodon 1 Woolly Loxodon 1 Chief of the Scale 1 Highspire Mantis 1 Secret Plans 1 Lens of Clarity 2 Temur Banner 1 Windswept Heath 1 Wooded Foothills 1 Mystic Monastery 3 Blossoming Sands 1 Jungle Hollow 2 Rugged Highlands
This pool was generated using our sealed card pool generatorStart new: Modern Masters 2 Sealed Pool
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Ex-teacher accused of abducting teen planned to go to Mexico
Upload date:
May 5 2017
Uploaded by:
sleazy143
Video description:
Ex-teacher accused of abducting teen planned to go to Mexico When former teacher Tad Cummins and their student vanished from Tennessee, they threw their phones in a river and disabled their car's GPS device to avoid detection.. Cummins and their 15-year-old student went missing on March 13. They were found 1,900 miles away at a remote cabin in Northern California, ending a 39-day hunt for the teenage girl who went missing from their hometown south of Nashville. Cummins faces a charge of taking a minor across state lines for the purpose of sexual activity, and will remain in jail until their trial, a judge ruled Friday. Thanks for watching please Like and subscribe this channel for more videos news and trends news
Total views:
1,168
NAVAL AIR STATION PATUXENT RIVER, Maryland – Don't call it a comeback, since the Navy says its favorite robotic helicopter was never technically grounded. But the MQ-8B Fire Scout, a surveillance drone, has joined a commando hunt for pirates off the coast of Africa – its first deployment since the Navy briefly stopped flying the choppers this spring following unexplained technical malfunctions.
Capt. Patrick Smith, the Navy's program manager for the four-bladed drone copter, told reporters on Tuesday that the guided missile frigate USS Klakring has four Fire Scouts aboard. The Klakring recently began a six-month deployment to Africa with special-operations personnel aboard for an "anti-piracy" mission, Smith said. The cameras aboard the Fire Scouts will aid the crew in conducting search and seizure missions on pirate ships.
That should underscore the importance that the Navy attaches to the Fire Scout. The African pirate hunt is among the Navy's most urgent operations. And it comes just months after the Navy reluctantly told the Fire Scout it needed to take a knee to resolve some malfunctions.
In April, the Navy discovered two "unrelated operational mishaps" with the Fire Scout, one in Afghanistan – a crash – and the other aboard the USS Simpson, when it was unable to return to the ship after a spy mission. The Navy put the drone on what Smith diplomatically called an "operational pause" – not an actual grounding, but something similar enough to raise questions about the technical health of the aircraft.
That's been resolved, Smith said, as investigations blamed trouble with the navigation system of the Afghanistan Fire Scout; it's less clear what went wrong with the one aboard the Simpson. The result was a tougher round of "maintenance procedures" put in place to prevent a faulty copter from going on-mission. By late April or early May, Smith said, the Fire Scout was back above northern Afghanistan; a few months later, four more were prepping for duty aboard the Klakring.
That should be welcome news for the Navy – if the sea service isn't rushing the Fire Scout back into the fight before it's really ready. Even before the "pause," the Navy found that the Fire Scout wasn't completing about half its missions. The copter is already used to hunt drug smugglers in South America and went to war above Libya last year. And new upgrades are on the way.
Smith said he's still working to arm the Fire Scout with a laser-guided rocket called the Advanced Precision Kill Weapons System – essentially, turning the Fire Scout into a helicopter version of a Predator drone, so it can take someone out as soon as its cameras identify him. The idea would be to use the thermal imaging ball under the drone's chin as a laser designator to lock in on targets for the rockets to hit. Smith hopes the armed Fire Scouts will be ready to deploy by 2014, a little later than expected. Also, by then, the Navy hopes to buy a new radar package for the copter.
And as long as Congress keeps the money coming in, the Navy plans on sending the upgraded Fire Scout on several more ships. The frigates Bradley, Roberts, Simpson and Kaufman should get Fire Scout deployments by 2015. Smith is also testing how the Fire Scout works with the Navy's new Littoral Combat Ship close-in fighter. If it turns out the Fire Scout has lingering, uncorrected technical failings, a lot of Navy ships are about to learn about it the hard way.
Days after returning from their official visit to East Lansing, Matt McQuaid became the third member of the 2015 Michigan State basketball recruiting class joining Deyonta Davis and Kyle Ahrens. They withdrew a rushed pledge to SMU this summer, and Creighton was thought to hold the early inside track in their renewed recruitment. Yet, the Spartans won them over and they told Evan Daniels at Scout, "I chose Michigan State because I made a good relationship with coach Izzo...I feel like I fit in really good in their system. When I went down there I learned a lot from the other guys and they always have guys coming back trying to help. Draymond Green and Gary Harris came back. They always have people coming back. There's tradition there. I liked that and they win." It's great to hear about an official visit making a difference especially when a player and their family get a sense of the unique comradery at Michigan State around not just the current but also former players. In addition to the titles, NBA picks, and aura of Izzo, that's something that should really sell our program. Though their residence of Duncanville, Texas is not the usual recruiting radius, the McQuaid family has Michigan roots as Matt's father was a star athlete for Midland in the 1970s so it'll be great to bring them "home."
In the Matt McQuaid scouting report, the first thing everyone says is "shooter from deep." Three-point shooting is their calling card and that's what their first priority will be at Michigan State. With the transfer of Kenny Kaminski and this year's graduation of Travis Trice, the Spartans will have recently lost two of their best scorers from deep. Regardless of the shooting development of other players, the roster should now include at least one floor stretching ace. It would be hasty to think MSU is getting a one-dimensional player, however. As the impressive footage below shows, McQuaid is a strong athlete who is capable of attacking the basket from lobs and drives. He's also reported to be 6'5" so height is not an issue on the wing. It also looks like they will benefit greatly from time in a D1 strength and conditioning regimen and more years of maturation. They could be someone who really improves during their time at Michigan State.
That said, there is an impending logjam at the wing in 2015-2016. Barring an early departure, Michigan State will have Denzel Valentine (Sr.), Bryn Forbes (Sr.), Eron Harris (RS Jr.), Alvin Ellis III (Jr.), and Javon Bess (So.) in addition to two freshmen, Ahrens and McQuaid. Though it has been a difficult pitch to redshirt un-injured wings, that might be the best route for one of Ahrens or McQuaid. The decision will be interesting as Ahrens looks more physically D1 ready but McQuaid has a irreplaceable skill to help the team.
We'll leave that for the staff and next season. Right now, welcome Matt McQuaid and their family into the Spartan family!
An excellent mixtape of Matt McQuaid:
<object width="425" height="350" class="mceItemFlash"> <param name="movie" value="http://www.youtube.com/v/ymy7ZAaZq5U"></param> <param name="wmode" value="transparent"></param> <embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/ymy7ZAaZq5U" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" wmode="transparent" width="425" height="350"></embed> </object>
Their Game Resembles A Young Klay Thompson? Matthew McQuaid Ballislife Summer Mix! (via Ballislife South)
Trump is no neocon. Houston Chronicle, Gary Coronado/Pool/AP
Monday's announcement of Sen. Marco Rubio's foreign policy team could not have been better timed. Not because it will save Rubio – their string of second- and third-place finishes, coupled with their collapse in the polls, signals a campaign on its last legs. Rather, the reveal of Rubio's "neocon dream team" makes clear that their campaign isn't the only thing disintegrating. So too is the GOP's neoconservative establishment.
One of the most confounding political developments of the past decade has been neoconservatism's grip on the Republican Party. The catastrophic Iraq War should have driven its architects into the wilderness. But the party's blanket opposition to the Obama administration gave them a way back in. Since Obama governed as a pragmatic realist, Republicans granted the neocons a reprieve.
Which is not to say neoconservatives had an iron-lock on the GOP. For a brief period after the 2012 election, the party experienced a libertarian moment, one that extended to foreign policy. Two 2016 candidates, Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz, capitalized on the shift in public opinion to push hard for Republican non-intervention. When Paul launched their 13-hour filibuster of American drone policy in 2013, Cruz was there by their side – a partnership that caused Sen. John McCain to dismiss them as "wacko birds."
But with the rise of the Islamic State group, the Republican affection for nonintervention dissolved overnight. The neocon consensus came roaring back: boots on the ground in Syria, the silent treatment in Tehran, sanctions against Russia. Better reckless than feckless.
No candidate exemplifies the neocon resurgence better than Rubio. They proudly called for "a new American Century," the guiding vision of neoconservatives since the 1990s. As I wrote last April, "That they can openly embrace the ideas that led to the most disastrous decade in U.S. foreign policy history shows how little the GOP has learned from the failures of the last decade, and how calcified its foreign policy thinking has become." At the time, it was difficult to imagine their foreign policy hurting him. Paul's campaign was clearly a non-starter. And former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a liberal interventionist, would have difficulty scoring points off their hawkishness.
Enter Donald Trump.
Now, Trump is not what anyone would call a foreign-policy savant. They hew to no consistent ideology. (Consistency is not their strong point.) But they do have preferences. Thomas Wright sifted through decades of Trump's statements for Politico to try to suss out a set of policies, arguing the Republican front-runner does in fact have "a remarkably coherent and consistent worldview." While I wouldn't go that far, it is clear that Trump offers a challenge to both noninterventionism and neoconservatism. It may not be an -ism, but it is an alternative.
Trump is all about bluster and strength, but has no real attachments to intervention or democracy. They readily label the war in Iraq a "mistake" and attacks the foreign-policy establishment for its error-laden intelligence on weapons of mass destruction. They want a strong military, but wants NATO allies to pay for it. They promise to bully adversaries, bill allies and buddy up with dictators.
And their supporters love them for it.
Neocons, on the other hand, are teetering on the edge of full-scale panic. Two weeks ago, Robert Kagan announced their support for Clinton, arguing that the rise of Trump had left the Republican Party unfit for habitation. "The party cannot be saved," they concluded, "but the country still can be." As Rubio flounders, other neocons will surely follow.
Not that they will find the Democratic Party, the original home of the neoconservative movement, a welcoming place. While they might find Clinton's interventionism more palatable than Trump's big-talk-small-stick philosophy, today's Democratic Party was forged in the antiwar fires of the 2000s. Neocons might momentarily roost on the fringes of the party, but it seems unlikely they could make a home there.
Jerry Rice is walking back on their past Team All Lives Matter fail. However, the suddenly woke NFL Hall of Famer‘s invite to the cookout is still not guaranteed.
Rice formally apologized, but their reasoning will make you wonder who exactly are this guy's friends.
https://twitter.com/JerryRice/status/783885177621585920
“When I said {All Lives Matter} I didn't know about the movement going on between {Black Lives Matter}. I want to apologize for my mistake!,” tweeted Rice early Thursday morning (Oct. 6).
So all this time, Rice was unaware of Black Lives Matter, which galvinated from the death of Mike Brown, in 2014, and has become a rallying cry with every unarmed Black man killed by law enforcement since?
Hey, you gotta start somewhere, right? Let us know what you think of Jerry Rice coming to the light in the comments.
Yes, All Lives Matter is the jig. Peep some of the reactions below and on the flip.
Good for Jerry Rice. Misspoke. Educated himself. Apologized for it. Stand up shit. — Beyonce has an uncle named Larry Beyince. Bruh…. (@DragonflyJonez) October 6, 2016
Jerry Rice is STILL trying to apologize. You can be forgiven but you still can't sit with us at lunch! — Old Picture of Dorianna Gray (@blurbette) October 6, 2016
—
Photo: Instagram
1 2 3 4Next page »
The hidden value of cheap faceoff wins in your cap league and some players who provide them.
Anyone who plays in a league that offers faceoff wins as a stat category knows how valuable top centermen can be, and sometimes how hard they can be to acquire. That one category tends to inflate the values of centers so finding the inexpensive FOW leaders should be worth noticing, especially those who may fly under the radar, so to speak.
We all know of the Patrice Bergeron's, Mikko Koivu's and Sidney Crosby's when it comes to FOW prowess, but there are others who are still worthy in the discussion as key FOW players for your fantasy team. In this week's Capped, let's take a look at some “under the radar” players who are solid in the FOW category and won't break the bank for your fantasy team.
Let's get the guys who are still on their entry-level contracts out of the way first. The fact that these kids are doing so well in the faceoff dot so early in their careers is really a testament to their hard work on that part of their game. If there's one thing most young centers struggle with right out of the gate, it's winning the faceoff. Good on these kids for stepping up and showing success early on.
Sean Monahan – Calgary Flames – $0.925M (ELC)
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 298 8 11 3 20:19 13 12
Monahan is in the last year of their entry-level contract and while their offensive numbers may seem a bit lower this year compared to this time last year, they have shown to still be a force in the faceoff circle. They currently are the 10th best FOW player in the NHL and is a key piece in the Flames future.
The talent is all around Monahan and the offense will come.
Bo Horvat – Vancouver Canucks – $0.894M (ELC)
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 237 2 6 4 17:06 27 12
The 20-year-old has struggled offensively this year but injuries to second line center Brandon Sutter has kept them in the top six so far. They started last year slow too so maybe this year they will catch fire in the second half again.
He's a better fit as the team's third line center for their defensive abilities but desperate times call for desperate measures I suppose.
Victor Rask – Carolina Hurricanes – $0.680M (ELC)
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 203 8 11 9 17:48 8 11
The 21-year-old tends to fly under the radar because they play for the lowly Hurricanes, but this kid is really turning heads to those paying attention because they are actually putting up some offense. The fact they are having success in other areas as well is a bonus, such as FOW.
If this kid continues the way he's going, they won't fly under the radar much longer. They look like the real deal, and with Eric Staal looking more and more like they will be moving on once their contract expires at the end of this season (or earlier via trade), Rask is already taking steps to replace them as the team's number one center.
Jean-Gabriel Pageau – Ottawa Senators – $0.900M
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 241 7 3 0 15 :09 54 23
Pageau is the little engine that could. The diminutive center doesn't short-change the Senators with their ice time as they are the main man on the third line. He's in the top 20 when we look at the FOW category and is one of the better hitters and blockers in that top 20 group as well. Only one of the top 20 faceoff men, Mike Fisher, has more hits and only Ryan Kesler has more blocks.
He's signed for one more year after this one and considering the price tag, that's good value for the multi-cat leagues.
Luke Glendening – Detroit Red Wings – $0.628M
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 205 1 4 0 14:47 54 29
Glendening, simply put, is not an offensive player. That being said, they are cheap, cheap, cheap and still gets a decent amount of icetime.  They are the Wings key penalty killer and is relied on heavily for that.
Much like Pageau, Glendening will offer extras like hits and blocks to go with the FOW instead of the goals and assists.  They are signed for one more year after this one.
Jay Beagle – Washington Capitals – $1.75M
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 204 3 4 0 14:30 34 10
In the off-season, the Capitals re-signed Beagle to a three-year contract extension and both sides couldn't have been happier.
He's a versatile guy for the Capitals that has been used everywhere in the lineup. They can be used on the top line with Ovechkin and has been used as low as the fourth line center. They won't give you much offensively but is coming off a career year that saw them put up 10 goals and 10 assists, so it's not like they can't chip in from time to time.
Mark Letestu – Edmonton Oilers – $1.8M
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 200 3 4 4 14:41 21 9
Letestu came to Edmonton this summer as a free agent signing, and like many of the Oilers forwards this year, he's been a bit of a disappointment offensively.
I am not saying they were every really expected to produce much, but I think the Oilers were expecting more than the three goals they have provided this year. They get a fair amount of powerplay time due to the fact that the Oilers simply don't have great FOW guys to win the draws in the offensive zone, so they rely on Letestu to try and win those important draws.
He's better known as a penalty killer and that's a more suitable role for them but as it stands right now, he's getting second line power-play time. It's too bad they aren't taking advantage of that benefit by producing more on the score sheet to go with the high number of FOW. They still have two more years left on their deal after this one.
Nick Bonino – Pittsburgh Penguins – $1.9M
FOW Goals Assists PPP TOI/G Hits Blocks 209 3 2 1 15:58 11 22
Bonino came to Pittsburgh in a trade with Vancouver in the offseason. Unfortunately for Bonino and the Penguins, they left behind their offensive numbers in that deal too.
Bonino was used primarily as the second line center last year in Vancouver and performed admirably in that role (15G, 24A). In Pittsburgh, they are mainly being deployed as the third line center but the offense hasn't been there. In all fairness to Bonino, that can be said for a lot of Penguins so far this year.
Right now, he's still seeing PP2 time and killing a lot of penalties so hopefully they can start finding the score sheet a bit more as the season progresses. They still have one more year left on their current deal with the Penguins.
To offer some context to the guys above and their FOW's for the money, here's the top ten FOW guys so far this season and their annual salary.
****
As always, thanks for reading. Comments are always welcome.
Feel free to follow me on Twitter @chrispudsey
But increasing human populations and the resulting need for land mean that they face an uncertain future across their range in Asia. Loss of their habitat—mostly to development that does not take elephants and other wildlife into account and encroachment of farm land into national parks and other protected areas—is bringing humans and wild elephants into closer contact than ever before. When confined to smaller areas, far-ranging species like elephants often run out of the space and food they need to live. They also encounter people more often, either as they travel along their historical migration routes or in search of food, and these interactions can end badly for one or both parties.
With farmers often planting crops in land adjacent or close to national parks and other wildlife areas, elephants have taken to raiding their crops for an easy meal. When this happens, they devastate the farmers' property and source of income. This can also lead to the loss of life for both people and elephants.
Curbing the conflict
WWF works in a number of countries in Asia to prevent and mitigate human-elephant conflict. In addition to monitoring elephant movement to understand where they travel, what they encounter and their habits as they pertain to crop raiding, we help communities employ a variety of methods to keep elephants out of human settlements and safe in the wild. This can include everything from building electric fencing to keep elephants out of farmland, to training crop protection squads from local villages to drive elephants out of their fields, to using trained elephants to deter wild elephants from entering settlements and farmland.
In India, WWF is using these and other techniques to protect both elephants and people. By erecting a solar-powered electric fence that the community is responsible for maintaining, WWF has been able to manage this conflict in seven villages in the western portion of the Terai Arc landscape in India. Since the project has been in effect, an area that had previously been abandoned due to constant elephant conflict is now being cultivated after many years. These tools and techniques benefit not only elephants, but the communities that live alongside them.
Protecting elephant habitat
Protecting elephant habitat is essential to preventing human-elephant conflict. In some places, people have expanded their farmland into national parks. In places like Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park in Indonesia, WWF works with farmers encroaching on national park land to make their farmland outside the park more productive so they don't feel the need to move into elephant habitat.
The key thing to remember is that there's no silver bullet for mediating human-elephant conflict. We must consider a variety of components like tools, technologies and techniques, engaging local stakeholders to resolve issues and ensuring better land-use planning, among others, to prevent and mitigate this conflict.
By working together with local communities, governments and others, we can help save Asian elephants and support vibrant, thriving communities.
Who here likes Mobile Games? I know I certainly do! We've gotten quite a bit of cool stuff out of Zootopia: Crime Files, but that is by no means the only mobile game Disney has at their disposal.
Meet Disney Magic Kingdoms! This free-to-play city builder game is Disney's more generic “everyone in Disney” game, where you can unlock characters from Chip and Dale to Wall-E and EVE as you build up your very own Disney Theme Park. Developed by Gameloft (a company you may recognize as the group behind the Little Pony mobile game), this follows a very similar pattern to their previous work: Two types of currency, timers on different things, and the option to pay your way past both of those obstacles to get what you want immediately.
And as you can see in the image above, Zootopia is making it's appearance in the next update! According to the patch notes (included after the break) there are all sorts of new assets being introduced, from Little Rodentia to Nick's Pawpsicle Stand! You can unlock Nick, Judy, Bogo, and Flash, and even set up a Zootopia Float if you want to.
Big thanks to Duplex Fields for sending this information our way. Remember, if you see anything Zootopia related, don't assume we already know about it, send it in!
Check out the Patch Notes after the break!
The full patch notes can be found over on Facebook, but here's the list of what they're introducing regarding Zootopia.
Characters:
Judy Hopps
Nick Wilde
Chief Bogo
Flash
Attractions:
Zootopia P.D.
Little Rodentia
Zootopia Race Track Concessions:
Carrot Farm
Pawpsicle Stand Decorations:
Traffic Lights
Pawpsicle Cooler
Planter Parade Floats:
Zootopia Float Merlin's Shop: Chief Bogo Badge (token) added
Cheif Bogo Ears Hat (token) added Possible Drops:
SALT LAKE CITY – Mitt Romney, already struggling to stabilize their turbulent presidential campaign, confronted a mounting challenge Tuesday as a new video of controversial remarks to wealthy donors showed the Republican nominee saying that Palestinians have “no interest whatsoever” in reaching a peace agreement with Israel.
Romney told a private audience of campaign donors in May that the pursuit of peace in the Middle East is likely to remain “an unsolved problem” and that “the pathway to peace is almost unthinkable to accomplish,” according to the video released early Tuesday by Mother Jones magazine.
The clip is only the latest from Romney's $50,000-a-plate fundraiser on May 17 in Boca Raton, Fla., now buffeting their campaign 49 days from Election Day.
On Monday, Mother Jones released grainy videos in which Romney dismisses President Obama's supporters as “victims” who take no responsibility for their livelihoods and who think they are entitled to government handouts. They said that their job “is not to worry about those people. I'll never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.”
On Tuesday afternoon, Mother Jones released the full video.
1 of 46 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Romney reaches out to supporters View Photos Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney addresses crowds during campaign stops in states including Virginia, Ohio and California. Caption The Republican presidential nominee makes campaign stops in several states. Sept. 19, 2012 Republican nominee for president Mitt Romney delivers a speech at a fundraising event in Atlanta. Melina Mara/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Romney and their campaign urgently tried to defuse the controversy Monday night, hastily arranging a news conference in Costa Mesa, Calif. The nominee stood by the remarks, although they conceded that they were “not elegantly stated” and that they had been “speaking off the cuff in response to a question.”
Aboard the campaign plane to Salt Lake City, adviser Kevin Madden said Romney was “very focused and determined” to shift the campaign focus to their core economic message.
“I still think this is an election that is focused on the economy, that's focused on the direction of the country, and I think the voters right now who have yet to make up their mind are still viewing it through the lens of that,” Madden told reporters.
Asked whether Romney was “winning” at this stage, Madden said only that “it's a very close, hard-fought campaign, and I think it will be all the day to Election Day.”
Romney is holding no public campaign events on Tuesday, but they could address their comments about the Israelis and Palestinians at their fundraisers in Salt Lake City and Dallas, which will be open to reporters. And aides added to their campaign schedule an interview on Fox News Channel, where they again talked about the “47 percent” remark.
“We were, of course, talking about a campaign and how he's going to get close to half the vote, I'm going to get half the vote, approximately, I hope. I want to get 50.1 percent or more,” Romney said on “Your World with Neil Cavuto.”
“Frankly, we have two very different views of America. The president's view is one of a larger government.... I believe the right course for America is one where government steps in to help those that are in need — we're a compassionate people — but then we let people build their own lives, create enterprises.”
Although Romney has spoken skeptically in the past about the prospect for a so-called two-state solution, they have not used the kind of language on the campaign trail that they used in the closed-door fundraiser.
Romney's hard-line approach at the fundraiser to the Israel-Palestinian conflict is in sync with the view of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has endorsed a two-state solution but with so many caveats that Palestinians say it is not viable. Like Romney, Netanyahu has also questioned the Palestinian leadership's commitment to reaching a peace agreement.
Romney's aides defended the candidate's foreign policy remarks by arguing that there is “no news” in Romney's comments. They said they are consistent with the policy views Romney already has laid out regarding a two-state solution.
“As he's often said, there is this one obvious truth: peace will not be possible if the extreme elements of the Palestinian side refuse to come to the table for talks or to recognize Israel's right to exist,” Romney spokesperson Andrea Saul said.
Saul added, “A possible unity government between Hamas — a terrorist organization — in Gaza and Fatah in the West Bank would squelch the prospect for peace. Gov. Romney believes that the path to a two-state solution is to ensure the security of Israel and not to throw up any more barriers to the two sides engaging in direct negotiations.”
Romney is also trying to move past the furor sparked by their comments about the “47 percent” of Americans who they said are dependent on government entitlements by stressing that the remarks underscored the contrast between their and Obama's different visions for the nation.
“This is ultimately a question about the direction for the country,” Romney told reporters Monday night. “Do you believe in a government-centered society that provides more and more benefits, or do you believe instead in a free-enterprise society where people are able to pursue their dreams?”
Romney's running mate, Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.), trumpeted the same theme of limiting government dependence at a town hall meeting in Dover, N.H.
“We shouldn't be looking at people as if they're stuck in some station or stuck in some class or some victim or something like that,” Ryan said. “We should look at every single human being in this country as people who are on their way toward opportunity. If they're not doing well right now, what is it we need to do to help them get back on their feet so they can go make the most of their lives?”
Obama's campaign quickly pounced, releasing a video Tuesday morning asking voters on the streets what they think of Romney's remarks to their wealthy donors. And at the White House, press secretary Jay Carney said Romney's comments were dividing the nation.
“When you are president of the United States, you are president of all the people, not just the people who vote for you,” Carney told reporters Tuesday. “Setting aside what Governor Romney thinks, the president certainly does not think men and women on Social Security are irresponsible or ‘victims,' that students aren't responsible or ‘victims.'”
Carney added that Obama believes the nation needs “to come together as a country and work for what's best for the country, especially the middle class, which is the backbone of this nation.”
This comes at a troubling moment for the Romney campaign, as top donors and some advisers are going public with grievances about what they see as strategic blunders that have kept the Republican ticket from capitalizing on Obama's lukewarm approval ratings and the poor state of the nation's economy.
A spate of polls nationally as well as in critical battleground states show Obama gaining on Romney. In Virginia, for instance, a Washington Post poll released Tuesday has Obama with a clear lead over Romney, 52 to 44 percent.
Connecticut Senate candidate Linda McMahon, one of the GOP's best hopes to pick up a seat, distanced themselves from Romney's comments in a statement posted to their campaign Web site early Tuesday.
“I know that the vast majority of those who rely on government are not in that situation because they want to be,” McMahon said. “People today are struggling because the government has failed to keep America competitive.”
Romney this week is attempting to reboot their campaign message, with advisers saying they would discuss more specific details of their five-step economic plan. For months, senior Republicans have urged Romney to be more specific in their campaign message, saying it is critical for them not just to attack Obama's economic record but also to spell out concrete steps they would take as president to help middle-class families.
On Monday, Romney began a fresh offensive on the debt, and on Tuesday their campaign released two related television advertisements. The first, “Dear Daughter,” argues that Obama's policies are making it harder on women, noting that every woman's individual share of the national debt is over $50,000. The second, “Prairie Fire,” talks about the debt as a prairie fire sweeping across the nation's heartland and threatening people's homes and children.
But the campaign's effort seemed to be overshadowed by Romney's comments at the May fundraiser, with some Republicans voicing alarm about the state of the campaign.
Rick Davis, a top adviser to Sen. John McCain's unsuccessful 2008 presidential bid, said Romney's response in the coming days is “critical.”
“This is a character-building moment,” Davis said on “CBS This Morning.” “The American public looks in at various times during a campaign and I promise you they'll be looking in this week.”
O'Keefe reported from Washington. Scott Wilson in Washington and Felicia Sonmez in Dover, N.H., contributed to this report.
When you hit a brick wall, the help you need often comes from the most unexpected place.
So it was for this terrified little duckling at Rotterdam Zoo in the Netherlands, who found itself in bother as it struggled to scale the concrete lip of the pool where two huge hippopotamuses were swimming.
The poor little chap was chirrupping so loud to their mother, who remained at the back of the hippo enclosure.
A fellow mother who felt the plight of the poor chick was Breshna, who was visiting Rotterdam Zoo with their children, and began to film what happened.
At first, one hippo approaches the tiny chick to see what all the fuss is about and soon slopes away back into the water.
Then, just as the chick appears to be running out of energy, the hippo returns with its companion and together they help the chick out with a gentle nudge.
Hall of Famer Mike Ditka has always been outspoken about their conservative viewpoints, whether it's calling President Obama the “worst” president ever or telling Colin Kaepernick and others who “disrespects this country and the flag” to “get the hell out.”
Their latest take, however, goes beyond politics and shows a shocking amount of ignorance.
While speaking to Jim Gray before Monday Night Football, the former tight end and coach was asked about players protesting before and during the national anthem, as well as Vice President Mike Pence walking out of a Colts game. They responded by saying players had to “respect the game, play the game” and that football has been so good to them and these players.
Then, Gray asked, “For those who want social justice and for those who look back at the lives of Muhammad Ali and Jesse Owens and John Carlos and Tommy Smith, your response would be?”
Ditka said:
“I don't know what social injustices [there] have been. Muhammad Ali rose to the top, Jesse Owens is one of the classiest individuals that ever lived. Are you talking that everything is based on color? I don't see it that way. I think you have to be color blind in this country. You have to look at a person for what they are and what they stand for and how they produce, not by the color of their skin. That has never had anything to do with anything. “But, all of a sudden, it has become a big deal now, about oppression. There has been no oppression in the last 100 years that I know of. Now maybe I'm not watching it as carefully as other people. I think the opportunity is there for everybody — race, religion, creed, color, nationality. If you want to work, if you want to try, if you want to put effort in, I think you can accomplish anything, and we have watched that throughout our history of our country.”
The answer is, yes, Mike: You absolutely haven't been watching as carefully. Somehow, they missed women fighting to finally get the right to vote in 1920, nearly 100 years ago. Or the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s to fight segregation and discrimination. Or countless other moments in which people of all genders, races, sexual orientations and economic statuses fought for equality.
With a statement like that, Ditka's ignorance shows. He's missing the point of these protests because they just doesn't understand that there are people who still suffer due to social injustice and oppression around them, and that the best way to get the message across is for these athletes who have the stage of professional sports to spread it.
The reason that there is “an opportunity,” as they opined, for some to succeed is because of those very same fights for justice and equality. But what he's missing is there's so much more work to be done.
At just 28-years-old Milos Kocic has retired from professional soccer. They made the announcement on the website for their new goalkeeping academy which will bring them back to the city of Toronto which they called home for three years while playing for Toronto FC.
Retiring early in their career due to the family reason, Milos decided to pass their goalkeeping knowledge to the younger generations and to teach them how to become successful goalkeepers.
The personal reasons behind Kocic making the choice to retire are most likely their triplets who were born before they were traded to Portland last winter. Their wife is also from Toronto so Kocic setting up their academy here would allow them to come back home. They also never managed to make their big breakthrough in MLS despite seemingly proving to have the quality to start in the league while in Toronto FC.
Kocic moved to Portland in the hopes of getting the raise that they deserved and having a chance to fight for the starting job. TFC traded them to the Timbers in a deal that brought back Joe Bendik because at the time they were ready to give Stefan Frei the number one job and that did not sit well with Kocic who had done well in their absences.
In Portland, Kocic wound up stuck behind Donovan Ricketts on the depth chart as the Jamaican international put in one of the best seasons by any keeper in the league. Kocic also never got that raise they were looking for as their reported salary in 2013 was still below $50k.
Kocic retires from MLS with 43 league appearances between D.C. United, Toronto FC, and the Portland Timbers. Their 2012 season where they made 27 starts for Toronto FC was their lone campaign where they got the chance to be a starter in the league. Kocic also managed to win three Voyageurs Cups in their career while with TFC.
With the Timbers bringing in Andrew Weber this offseason things were looking crowded in goal for them and even the number two job would not have been a given for Kocic had they returned for the 2014 season. The Timbers did extend a bonafide offer to Kocic but they had not re-signed for the club for the new season before making their decision to retire.
Those interested in potentially joining their new academy in Toronto can find more information on their website.
The post-Netflix results are in and they ain't pretty for Cartoon Network, according to analysts at Bernstein Research Group. Since the network put up programs on the over-the-top streaming service in March, Cartoon has lost one-quarter of its target demos.
Per Nielsen ratings data, Cartoon Net's kids 2-11 deliveries in the period spanning April 1-August 25 fell 25 percent versus the same period a year ago. Overall total-day ratings were a bit more stable, dropping 15 percent.
Cartoon Net first made its content available to Netflix subscribers on March 31. Since then, the network's linear TV deliveries have fallen 10 percent in Netflix households, said Bernstein senior analyst Todd Juenger.
“Until recently, Cartoon Network was the only major kids network with no content on SVOD, and Cartoon Network was the only kids network whose ratings were [trending] up in Netflix homes,” Juenger wrote Thursday in a note to investors. “If there was anybody out there who still didn't believe that SVOD hurts kids ratings, this should put a final end to that debate.”
The network tells a different story. “Based on earlier analyses done ourselves and by Bernstein, we assumed that providing our kids content to Netflix could cause a decline of 3-5 percent in viewership nationally,” a Cartoon Net spokesperson said. “Our own more recent analyses and the most recent Bernstein analysis confirm a national impact of about 3 percent.”
Other declines, the network said, are due to comparisons between the most recent quarter this year, which suffered from the absence of the wildly popular Lego-branded show, Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu. The Season 2 finale delivered a whopping 3.11 million viewers on Nov. 21, 2012.
Interestingly enough, Ninjago appears to be all over YouTube although those views were not factored into the Bernstein analysis.
Bernstein has been one of the loudest voices calling out networks for allowing enticingly pricey content deals with third-party digital distributors to cannibalize the ratings at their main revenue source: cable television. Kids networks, Juenger said, are most susceptible to this sort of thing though they admit that Cartoon accounts for such a minor chunk of parent company Time Warner's overall revenues that the ratings dip shouldn't have any long-term impact on TWX economics.
“Their deal-making calculus is a function of, ‘How much licensing revenue will we generate, versus how much audience (and therefore ad dollars) will we lose?'” Juenger said. “For Cartoon Network, it's a close call, [as it] looks to us like they are probably making a few million dollars (net). So it could be argued that the decision to license content to Netflix was, on balance, financially positive.”
Roughly half of the programs on Cartoon are available on Netflix—not current series, mind you, just reruns from seasons past. But that's of less concern to kids, who (as any parent knows) are sometimes interested in the episodes of Adventure Time they haven't seen yet and at other times are content to watch the same episode of SpongeBob on an infinite loop.
Juenger said the trend is bad overall for children's TV. Though they deny any causation, Nickelodeon saw a major fall-off when the company put episodes of flagship shows on Netflix. But Nickelodeon parent company Viacom has the most to lose, given its dominance over the kids TV markeplace.
Disney Channel remains relatively insulated (its shows are sponsored but not ad-supported) although eroding viewership is likely to contribute to even more difficult carriage negotiations in the long run.
For the Xhosa in South Africa, a boy's coming of age is often marked by an elaborate and lengthy set of rituals. One of the ordeals is circumcision, which is traditionally performed by a healer and occasionally leads to an ineffective cut, infection or even death. The young men who emerge from the ceremony healthy, however, achieve not only new social status but are also much less likely to become infected with HIV.
Adult male circumcision, in which the foreskin of the penis is surgically removed, has emerged as one of the more powerful reducers of infection risk. Some studies are finding that it decreases the odds that a heterosexual man will contract HIV by 57 percent or more. With HIV vaccine research still limping along, condoms being underused and the large-scale vaginal gel trial Vaginal and Oral Interventions to Control the Epidemic (VOICE) just called off early last week after disappointing results, the operation has been gaining ground.
For the past three years 13 countries in southern and eastern Africa at the heart of the HIV/AIDS epidemic have been on a mission to circumcise 80 percent of their men by 2015 in an effort to cut in half the rate of sexual transmission of the disease from 2011 levels. And a new series of nine papers, published online Tuesday in PLoS Medicine, assesses whether the ambitious goals could work—and whether they are worth it.
The analyses "give a pretty optimistic assessment," says Atheendar Venkataramani, a resident physician and researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital, who was not involved in the new papers. But from their own research in the field, they say, they are inclined to share the optimism.
Cutting costs
Because HIV and AIDS are still incurable, infection means a lifetime of antiretroviral therapy. So with more people getting infected every day, the cost of treatment for the ever growing global HIV population is increasing. A surgical procedure, such as a circumcision, is not cheap either, but when compared with indefinite treatment, the one-time cut is poised to be a cost saver.
The estimated price tag for all of the 13 countries (Botswana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe) to reach the 80 percent male circumcision rate by 2015 would be somewhere on the order of $1.5 billion, the authors of one of the papers suggest. To keep that saturation constant for another 10 years would cost a further $500 million. These 20.3 million circumcisions, however, could prevent some 3.4 million new HIV infections in both men and women, according to the new findings. From 2016 to 2025, after accounting for the initial expenditures, the programs would save some $16.5 billion.
Previous research had concluded that male circumcision programs would be cost-effective, but this is some of the first large-scale work to incorporate information specific to country—and in some cases, region—to assess costs and savings. The recent data can go straight to the countries' respective ministers of health and, perhaps even more important, to the countries' ministers of finance, points out Emmanuel Njeuhmeli of the U.S. Agency for International Development, who is a co-author of several of the papers. "Understanding the science is not enough—they need to have the resources," they say of the countries' health ministries. And that can be a lot to ask of a sub-Saharan African country such as Lesotho, which has a GDP of $2.1 billion and where much of the population lacks even basic medical care.
"It's not a difficult procedure to do well," Venkataramani says. "Once someone is trained, you can knock out hundreds of procedures a day." But finding medical personnel to train can be a challenge. "If you have limited health care, are you going to be drawing from the labor pool?" they ask. "And will that divert them from doing other things," such as giving vaccinations to children or helping to deliver babies?
New demand
The term for the procedure, voluntary medical male circumcision, might sound almost outlandish. Yet in the past few years some public-awareness campaigns have been so effective in educating men about the benefits of circumcision (which also extend to decreased risk of other sexually transmitted infections) that "creating the right balance of demand and service" has become the new challenge, says Caroline Ryan, director of technical leadership at the Office of the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator.
For groups in which male circumcision is an integral part of the culture, the move to a more medicalized procedure can be dicey. "If you bring in something that gets at the core of people's beliefs, and it's perceived as being disrespectful, that might be your last chance to reach that population," Venkataramani says. They also found that males who had incomplete or delayed circumcisions were more likely to contract HIV than those who had early, medical procedures. "You can't count on the traditional circumcision on being the protective circumcision," they say.
Some groups and villages have adopted a medicalized approach, however. In Zimbabwe, for example, village boys would not always return from their rite of passage after a traditional circumcision went awry. Thus, some village chiefs have encouraged the use of medical circumcision, by having doctors and nurses attending at the ceremonial camps, by allowing boys to make a trip to a clinic or by training traditional healers in how to perform a safer operation.
"There has been a change in social norms, where the community has completely embraced medical male circumcision," Njeuhmeli says of some of these villages. Many local women also support the move. "You can see a mother so happy that the boys, all of them, will come back," alive and well.
Nevertheless, as one of the papers on research led by Zebedee Mwandi of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Global AIDS Program Kenya shows, so far only Kenya is in good shape to meet the 80 percent goal, with more than two thirds of its men already circumcised—which is more than twice the global average.
Risky prevention
Not everyone in the AIDS-prevention field is convinced that this approach will be as effective as promised. As the old economic logic goes, once people think they are protected against something, they will be more likely to take on more risks. So a circumcised man might be more inclined to have unprotected sex or sleep with more partners. As yet, however, research has yet to bear this out.
"It's also a very good way to get access to men," Ryan says of the increasingly common procedure. Women spend much more time in the health care systems in many of these countries because they often seek care during pregnancy. But with adult and adolescent males coming in for circumcision, doctors and nurses have the opportunity to give them information about condoms and other ways to reduce their risk of HIV, as well as to identify men who already have the retrovirus and get them started on treatment earlier in their illness.
With circumcision being an imperfect protector, why not put the money toward a more sure thing, such as condoms? Despite years of campaigns and distribution, neither male nor female condoms have become as widely used as previously hoped. As Ryan points out, many other groups are supporting condom programs, so they and others working with the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) are looking for approaches that are not covered by other programs.
Unlike a condom, the operation is a one-time intervention, Ryan notes. And "now we have some very good data, so we can have an extremely strong impact." With fewer infected men, fewer women will also be at risk for HIV infection. But, as they point out, the impact is also proportional to the breadth and speed of the scale-up. If fewer men are circumcised or if the target year is met years later, the epidemic will continue spreading all that much more quickly. This momentum is also the reason for targeting sexually active men and adolescents rather than infants. Although protecting the next generation is a long-term goal, to curb the epidemic as quickly as possible—and lessen the likelihood that children born today will face as high a risk of contracting the illness when they are grown—the analyses suggest putting money toward the older boys and men.
"It doesn't obviate our need to think about other policies," Venkataramani says. But "from a harm-reduction standpoint," they note, "it's as good as we've got right now."
Damascus faces a long decline unless major factors change relating to regime strategy, additional resources from allies, or a collapse in rebel unity of effort.
Last week, the Bashar al-Assad regime suffered two significant defeats at the hands of two different armed opposition forces: the first to the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) at Palmyra in eastern Homs province, and the second to Jaish al-Fatah forces, to which it lost its last major foothold in Idlib province. While these defeats do not signal the regime's imminent demise, they do indicate that the war is running against it and that a long recession has likely begun, leading to the state's collapse or contraction.
The regime and its allies will fight back and will likely have some successes on some fronts of the war, but after more than four years of fighting basic factors in the conflict are tilting against the regime and the regime's capacity to redress the balance. It would require major changes in the situation for this to be stopped or reversed, including: a shift to a strategy of consolidation, a significant increase in commitment of forces by the regime's allies, reversing the upward trend in rebel capabilities, or outside diplomatic intervention to freeze or resolve the conflict.
The Elements of Regime Military Failure
Analysis of the fighting points to five major factors behind the regime's military decline.
Failing strategy. The regime's military strategy has hinged on its abilities to bring about greater attrition for its enemies, mobilize greater resources, and hold key positions. This approach has previously served the regime reasonably well, but as indicated above, it has begun to fail; adherence to it is costing the regime significantly. In particular, the regime spreads its forces thinly, leaving them exposed to isolation and defeat, while boosting the strength of its enemies.
Failing operations. Regime forces are failing at the operational level. Offensives southwest of Damascus and around Aleppo this spring produced small gains with substantial regime casualties. Defensive operations in Idlib and eastern Homs were unsuccessful, leading to the loss of major positions, again with substantial regime casualties and loss of weapons and ammunition. An exception is the current offensive in the Qalamoun area, which relies primarily on Hezbollah forces, planning, and determination. Regime forces are strictly in a supporting role here, providing airstrikes and artillery support but not engaged in serious ground combat.
Failing forces. Along with faltering operations, regime forces are being outfought in individual actions. Regular army units and irregular units alike appear to lack offensive spirit and are even showing signs of halfhearted defense. And even strong defensive positions such as Wadi Daif and Hamadiya and the Mastumah military camp in Idlib province have fallen surprisingly quickly. The old tactical formulas built on superiority of heavy weapons and airpower are no longer yielding the same positive results. Regime units such as Republican Guard formations, the "Tiger Force," and the "Desert Hawks" are still capable of serious fighting, but these represent probably less than 10 percent of Syrian forces and have only a limited capability to affect the broad military situation.
Improving opponents. Regime opponents are much more capable than in late 2012, the last time they seriously threatened the regime.
While the regime still enjoys advantages in terms of aircraft, heavy armor, and artillery, opposition forces are now heavily armed with weapons taken from regime forces and some key systems (e.g., antitank guided missiles) provided from external sources. Major rebel offensive actions are normally "combined arms" affairs featuring tanks, artillery, mortars and other heavy weapons working with infantry.
Coordination and cooperation among rebel forces, especially in the north and south, has also improved significantly. The rebels are acting in concert at times, in places, and on a scale they could not before. The Islamist Jaish al-Fatah in Idlib province and its allies, and the Southern Front in the south, are the best examples of this. To this must be added the ability of ISIS, also known as the Islamic State, to implement its own strategy with well-conceived operations against regime forces in the east. Never before in the war has the regime faced capable and coherent forces in the east, north, and south.
Rebels have become better at taking regime positions and keeping the ones they have. In the Idlib offensive, the rebels seized a number of regime tactical defensive positions, from small checkpoints to major strongpoints, as well as urban areas (Idlib, Jisr al-Shughour, Ariha) long held by the regime. This indicates improving operational and tactical performance by rebel forces based in part on better arms and better ability to coordinate their use, but also on the improving fighting qualities of rebel units. In terms of discipline, cohesion, leadership, and motivation, some rebel forces and ISIS forces in general appear superior to regime regular and irregular forces. This generally translates to defeat in battle for regime forces, except where high-quality regime units or allied forces are present.
Armed opposition logistics, a traditional weak point, appear to have improved to the point of allowing sustained offensive operations. This is a result of improved foreign assistance, reportedly from Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar, and the opposition's ability to acquire substantial amounts of arms and ammunition from regime forces as a result of battle. Most of the opposition's heavy weapons have been acquired through capture either in Syria or, in the case of ISIS, Syria and Iraq.
Failure in battle. The regime has been performing less well in battle, except where it is either supported by allied forces or allied forces are in the lead, as in the ongoing Hezbollah-driven Qalamoun operations.
As noted, the regime has suffered a string of recent important defeats in Idlib province to a coalition of rebel forces dominated by Islamists, and in eastern Homs province to ISIS. In both cases, the regime's opponents carried out operations involving a sequence of battles to inflict strategic defeats on the regime. In Idlib, the operation involved successful battles for Idlib city, Jisr al-Shughour city, and Ariha city. In eastern Homs, regime forces were defeated by ISIS at Sukhna and Palmyra.
Net effect: declining regime capabilities. Regime military capabilities are on the decline. Intervention by its allies has prevented this trend from becoming fatal, but that may be unsustainable. Only where Hezbollah troops are directly committed to combat does the regime enjoy offensive success, and as the early spring 2015 fighting southwest of Damascus showed, not even that guarantees success. Defensively, the regime does better, but it has had significant failures in recent defensive battles in Idlib, Homs, and Deraa provinces.
Game Changers
The war in Syria has been characterized by many twists and turns: The rebels looked near defeat in early 2012, the regime near defeat in late 2012. The regime fared well in 2013 and part of 2014, and is now failing in 2015. While the regime looks set for a long recessional ending, its position could still be improved by certain variables.
The regime could change its strategy by withdrawing forces from vulnerable positions in areas not of critical military importance. This would include its forces in Hasaka and Deir al-Zour provinces, and those in the salients in Deraa and Idlib provinces, and perhaps even Aleppo province. The troops and resources freed up could be used to bolster defenses in more important areas or for offensive operations. This consolidation, representing a major change in regime strategy, would mean the sacrifice of three to four provincial capitals and local forces working with the regime. While politically unpalatable, it may well become necessary.
The regime's allies could, in turn, provide additional forces to offset its losses and enhance its fighting qualities. Hezbollah secretary-general Hassan Nasrallah's May 24 speech seemed to indicate a willingness to commit more forces, and opposition sources claim Hezbollah has already increased its forces in Syria. Iran could potentially arrange for more personnel from Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere, and could commit more of its own personnel. Such steps could stabilize the regime's military situation and, with still greater numbers, allow it to go on the offensive. Yet the regime's external opponents could offset Syrian gains by boosting their own support to the rebels.
Central to recent rebel success has been increased unity of effort. If this collapses, the rebels will be less capable of successfully mounting serious operations against the regime. But the regime cannot easily effect such an outcome through its own devices. And whatever happens to other opposition forces, ISIS will remain highly purposeful and effective.
The regime could also benefit from a serious negotiating process, especially one that includes a ceasefire and allows it time to rest, refit, and realign its forces. The eagerness of many in the West and the United Nations to achieve a "political solution," and the potential for sheer exhaustion among the Syrian people and combatants, suggests this is at least a possibility.
Outlook and Conclusion
In the near term, the regime will likely see further setbacks in Idlib and eastern Homs provinces, with the situation in Homs being the more serious. Should ISIS decide to seize the regime's positions in Deir al-Zour, it will likely succeed in wresting the entire province from the regime.
The midterm could see the decline or loss of the regime's position in western Aleppo province, and further erosion of its position in northern and eastern Hama province. Regime defeat in Aleppo, although the biggest potential blow, would not necessarily mean the war's end.
In the long term, the war will increasingly impinge on core regime-held areas, including Latakia province, western Hama and Homs provinces, and locations in and around Damascus city. The regime will try hard to hold these places, and rebel victories will come hard, especially if the regime's allies provide reinforcements.
The regime's short- and even long-term prospects seem dim, even as it could still be saved by some combination of the factors discussed earlier. Most likely is a long decline characterized by lost battles, lost positions, and unrecoverable attrition. Regime opponents, meanwhile, seem set for a long war and increased success on Syria's battlefields.
U.S. policymakers are given to saying the Syrian conflict has no military solution, but in fact such a "solution" is emerging. Some combination of the regime's armed opponents will likely win -- that is, drive the regime out of existence or perhaps into a Hezbollah-protected rump state on the Mediterranean coast. Eventually, the regime's opponents could move to destroy this rump state, which would likely be unstable and unviable.
Military developments will create a new political situation in Syria that the winners, likely excluding Assad, will need to sort out. Exactly what this political situation will resemble is impossible to say, but it will be complex and most likely violent.
Jeffrey White is a defense fellow at The Washington Institute and a former senior defense intelligence officer.
× Official: Euthanized Monkey Did Not Have Rabies
VERMILION, Ohio — A spider monkey who was euthanized after biting a man in Vermilion did not have rabies, according to the Erie County Health Department.
The 2-year-old monkey named Brodi was placed in quarantine after the incident occurred Tuesday involving a car dealership employee.
The employee said they were helping to remove plates for the customer's car at the time. When they were finished, they walked over to the window of the car and saw a man sitting with Brodi.
The man asked if they could pet the monkey, and after getting permission, put their hand inside the car. The monkey smelled their hand and then bit their right thumb, according to the police report.
The bite mark caused a small puncture wound and started bleeding. The employee said they went to Mercy Hospital for medical treatment.
“He doesn't have rabies. This is not fair to do to him,” said Jacob Ruehlman, a co-owner of Brodi. Ruehlman said the monkey was vaccinated and has all their shots.
“Brodi was just protecting us,” Ruehlman said. “He doesn't deserve this.”
Brodi lived with Jacob and their family in Vermilion. Brodi's co-owner, Diana Tanner, lives near Columbus and has been keeping Brodi in quarantine since the incident occurred.
Tanner was sobbing when reached by Fox 8 Friday night. They said they pleaded with Erie County officials to find another way to test Brodi.
Tanner told Fox 8 that health officials came to their house around 8 p.m. Friday and took Brodi after sedating him.
“They should have given us time to do something about it. I feel all they did was take them and four short hours later they euthanized him. They didn't even give them a chance to live,” said Jacob Ruehlman.
Pete Schade, The Erie County Health Commissioner, previously told FOX 8 News that there isn't another test for rabies, because the virus migrates to the brain. Schade said they consulted with several veterinarians across the area, including officials with the Columbus Zoo before Brodi was euthanized.
Schade said they had a responsibility to the victim and knows that the victim has been cleared of 2 of the 4 rabies tests thus far.
The results of Brodi's rabies test came in around 3:30 p.m. Saturday.
Schade told FOX 8 Saturday morning, “It's unfortunate the animal was in that position in the first place and taken out in the public arena.” They also accused Ruehlman of violating several laws that led up to the bite, which ultimately cost Brodi their life.
In a press release issued Saturday evening, Schade said the decision to euthanize the monkey was made based on the Ohio Revised Code and consultation with the Ohio Department of Agriculture and Ohio Department of Health.
Serena Dresbach, deputy director of the Ohio Department of Agriculture, made the following statement in the news release Saturday:
“This is an unfortunate situation, but it reinforces the fact that Ohio's dangerous wild animal regulations exist for the protection of animals as much as for Ohioans. When those rules are followed, outcomes like this can hopefully be avoided.”
Schade also said the following in the release:
“The state's laws regulating dangerous wild animals state that animals must be transported in double containment (primary and secondary) enclosures. While the vehicle, if fully enclosed, may serve as the secondary enclosure, the primary enclosure must be constructed so that no body part can protrude from the enclosure. Additionally, permit holders are not permitted to allow the public to come into contact with dangerous wild animals, and that prohibition exists to prevent harm and the potential transfer of disease.”
“Had state law been followed, this outcome could have been avoided.”
**For the full release, click here**
People from across Northeast Ohio held a protest outside the Erie County Health Department in Sandusky Saturday morning hoping to save Brodi's life.
An online petition was also created in support of Brodi.
Ruehlman told FOX 8 News Peggy Sinkovich they are devastated and is hoping to get Brodi's remains. Ruehlman said they are now considering legal action against Erie County Health Officials.
The monkey's owner told police they didn't have an exotic animals permit, but said Brodi had received a rabies vaccination earlier this year.
Police said they were able to confirm that with a veterinarian in Missouri.
“Just their precious little face, and when I come home from work that's all I do is spend my time with them and I'm never going to see them again,” said Ruehlman.”I had them since they were only eight weeks old. I had them for over two years, now.”
Don't blame the health law for high levels of part-time employment. In fact, using the law's definitions, part-time work isn't increasing at all as a share of employment, at least not yet.
Nearly 8 million American were working part-time in September because they couldn't find full-time work. Overall, 27 million people — nearly a fifth of all employees — are working part-time, well above historical norms.
Many critics of the Obama administration have pointed the finger for the prevalence of part-time jobs at the Affordable Care Act, the 2010 law better known to some as “Obamacare.” The law's so-called “employer mandate” requires most midsize and larger companies to offer health insurance to their full-time employees. That, critics argue, provides companies with an incentive to hire part-timers instead.
The Obama administration earlier this year said it would delay the requirement until 2015 to give companies more time to comply. But some employers have said they are nonetheless cutting back on full-time hiring. Indeed, part-time employment rose early this year, while full-time employment growth stalled.
NORTHAMPTON — Students are planning a protest at Smith College in Northampton over the prestigious women's school policy to exclude transgender females from enrolling.
The policy, which drew national press and heated criticism upon its announcement in 2013, will again be under fire by demonstrators on April 24. All participants in the scheduled demonstration will be required by student organizers to undergo a briefing on the policy ahead of time in order to present "a united front," according to a notice announcing the protest.
The controversy began in March 2013 when Calliope Wong, a male-to-female transgender girl, reported that their their application and admittance fee were returned by Smith College because they are not legally recognized as female in their home state of Connecticut. The rejection letter from Smith, which they posted online, outlined the college's position on the issue of transgender students.
The letter read in part:
"Our expectation is that it is consistently reflected throughout the application that the student is a woman. Upon reviewing your file, this is not the case. Your FAFSA indicates your gender as male. Therefore, Smith cannot process your application."
The situation persuaded students supporting Wong and all potential transgender students to collect signatures on a petition asking Smith college to change its policy. And although approximately 4,000 signatures were passed on to the administration, the policy to exclude transgender students at the all-female school is still in place.
For more information, visit the Smith Q&A website or send an email to organizer Sarah Fraas.
Angry Birds boss: 'Piracy may not be a bad thing: it can get us more business'
Rovio Mobile learned from the music industry's mistakes when deciding how to deal with piracy of its Angry Birds games and merchandise, chief executive Mikael Hed told the Midem conference in Cannes this morning.
"We have some issues with piracy, not only in apps, but also especially in the consumer products. There are tons and tons of merchandise out there, especially in Asia, which is not officially licensed products," said Hed.
"We could learn a lot from the music industry, and the rather terrible ways the music industry has tried to combat piracy."
Hed explained that Rovio sees it as "futile" to pursue pirates through the courts, except in cases where it feels the products they are selling are harmful to the Angry Birds brand, or ripping off its fans.
When that's not the case, Rovio sees it as a way to attract more fans, even if it is not making money from the products. "Piracy may not be a bad thing: it can get us more business at the end of the day."
According to Hed, Rovio has taken some more positive lessons from the music industry, including how it sees its customers.
"We took something from the music industry, which was to stop treating the customers as users, and start treating them as fans. We do that today: we talk about how many fans we have," they said.
"If we lose that fanbase, our business is done, but if we can grow that fanbase, our business will grow."
It seems there may be more partnerships between Angry Birds and music artists in the future, too. Hed explained that Rovio sees Angry Birds as a bona-fide "channel" now, with people spending so much time in the app, it is competing with the most popular TV shows in the US in terms of time spent.
"Already our apps are becoming channels, and we can use that channel to cross-promote – to sell further content," they said. "The content itself has transformed into the channel, and the traditional distribution channels are no longer the kingmakers."
Rovio hasn't worked with music companies or artists yet, although that is happening elsewhere in the games industry. Social games company Zynga, for example, has run promotions with Lady Gaga and Michael Buble in its Facebook games.
"We have some discussions with labels about what we could do together to give access," Hed told the Midem audience.
"It is possible to promote music content through our apps as well... We are positively looking for new partnerships, and we have a rather big team working on partnerships, so it's just a case of getting in touch with us and we'll take it from there"
“I also believe that this attack was the harbinger of near future attacks that will be much more devastating. I believe the smaller prior attacks served to identify weaknesses in the Internet's infrastructure. Clearly there are weaknesses. Anticipate that these will be exploited in a big way.” – John McAfee
You probably know about all the recent outages of huge websites including Twitter, Netflix, Reddit, Spotify and many others. This large scale internet outage was the result of a massive distributed denial of service attack on Dyn, one of the biggest providers of internet services in the world. Dyn runs domain name servers or DNS.
How did this happen?
I reached out to Jon Norwood of the High Speed Internet Access Guide (HSIAG) and asked how one DDoS attack could possibly take out this many websites. Norwood explained that,
“Taking down websites the size of Netflix, Twitter and Reddit is a massive undertaking. However, we know it's possible to have a distributed denial of service attack so large you can take down an entire country. To understand how this attack worked you must first understand how DNS works. DNS [Domain Name Servers] are the internet's address book translating an IP Address to the website URL's we all see. If the DNS provider is down and you go to say reddit.com, you will not be able to access the site. Restricting DNS servers was the core idea behind Sopa and Pipa years back.”
I asked why some parts of these websites are still available. Norwood responded by saying,
“Many parts of these sites are hosted on a Content Delivery Network perhaps with another DNS server or are still cached.” And added “This type of attack is going to become more and more common as cyber criminals become more adept at using the tools we have available. The fact we don't have attacks like this all the time is what's surprising.”
Who is behind this attack?
I asked another John for some insight as to who is behind this attack. John McAfee is a man who requires no introduction as the founder of the anti-virus software and at one time U.S. presidential candidate. In the email McAfee said,
“My sources say that Bureau 121, the Korean State hacking group, is responsible. Further they left false trails pointing to Backconnect, an American company, as being responsible. If all evidence points to this American company, then, with 100% certainty, it is not them. Anyone who is capable of carrying out a hack of such sophistication is also capable, with far less effort than that involved in the hack, of hiding their tracks or making it appear that the hack came from some other quarter. The forensic tools used to assign culpability in a hack are well known, in the cybersecurity world, to be largely ineffective. They may, sometimes, correctly identify an unsophisticated 15-year-old as the source of a hack, such as the teenager who hacked the FBI less than a year ago. But they are completely ineffective against large, sophisticated groups of hackers such as those run by the Korean State. Backconnect has a history of spoofing IP addresses, so they make a perfect fall guy.”
I then received the following email from McAfee:
“I also believe that this attack was the harbinger of near future attacks that will be much more devastating. I believe the smaller prior attacks served to identify weaknesses in the Internet's infrastructure. Clearly there are weaknesses. Anticipate that these will be exploited in a big way.”
While we have no certainties about who is behind these attacks Dyn has said that its engineers are working to mitigate the issue and that it would post more information when it was clear what was going on.
Learn the latest trends, insights and best practices from the brightest minds in media and technology. Sign up for SMW Insider to watch full-length sessions from official Social Media Week conferences live and on-demand.
Photo Credit: Gage Skidmore
The latest Firefox 4 Beta is available to test the cool features and improvements in the next version of Firefox. As we continue to refine features and performance in Firefox 4 Beta, this release includes faster start-up time, bookmarking and makes complex animations smoother.
Firefox 4 Beta is built for the way people use the Web today, offering more control over the browsing experience. It introduces a fresh new look and features like App Tabs and Panorama to make it easier and more efficient to navigate the Web. Firefox 4 Beta also includes performance enhancements to make everything faster from start-up time to page-load speed and the performance of Web applications and games. Firefox Sync is integrated into the browser with Firefox 4 Beta, giving you access to your Awesome Bar history, bookmarks, open tabs and passwords across computers and smartphones.
Firefox 4 Beta also enables developers to create fun Web apps and websites. With full support for HTML5 features in Firefox 4 Beta, developers can create new ways for people to enjoy the Web. This includes WebM and HD video, 3D graphic rendering with WebGL, hardware acceleration and the Mozilla Audio API to help create visual experiences for sound. Director of Product Platform Management Chris Blizzard has a full overview of all developer tools in Firefox 4 Beta.
We continue to improve and polish Firefox 4 Beta to ensure we deliver an awesome experience to our 400 million users around the world. We couldn't do this without the help of our beta testers and their feedback. Please continue to test Firefox 4 Beta on your favorite websites and report issues with anything from games, video and music to graphics and forms through the Feedback button on the browser. We want to hear how we can improve the features of Firefox 4 Beta and performance on specific sites.
For more information:
• Download Firefox 4 Beta
• Learn more about the features
• Submit your feedback
• Short, to the point FAQ
• Long, technical release notes
Manchester United have the joint-worst conversion rate of clear-cut chances in the Premier League
Not for the first time this season, Manchester United peppered their opponent's goal at Old Trafford on Sunday but were unable to come up with a winning strike.
Jose Mourinho's side fired off 17 shots against West Ham but after Zlatan Ibrahimovic cancelled out Diafra Sakho's early opener they were unable to hit the net again.
The 1-1 draw - which leaves United 11 points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea - had similarities with their home ties with Burnley and Stoke City over the past two months. The Manchester club had 62 shots in those games combined but managed just one goal.
It's a recurring problem and raises questions about the quality of United's finishing. A closer look at the stats shows there's an issue.
Ibrahimovic scored against West Ham - but has missed more big chances than any other Premier League player this term
Manchester United have created 164 chances in the Premier League this season, scoring 18 goals. On average, they score one goal for every 9.1 chances they create.
That's the third-worst conversion rate in the Premier League, ahead of only West Ham (9.7) and Southampton (11.7).
Chances needed to score Team Chances created Goals Chances per goal Arsenal 139 28 5 (1st) Chelsea 164 29 5.7 (2nd) Leicester 97 16 6.1 (3rd) - - - - Man Utd 164 18 9.1 (18th) West Ham 137 14 9.8 (19th) Southampton 152 13 11.7 (20th)
In contrast, Chelsea have created exactly the same number of chances as United but have scored 11 more goals, hitting the net 29 times from their 164 openings. That equates to one goal for every 5.7 chances created. Arsenal are even more efficient, scoring a goal for every five chances.
Opta also log clear-cut chances created and scored by teams. These are moments when a player would be reasonably expected to score, such as in one-on-one situations.
Big chance conversion rates - Selected Premier League clubs Team Big chance created (PL rank) Big chance conversion % (PL rank) Man City 25 (1st) 60.61% (2nd) Liverpool 23 (2nd) 58.06% (3rd) Man Utd 20 (3rd) 30.77% (20th) Chelsea 19 (4th) 48.15% (9th) Arsenal 18 (5th) 51.72% (5th) Tottenham 9 (T14th) 47.62% (11th)
United is third in the table when it comes to creating clear-cut openings. They've fashioned 20 such chances - including two against West Ham - putting them behind only Liverpool (23) and Manchester City (25), two sides praised for their attacking football.
Marcus Rashford was guilty of wasting a good opening against West Ham
However, United have missed more of those clear-cut chances (18) than any other team in the Premier League. Their clear-cut chance conversion rate is the joint-worst in the division - on average they score just 30.77 per cent of those big openings, the same rate as Watford.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has missed nine clear-cut chances this season, three more than any other player in the Premier League. Paul Pogba (three), Marcus Rashford (two), Wayne Rooney (two), Juan Mata (one) and Jesse Lingard (one) have also been culpable.
Paul Pogba has missed three clear-cut chances this season
Of course, there is the argument United are simply coming up against inspired goalkeeping. Stoke City's Lee Grant and Burnley's Tom Heaton received plaudits for their performances at Old Trafford, while Darren Randolph pulled off several fine stops for West Ham.
But Mourinho's men must find a way to be more clinical in front of goal if they are to stay in touch with the Premier League's leading sides.
Upgrade to Sky Sports now and get 12 months half price. Hurry, offer ends December 4!
After successful trial run this March, Amtrak and Colorado officials are at the drawing table again
The train may have only been a promotional deal, but for the first time in six years the legendary Denver to Winter Park Amtrak Ski Train returned to action earlier this month, shuttling 450 people 56 miles up into the Rockies and away from infamous I-70 traffic. However, the limited run may have done more than just appease a few train lovers, as the public, local government, and even train operators themselves rallied behind a potentially more permanent return to action for the popular ski rail system.
“I think, with the way people are wanting to address the congestion and challenge of I-70, that we should be able to find a way, with the kind of interest we are getting on trains, to find a regular train to move not just throughout the metro area but also up in the mountains,” said Denver Mayor Michael Hancock in a Denver Post interview earlier this month.
Originally the resurrection of the Ski Train was billed as merely a symbolic ride to celebrate Winter Park Resort's 75th anniversary. But, after the March 14 ride sold out in just 10 hours, Amtrak realized it had struck a chord, adding a second train for the 15th, and thoroughly considering a limited return to operation for next year.
"We are going to take a hard look at this because obviously there is demand," said Amtrak spokesperson Marc Magliari.
The Ski Train began operation in 1940, shuttling skiers and mountain enthusiasts from Denver's Union Station two hours up to Winter Park. The train ran until 2009 when then-owner Philip Anschutz decided to pull the plug on the operation, citing declining profits and operating issues amidst rising insurance costs.
But 69 years of history does not die overnight, and when Amtrak announced its limited time offer—a $75 round trip with a $15 voucher for use at resort restaurants and retail stores—the public jumped.
"Train, train, ski. Train, train, home," said Colorado resident Josh Winstead in a Post interview. "Gotta love that."
While no official plans are in place, both local governments and Amtrak are open to ideas for next year and have scheduled a meeting for April to discuss the train's future as a regularly operating entity according to the Denver Post. While the future of the train remains unclear, the momentum is pointing toward a reinvigorated form of ski travel.
As Amtrak's route director Jim Brzezinski told the Post, "Here's the question so many are asking: Will Amtrak want to do this again after this weekend? Well, the answer is, ‘You betcha.'”
Original article appeared in the Denver Post.
Registered voters are less enthusiastic about the Republicans' plan for repealing and replacing ObamaCare ahead of a full House vote on the legislation Thursday, according to a new poll.
Forty percent approve of the measure in the Morning Consult/Politico survey out Wednesday, a 6-point drop since last week.
Thirty-seven percent disapprove of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), a 2-point rise from the last poll.
ADVERTISEMENT
Twenty-two percent are undecided about the legislation, up 3 percent.
Pollsters also found voters are concerned about the pace at which Republicans are working to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
Forty-three percent believe the GOP should slow down on repealing the healthcare law, while 17 percent believe lawmakers are operating at the right speed instead.
GOP leaders cannot afford more than 21 defections in the House during Thursday's vote.
Twenty-two House Republicans have pledged to oppose the ACHA, according to The Hill's Whip List.
Morning Consult/Politico conducted its latest survey of 1,927 registered voters via online interviews from March 16 to 19. It has a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
One of the Minnesota State Capitol's grand staircases is flanked by Marble Pillars in St. Paul, Minn. on Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2016.
The U.S. House Republicans' health insurance replacement unveiled Monday has Minnesota health executives and policymakers scrambling to identify the implications for the state.
But one analysis shows that federal assistance to pay for coverage would drop in large areas of Minnesota.
Under the new plan people would no longer face IRS fees for failing to buy health insurance. Instead insurers could jack up the next year's rates by 30 percent for people who allowed their coverage to lapse for more than two months.
Just as is the case now, insurers could not turn away people with pre-existing health problems and kids could remain on their parents' plan until age 26.
At a news conference Oregon Republican Greg Walden, chair of the House Energy and Commerce committee, dismissed a question about whether the plan would leave more or fewer Americans with coverage. They said individual insurance market is collapsing.
"Facts are, we've arrived at the scene of a pretty big wreck and we're trying to clean up the mess, and if we don't intercede now fewer people have access to insurance. Period," Walden said.
In St. Paul, Minnesota Commerce Commissioner Mike Rothman, who regulates insurance, said it's too early to determine what the GOP proposal would mean to Minnesotans.
"Most importantly we want to make sure that for Minnesota that we maintain affordability, stability and access and those things are absolutely critical," Rothman said.
The GOP proposal would distribute $100 billion to the states over ten years to stabilize their health insurance markets and help provide insurance to low income residents. Details are sketchy but it appears states could use the money to create special insurance plans for people with expensive conditions or help insurers recoup unexpected losses.
As for affordability, the GOP plan would give tax credits to more people buying non-group plans, but most would be getting less help than they are now.
Lydia Mitts is with Families USA, which describes itself as a voice for health care consumers. They hope Americans will get involved in the health care debate now that Republicans have put specifics on the table.
"They would drastically reduce the amount of financial assistance that lower and moderate income people get to help afford the monthly cost of coverage," Mitts said. "People who are lower income and seniors have the most to lose in this plan."
A Kaiser Family Foundation analysis indicates residents in southern Minnesota and much of the western part of the state would see subsidies drop by one-quarter to one-half in three years.
For 60-year-olds in some areas, federal assistance could drop $10,000 a year. In Morrison County, where nearly three out of four voters supported Donald Trump, a 40-year-old making $30,000 would see a drop in federal assistance of $540 — a 15 percent drop.
By contrast, several Twin Cities counties which voted for Clinton would see their assistance levels rise.
The Republican proposal would also cap Medicaid payments to states. Minnesota Council of Health Plans President Jim Schowalter says those payments are critical to insuring many Minnesotans.
"About 15 percent of Minnesotans get help through state public programs and so there's a big impact to the block grants that we're also all going to be having to look at," Schowalter said.
The GOP plan is taking heat from both Democrats and the Republican party's right wing. The group Tea Party Patriots put out a news release demanding a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, not just tweaks.
But, defending the plan, Walden said it will protect people with pre-existing conditions, not pull the rug out from under Medicaid recipients, and establish a new fund to help low-income Americans afford health care.
"We provide the American people with what we've asked for," Walden said. "And what they've asked for is greater choice, lower cost and flexibility to choose the plan that best suits their families' needs."
None of Minnesota's three Republican members of Congress made themselves available in time for this report.
In the aftermath of the Pirate Bay verdict the controversy surrounding judge Tomas Norström grows bigger and bigger. Most recently, defense lawyer Per E Samuelsson sent a letter to the Appeal Court in which they explain that the younger generation has lost faith in the legal system because of the shady selection procedure.
Unlike other criminal trials in Sweden, the judge in the Pirate Bay trial wasn't selected at random. Instead, they were chosen because of their expertise with copyright related issues. Indeed, as a member of various pro-copyright organizations, Norström is very involved in the issue.
However, the ties to these lobby groups might also cloud their judgment and thus the verdict, some claim. It is therefore highly dubious that Norström was handpicked and not randomly assigned as is normal procedure in cases like this.
Defense lawyer Per E Samuelsson has now sent a letter to the Court of Appeal where they address the issue and seems to confirm earlier rumors they shared with the press. “The young generation's trust in the judicial system is at stake here,” they told the Swedish news agency (TT) in a comment.
“I don't want to say that the randomness of judge selection has been fixed, but the case has been handed to Norström mainly because they are considered an expert on copyright. That raises questions since this is a criminal case. A large majority of the young generation believes that what is going on here is a farce,” Samuelsson added.
Tomas Norström at their best
According to Samuelsson, there is no doubt that all the suspicious connections to pro-copyright groups indicate that Norström had preconceived ideas on the issues addressed during the Pirate Bay trial.
“I have a hard time to let go of the thought that they kept quiet about this because they had the intention of using their opinions in the case. I don't hesitate for a moment when saying that this is bias,” they said.
Henrik Pontén, lawyer at the anti-piracy bureau didn't want to comment on Samuelsson's letter to the Appeal Court, and said they will await the court's decision due to be announced a few weeks from now.
The Pirate Bay's Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak that the current developments amount to yet another plot twist in the tragicomedy that their trial has turned into. “We will win in the end,” they said, promising a happy ending.
“Who are the richest actors in the world?” This is a popular question that many people always ask. Because there are a lot of people always dream to be a professional actors or actores as well while this job offers a lot of opportunities for all people from everywhere. That's why there are many actors or actores who are rich in their real life and they can make a lot of money from their jobs and acting careers.
With the passage of time, money has become the necessity of every individual. It is not only to earn sufficient money but also to get millions of dollars along with fame. This is what the celebrities make possible for themselves. Whether we see the actors of Bollywood or Hollywood, they always seem to be too much busy in earning more and more, and this ultimately leads them to become richer than ever. Let us see the list of top 17 richest actors in the world 2017 as below to answer the above popular question.
Last updated: 08-Jan-2017.
Here are the top 17 richest actors in the world 2017:
1. Jerry Seinfeld – Net worth: USD820 million
Jerome Allen “Jerry” Seinfeld was born April 29, 1954.  They are an American comedian, actor and writer. After updated news from Magazine Foxnews to our list, now Jerry Seinfeld is the richest actor in the world who has fortune around USD820 million rank over Shahrukh Khan from Bollywood. Jerry Seinfeld is at the top of our list. They have not only been a movie actor but also a famous television celeb. Jerry made great contribution to television series in the history.
Jerry Seinfeld (American Comedian) – Net worth: USD820 million. Age: 61
2. Shah Rukh Khan – Net worth: USD600 million
This actor is called as the Baadshah of Bollywood “”. They have a net worth that is about USD600 million today. So they are not only the richest Bollywood actor and also the richest actor in the world (updated: now they are number 2). They play in more than 75 Hindi films and other International films. Although they are believed to be the richest man in the world, they still concern about the humanity. They join the UNESCO's program to help other poor children from around the world.
Shah Rukh Khan is regarded as the ‘King of Bollywood'.  They are one of the richest actors in the world. They have appeared in more than 50 movies. They have long been famous for their comedy, romance, and action. Shah Rukh has bagged various awards throughout their career.
Shah Rukh Khan (Bollywood Actor) – Net worth: USD600 million. Age: 49
3. Tom Cruise – Net worth: USD480 million
 They are a very famous actor and multi-millionaire film producer. They involved in many films and movies, including Top Gun, Rain Man, Tropic Thunder, Few Good Men, and some other great movies. They also own a real estate that is called as the Beverly Hills Mansion in California.
Tom Cruise is the celeb known for their action and great stunt.  They are really the king of Hollywood action. Tom is a handsome and gorgeous dude. They have starred in some of the highest grossing movies.  They are a multi-talented celeb. Not only Tom is famous as a action hero but also they are an incredible comedian.
Tom Cruise (Hollywood Actor) – Net worth: USD480 million. Age: 53
4. Tyler Perry – Net worth: USD400 million
Tyler Perry is an American actor, producer, director, author, and songwriter, specializing in the gospel genre. Perry wrote and produced many stage plays during the 1990s and early 2000s. Tyler Perry is not just an actor, but a fabulous author, director, producer, screenwriter and songwriter. It is of no wonder that they are a prominent entertainer of the era.  They are an exclusive partner of Oprah Winfrey. Tyler has always been a favorite of their fans due to their outstanding acting skills.
Tyler Perry (American Actor, Producer & Director) – Net worth: USD400 million. Age: 45
5. Johnny Depp – Net worth: USD400 million
This actor is very famous for their film series, Pirates of the Caribbean. This film is one of the most successful movie franchises today. They have a production company that is called as Infinitum Nihil. This company produces a lot of popular movies these days.
Johnny Depp is one of the most talked about actors. They portrayed a drunken pirate, and various other great characters. Their movies gross high, and Johnny makes handsome amount from every successful project. They have bagged various awards during their career.
Johnny Depp (American Actor & Producer) – Net worth: USD400 million. Age: 52
6. Amitabh Bachchan – Net Worth: USD400 million
Amitabh Bachchan has probably touched almost every height of acting, fame, money and success in their 40-year acting career and has earned the title of Bollywood's Big B. They now charge a reasonable 4 to 5 crore (1 crore = USD214,431) Indian rupees per movie and considering the sheer number of movies they have starred in, they have made their way among the richest Bollywood actors.
7. Bill Cosby – Net Worth: USD400 million
Bill Cosby has won various awards and is one of the richest actors in the world.  They are a proud comedian of the era. The Bill Cosby Show has been one of the most successful American shows. They won 7 Grammy awards for their comedy albums.
Bill Cosby – Net worth: USD400 million. Age: 73
8. Jack Nicholson – Net Worth: USD390 million
Jack Nicolson is a handsome and one of the most amazing actors. They have been recognized to portray both psychopathic and comedic characters over the course of their career, from Jack Torrance to The Joker to Dr. Buddy.  They are known for their great face expressions and outstanding style of dialogue delivery.
Jack Nicholson – Net worth: USD390 million. Age: 78
9. Clint Eastwood – Net Worth: USD375 million
Clint Eastwood has ruled the genre of spaghetti westerns since the 50s. they have always been famous for their raspy voice and incredible personality.  They are one of the richest actors in the world.  They are a legend of Hollywood.
Clint Eastwood – Net worth: USD375 million. Age: 85
10. Tom Hanks – Net worth: USD350 million
11. Keanu Reeves – Net worth: USD350 million
12. Adam Sandler – Net Worth: USD300 million
13. Sylvester Stallone – Net worth: USD275 million
14. John Abraham – Net Worth: USD245 million
Tom Hanks is a famous screenwriter, actor, producer and director. Their career is very interesting for most of their fans. Tom Hanks received a lot of awards for their role in Angels and Demons.  They are also famous for other films, including Apollo 13, Da Vinci Code, Catch Me If You Can, Cast Away, You've Got Mail, and some other movies.Tom Hanks is one of the richest actors in the world. They have done various movies including Apollo 13, Cast Away, Catch Me If You Can, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, The Da Vinci Code, and the Toy Story. It is of no wonder that this celeb is successful. They have been the winner of two Oscars.He has a net worth that is about USD350 million.  They are well-known for their role in the Matrix. This film was very popular at that time. Keanu Reeves made their wealth from the Matrix Trilogy. There are many people who love watching this movie until today.Adam Sandler is one of the most remarkable actors of all time. Their The Water Boy and The Wedding Singer, produced by Happy Madison Production, turned them into a millionaire in no time. Adam is not only a top notch actor but also a remarkable producer and director. Happy Madison Productions invested USD80 million to produce Grown Ups 2, and grossed around USD250 million.Sylvester Stallone is popular because of their films, Rambo and Rocky. They have a net worth that is about USD275 million. They also work as film producer in some films, including the Expendables franchise. They have a mansion in the Beverly Hills, California.
The reason behind John Abraham's fame in Bollywood is not their acting skills but also their muscular physique that their male fans try to imitate and their female fans swoon. They have played a diverse range of roles from comical, such as in Dostana, to more serious ones, such as in New York. The actor/producer now earns 7 crore Indian rupees per movie along up to 0.5 crore Indian rupees from endorsements.
15. Leonardo Di Caprio – Net worth: USD215 million
16. Will Smith – Net worth: USD215 million
17. Salman Khan – Net worth: USD200 million
Leonardo DiCaprio is very famous among many people today. They have a net worth about USD215 million. They have a Carbon beach house that is located in Malibu California. This actor became very popular for their amazing film, Titanic. This film was very popular in the world.He is another rich actor in the world. Will Smith is a great Hollywood actor with a lot of skills. They have a net worth that is about USD200 million. They became very popular because of their films, including The Independence Day, I Robot, Bad Boys, Men in Black. They receive 3 Grammy Awards for their films.Salman Khan is one of the leading Bollywood stars. It is not surprising to see this actor in this top richest actor in the world. Their net worth is about USD200 million. Salman Khan becomes the most influential people in Bollywood. There are a lot of people who love their films.
What do you think about these richest celebs? Do you know any other richest actors? Please share us here!
Given the extended universe canon, Hoth to Dagobah is probably a base duration of a few hours at most. They're nearly adjacent, according to the Essential Atlas maps.
Far more important is the travel time to/from Dagobah by Luke. The X-Wing has a week of consumables according to Wookiepedia and a x1 Hyperdrive. Since Luke makes it from Hoth to Dagobah and back to Bespin with under a week of endurance, this puts a much longer trip at 3 days each way or so. Moreover, Luke has the fuel to meet up with the fleet following this, reducing it further.
We don't know exactly how much time it takes for them to make the trip, but we do se Leia change clothes between Hoth and Bespin, so most likely, it was over a day... but with a x10 hyperdrive, that means only at least a 2 hour base trip time. There are implications of a period of time working on the Falcon before Vader reveals themselves - and then a period of being tortured. A period of torture implied in the novelization to be high single digit days before Lando works up the nerve to talk to them.
We can see several levels of costume change on Luke, as well. The day they arrive, it's nightfall, and they eat with Yoda. We see portions of the next day. We see a change in costume indicating time passing. We then see Luke in the Tree. We see even more distress on the garments. We see Luke talking with Yoda about Han and Leia suffering. We see a change in outfit to a flight suit, and departure.
We can take as implied that there is at least 2-3 days between costume distress levels in the training. That gives us a few weeks. It's more likely that it takes longer than that.
We have also the Falcon's travel time. It's not much, tho' - even tho the Falcon has a maximum of two months consumables, it's travelling on a backup hyperdrive. Backup Hyperdrives are, according to several sources, limited to several hours range... so we can't even account for missing time that way.
In any case, to make things match even a couple days per costume adjustment, the hyperdrives need to be pretty fast.
Also, it is worth noting that anything past about 12 hours makes for pilots in cramped cockpits having various forms of distress - it's hard to sleep in a chair, and in flight relief units are generally only good for urine.
I'd put my estimate between 7 and 21 days of training with Yoda, and about another 2 days of travel time for Luke
sample Atlas Map
Brad DeLong links to Megan McArdle saying something wrong about the effects of a temporary increase in government spending. But they fail to note that it's not just wrong, it's 180 degrees wrong: a temporary increase in government spending should have a larger impact on demand than a permanent increase, not a smaller impact.
And that's actually an important point: one way to explain why government spending is better than tax cuts as a stimulus is to say that temporary tax cuts aren't effective at increasing demand, but temporary spending increases are.
Here's the logic (which follows directly from Milton Friedman's permanent income hypothesis, by the way): suppose that the government introduces a new program that will cause it to spend $100 billion a year every year from now on. To pay for this, it will have to raise taxes by $100 billion a year, permanently — and if consumers take this into account, they might well cut their spending enough to offset the increase in government purchases.
But suppose the government introduces a one-time, $100 billion program to repair bridges over the next year. The government will have to issue debt to pay for this, and will have to service that debt, requiring higher taxes — say, $5 billion a year. That's a much smaller impact on consumers' future after-tax income than the permanent program. So much less of the spending rise will be offset by a fall in consumer demand. (I'm not considering the effect of the spending in raising income, which would probably cause consumer demand to rise rather than fall.)
So economic theory — Milton Friedman's theory! — says that spending is a more effective form of stimulus than tax cuts.
Map of the Cauthill Province of Endoria, Translated from Celestial
This is not the direct translation of the journals kept by Eran of Cauthill but rather a compilation of their life story based upon those journals. These memoirs are based off of the translations of E. Cauthill journals done by high Bishop of Lathander: Gregory of Hopsville. This work is my interpretations based upon the translations provided. The translations are going to be my first source as they come directly form the primary.
Winter 1473: The Date of the First Journal Entry
I could see the frost in front of my face from every breath I drew. The cold biting at my skin with its sharp needle-like teeth. Without hesitation I threw the shutters shut and glided across the room to the fire. Even here I could feel the cold penetrating through to me but it was at least tolerable. Grabbing a fur blanket and wrapping it around my back to collect the warmth from the fire and snuff out the cold, I realize that I am not truly alone in the room. Peering through the darkness in the corner are these deep black eyes, making the darkness on the wall appear to be light and lit. Just like that they were gone as if they never existed in the first place. I look back into the fire, knowing that the eyes will be back. They are almost everywhere, following me as I walk until I get the the chapel where they peer on from a distance, its the only place I can feel alone. I look back to the dark corner, knowing what lingers but unable to see it. I look back to the shutters of my window and see the moon peering in through the slits leaving a mesmerizing glow on the cold cracked boards on the floor. With shiver running down my spine I realize that the eyes are watching me, the presence of them merely burns my bones but I know that all they do is watch, like they know something I never will.
BANG! BANG! BANG!
Startled, I jumped up from the floor as the door creaked open. Before me my father stood with their long wispy white hair reaching down to their shoulders. A faint white glow followed them with it radiating from their skin into the air around him. Face face was rigid yet soft, with skin that was perfectly colored. Their eyes though were the biggest giveaway that they aren't truly human as they had golden colored eyes as if they themselves were that of a celestial. Their body was a thin build with long arms and legs, with a perfectly defined muscles covering their body. As they walked over to me their lips curled into a smile as they latched the door shut behind him. They look over at me, "Eran," Exclaimed Arkal.
"Hello father, how was the trip?" I replied fearing that they would sense the eyes, but they were gone.
"I have something for you." They reached into their satchel pulling out something covered in cloth, "It is a bible from the Citadel of Lathander, I thought it might be of use to you in your studies." Their hand reaches out handing it to me. "I also got you this," pulling a fillet knife out of their satchel, grabbing it by the blade and pointing the handle towards me, handing it to me: "You are old enough now to have your own knife for fishing. Now it is late out, you should be getting some sleep."
Grabbing the knife I look at it, its made of regular steel with our families crest etched into the base of the knife. I smile at my dad as I walk over to the bed, feeling the cold pierce through the fur blankets.
"I am going to get someone to come in here and stoke your fire and to bring in a bed warmer. It is a cold night with the wind blowing off the mountain. I will also ask them to hang some furs over the window to help keep it warm in here." soothed Arkal.
They walked to the door as I crawled into bed, pausing before leaving. They looked back as if they were about to say something but they stopped themselves before leaving. I placed the knife on the trunk by my bed before pulling the furs up to keep me warm, letting myself slowly drift off to sleep knowing that the eyes were watching, waiting.
"Eran, I must thank yo for what yo have done. You have opened up the world for me to enter and enter I have. You have stopped fearing me once, but yet you have been looking upon me wearily." rang in my head as if whatever was talking was inside my mind. Burning in my mind I see the image of a dark shadowy figure being pulled by several ghostly skeletons. The figure moved towards me before I saw its eyes, its shadowy eyes. "I have watched over you through many lives waiting for the moment when you had freed me." The figure reached its arm behind its back, pulling out a scythe the length of its own body: "your death was swift!" Swinging the scythe, slashing my leg.
I jump out of the bed, covered in sweat. Looking around the room I see light piercing its way through tiny holes in the fur covering the window. I look around the room in panic but see nothing there except for 2 marks in the dust covering the floor right by my bed. The marks are shaped like that of feet, they look more like bones then they do regular feet. I feel a string in my leg as I stand there. Looking down I see blood dripping onto the floor from a shallow black cut, right where the scythe had slashed my in the dream. The pain from the cut intensifies into a burning sensation as a light builds from within the wound, almost searing it shut. Before I can even scream from the pain everything vanishes, and the last thing I see is the floor as I fall towards it.
I would like to thank everyone that took the time to read this. This is part of the backstory in one of my homebrew campaigns (taking place in another universe) so somethings have changed slightly but it has some overlap with the regular D&D Universe. The map was made in gimp. The introduction leaves many major plot points out and is instead the rough overview of the entire story. This is written as a biography from a scholar attempting to write the books on what happened during this time and in writing this I took many of the books I read for my university class as examples for ideas.
A Dutchman sold everything that they owned for Bitcoin and moved their family to a campsite forecasting a cryptoboom. They claimed that they were waiting for the next “boom” in cryptocurrencies. 39-year-old Didi Taihuttu moved their family to a campsite outside of Venlo, Netherlands. They put their house up for sale along with their car, motorbike, and other possessions. They even sold off their children's toys and other consumer durables. Bitcoin and Blockchain eliminate the use of banks or a building society for approval of payments and other financial transactions as all the transactions are recorded on a computer. The man believed that the technology is eliminating the role of the third party and there is much moolah to be made from the upcoming currency.
According to reports published in Business Insider, Didi Taihuttu said, “People will say, ‘You're crazy'. The Internet was a revolution for information. I think that Blockchain and cryptocurrency are revolutionizing the monetary system. In five years' time, everyone will say: ‘We could have seen it coming'. I am responding to this change now,” they said defending their shocking decision. Didi Taihuttu is an IT specialist and has a wife and three daughters. They have just returned from a nine-month trip to Australia and Asia and during this trip abroad they were much taken in by the fellow traders who inspired them to take up crypto-trading.
Didi Taihutti calls themselves an entrepreneur and said, “I am an entrepreneur, so when I first heard about Bitcoin, I said: let's do this.” This is not the first time that they have heard or made use of cryptocurrencies. They had previously set up a Bitcoin mining business with the help of a network of computers and video cards. In 2013 when the price of Bitcoin increased to several hundred euros they sold their entire stock oblivious of the fact that the Bitcoin will increase further. They said, “If I had known then that four years later it would have been ten times more valuable, then, of course, I wouldn't have sold everything. But then I thought: ‘I have to make a profit'.”
As their overall portfolio took a plunge they invested in Dogecoin, an emerging currency but it did not help them as it did not have a lucrative run in the market. “I've had a tremendous amount of it, but that coin was worth nothing. The portfolio that I had at the time was perhaps worth 200 euros,” they told. They left the currency idle but on their travels abroad they were advised to check on the dormant currency shares. Their ailing currency shares had risen to twenty times its original worth. Didi Taihutti said, “That Dogecoin made me realize again: There is something going on in the world. This is no coincidence, I thought. So I went back into it again.” Their property has been sold to a cryptocurrency trader under reservation and fetched them 85 bitcoins which equals a whopping €300,000 or £269,000.
In an effort to deter violence directed at females, lawmakers in Colombia have this week passed a bill that would impose tough sentences for hate crimes against women.
As reported by the BBC, the bill, which was passed on Tuesday with 104 votes in support and three against, still requires a signature by President Juan Manuel Santos in order to become law.
When the bill -- which was named in honor of a woman named Rosa Elvira Cely who was attacked, raped and murdered by a man in Bogota back in 2012 -- becomes law, those found guilty of attacking women because of their gender could face up to 50 years in jail.
The goal of the law is to place longer sentences on crimes wherein women are specifically attacked (psychologically, physically, or sexually) due to their sex.
Addressing the frequency of female directed violence, Martha Ordonez, Santos' adviser for women's equality, has stated that in the South American country a woman becomes the victim of a violent act about every 13 minutes. And on average, every four days a female is killed by their partner.
The deadly attack on Cely led to thousands of people marching in a demonstration, calling for justice for the 35-year-old who died four days after their injuries.
The man who was eventually arrested for the crime was sentenced to 48 years in prison, a sentence that was added on to when they were later convicted of abusing their underage daughters and raping another woman.
As reported by Global Voices Online, Cely was described as a mother who worked as a street vendor in front of the Military Hospital. They were completing their high school studies and hoping to one day become a psychologist.
The World Health Organization reported in 2013 that around the globe more than one in three women have experienced some form of physical or sexual violence.
Colombia's news come as thousands in Argentina march against "femicide," or the murder of women because of their sex, after the brutal murder of 14-year-old Chiara Paez.
Xfinity, NASCAR closer to deal
Editor's note: This story is revised from the print edition.
Comcast's Xfinity is in contract negotiations with NASCAR to become title sponsor of the sport's secondary series.
The company's broadband, TV and phone division is considering a five- to six-year deal valued at more than $100 million, according to a source familiar with the negotiations. The potential agreement would see Xfinity pay approximately $9 million in rights fees and $9 million in media and activation in its first year as title sponsor. Its annual spend would increase in subsequent years.
Comcast declined to comment. In a statement, NASCAR said, “We anticipate NASCAR will soon be aligned with an outstanding brand that will help take this series to new heights, but out of respect for our current partner and the process, we will not comment on speculation about any potential replacements until there actually is one.”Though discussions have moved into the contract phase and NASCAR executives have begun telling officials in the sport that a sponsorship is done, the deal still faces some obstacles.
Fox Sports and Comcast-owned NBC Sports are slated to split television rights to the series from 2015 to 2024. Sources said that Fox, which declined to comment, wants assurances that Comcast will spend equally on advertising across both of the series' rights holders, Fox and NBC, and not favor its own company, NBC.
NASCAR and Comcast are addressing other category issues as well.
Provided those issues are resolved, the deal should close and be announced in the coming weeks.
NASCAR's Chief Sales Officer Jim O'Connell has been leading negotiations for the sanctioning body. Matt Lederer, Comcast senior director of sports brands strategy, is playing a central role for Xfinity, and Peter Intermaggio, Comcast senior vice president of marketing communications, has been involved.
The deal would represent a major accomplishment for NASCAR and fulfill one of its top business goals for the year by delivering a sponsor to replace outgoing secondary-series sponsor Nationwide Insurance, which decided last year that it wouldn't renew its sponsorship of the Nationwide Series following the 2014 season.
The sanctioning body began its search for a replacement early this year and was asking $12 million to $15 million annually in rights fees, with media and activation commitments taking the total value of the deal to more than $25 million.
A deal of that size would have represented an increase from the approximately $10 million in rights fees that Nationwide spent for its title sponsorship of the series, but NASCAR was unable to find a replacement partner willing to pay more for a series that has seen average TV viewership per race fall from 2.09 million in 2008, Nationwide's first year of the sponsorship, to 1.75 million this year. The number of Sprint Cup drivers who participate in the series also has dropped in recent years because full-time Cup drivers no longer can compete for a Nationwide Series championship.
Xfinity emerged as a leading candidate for the sponsorship earlier this summer, and sources said the company in July approved a total spend of approximately $18 million in 2015.
The deal was driven at Comcast by Lederer, sources said. They previously worked at Nextel when the wireless company signed its deal in 2003 to become title sponsor of NASCAR's premier series and was familiar with the benefits of a NASCAR title sponsorship.
Comcast pursued the deal after identifying it as an opportunity to promote Xfinity while also saving money for Comcast-owned NBC, which committed to spending as much as $10 million a year on NASCAR promotion as part of its 10-year, $4.4 billion TV rights deal for the sport. Under terms of most media rights agreements, TV partners commit to spend a certain amount of marketing dollars to promote the sport on an annual basis. Sources familiar with Comcast's negotiations said that the company could count title sponsorship of an Xfinity-backed series and subsequent promotion of that series toward its NBC marketing commitment.
Comcast renamed its cable, broadband and phone service Xfinity in 2010. The change followed Comcast's acquisition of NBC and allowed the company to rebrand its consumer services after years of criticism from customers for everything from the price of cable packages to the quality of service.
Xfinity's NASCAR deal would be the first national sports sponsorship Comcast has signed for its cable, broadband and phone division. It also would be its first deal in NASCAR. Three years ago Xfinity began signing sponsorships of teams in markets where Comcast services are available. It currently has more than a dozen sports sponsorships, including deals with the Atlanta Braves, Jacksonville Jaguars and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Comcast's Xfinity operates in 40 states, is the nation's largest distributor and the main cable operator in major U.S. cities with NASCAR tracks nearby: Atlanta, Miami, Chicago and Detroit. Comcast is awaiting FCC approval of a $45 billion merger with Time Warner Cable that would expand its national footprint into NASCAR areas such as Texas and the Carolinas.
In addition to Comcast, NASCAR met with a number of companies in the auto aftermarket category, including Advance Auto Parts and AutoZone.
O'Connell, who spearheaded the sales effort, previously sold the Nationwide deal in 2007 and Camping World's title sponsorship of the truck series in 2008. They also negotiated Sprint's recent renewal for the top series through 2016 and Camping World's renewal for the truck series through 2022.
GMR Marketing serves as Xfinity's sponsorship consulting and activation agency.
The world is full of bright young people building spiffy websites and nifty apps. They're skipping the stability of traditional employment to code in cafes and co-working spaces. But they're probably not doing it in Sydney.
World Economic Forum research found that young Australians were poorly prepared for the digital economy, and faced intense labour market uncertainty. Fewer young people want to work for a start-up than in any other country surveyed – a mere 3.8 per cent.
Negative gearing changes have been rejected by most investors, according to a poll. Credit:Photo: Jim Rice
Who can blame them for choosing a nice, safe bank job in expensive, uncertain Sydney? Starting a business can mean years of earning almost nothing, and just surviving in this city is fiendishly expensive, let alone funding a house big enough for kids.
I don't know many successful Australian tech entrepreneurs – presumably there are a few who haven't moved overseas yet? But when we left uni 20 years ago, lots of my cohort had a go at becoming artists, musicians, writers and comedians – equally risky propositions. Many of them are still thriving today.
Most newspapers today are reporting concerns over the future of the UK's three remaining naval shipyards, located in Portsmouth on the south coast of England, and at Govan and Scotstoun on the Clyde. Owners BAE Systems have strongly hinted that at least one is likely to close, with a decision expected by the end of 2012, and the two Glasgow yards (which more or less face each other across the river) tend to be treated as a single unit.
The relevance of the outcome to the independence debate is obvious. Shipbuilding on the Clyde has long been a totemic feature of the argument for the Union, with Labour and Conservatives alike long having insisted that there would be no chance of the rUK commissioning warships from an independent Scotland – Labour MP Ian Davidson is quoted today saying that very thing:
“Obviously if Scotland were to separate from the United Kingdom, then the terms of business would preclude any orders for the Type 26 being placed on the Clyde.”
So the problem for the Westminster government is clear: shut the Clyde yards, handing the SNP and the Yes campaign huge propaganda victories, or shut Portsmouth, costing thousands of jobs in an almost entirely Tory area where only one of the seats currently held by the party (Gosport, a majority of 15,000) could be classed as “safe”.
It's difficult to picture a world in which the Conservatives would sacrifice 5000 jobs in their own heartland in order to save 3000 in Glasgow, but to not do so would be to torpedo the “Better Together” campaign to devastating effect – an option which the party may find more tolerable if only because the explosion would also damage Labour in its biggest remaining Scottish stronghold.
Of course, the independence movement gets a big stick to beat the Union with in either case – were Portsmouth to be closed, the rUK would be left with no facilities for warship construction at all, making the threats of the likes of Ian Davidson sound even more hollow. Non-combat vessels are one thing, but would the rUK really commission its battleships, frigates and aircraft carriers from the other side of the world rather than a tried-and-trusted contractor a few miles across the border – particularly if it was seeking co-operation from its neighbour over the location of Trident submarines while London found somewhere in its own waters to base them?
Not only shipyard workers will be awaiting the decision with trepidation.
This chart shows the per cent more or less that voters born in a given decade were likely to vote for a particular party, compared to the average Canadian voter. Use the slider to switch between decades of birth.
Voting preferences of voters born in the 1940s
Liberal
Conservative
NDP % Election Year Missing years in chart mean either (i) they weren't old enough to vote or (ii) there weren't enough respondents for that election in the survey (a cut off of 100 respondents was used). year,con,lib,ndp "'74",3.40,1.50,-2.70 "'79",7.60,1.50,-6.70 "'80","false","false","false" "'84","false","false","false" "'88","false","false","false" "'93","false","false","false" "'97","false","false","false" "'00","false","false","false" "'04","false","false","false" "'06","false","false","false" "'08","false","false","false" "'11","false","false","false" year,con,lib,ndp "'74",2.9,-1.9,-0.5 "'79",6.9,-1.2,-4.4 "'80",8.3,-5.4,-2.5 "'84",-3.5,9.5,-3.4 "'88",-1.7,7.2,-4.4 "'93",-4.6,11.8,1.3 "'97","false","false","false" "'00",12.1,0.3,0.3 "'04","false","false","false" "'06","false","false","false" "'08","false","false","false" "'11","false","false","false" year,con,lib,ndp "'74",3.3,3.1,-4.6 "'79",0.2,4.3,-2.5 "'80",3.7,0.8,-2.1 "'84",-2.4,4.5,-1.5 "'88",1.8,6.2,-6.4 "'93",-4.3,10.7,-0.6 "'97",7,-1,-1.6 "'00",-0.3,3.1,0.1 "'04",1.1,12.7,-7 "'06",8.3,10.9,-7.9 "'08",4.9,8.1,-0.7 "'11",4.6,9.3,-8.9 year,con,lib,ndp "'74",0.10,1.10,-0.20 "'79",3.20,0.20,-1.80 "'80",-1.50,3.50,-1.90 "'84",4.10,0.00,-3.10 "'88",5.70,1.00,-6.30 "'93",0.70,3.20,0.20 "'97",4.80,-1.70,0.30 "'00",3.40,-0.10,-1.90 "'04",9.00,1.90,-4.30 "'06",6.30,3.30,-3.10 "'08",9.20,2.70,-5.20 "'11",10.30,3.70,-9.00 year,con,lib,ndp "'74",-3.7,-2.6,6.2 "'79",-1.6,-0.7,1.8 "'80",1.6,-3.4,2.3 "'84",2.9,-4.2,1.1 "'88",-1.5,-2.6,4 "'93",-0.5,0.4,-0.1 "'97",1.6,0.5,0.8 "'00",-2.5,-1.4,1.6 "'04",1.2,4.4,-3.8 "'06",1.9,-0.2,-0.8 "'08",4.3,2.7,-4 "'11",2,1.2,-2.1 year,con,lib,ndp "'74",-6.80,-0.40,2.40 "'79",-7.90,-2.80,7.00 "'80",-8.20,-1.80,6.80 "'84",0.10,-6.30,3.60 "'88",0.40,-4.30,3.10 "'93",2.00,-3.00,-0.40 "'97",0.30,0.20,-0.30 "'00",-0.10,-0.10,0.20 "'04",-5.10,2.20,1.00 "'06",0.40,-1.50,0.50 "'08",-0.60,-0.80,-0.10 "'11",-5.00,0.90,2.50 year,con,lib,ndp "'74","false","false","false" "'79",-9.9,6.6,0.9 "'80",-10,12.3,-4.1 "'84",-3.1,5.1,-1.1 "'88",-3.1,1.3,1.1 "'93",2.8,-4.1,0.2 "'97",-3.3,0.8,-0.2 "'00",1.3,-0.6,-1.7 "'04",1.9,-5,1 "'06",-2.4,-1.6,2.3 "'08",-3.2,-1.1,1.1 "'11",-2.4,-1,3.5 year,con,lib,ndp "'74","false","false","false" "'79","false","false","false" "'80","false","false","false" "'84","false","false","false" "'88","false","false","false" "'93",-8.60,-1.00,0.10 "'97",-6.70,-3.10,1.30 "'00",-3.90,0.90,0.30 "'04",0.50,-10.30,6.50 "'06",-5.00,-4.10,0.20 "'08",-3.20,-1.10,1.10 "'11",1.80,-8.00,3.50 year,con,lib,ndp "'74","false","false","false" "'79","false","false","false" "'80","false","false","false" "'84","false","false","false" "'88","false","false","false" "'93","false","false","false" "'97","false","false","false" "'00","false","false","false" "'04",-15.2,0.7,5.8 "'06",-13.3,1.6,8 "'08",-13.2,-8.3,9.9 "'11",-6.7,-1.9,1.8
The second effect of age is one that researchers often call generational effects. Rather than your specific age being important, when you were born and, more crucially, when you were an adolescent provides a generation with a common context where their political beliefs were formed. It's like how, even if you somehow manage to keep up with the musical trends of young people these days, you'll always have a soft spot for bands that were popular when you were 14.
In an attempt to figure out these generational effects, we can divide up voters at each election by the decade of their birth to see if different birth decades had different voting patterns. When we do this, we can see some big generational voting gaps. First, voters born in the 1970s and 1980s seem to be more comfortable voting NDP than the general Canadian population. While some of this effect might be written off as an example of the left-wing exuberance of youth, it also suggests that the NDP has been more successful among young people in recent elections than the more traditional governing parties.
A very persistent generational difference also exists between voters born in the 1920s and those born a decade later. Voters born in the 1920s have been quite consistently more pro-Liberal than the population-at-large. However, voters born in the 1930s are much more pro-Conservative than other Canadians. These effects have persisted very strongly to recent elections, when we might have expected their differences in age to disappear, if they were just life cycle effects.
This suggests then that there is a strong generational gap between Canadians born in these two decades. What might explain this? Voters born in the 1920s would have reached adolescence somewhere between 1935 and 1945, the later days of the Great Depression and the period of the Second World War. Growing up through this time they would have seen popular Liberal governments led by prime minister William Lyon Mackenzie King.
However, voters born in the 1930s would have come of age in a post-war environment, growing up in the economically exuberant times of the 1950s, at the end of the Liberal era, being in their mid-20s at a time when Progressive Conservative prime minister John Diefenbaker won a huge majority in 1958.
None of this is to say that your age or when you were born determines how you vote. Voter choice is a complex process that takes into account many factors ranging from your ideology to your parents' party affiliation, from your religion to your evaluations of government performance. However, it's important to recognize that age isn't just a number. It can help to explain not only the small stories of politics about how voters' politics change with their life cycles, but also the big political narratives of how important events and historical context can influence whole generations of electors.
We can also use this to gain some understanding of the future of politics. It's a good sign for the NDP that the youngest generation of voters is leaning towards them, as at least some of these voters will carry their partisan identity with them. Similarly, the consistent Conservative strength among older voters – who also happen to turn out to vote – suggests that if they are able to continue convincing these voters to support them, they can have a strong base going forward. Finally, the Liberals might also see an area for growth in some of their challenges: if Justin Trudeau can build strong youth support on top of an older-skewing base, they might be able to successfully use age to become a second-generation prime minister.
Graphic by Jeremy Agius. Produced by Chris Hannay.
Fecal vomiting Synonyms Feculent vomiting, stercoraceous vomiting
Fecal vomiting is a kind of vomiting wherein the material vomited is of fecal origin. It is a common symptom of gastrojejunocolic fistula and intestinal obstruction in the ileum.[1][2] Fecal vomiting is often accompanied by an odor of feces on the breath and other gastrointestinal symptoms, including abdominal pain, abdominal distension, dehydration, and diarrhea.[2][3] In severe cases of bowel obstruction or constipation (such as those related to clozapine treatment) fecal vomiting has been identified as a cause of death.[4]
Fecal vomiting occurs when the bowel is obstructed for some reason, and intestinal contents cannot move normally. Peristaltic waves occur in an attempt to decompress the intestine, and the strong contractions of the intestinal muscles push the contents backwards through the pyloric sphincter into the stomach, where they are then vomited.[3]
Fecal vomiting can also occur in cats.[5]
Fecal vomiting does not include vomiting of the proximal small intestine contents, which commonly occurs during vomiting.[6]
By TwoCircles.net staff reporter
Aligarh: Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) Vice Chancellor Lt. General (retd.) Zamiruddin Shah has come under criticism for their comments on Narendra Modi published in the Times of India on May 7, 2014.
Responding to a question, Lt. Gen. Shah said that even though riots of 2002 happened during Modi's rule adding “when people are entrusted with the responsibility of serving the nation, they change. They carry the pressure of taking the whole country forward.”
“Responsibilities bring a transformation, no matter what someone's past was,” said Shah.
A group of professors from AMU, JNU, and Delhi University have reacted strongly to this comment. In a statement issued today these eminent professors said “we are surprised at the General's remarks on Mr. Narendra Modi.”
Support TwoCircles
Lt. Gen Shah “foresees much improvement in the latter when they assume responsibilities of power as Prime Minister, as if they did not have power enough when as Chief Minister they presided over the communal slaughter in Gujarat. We are perplexed as to why the General needed to go out of their way to commend Mr Modi in this fashion.”
Statement was signed by:
Irfan Habib, Professor Emeritus, AMU
D.N. Jha, Professor of History (Retd.), Delhi University
P.K. Shukla, Formerly, Member Secretary, Indian Council of Historical Research
I.A. Khan, Professor of History (Retd.), AMU
Shireen Moosvi, Professor of History (Retd.), AMU
Mridula Mukherjee, Professor of History, J.N.U.
Ramesh Rawat, Professor of Hindi, AMU
S.A. Nadeem Rezavi, Associate Professor, AMU
Aditya Mukherjee, Professor of History, J.N.U.
Farhat Hasan, Professor of History, Delhi University
S.Zaheer Husain Jafri, Professor of History, Delhi University
Ishrat Alam, Associate Professor of History, AMU
Shalin Jain, Associate Professor, Delhi University
Preparation Of Matcha
FULL BREWING INSTRUCTIONS FOR MAKING ONE BOWL OF MATCHA GREEN TEA!
What you need to make matcha...
Organic Matcha
A Matcha Bowl (Chawan)
A Bamboo Matcha Whisk (Chasen)
A Bamboo Matcha Scoop (Chashaku)
A Linen Tea Cloth (Chakin)
A Matcha Sifter (Furui)
A Measuring Cup.
Thermometer.
Important Note...
If you try to use western utensils to prepare matcha, it most likely won't turn out well. We strongly advice you to obtain and use the traditional Japanese matcha utensils outlined above as they will enrich your matcha experience and increase your chances of making the perfect bowl of matcha.
Brewing Suggestion...
Our brewing suggestions for preparing both usucha (thin matcha) and koicha (thick matcha) are shown below. Please note, you can't make koicha matcha from an usucha matcha, so please make sure you know which type of matcha you have before preparing it. In addition, there are other slightly different variations of preparing usucha and koicha that you may have learnt and enjoy using. If so, please feel free to use that method instead.
STEP 1: Preheat the matcha bowl by filling it about 1/3 full with hot water. Then place the whisk facing down into the hot water to wet the tips of the prongs (not the whole whisk!). Once the bowl has thoroughly preheated, empty out the water and dry the bowl out preferably with a cloth such as a chakin. Set the whisk aside and then measure out 70ml/2.3oz for Usucha, or 40ml/1.3oz for Koicha of hot water into a measuring cup and leave it to cool.
STEP 2: Use the bamboo scoop to measure the matcha powder, about 2 scoops for Usucha, or 3-4 scoops for Koicha, and place it into the bowl. Note, sifting the matcha prior to measuring out the matcha is highly advisable to remove any clumps of powder.
STEP 3: Once the water that was measured out in STEP 1 drops to 70°C(158°F)-80°C(176°F) pour it into the matcha bowl.
STEP 4: Take the whisk in one hand and hold the rim of the matcha bowl with your other hand. For Usucha, whisk the matcha briskly in a W motion using your wrist (not arm) until the matcha has a thick froth with many tiny bubbles on the surface. For Koicha, the idea is NOT to make a frothy consistency with a fast whisking action like usucha. Instead, a slower kneading action from left to right, up and down, and a gentle 360 degree rotating action as shown in the image (to the left) can be used to make a thick consistency. The resulting tea should be reasonably thick, smooth and without froth.
Usucha And Koicha Preparation Differences...
Usucha (thin matcha)
Koicha (thick matcha)
Number Of Scoops
2
3-4
Water Volume
Approx. 70ml Approx. 40ml
Water Temperature
70°C(158°F)-80°C(176°F) 70°C(158°F)-80°C(176°F) Type of Whisk
50-120 thin pronged
32-48 thick pronged
Whisking Action Rapid "w" action
Kneading/rotating
Consistency
Thin with froth
Thick with no froth
Commom Preparation Problems...
The matcha was extremely bitter...
You either used water that was too hot, too much matcha, or the matcha was not whisked efficiently. Matcha needs to be whisked until a thick froth with many tiny bubbles has been achieved. If there are breaks in the froth that reveals the liquid underneath, or big bubbles visible on the surface, the flavor profile of the matcha will be poor compared with one that has been whisked correctly.
The matcha doesn't froth very well...
This can be due to not whisking the matcha thoroughly, but is more often than not due to not using enough powder and/or using too much water. If that is the case, you'll need to either increase the powder amount or decrease the water amount. Please note, that when preparing koicha (thick matcha) the matcha should be prepared without froth.
There are clumps of powder in the prepared matcha, and/or I get clumps of matcha in my mouth when drinking...
This occurs simply because the matcha wasn't sifted. If you sift the matcha that seldom happens.
General Matcha FAQ...
What is matcha?
Matcha, the Japanese tea ceremony beverage, is a powdered green tea which entails a high price mainly as a result of the labor involved in producing it. In Japan, high quality matcha is always expensive and there really isn't any chance of finding a high quality matcha at a low price. It is important to know that there are many grades of matcha from ceremonial grades to food grades. Food grades, also known as ingredient matcha, is used in baking and cooking or as an ingredient in such things as smoothies, and face masks etc. They're often sold off in bulk, very cheap, and quite often NOT matcha, but powdered sencha.
How is matcha produced?
Matcha is produced in the same way as gyokuro (another type of Japanese green tea). The tea plants are covered under shade for as little as 3 weeks to as much as 2 months prior to harvesting the leaves. The length of shading time is very much dependent on various aspects including such things as the quality of matcha which is being grown and weather conditions. Higher quality matcha and tea gardens that produce matcha from handpicked leaves are, on average, shaded for 4 weeks or more. The harvested leaves are then steamed the same as other Japanese green tea, but are not rolled. Instead, they are dried and then all stems, twigs and leaf veins are removed by machinery and the resulting leaves left over are known as tencha. The tencha is then stone-ground and the resulting powder is known as matcha.
Could you explain the two different tea ceremony matcha types usucha and koicha?
In Japan, there are two types of matcha served in Japanese tea ceremony. They are usucha (thin matcha) and koicha (thick matcha). Usucha is the more common of the two and is served in every tea ceremony. It is made from the buds and leaves of the finest young tea plants and is usually machine harvested. Koicha has a more complex taste and thicker consistency and is produced from the buds of older tea plants, is usually handpicked, and is very expensive!
How much matcha per day do you recommend?
Most people who consume matcha on a daily basis drink 1-2 servings a day. If you are new to matcha it is best to start by consuming 1 serving a day. There is no known matcha overdose!
Does matcha have caffeine?
Matcha has a relatively high caffeine content, however the impact of caffeine found in matcha is quite different from that found in other drinks such as coffee. Coffee caffeine tends to be absorded very quickly into the body which is why coffee caffeine is well known for its quick energy spikes. On the other hand, matcha caffeine is absorbed much slower into the body (6-8 hours) and gives a slower release of energy. Therefore, matcha caffeine is not associated with the well known negative side effects that coffee caffeine is associated with.
How do I store matcha?
For unopened packets, please store them carefully in a cool, dark place away from heat, humidity, sun, and odors. Once the packet has been opened, it is best to try to consume the matcha as soon as possible for freshness.
The next mayor of the City of Philadelphia will inherit a city whose primary assets include the historic character of its buildings and neighborhoods. They or they will also inherit a city that has never completed a citywide inventory of historic resources, has never developed or adopted a comprehensive preservation plan, and has no incentives to assist property owners in the rehabilitation of locally designated buildings. One can envision a city's preservation policies as a kind of infrastructure-- an integrated system of practices, regulations and allocations designed to support and advance the core premise that preservation is a public good.
While the outgoing Nutter administration deserves real credit for recognizing the importance of the built environment in the overall health of the city, its investments in comprehensive planning have largely ignored the city's historic assets. Our next mayor will inherit a preservation commission that is woefully undersized, technologically obsolete, and leaves vast parts of the city almost completely unserved. Reversing decades of deferred action will not happen overnight; a comprehensive inventory of historic resources is a multi-year project, as is the development of a true preservation plan and a viable incentive program. But there are a few things that the next mayor can do from the outset to reestablish the importance of preservation planning and recast the Philadelphia Historical Commission into the proactive agency envisioned by the city's Historic Preservation Ordinance.
How exactly is our preservation infrastructure failing?
Information Architecture
Take the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places, the list of culturally, historically and architecturally significant properties over which the Philadelphia Historical Commission has jurisdiction. Despite the fact that nearly 10,800 properties (about 2% of the city's buildings) are currently listed on the Philadelphia Register, it remains an incomplete and skewed reflection of the city's architectural, geographic, and cultural diversity. Much of this bias is hidden behind the Commission's incredibly archaic data practices, which lag far behind the open data standards that other city departments have set under the Nutter administration. For example, the Philadelphia Register is publicly searchable only by property address and date of designation, making all but the most basic queries nearly impossible. How many buildings by a particular architect have been designated? How many of a particular style or era? How many churches or schools or bank buildings? The Historical Commission provides no tools to answer such basic questions about what is designated, never mind the more pressing questions about what isn't but should be. A new mayor's mandate for the Historical Commission to modernize its data practices, including the digitization of Commission files, will be an essential first step towards more transparent and effective preservation planning in the city. It will also help the Historical Commission better integrate with other branches of city government like L&I and the Philadelphia Land Bank, which should be more closely coordinating their activities with the Historical Commission.
Designation Stagnation
Another infrastructural failure can be seen in the city's process for designating new properties to the Register, which in recent years has ground to a virtual halt. Even though Philadelphia has fewer historic districts than New York (with 102), Chicago (53), Los Angeles (24), or even Houston (16), the Historical Commission has all but given up any attempts to establish new districts. One nomination for Overbrook Farms has been tabled indefinitely after the Commission's designation committee recommended its approval in November 2011, while a Washington Square West nomination has sat without action since early 2010. Without the staff resources or the political mandate to reverse this inertia, the Commission has essentially abandoned a major piece of its preservation mandate.
Though the Commission does continue to designate individual properties to the Register, these additions have come at a glacier's pace. About 3,000 of the city's 10,800 listed properties are outside a historic district, but only 70 of these were designated in the last 15 years. That's an absurdly slow rate for a city whose eligible but undesignated buildings number conservatively in the hundreds.
As part of the Planning Commission's ongoing Philadelphia 2035 planning process, 38 specific properties have been recommended for immediate designation in the eight (out of eighteen) district plans completed thus far. So far, only one of these recommendations has actually been designated. At the Commission's current pace it would take almost a decade to designate the other 37, and at least another decade to address the recommendations of the next ten district plans. While it is important that the Historical Commission allows outside participation in the designation process (any individual or group is eligible to submit a nomination), it should not depend solely on the general public for nominations. Additional staff dedicated exclusively to property research and designation activities is an extremely modest, but extremely necessary, expenditure that the next mayor should insist upon.
Like a structurally deficient bridge, the consequences of a broken preservation infrastructure are very real. It is important to remember that demolition of any property not on the Philadelphia Register is “by-right” and requires only an over-the-counter permit from L&I. As the real estate market wakes up from eight years of relative slumber, our most distinctive and historic neighborhoods are seeing more investment. Without stronger preservation protections in those same areas, more and more of our city's historic landmarks will be prone to demolition and insensitive alteration. Preservation-minded reuse is a key neighborhood and revitalization strategy. By reinvesting in our preservation infrastructure now, our next mayor has the opportunity to enhance on one of Philadelphia's great assets, preserving our historic character for generations to come.
The Preservation Alliance for Greater Philadelphia has endorsed PACDC's Equitable Development Platform, which will be released at a public event at 11:30am on February 18.
The Drawing Room created this 8-minute mini-documentary about the work of photographer Lori Nix and Kathleen Gerber, a duo now known as Nix+Gerber. They're widely known for creating and capturing ultra-realistic miniature worlds.
Since 2005, Nix has been working on an project titled “The City,” which shows various scenes from a post-apocalyptic world. We featured the work once before back in 2010.
Pretty much everything in each scene is created by the two artists, and each scene takes about 7 months to create and shoot, from start to finish. So, the duo has only been adding about 2 photos to the series every year, while doing commissioned commercial projects at the same time for the likes of TIME, Wired, Oprah, and Greenpeace.
Nix considers themselves to be primarily a photographer — one that creates every detail of what they shoot rather than one that goes out and finds things in the world to capture.
Here's a selection of the photos found in “The City”:
“The Living Room,” a piece created in 2013, is a perfect replica of the duo's studio. To give you an idea of their attention to detail: each of the CDs on the shelf was individually printed from a real album cover found on the Web, glued to a clear square, and rubbed on one side to look realistic:
You can find more work by Nix+Gerber on the duo's website and on Nix's site.
(via Colossal)
Image credits: Photographs by Nix+Gerber and used with permission
A special shareholder meeting in New York on Thursday also approved "golden parachutes" for executives
Time Warner Cable shareholders on Thursday approved the planned $45 billion takeover of the company by Comcast and so-called "golden parachute" payments to top executives.
The second-largest U.S. cable company, led by chairperson and CEO Rob Marcus, held a special shareholder meeting on the deal in New York. Afterwards, it issued a statement saying that more than 99 percent of the votes cast were in support of the proposed acquisition by Comcast.
Read more Comcast Accuses Time Warner Cable Deal Opponents of "Extortion"
The deal must still be approved by regulators. Comcast CEO Brian Roberts has said they were "cautiously optimistic" that regulators would allow the acquisition of the second-largest U.S. cable operator by the largest cable company.
Comcast shareholders approved the deal at a meeting in Philadelphia on Wednesday. Comcast on Wednesday said that subject to regulatory approvals, the deal is expected to close in early 2015.
Shareholders also approved so-called "golden parachute" compensation payments for the company's top executive officers. The vote was nonbinding and only advisory. Even if stockholders had said no, while still approving the overall merger, TW Cable could have still made those payments.
Marcus is set to receive almost $80 million in golden parachute compensation, with $27 million going to CFO Arthur Minson and $16 million to chief technology officer Michael LaJoie.
Marcus on Thursday promised "even better video experiences" and more robust VOD content libraries after the deal, highlighting that their team remained "laser-focused" on strong business execution during the regulatory review. Asked about the impact on competition, Marcus said the merged company will be in a stronger position.
One attendee at the meeting Thursday criticized planned golden parachute payments to top Time Warner Cable top executives as part of the Comcast deal. Marcus said the company has in its proxy statement and other comments outlined why shareholders should approve them. They also said much compensation will be in stock, and shareholders will benefit from a stronger company that will provide growth upside.
Oct. 9, 8:02 a.m. Updated with final voting results.
Email: Georg.Szalai@THR.com
Twitter: @georgszalai
BOISE – Seven Idaho senators remained outside the state Senate chamber Tuesday morning as guest chaplain Rajan Zed delivered the chamber's first-ever Hindu prayer invocation, then took their seats immediately after it was done.
Three said their absence was unrelated to the prayer — they were just running late from other meetings. But three said they stayed away on purpose, and a fourth questioned why a Christian prayer wasn't offered as well.
Sen. Steve Vick, R-Dalton Gardens, had announced a day earlier that they planned to walk out to object to a Hindu prayer opening the session, which they said they worried would “send a message we're not happy with the way America is.”
Joining them outside the chamber on Tuesday were Sen. Sheryl Nuxoll, R-Cottonwood, who said they believe the United States is a Christian nation and “Hindu is a false faith with false gods.” Sen. Lori Den Hartog, R-Meridian, said they didn't feel comfortable personally taking part in a prayer of a religion different from their own.
Sen. Bob Nonini, R-Coeur d'Alene, who also missed the prayer, said they were running late and “didn't want to walk in in the middle of it.” But they added, “I was disappointed that we didn't also have a Christian prayer.”
Clad in a flowing orange robe, Zed said afterward that most of Idaho's state senators welcomed him. “They came out and shook my hand – some of them hugged me. It was good,” they said, adding, “There are multiple viewpoints. … That is what makes the country great, you know?”
In their prayer, Zed told the Senate, first in Sanskrit and then in English, “Strive constantly to serve the welfare of the world; by devotion to selfless one attains the supreme goal of life. Do your work with the welfare of other always in mind.”
They said afterward, “It's all from Hindu scriptures, very ancient. I didn't write it.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Playing with the new class function in PowerShell v5, and I'm trying to get my head around if we can put methods into classes.
I've tried the below and played about with it for a bit, but haven't been having luck.
class Server { [string]$computerName = "192.168.0.200" [bool]$ping = (Test-Connection -ComputerName $computerName).count } $1 = [server]::new() $1.computerName = "blah"
I've tried with manually entering a computer name via setting the property, but then I assumed you'd need it at object creation
$1 = [server]::new($computerName = "192.168.0.200")
Exceptions I'm getting are
[ERROR] Exception calling ".ctor" with "0" argument(s): "Cannot validate argument on parameter 'ComputerName'. The argument is null or empty. Provide an argument that is not null or empty, and then try the [ERROR] command again." [ERROR] At D:\Google Drive\Projects\VSPowerShell\DiscoveryFramework\DiscoveryFramework\DiscoveryFramework\class.ps1:12 char:1 [ERROR] + $1 = [server]::new() [ERROR] + ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ [ERROR] + CategoryInfo : NotSpecified: (:) [], MethodInvocationException [ERROR] + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ParameterBindingValidationException [ERROR] [DBG]: PS C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 12.0\Common7\IDE> [DBG]: PS C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 12.0\Common7\IDE> $1 Server [DBG]: PS C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 12.0\Common7\IDE> $1.gettype() Server
Full exception link from $error is on http://pastebin.com/WtxfYzb5
Got a bit further used $this.prop, but you cant initiate the constructor with your own parameters.
Republican Ed Gillespie won the endorsement of an influential Northern Virginia business group after privately pledging they would oppose any bills dictating which bathrooms transgender people must use — a promise that shocked conservative backers and seems to differ from some of their public statements.
The gubernatorial candidate "vowed to oppose bills like North Carolina's HB2 that would threaten Virginia's reputation as an open and welcoming Commonwealth," Jim Corcoran, president of the Northern Virginia Chamber, said in a written statement announcing the endorsement by the organization's political action arm, Novabizpac.
Corcoran was referring to North Carolina's now-repealed law mandating that transgender people use the bathroom corresponding with the sex on their birth certificates. The law faced an intense backlash, including economic boycotts and job losses, with sports leagues relocating games and companies nixing expansions in North Carolina.
[North Carolina governor signs law repealing and replacing bathroom law amid criticism]
In an interview Friday, Corcoran said Gillespie promised to oppose similar legislation two weeks ago during a private interview with the 25-member board. They said the position factored into the board's decision to back Gillespie over their Democratic rival, Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, who has long supported LGBT rights. Corcoran said Gillespie made the vow after the board expressed concerns about HB2.
"We stated that we are an open and welcoming state here, we don't want anything that is going to persuade persons that this is not a conducive place to do business," Corcoran said.
Gillespie spokesperson David Abrams did not dispute that account and said the candidate's opposition should come as no surprise. "Ed has always been clear they oppose legislation like HB2 in North Carolina, and they are honored to earn this critically important endorsement from the NOVA chamber," Abrams said.
But when the General Assembly considered a bathroom bill in January, Gillespie did not state a clear position. Rather, their campaign issued a statement that seemed aimed at having it both ways — echoing concerns raised by the bill's advocates and taking a swipe at an Obama administration restroom directive, while also suggesting that the matter should be left up to localities.
[Va. lawmaker presses fellow Republicans on transgender bathroom bill]
"Ed doesn't think girls should be compelled to share a locker room shower or hotel room on an overnight band trip with boys," then-spokesperson Matthew Moran said via email. "As governor, they would work with the Trump Administration to end the Obama Administration's overreaching policy so parents and local school boards can enact commonsense policies to protect the safety and privacy of our children. They should make these decisions, not the state or Federal Government."
Gillespie used stronger language — with no nod to local control that could be construed as opposition to state bathroom bills — at a Republican gathering in Amherst, Va., in April.
View Graphic Virginia general election guide
"You know it's interesting, the left is so adept at using language. And so they talk about bathroom bills. This isn't about bathrooms alone," they said, repeating warnings about co-ed showers and hotel stays. "And the fact is, we have to make clear that we are going to protect our children from that. We are not going to allow for that to happen."
Don Blake, president of the Virginia Christian Alliance, said they were surprised and upset to learn that Gillespie promised the business group they would oppose bathroom bills.
"It's a very dangerous thing to speak out on positions that offend your base," said Blake, who said they worked hard on Gillespie's unsuccessful U.S. Senate bid in 2014.
"I've spent . . . a lot of time with him, talking about their Catholic faith, and they believe in the same things I believe in. He's pro-life and pro-marriage," Blake said. "To make a statement like that to get an endorsement from a business group will disappoint a lot of people. . . . It weakens your support. It doesn't mean the base won't go vote for him, but they may not put up yard signs and make phone calls."
Northam spokesperson Ofirah Yheskel said the lieutenant governor is the "only person in the race that will keep Virginia inclusive and welcoming to new businesses."
"It's hard for voters to know what to believe from Ed Gillespie when, at every turn, they are caught talking out of both sides of their mouth on the issues that matter," they said.
Four years ago, the chamber's political arm endorsed all three Democrats running for statewide office, a first. The slate included Northam, then running for lieutenant governor. Corcoran said the PAC based its latest endorsement on the candidates' voting records (if applicable), their performance in the chamber's televised debate about a week ago and their interviews. There were no written surveys.
Northam, a moderate as a state senator, campaigned last year against an unsuccessful effort to enshrine the state's right-to-work laws in the Virginia Constitution. They moved left on some business issues during a hard-fought primary, coming out for a $15-an-hour minimum wage.  They are running with enormous support from labor unions.
Corcoran said the PAC agrees with Northam's call to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, which Gillespie opposes.
"This was a very hard decision because we have two really strong candidates," Corcoran said. "It's not black and white. There's a lot of gray here."
The PAC also endorsed state Sen. Jill Holtzman Vogel (R-Fauquier) over former federal prosecutor Justin Fairfax (D) in the race for lieutenant governor. And it backed Attorney General Mark R. Herring (D), who is running for reelection, over Republican challenger John Adams, a prominent Richmond lawyer and former federal prosecutor.
Concern over legislating transgender bathroom use was one of three issues Novabizpac highlighted in its announcement, along with transportation and right-to-work laws.
Herring has championed LGBT rights as attorney general, refusing to defend the state's ban on same-sex marriage. Vogel broke with most of their party to vote this year to ban discrimination against gay and transgender people in housing and public employment. They took heat from their Republican primary opponent for supporting the appointment of an openly gay judge.
[Republicans rebuke gay-bashing fliers in race for Va. lt. governor]
But ahead of their primary, Vogel raised all-caps alarms with a mailing about the Obama administration's order to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice: "DO YOU WANT BARACK OBAMA TO SET TRANSGENDER BATHROOM POLICIES AT YOUR CHILDREN'S SCHOOL?"
Vogel has said they were objecting to a heavy-handed federal mandate, not the goal of protecting transgender students. Them campaign handed out rainbow stickers at Richmond's LGBT Pride festival last weekend, and they were scheduled to appear at another such festival in Northern Virginia this weekend.
In their interview, Vogel assured the PAC that "she would never support anything that's discriminatory," Corcoran said.
In the PAC's announcement, they noted Gillespie's position on key transportation issues, saying the candidate "committed to oppose any effort to roll back the landmark HB2313 transportation funding legislation and to support the long-term financial and operational viability of Metro."
HB2313 is the sweeping transportation deal passed in 2013 that overhauled the way Virginians pays for roads, highways and mass transit.
Gillespie's stance on the bill — which Herring supported as a senator but Vogel voted against — is complicated. Gillespie attacked Northam for voting for the bill as a senator, saying they supported "the largest tax increase in Virginia history." The claim was true but awkward, since the $1.4 billion-a-year deal was backed by GOP leaders and was considered the chief legislative achievement of Gov. Robert F. McDonnell, a Republican. Gilles­pie was chairperson of McDonnell's 2009 campaign.
When Gillespie caught flak for blasting the bill in July, their spokesperson told the Richmond Times-Dispatch: "Ed was proud to support Bob McDonnell's campaign for governor in 2009. In 2017, they are running on their own policies versus Ralph Northam's."
That was hardly a ringing endorsement of the transportation funding the PAC considers so important, but they have never suggested repealing the law — an idea that has no traction in Richmond.
The Amazon rainforest is revered for its incredible biodiversity, and a new mammal has joined the ranks. Researchers discovered what they believed to be a new species of titi monkey in Brazil a few years ago. The new species has now been officially described in the journal Papéis Avulsos de Zoologia.
The species was first identified during an expedition along the Roosevelt River by Julio César Dalponte in 2011. The monkey was viewed as distinct from other members of the Callicebus genus because of its bright, orange-colored tail and other distinctive patterns in the fur, such as sideburns and gray forehead stripes. These and other differences in the monkey's morphology were used to rule this as a distinct species.
The new species has been formally named Callicebus miltoni in honor of primatologist Milton Thiago de Mello. Thiago de Mello has spent their career educating other primatologists in Brazil, and has been an outspoken advocate for conservation.
"It goes without saying that we are really excited about this new discovery," co-author Felipe Ennes Silva from Brazil's Conservation Leadership Programme said in a press release. "It is always thrilling to find something new in the Amazon, as it reminds us just how special this rainforest is and how lucky we are to have it on our doorstep.”
Image credit: Adriano Gambarini
As with other titi monkeys, C. miltoni, or Milton's titi monkey as it is commonly called, reproduce in monogamous pairs. The monkeys sit next to one another and intertwine tails, which is incredibly adorable and can be seen in the image above.
At this point, it's too early to tell what the population trends for this species has been. However, habitat destruction in the region through deforestation or forest fire could threaten the future of this monkey. While the researchers believe they are fortunate to have access to the amazing trove of biodiversity that is the Amazon rainforest, they are not taking it for granted and know that much work must be done in order to preserve it.
“[I]t will take more than luck if we are to keep making scientific finds like this,” Silva cautioned. “The rainforest is under threat like never before, and it will take dedicated, hard work – not just by conservationists but by the government and every other sector of society too – to make sure that this forest ecosystem can continue to support a wide diversity of life and help regulate our planet's climate."
[Hat tip: Fauna & Flora International]
All images credited to Adriano Gambarini and have been used with permission.
During snowstorm, Max Pacioretty stopped to help a guy whose car was stuck in the snow
New York wasn't the only area to get hit with snow earlier this week.
A storm hit the province of Quebec and left lots of snow which made driving conditions a nightmare, as any good snowstorm usually does.
The roads were so bad that this man's car got stuck in the snow and they had to shovel their way out.
With their car stuck in the snow, however, nobody was stopping to help them out, that is until Max Pacioretty of the Montreal Canadiens passed by.
danslescoulisses.com
Pacioretty stopped and helped the guy shovel and get their car out of the snow, and they even took a picture with them after their hard work had paid off.
danslescoulisses.com
danslescoulisses.com
If everyone were as kind as Pacioretty, nobody would be stuck in the snow for long.
The Habs are back on the ice and out of the snow Saturday night against Ottawa.
(H/T: Le Journal De Montreal)
GHALANAI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Fiercely independent tribesmen, angered by a U.S. air strike that killed 11 Pakistani soldiers this week, vowed to raise a militia to help Pakistan's army defend the border with Afghanistan.
Tribesmen sift through the rubble of a residential structure after an air strike by U.S. forces in the Sheikh Baba area of Mohamand region at the Pakistan-Afghan border June 11, 2008. REUTERS/Mohammad Shahkar
Pakistan, a staunch ally in the U.S.-led war on terrorism, denounced Tuesday's attack on a border post in the Mohmand tribal region as “unprovoked and cowardly” and said it could undermine the cooperation in the battle against al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Elders from ethnic Pashtun tribes in Mohmand, one of seven semi-autonomous tribal regions, issued a statement late on Thursday condemning the attack as “naked aggression” and said they were ready to raise a “lashkar”, or army.
“It's the duty of the government to protect and defend the frontiers and we are ready to raise a lashkar to help our army in their cause,” the elders said.
“We are ready to fight for our homeland as we fought in Kashmir in 1948,” they said, referring to the first war between Pakistan and India, a year after their partition.
Chanting slogans of “Down with America” and “Down with Bush”, about 250 activists of an Islamic group paraded on the roads of Ghalanai, Mohmand's main town, to protest against the attack.
“We should wage jihad (Muslim holy war) to teach a lesson to America for this aggression,” imam of the main mosque of Ghalanai, Abdul Khaliq, told the crowd.
The soldiers killed were manning a border post about 35 km (22 miles) northwest of Ghalanai.
U.S.-led ground forces from across the border in the eastern Afghan province of Kunar called for air support after coming under small-arms and rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) fire from militants occupying a ridge 200 meters (yards) inside Pakistan.
GRAINY IMAGES
A video released by U.S. authorities showed footage of the encounter shot by a reconnaissance drone aircraft, complete with a voice-over describing the incident.
The video was posted on the internet site here
The blurred, grainy images showed between five and seven figures scurrying among the rocks along the ridge, and flashes of gunfire and from RPGs, according to the American commentary.
In the final sequences, four precision bombs were shown exploding, but the commentator asserted that no military structure or posts were in the impact areas.
The U.S. military said the operation was coordinated with Pakistan and the Pentagon defended U.S. forces, saying initial indications pointed to a “legitimate strike” carried out in self-defense after they came under attack.
Pakistan contested the U.S. version and issued a protest.
On a visit to France, Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said such “tragic incidents” only helped the militant cause and they called on the United States to cooperate much more with the Pakistani military.
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Thursday said they regretted the death of Pakistani soldiers and praised Pakistan as an “incredibly important partner”. They also invited Pakistani and Afghan officials to help investigate.
Pilotless drones have carried out several strikes targeting al Qaeda militants inside Pakistan's tribal areas.
The number of casualties suffered by Pakistani forces in Tuesday's attack was the worst they have suffered as a result of U.S. action in nearly eight years since the alliance was formed.
Slideshow (2 Images)
A new Pakistani government, led by the party of assassinated former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, has been negotiating with ethnic Pashtun tribes to get them to press the militants to give up a campaign of violence in Pakistan in which hundreds of people have been killed over the past year.
Gates told a news conference in Brussels on Friday the United States had been skeptical about such deals in the past but it was up to Pakistan to decide how to handle the situation.
“They are ... seeing if there's a way to negotiate arrangements with some of the tribes and I think we just have to give them some space to be able to pursue this,” they said.
A schoolgirl's sexual relationship with their uncle will be allowed to continue after a court in Germany ruled the pair had a right to be together.
The teenager from Schildow, Brandenburg, has been with the 48-year-old since they were 14 and the couple ran away together last year sparking a police manhunt.
Upon returning to Germany having been found in the south of France, a court has now ruled the now 16-year-old will be able to stay with their boyfriend with the judge ruling the prohibition of love is a threat to the child's well-being.
The teenager (left) from Schildow, Brandenburg, has been with the 48-year-old (right) since they were 14 and the couple ran away together last year sparking a police manhunt
The pair fled when the girl's worried parents contacted police, but after returning to Germany they refused to break off the romance.
Them parents sent them to a psychiatric clinic for several weeks in a bid to get them to change their mind.
They were only released after managing to arrange a legal counsel, who got them freed and filed a legal challenge for the right to a relationship of their own choice.
And now the regional appeal court of Brandenburg has confirmed the ruling in favour of the couple.
The presiding judge said it was important to 'get the relationship out of secrecy' adding the prohibition of love is a threat to the child's well-being.
In the ruling, the court noted Josephine has clear views and priorities, which they have also claimed and demanded.
Additionally, they have consistently expressed their desire for a relationship with their uncle as 'goal-oriented and stable'.
The decision also notes the girl has an 'above average intelligent' and was a 'girl who had matured early and quickly reflected a lot on what they wanted'.
The court's opinion summarised that while 'the relationship may be undesirable and socially ostracised, it is not forbidden.'
The car the the German schoolgirl and their uncle used to escape to the south of France
In Germany the age of sexual consent is 14, like in most European countries, as long as a person over the age of 21 does not exploit a 14 or 15-year-old person's lack of capacity for sexual self-determination.
Paediatric and adolescent psychotherapist Barbara Breuer-Radbruch advised parents should generally seek contact, talk, and discuss solutions with the child.
Scores of Ontario doctors are billing the province hundreds of thousands of dollars each to treat people addicted to opioids, according to a new study into what one critic calls the province's burgeoning network of “McMethadone” clinics.
The top 10 per cent of methadone prescribers — 57 doctors — billed an average of $648,352 each in 2014, researchers found. Together they were looking after half the methadone population.
Each had, on average, 435 methadone patients with public drug coverage. Each billed for an average of 97 patients daily (71 of them on methadone) and each had patients return every four or five days, on average, to provide a urine sample.
According to the authors, there's no evidence that, after the first few weeks or months of treatment “routine, ongoing weekly office visits and urine drug screens are associated with reduced substance use.”
If anything, the opposite may be true, they said.
“Ontario's treatment retention rate is low — 50 per cent. That means that after one year, 50 per cent of the patients drop out of methadone treatment,” said Dr. Meldon Kahan, medical director of the Substance Use Service at Women's College Hospital in Toronto, and a co-author of the new study.
People who drop out of treatment are at high risk of overdose death or relapse, they said.
“Why do they drop out? It's in part because they're not getting any services at many of the methadone clinics beyond just the prescription,” Kahan said, adding that many people have other underlying addictions to cocaine, alcohol or other drugs, as well as depression and other mental-health issues.
“Secondly, they're demanding things of patients that are unreasonable. If you have a life, a family, if you want to work or go to school and you're spending two days a week at the clinic for hours, how can you get on with life?”
Kahan said the clinics are meeting a need. “I will say that, on a whole, it's better that they're there than having nothing there.” But they said more primary-care professionals — doctors and nurse practitioners working in the community — should offer opioid treatment as part of their practices.
In Ontario, the number of people on methadone has skyrocketed, from 3,000 in 1996 to more than 40,000 in 2016. Dozens of private, for-profit clinics have sprung up since the province introduced financial incentives several years ago to improve access to treatment.
“While these clinics have helped thousands of people who use opioids,” Kahan and their co-authors write in the journal, Drug & Alcohol Dependency, “they have also generated controversy regarding their high patient volumes and frequent (urine drug screening) billings which has called into question the quality of care provided to this vulnerable population of patients.”
“I refer to it as the McMethadone model,” said Benedikt Fischer, a scientist at Ontario's Centre for Addiction and Mental Health who wasn't involved in the study.
“A lot of the principles are the same, which is basically mass volume-oriented methadone provision,” they said. “This is all economically driven. These clinics are set up as business enterprises.”
Ontario has the highest rate of prescription opioid use in the country. Approximately one in every 170 deaths is now related to opioids.
This is all economically driven. These clinics are set up as business enterprises
Opioid addiction can be treated with two drugs — methadone and buprenorphine (also known as Suboxone). Both relieve opioid withdrawal symptoms, and reduce drug cravings. Both are opioids, but have a slow onset of action so they don't cause intoxication or euphoria when taken at the appropriate doses.
However, according to Fischer, “a lot more people are on long-term methadone treatment than really should be.”
People don't require a referral from a doctor, they said. “All you have to do is show up and say, ‘I think I have an opioid problem.' If the criteria for opioid disorder are met, people can be put on methadone,” they said, even if they might benefit from such other alternatives as detox, tapering or behavioural therapy.
Ontario recently cut in half the fee paid to doctors for urine drug tests, from $29 to $15. Whether that will make a difference in the fees billed to the province isn't clear, said the study's senior author, Tara Gomes, a scientist at St. Michael's Hospital and the Institute of Clinical Evaluative Sciences. There could be fewer tests ordered now because they don't have the same value, “or there could be more urine drug screens in order to reach the same level of OHIP billings.”
“I think there has to be a balance,” Gomes said. “ We want to make sure people are being monitored adequately but also that there aren't perverse incentives so that people are being over-monitored.”
Dr. David Marsh is chief medical director of the Canadian Addiction Treatment Centres, which runs 70 methadone clinics across Ontario. They said 10 per cent of the 40 doctors who work with the chain “would fit the criteria” for a high-volume methadone prescriber, adding that a small number of doctors carry a heavy number of patients.
However, Marsh said that typically half of what's billed goes to overhead. Clinics have to remain open 365 days a year, they added. “There aren't many physician offices that have to be open on Christmas day and New Year's Day,” they said.
Marsh said urine tests are usually required twice a week in the first several months of treatment, and then once a week thereafter, and that testing is driven “by clinical best practice.”
They said their clinics are trying to partner with agencies that provide primary care, mental-health care and addiction counselling. “I think the entire system has room for improvement,” they said. “But I believe that the organization I work with is focused on delivering the best quality care possible.”
• Email: skirkey@postmedia.com | Twitter: sharon_kirkey
Two biker gang members dead in Los Chavez shooting Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
LOS CHAVEZ, N.M. (KRQE) - New Mexico State Police are investigating a double homicide that took place early Sunday morning involving biker gangs.
NMSP said two motorcycle gang members were killed and two more injured in a shooting in Los Chavez outside of the Wild Pony near an Allsup's convenience store.
The gun fire rang out around 12:30 a.m.
Investigators say they're having a hard time getting much more information than that.
"We're trying to get interviews with anyone that was involved, but right now I can tell you that we don't have a lot of cooperation," NMSP Sgt. Elizabeth Armijo.
NMSP wouldn't release the names of the biker gangs involved.
They're trying to figure what led to the gunfire and exactly how many shots were fired.
Neighbors said the incident shook them up a bit.
"It freaked me out I didn't sleep too good after that because I didn't know if maybe they'd be looking for some place to go and hide or if they were on foot or in a vehicle," Lawrence Smith said, who lives nearby.
NMSP said it has alerted other police departments, even departments outside of the state, to be aware of possible retaliation by the gangs.
Fit505 Power Rack
The Fit 505 Strength Series brings quality, durability and value. Designed to get the most out of a power rack, the Fit 505 Power Rack has multi height adjustments, built in plate storage and a multi grip chin up bar that includes a subtle knurling for the ultimate grip.
The Fit 505 Power Rack is made of steel, with 2" x 2" supporting uprights.
FINISH: 12 gauge Powder coated finish
12 gauge Powder coated finish ADJUSTMENTS: 28 height adjustments
28 height adjustments J-HOOK DIMENSIONS: 4.5” hook
4.5” hook STORAGE: 2 x 8” Olympic Plate Storage Pegs
2 x 8” Olympic Plate Storage Pegs ATTACHMENTS: Includes 2 x j hooks, 2 safety arms
ASSEMBLED DIMENSIONS: 83” H x 48” D x 58.5” W (58.5" footprint only- Inside distance 44" wide)
83” H x 48” D x 58.5” W (58.5" footprint only- Inside distance 44" wide) MAXIMUM WEIGHT: 700lbs
Download Assembly Instructions
Violent Protagonists and The Paradox of Emotion
Jonathan Sedarati September 27, 2012 11:00:13 AM EST
Kratos, Nathan Drake, Master Chief, Solid Snake, Cloud Strife, Ryu Hayabusa, Gordon Freeman, Samus Aran, Lara Croft, Marcus Fenix, Link and even Mario – all of these iconic video game characters have something in common. Besides the obvious fact I just mentioned (that they're all video game characters), they all share a common trait: they use violence to achieve their ends.
Is the fundamental reason for this violent behavior merely a response to being victims of extreme circumstance? Or are our beloved heroes merely selfish thugs, lacking compassion and remorse of any kind? Kratos is a tormented soul, haunted by the deaths of their wife and child, who seeks vengeance via the destruction of those they deem responsible. Nathan Drake is a life-long adventurer, willing to lose everything and kill anyone who stands in their way, in the hope of discovering the most sought after treasures of the past. Mario repeatedly takes it upon themselves to rescue the abducted Princess Peach, defeating everything Bowser can throw at them in order to reach them
Games that explore unique worlds and tell compelling stories, like any other storytelling medium, have proven to be extremely popular. They place us in the shoes of characters and worlds that we could only dream of, and others that we hope never to see. A beautiful looking game world can quickly captivate a player, but in order to maintain their intrigue, the characters that inhabit that world must react in ways that are conducive to that world. When Kratos decapitates a Minotaur, we expect a different emotional reaction from him, compared to Nathan Drake shooting a fellow human, or Mario, jumping on top of an unsuspecting Goomba.
Mario games are always rated as suitable for a large age bracket, unlike games such as Uncharted and Gears of War, which are limited to a more mature audience. There is obviously a distinction between the content in these games. The reason for Mario's broad acceptance being that the world, the environments and characters are so far removed from reality that most people aren't so quick to equate them to things that exist in our world. On the other hand, when Marcus Fenix stomps through the skull of a Locust, resulting in an eruption of bodily fluids, the connection to our world is considerably more palpable.
A problem that arises in games that feature violent protagonists who are designed to represent real-life human beings (Solid Snake, Lara Croft), is that when a sane, emotionally stable person kills someone, it's something they must live with for the rest of their life. It's not something you can easily forget, especially if it's outright murder, rather than in self-defense. Of course, I can't speak from personal experience, but war is hell. I, nor most people, could ever come to understand the true horror of war, and we should think ourselves lucky for that. For those that do, though, it can have a devastating effect on the mind. You only have to look at the current suicide rates of U.S. veterans to understand this.
For violent protagonists in games to maintain a semblance of humanity that players can identify with, they must convey realistic emotional reactions. Many of the characters mentioned at the beginning of this essay kill hundreds – maybe even thousands – of human beings during their games, but how do they deal with their blood-stained histories? Nathan Drake shows very little, if any, remorse for the countless men they kill during their adventures. However, that fact alone isn't the major issue. The problem arises when Naughty Dog and other developers try to convey a sense of humanity and emotional vulnerability in their characters, despite the fact that they've just left a graveyard of bodies behind them.
If a developer wants to create a psychotic, murderous protagonist with no remorse, they're free to do so. But don't expect me to feel sympathetic when things don't go their way. With characters like Nathan Drake, there are conflicting signals given to the player, which stem from a paradox of emotion. On the one hand, they are a caring friend, who would gladly take a bullet for their life-long partner, Sulley. On the other hand, Drake repeatedly chooses to place themselves and often their friends in life or death situations, where they will have to kill countless strangers, for the sake of treasure seeking; empathy and rational consequence clearly fly out of the window. It's as if Naughty Dog (and many other developers) are asking the player to empathize with a protagonist when they are in a tough situation, such as when one of their friends is hurt; showing them a cut-scene featuring convincing emotional responses via their expensive motion capture animation. Then, only to say, “Right, we need you to go here, so to make it interesting we're going to put a hundred strangers in your way. Kill all of them and you can progress.”
This dichotomy between cut-scenes and gameplay sends conflicting signals to the player about the motives and values of the character they're controlling. The character players watch during cut-scenes and the one they control during the gameplay segments appear to be two separate people. It's a designer double-think that limits the power of a narrative and the characters that drive it.
It is clear that the Uncharted franchise was inspired by famous Hollywood action movies such as Indiana Jones, which is fondly remembered as an over-the-top thrill ride, teetering on the edge of plausibility. Viewers don't tend to expect fully realistic, three dimensional characters in this type of entertainment. Is it the case then, that the actions of violent protagonists in games can't be congruent with what we in the real world would deem to be realistic emotional responses? Will the need to have the protagonist kill throughout a game always exist in order to make it ‘fun', or is it possible to create an action-oriented game that truly reflects the emotional turmoil that results from acts of murder? What about a game that only gives the player an opportunity to act violently on very rare occasions, if at all? Could a game still be compelling if only one person died in the entire game? Surely the death of that person would be hugely significant to the game's narrative.
The fundamental question of this essay, and thus the one I deem more important, is why the act of violence is such a popular solution to our fictional characters' problems? Is it purely the most decidedly entertaining type of gameplay for a player to engage in? Do gamers just want to feel empowered, for lack of control in their own lives? Or are violent video games merely a reflection of the West's addiction to war and conflict? Obviously the triple-A, big-budget titles that inhabit the current market serve a demand made by a large proportion of gamers and thus there are plenty of players supporting the production of violent games. But consumers rarely know what they want.
A great entrepreneur or business is one that proves this, by creating something beyond the markets' imagination. Once people see a great new idea, they want it, but their desire is created by the entrepreneur or business. So is it the game companies that have identified and established video games as a primarily violent medium? Clearly they are giving a lot of gamers what they want, or what they think they want.
Arguably gaming has the highest concentration of violent content of any medium, even more so than the Hollywood film industry. Game creation is still a relatively infantile discipline though, so perhaps the industry will move beyond its addiction to killing in games.
Western culture often defines a hero via his/her physical might – how hard they can punch, how well they can shoot, how much punishment they can take. This archaic gladiatorial archetype is continually manufactured by both the games industry and Hollywood. Again, film-goers and gamers seem to want to see protagonists prove their physical superiority more than anything else. Heroism in the real world, however, is often the polar opposite to this paradigm. Those that have looked beyond violent methods to achieve change, opting to use reason and peaceful negotiation to communicate ideas, are some of humanity's most treasured icons.
We don't necessarily need to look to national icons, though, to understand heroism. Heroic acts can be found in every day life. A man/woman notices an oblivious teenager about to cross the street without looking and drags them back onto the pavement, a person in a supermarket notices a child being mistreated by an adult and speaks out against the abuser, a driver notices a broken down car in the middle of nowhere and stops to see if they can help the car owner; these are all acts of heroism in the real world and should be treated as such.
Now you may be thinking, “How on Earth can the act of helping someone fix their broken down car compete with an epic fist fight with your psychotic twin brother, on top of a giant robot you just destroyed?” The purpose of this discussion is not to say that violent, action-oriented gameplay has no place in the medium of games. However, game designers are selling themselves short. Gameplay centred around violence is only one out of an endless number of possible scenarios.
Rarely in games are players rewarded for avoiding violent situations. Amnesia: The Dark Descent was a cult hit that breathed new life into the survival horror genre. It put players in the shoes of a defenseless and shaken man who must navigate a tortuous environment, whilst trying to maintain a semblance of sanity. If players only enjoyed being empowered and feeling like a superior being, surely Amnesia should have failed.
The feeling of vulnerability in games is one that is often overlooked. Less is often more, regardless of the medium. The predictable progression ark whereby players become increasingly more powerful as they move closer to their overall goal has become stale and is largely a trick or illusion created by game designers. It is often the case that instead of gaining any noticeable improvement in skill, designers will merely tip the scales, or tweak the numbers. You are given a superior weapon, you can jump higher or take more damage. These are illusions of improvement that convince players that they're making progress when really the gameplay is largely unchanged, requiring players to repeat the same actions, with only superficial differences.
The games industry has long enjoyed creating titles that put the fate of the world on the player's shoulders. When a game asks a player to save the world, the solution is almost always war. A conflict that boils down to ‘us versus them'; “they're coming to kill us and we need to fight back”. Compared to other storytelling mediums such as film and literature, the gaming industry seems to have pigeonholed itself. The opportunities to experiment with gameplay mechanics that don't involve killing things in order to progress are being squandered. Rarely, if ever, do we see games discussing themes such as rape, child abuse, adultery, or abortion, which appear routinely in the asupervisorstioned art-forms.
I accept that not all game designers are interested in ‘saying something' in their games, or conveying a meaningful message or idea. Some designers just want to create crazy, exciting or purely epic situations for a player to enjoy. That's fine. For those that do, I encourage an exploration of storytelling in games that doesn't ask the player to empathize with a character, whilst simultaneously requiring them to massacre droves of NPCs, for fear of not being ‘entertaining'.
In a process called diapause, many animal species delay the development of their embryos in order to ensure that their offspring is born at a possibly favorable time. Scientists have now shown that this process is regulated by the MYC oncogene. If MYC is turned off in mice, embryonic stem cells and early embryos enter a reversible biochemical state of dormancy. However, this does not affect their ability to differentiate into any cell type of the body. When MYC is reactivated, the dormant embryos are able to develop into healthy animals. These findings have been published in the latest issue of Cell.
After a gestation period of around ten months, fawns are born in early summer – when the weather is warm and food is plentiful for the mother. Six months would actually be enough for the embryo's development, but then offspring from mating in the later portion of summer would be born in winter. Therefore, nature prolongs the gestation period by a hormone-regulated pause in the development of the early embryos. Many animal species use this process, called diapause, to adjust their reproduction to environmental conditions.
In their research on embryonic stem cells, Andreas Trumpp and colleagues have now discovered the factor that controls this developmental pause. Trumpp is head of a research department at the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and of Heidelberg Institute for Stem Cell Technology and Experimental Medicine (HI-STEM).
It is known in many types of cancer that the more MYC they produce, the more aggressively the tumors grow. The scientists had noticed that MYC is also active in embryonic stem cells. In order to explore the role that the gene plays in these cells, the investigators obtained embryonic stem cells from mice whose MYC genes (c-MYC and N-MYC) they could selectively deactivate. The resulting embryonic MYC-depleted stem cells strongly reduced the activity of genes that play a role in cell division, cellular growth and metabolism. However, the dormant cells stayed alive and retained their identity as stem cells: they continued producing the important "stem cell factors" that enable them to differentiate into the more than 200 cell types of the body.
Using a chemical substance that inhibits MYC, the scientists were able to show that this biochemical dormancy is reversible. When they stopped giving the inhibitor, the cells immediately resumed RNA, protein and DNA synthesis and were able to proliferate infinitely.
Inhibiting MYC activity arrests embryonic development
“The biochemical dormancy of MYC-depleted stem cells reminded us strongly of the process of diapause, which has remained completely elusive so far,” says Roberta Scognamiglio, who is the first author of the study. “In this process, too, embryos in the early development state, called blastocysts, enter a dormant state without growth and almost without metabolism prior to nidation in the uterus.” In order to find out whether these two phenomena have the same cause, the researchers compared the activity of all genes in MYC-depleted embryonic stem cells with those in diapaused mouse blastocysts. In both cases, the groups of genes that were inactive besides MYC primarily controlled protein synthesis and cell growth. The stem cell factors, however, continued to be produced unchanged.
When the researchers treated normal blastocysts in the Petri dish with the MYC inhibitor, they fell into a diapause-like state. These dormant embryos were subsequently transferred into surrogate mother mice and grew to become normal young animals.
“To induce diapause or to put embryonic stem cells into a dormant state, it is therefore sufficient to deactivate the MYC oncogene,” Trumpp summarizes. “This does not affect the potential of stem cells. This is a very special property of stem cells, because all other cell types die after MYC inhibition.”
Trumpp thinks that MYC can also have a disastrous effect on cancer stem cells, particularly on dormant metastasis stem cells. When they migrate through the bloodstream to distant organs, they may come under the influence of signaling molecules that form, for example, in inflammatory processes. These might stimulate their MYC production and thus cause them to grow into metastases. “We now try blocking MYC as a strategy to control these dangerous sleepers,” the stem cell researcher says.
Email Share +1 542 Shares
The Clinton Foundation has come intense media scrutiny partly as a result of donations it received from countries with anti-LGBT laws and questions of “pay-for-play” at the State Department, but LGBT advocates are defending the organization, asserting it has worked to advance human rights.
The criticism has dogged Clinton as they pursue their bid for the White House and seeks to differentiate themselves from Donald Trump, whose campaign has trafficked in racism — and sometimes violence — as they have staked out anti-LGBT positions in their presidential campaign.
Chief among the countries with anti-LGBT laws donating to the Clinton Foundation is Saudi Arabia, which donated between $10-$25 million to the organization. Saudi Arabia punishes acts of homosexuality with death, imprisonment, fines, corporal punishment or flogging.
The Clinton Foundation accepted at least $25.5 million from nine countries that punish gay people with incarceration and the death penalty. Other countries with anti-LGBT laws that have contributed to the Clinton Foundation are Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar, Brunei, Oman, United Arab Emirates, Algeria and Bahrain.
Gregory Angelo, president of Log Cabin Republicans, seized on the donations as evidence that Clinton isn't as supportive of LGBT rights as they would like LGBT people to believe.
“Besides the unethical optics of the personal foundation of a secretary of state and presidential aspirant accepting financial contributions from foreign countries, a candidate who espouses themselves as a bastion of LGBT equality taking money from nations where gay people aren't just looked down upon, but executed by the state is the height of hypocrisy,” Angelo said.
The surge in media scrutiny is mostly the result of emails made public by the conservative anti-LGBT group Judicial Watch raising questions about whether donors to the Clinton Foundation enjoyed special access at the State Department.
One email exchange revealed Clinton had a meeting with the Crown Prince Salman of Bahrain, who reportedly donated $32 million to the Clinton Foundation. The crown prince apparently requested the meeting through the Clinton Foundation, which used Clinton adviser Huma Abedin as a conduit to get to Clinton. (The email exchange reveals Abedin said Salman also “asked to see HRC thurs and fri thru normal channels.”) Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell also met with the crown prince during their tenures as secretary of state.
The Associated Press reported at least 85 of the 154 people who met or had phone conversations with Clinton at the State Department were donors to the Clinton Foundation. Although the media outlet has been criticized for the 154 number because Clinton met with thousands of people at the State Department, the AP hasn't issued a correction on the basis that meetings with U.S. federal employees or foreign government representatives would presumably have been part of their diplomatic duties.
An ABC News investigation revealed Abedin emailed an updated seating list for a 2011 state dinner with Chinese President Hu Jintao to then-Clinton Foundation official Doug Rule after they sent an email to them with the names of donors wanting better seats at the event. The actual seating list hasn't been made public.
Last week, Clinton defended the work of the Clinton Foundation during a telephone interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper, insisting donations to the organization didn't influence them
“My work as secretary of state was not influenced by any outside forces. I made policy decisions based on what I thought was right,” Clinton said. “I know there's a lot of smoke and there's no fire.”
On its website, the Clinton Foundation touts its work in building partnerships to enhance global health, combat climate change, boost economic development and health and wellness and improving opportunity for girls and women. Among its stated achievements is ensuring 11.5 million people in more than 70 countries have access to lower cost HIV/AIDS medications.
Clinton during their time as secretary of state “was not involved” in the work of the foundation, but attended the annual meetings of the Clinton Global Initiative, an arm of the foundation that convenes global leaders, according to the website. But after leaving the Obama administration, Clinton served on the board, the website says. A look at Clinton's tax returns reveals they didn't take a salary from the Clinton Foundation.
And despite the donations to the Clinton Foundation from countries with anti-LGBT laws, Clinton has a record at the State Department of advancing international LGBT rights as secretary of state, including a high-profile 2011 speech in Geneva in which they declared “gay rights are human rights.”
“To LGBT men and women worldwide, let me say this: Wherever you live and whatever the circumstances of your life, whether you are connected to a network of support or feel isolated and vulnerable, please know that you are not alone,” Clinton said during the speech. “People around the globe are working hard to support you and to bring an end to the injustices and dangers you face. That is certainly true for my country.”
Based on emails from Clinton made public during their tenure at the State Department, Clinton had an interest behind the scenes in international LGBT issues, including efforts to stop Uganda from enacting an “Anti-Homosexuality Law” that would have instituted the death penalty for homosexual acts. In response to an article about anti-LGBT human rights abuses in Iraq, Clinton wrote, “We should emphasize LGBT human rights.”
Mark Harrington, an HIV/AIDS advocate and executive director for the Treatment Action Group, said the Clinton Foundation — through its arm known as the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative — “has been a vital partner” in ensuring access to low-cost HIV/AIDS medication.
“As a result of CHAI's work during President Obama's first term, while the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief budget actually declined, the program was able to quadruple the number of people on antiretrovirals from 1.5 to 6 million, largely due to increasing use of generic drugs whose manufacture was coordinated by CHAI,” Harrington said. “There's no question that without its involvement fewer people would be on effective HIV therapy and that it would cost far more.”
Leading the charge for the Associated Press to correct its assertion that more than half of Clinton's meetings at the State Department were with Clinton Foundation donors is John Aravosis, a New York-based gay blogger and editor of AMERICAblog. Aravosis has set up a petition calling for the change, which as of Wednesday had 1,731 signatures.
“It is fair to do this investigation,” Aravosis said on MSNBC. “It is not fair to then try to trump up charges — to use the word — when there's no proof of any wrongdoing, especially when you've got an organization that has done so much good.”
Nonetheless, concern about the Clinton Foundation and its influence on the candidate has emerged even among progressives. Russ Feingold, who's seeking to win back the seat representing Wisconsin in the U.S. Senate that they lost in 2010, said last week the Clinton Foundation may need to shut down if they are elected president.
“If it would in any way harm the credibility of the Clinton administration, I don't think it's worth having it, because the credibility and accountability of the president has to be first,” Feingold said, according to media reports.
On Tuesday, The New York Times editorial board called for the Clintons — starting immediately — to scale back the activities of the Clinton Foundation, saying Bill and Hillary Clinton “should both end their operational involvement in the foundation and its affiliates for the duration of their presidency, relinquishing any control over spending, hiring and board appointments.”
Earlier this month, Bill Clinton said in a statement if their wife were to win the White House, they would step down from the Clinton Foundation board and stop all fundraising for it. Additionally, the foundation has declared it would also accept donations only from U.S. citizens and independent philanthropies, while Clinton is president and no longer take gifts from foreign groups, U.S. companies or corporate charities.
Glenn Greenwald, a gay journalist known for detailing U.S. surveillance activities based on documents from Edward Snowden, wrote for The Intercept that despite the human rights advances of the Clinton Foundation, questions are still valid on why countries with anti-LGBT laws contributed to the organization.
“Which is actually more homophobic: Questioning the Clinton Foundation's lucrative relationship to those intensely anti-gay regimes, or cheering and defending that relationship?” Greenwald writes. “All the evidence points to the latter. But whatever else is true, it is a blatant insult to everyone's intelligence to claim that the motive of these regimes in transferring millions to the Clinton Foundation is a selfless desire to help them in their noble work.”
The embassies in the United States for the asupervisorstioned countries with anti-LGBT laws that donated to the Clinton Foundation couldn't be reached for comment, didn't respond to a request for comment or had no comment.
Olivia Alair Dalton, the Human Rights Campaign's senior vice president of communications and marketing, said the Clinton Foundation “undeniably” has accomplished important work across the globe, including HIV/AIDS care.
“As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton made LGBTQ equality part of U.S. foreign policy, saving countless lives in the process,” Dalton said. “And today, they have laid out the most robust LGBTQ platform of any major presidential candidate in history. There isn't the slightest doubt they will continue to be a champion for LGTBQ equality every day they sit in the Oval Office. Meanwhile the Trump-Pence ticket continues to be the biggest threat of any presidential ticket in modern history to LGBTQ people — both here in the U.S. and abroad.”
In a statement to VICE News, the CBSA said it's "illegal to import or export drugs including marijuana and its derivatives, whether medicinal or not." They couldn't confirm how many shipments had been held, however, explaining that only statistics about all marijuana seizures were available, and that their systems "do not differentiate between types."
Charlotte's Web, created by medical marijuana pioneers the Stanley brothers, is a high-cannabidiol (CBD), low-THC product — a draw for many parents who opt for the oil as a treatment for children with epilepsy because the high CBD levels help with seizures without making them feel stoned.
"We know legalization is coming, but it's not soon enough for this product," said Nuessler, who travelled from Summerland, BC to the US production facility for a week to research it.
But the Colorado-made product that was previously delivered to their doorstep never made it in February, having been seized by the Canada Border Services Agency. With only a month's supply left, Kyla's grandmother Elaine Nuessler and a number of other families are demanding that it be allowed into the country.
Four-year-old Kyla Nuessler was born with intractable epilepsy — the kind that can't be controlled with pharmaceutical drugs — and used to have 300 seizures a day. And no matter what their family tried, real relief always seemed out of reach until they discovered Charlotte's Web, a cannabis-based oil that brought their seizures down to just one a week.
Read more
Four-year-old Kyla Nuessler was born with intractable epilepsy — the kind that can't be controlled with pharmaceutical drugs — and used to have 300 seizures a day. And no matter what their family tried, real relief always seemed out of reach until they discovered Charlotte's Web, a cannabis-based oil that brought their seizures down to just one a week.
But the Colorado-made product that was previously delivered to their doorstep never made it in February, having been seized by the Canada Border Services Agency. With only a month's supply left, Kyla's grandmother Elaine Nuessler and a number of other families are demanding that it be allowed into the country.
"We know legalization is coming, but it's not soon enough for this product," said Nuessler, who travelled from Summerland, BC to the US production facility for a week to research it.
Charlotte's Web, created by medical marijuana pioneers the Stanley brothers, is a high-cannabidiol (CBD), low-THC product — a draw for many parents who opt for the oil as a treatment for children with epilepsy because the high CBD levels help with seizures without making them feel stoned.
In a statement to VICE News, the CBSA said it's "illegal to import or export drugs including marijuana and its derivatives, whether medicinal or not." They couldn't confirm how many shipments had been held, however, explaining that only statistics about all marijuana seizures were available, and that their systems "do not differentiate between types."
Photo of Kyla Nuessler, courtesy of the Nuessler family.
Nuessler, who's been vocal about taking CBD off Canada's list of scheduled drugs, said they know of at least 20 families who are waiting for their orders to arrive, with many others "coming out of the woodwork."
Kimberley Turkington's family is one. Them 6-year-old daughter Ella has been using Charlotte's Web, in addition to valproic acid and rufinamide to treat intractable epilepsy, encephalopathy and autism. Turkington said since they started using Charlotte's Web, they've been able to reduce their use of valproic acid and that Ella, who functions at the cognitive level of a 2-year-old, is more alert. In January, after using the oil for about four months, Ella's brain activity improved significantly.
"Our neuro is thrilled, to say the least," said Turkington.  They are afraid if they can't get access to Charlotte's Web before their supply runs out, their daughter's seizures will increase from one to two a day to hundreds, and that "she will regress and become a zombie and non-verbal."
"It scares me to my core," they said. "I don't want to end up in hospital with my kid cause of stupid politics."
'I don't want to end up in hospital with my kid cause of stupid politics.'
But not everyone in the medical marijuana community feels the same way.
Nuessler said they were bombarded with calls and messages from licensed producers of marijuana in Canada on Wednesday morning, who said they should be using Canadian product.
"I'm a little person with a granddaughter who is suffering and I have all these children in my heart," said Nuessler, adding that the medical marijuana industry as a whole should be working together to make the products more readily available, instead of competing with each other.
Kyla's family had experimented with Canadian cannabis treatments before they started using Charlotte's Web in July of last year and found the results were inconsistent at best, and that the oils were so thick, that they were hard to dose, Nuessler said.
"For Kyla, it's detrimental," they continued. They said she's wary of transitioning Kyla to another product because she's grown accustomed to a high CBD intake that's not available in Canadian cannabis oils. "I know there's other product out there, but if we switch a really sensitive child onto something else, she's going to have seizures, and we're scared to death to go that route."
Related: In Canada, Parents Vow To Give Their Sick Children Medical Marijuana — Even If Doctors Won't
Ryan Kingsbury, a spokesperson for Charlotte's Web makers CW Botanicals, said the company isn't terribly alarmed about it being held up at the border and has not experienced any significant level of discrimination from any Canadian regulatory agency.
"Some are held due to the legal gray area for hemp products," they said. They maintained that Charlotte's Web, which is marketed in the US as a hemp-based dietary supplement with a low THC level is "just as legal" as all other hemp foods and oils sold in Canada, which contain unregulated amounts of CBD.
But CBD is a scheduled substance and remains illegal, as Adam Greenblatt, director of Montreal's first cannabinoid clinic Sante Cannabis, points out.
'Parents are taking a big risk by importing it from the States.'
Greenblatt said while they strongly believe the hemp industry in Canada needs to be deregulated, and hemp farmers should be allowed to start extracting CBD en masse "because the stuff works and is safe for almost anyone to take," he's concerned about the confusion over whether or not it's legal to import.
"Parents are taking a big risk by importing it from the States, and it's not just a legal risk, but a risk for their kids," they said, adding that their heart goes out to the Nuesslers, having seen patients in similar situations at their own clinic. "If you need a stable and consistent supply of a medicine, you really should be obtaining it from legal avenues."
They acknowledge that nothing in Canada has as high a CBD level as Charlotte's Web, but says it is a matter of time before it comes available.
Follow Tamara Khandaker on Twitter: @anima_tk
AVAILABLE AS A PRINT HERE: [link] ITS A PRINT NOW!thank you for the patience and soryr it took so long.---------Well, i've seen a few wallpaper versions floating around and I made this very simplistic one for myself. Thought I'd share it. to keep with the feel of the original piece I decided to contrast the rough brush strokes against black as well as to make certain the focus stayed on our little space-time owls.Feel free to use, one size only I'm afraid (sorry! but it should be able to fit most resolutions if you set it to)and, yes, i'll eventually get a print of the gouache painting out (not the vector one done for the shirt) sorry its taken me so long, i'm just always so frazled. I need to find a good online printing service.... Not really sure of where to look though! hmm...Anyway, please enjoysorry to ramble.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump attempted to give a funny speech on Thursday night, and it went about as well as you might have imagined.
Dressed in white tie at the annual Al Smith benefit dinner in Manhattan, Trump read a series of jokes ― a few of them good. But by the end of their 15-minute speech, the high-society crowd was openly booing as Trump took a downward spiral of cheap shots at Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
The annual dinner is a fundraiser for the powerful Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, and during presidential election years, both nominees traditionally speak. As Trump made their remarks, Clinton sat a few feet away, laughing a little too hard.
“A lot of people have said that modesty is perhaps my best quality,” Trump began. “Even better than my temperament.” Trump, who appeared not to have seen the speech before, commented on the material as they read it, saying things like, “Oof, this is corny stuff.”
The typically stern-faced Trump had their best joke of the night poking fun at their wealthy upbringing. “I come into this event with a little bit of an advantage, because I know that so many of you in the archdiocese already have a place in your heart for a guy who started out as a carpenter, working for their father.”
But that was fairly early in their set, and it was all downhill from there. Over the 10 minutes that followed, Trump was booed at least six times as they jabbed Clinton over revelations from Wikileaks, their private email server, the Clinton Foundation and their paid speeches.
A few of Trump's jokes:
“Here they are tonight in public, pretending not to hate Catholics.”
“One of the things I noticed tonight, and I've known Hillary for a long time, is this is the first time ever that Hillary Clinton is sitting down and speaking to major donors without getting paid for it.”
“Now, if some of you have not noticed, Hillary is not laughing as much as the rest of us. That's because they know the jokes. All of the jokes were given to them in advance of the dinner by [Democratic National Committee chair] Donna Brazile.”
“Everyone knows, of course, Hillary has believed that ‘it takes a village.' Which only makes sense, after all, in places like Haiti, where they have taken a number of them.”
The Al Smith dinner came a day after a bitter presidential debate between Clinton and Trump on Wednesday in Las Vegas. The New York dinner was almost certainly the last time they will be in the same room before Election Day.
Word broke on the Twitter-sphere today that Kings Executive Vice President of Basketball Operations, Scott Perry, is set to become the next General Manager of the New York Knicks.
Sources: Sacramento's Scott Perry, New York in serious talks on GM job. Story: https://t.co/2rxq5hR1Z5 — Adrian Wojnarowski (@wojespn) July 13, 2017
Sources say Kings VP Scott Perry and Knicks have come to agreement to become Knicks new GM — Vincent Goodwill (@vgoodwill) July 13, 2017
Perry has only been with the Kings for a few months, but helped oversee what many consider to be a tremendous offseason, with the Kings bringing in four rookies and veterans like George Hill, Zach Randolph and Vince Carter. Perry was often credited in reports for bringing some stability and professionalism to the front office and showing Sacramento in a more positive light to both prospective free agents and draftees.
Losing Perry is unequivocally not a good thing for the Kings, but I am not going to fault them for not standing in their way. Per multiple reporters, the Knicks gig was Perry's dream job, and he'll likely get a decent pay raise to boot. Per Sam Amick, the Kings will seek financial compensation from the Knicks.
Should the Kings have done more to keep Perry or entice them to stay? Perhaps, but blocking them from leaving would not have been a good look for the organization, as former Kings staffer Devin Blankenship pointed out on Twitter:
If you block someone from getting a promotion with another team, you'll never be able to hire top talent again. Risk of hiring good people. — Devin Blankenship (@Devin_Blankship) July 13, 2017
More importantly it should be noted that while Perry did a wonderful job in Sacramento by all accounts, a front office is far more than one person, and Perry should not be the only one getting credit for Sacramento's offseason. That being said, the Kings should be looking for a replacement for Perry as soon as possible, having seen what someone of their caliber can do for a team's reputation up close. I think they understood the need for that when they brought them in the first place.
This news isn't great, but it's not the end of the world either. The Kings are in a solid position going forward, and hopefully they can find a quality replacement for Perry sooner rather than later.
2) maintain a high moral character,
3) be prepared to sacrifice one 's own pleasure for the well-being of the subjects,
4) be honest and maintain absolute integrity,
5) be kind and gentle,
6) lead a simple life for the subjects to emulate,
7) be free from hatred of any kind,
8) exercise non-violence,
9) practise patience, and
10) respect public opinion to promote peace and harmony. Regarding the behavior of rulers, They further advised: - A good ruler should act impartially and should not be biased and discriminate between one particular group of subjects against another. - A good ruler should not harbor any form of hatred against any of their subjects. - A good ruler should show no fear whatsoever in the enforcement of the law, if it is justifiable. - A good ruler must possess a clear understanding of the law to be enforced. It should not be enforced just because the ruler has the authority to enforce the law. It must be done in a reasonable manner and with common sense. -- (Cakkavatti Sihananda Sutta) In the Milinda Panha,it is stated: 'If a man, who is unfit, incompetent, immoral, improper, unable and unworthy of kingship, has enthroned themselves a king or a ruler with great authority, they are subject to be tortured to be subject to a variety of punishment by the people, because, being unfit and unworthy, they have placed themselves unrighteously in the seat of sovereignty. The ruler, like others who violate and transgress moral codes and basic rules of all social laws of humankind, is equally subject to punishment; and moreover, to be censured is the ruler who conducts themselves as a robber of the public.' In a Jataka story, it is mentioned that a ruler who punishes innocent people and does not punish the culprit is not suitable to rule a country. The king always improves themselves and carefully examines their own conduct in deeds, words and thoughts, trying to discover and listen to public opinion as to whether or not they had been guilty of any faults and mistakes in ruling the kingdom. If it is found that they rule unrighteously, the public will complain that they are ruined by the wicked ruler with unjust treatment, punishment, taxation, or other oppressions including corruption of any kind, and they will react against them in one way or another. On the contrary, if they rule righteously they will bless him: 'Long live Their Majesty.' (Majjhima Nikaya) The Buddha's emphasis on the moral duty of a ruler to use public power to improve the welfare of the people had inspired Emperor Asoka in the Third Century B.C. to do likewise. Emperor Asoka, a sparkling example of this principle, resolved to live according to and preach the Dhamma and to serve their subjects and all humanity. They declared their non-aggressive intentions to their neighbors, assuring them of their goodwill and sending envoys to distant kings bearing their message of peace and non-aggression. They promoted the energetic practice of the socio-moral virtues of honesty, truthfulness, compassion, benevolence, non-violence, considerate behavior towards all, non-extravagance, non-acquisitiveness, and non-injury to animals. They encouraged religious freedom and mutual respect for each other's creed. They went on periodic tours preaching the Dhamma to the rural people. They undertook works of public utility, such as founding of hospitals for men and animals, supplying of medicine, planting of roadside trees and groves, digging of wells, and construction of watering sheds and rest houses. They expressly forbade cruelty to animals. Sometimes the Buddha is said to be a social reformer. Among other things, They condemned the caste system, recognized the equality of people, spoke on the need to improve socio-economic conditions, recognized the importance of a more equitable distribution of wealth among the rich and the poor, raised the status of women, recommended the incorporation of humanism in government and administration, and taught that a society should not be run by greed but with consideration and compassion for the people. Despite all these, Their contribution to humankind is much greater because They took off at a point which no other social reformer before or ever since had done, that is, by going to the deepest roots of human ill which are found in the human mind. It is only in the human mind that true reform can be effected. Reforms imposed by force upon the external world have a very short life because they have no roots. But those reforms which spring as a result of the transformation of man 's inner consciousness remain rooted. While their branches spread outwards, they draw their nourishment from an unfailing source -- the subconscious imperatives of the life-stream itself. So reforms come about when men 's minds have prepared the way for them, and they live as long as men revitalize them out of their own love of truth, justice and their fellow men. The doctrine preached by the Buddha is not one based on 'Political Philosophy'. Nor is it a doctrine that encourages men to worldly pleasures. It sets out a way to attain Nibbana. In other words, its ultimate aim is to put an end to craving (Tanha) that keeps them in bondage to this world. A stanza from the Dhammapada best summarizes this statement: 'The path that leads to worldly gain is one, and the path that leads to Nibbana(by leading a religious life)is another.' However, this does not mean that Buddhists cannot or should not get involved in the political process, which is a social reality. The lives of the members of a society are shaped by laws and regulations, economic arrangements allowed within a country, institutional arrangements, which are influenced by the political arrangements of that society. Nevertheless, if a Buddhist wishes to be involved in politics, they should not misuse religion to gain political powers, nor is it advisable for those who have renounced the worldly life to lead a pure, religious life to be actively involved in politics. -ooOoo- Previous Page Contents Next Page
Yosemite > Library > Yosemite Resources >
Next: Preface
Yosemite: the Park and its Resources (1987) by Linda W. Greene
(NPS photo)
About the Author
Linda Wedel Greene was born February 1947. They received a BA in History and went to work for the National Park Service (NPS) in 1972. They wrote this resource study while working for the NPS Branch of Cultural Resources, Denver Service Center. They have also written similar historical resource studies for several other western National Park units. Greene was Chief of Resource Management at Death Valley National Park, California for several years and retired in 2009. They have a son and two daughters.
Bibliographical Information
Linda Wedel Greene (1947-), Yosemite: the Park and its Resources; a History of the Discovery, Management, and Physical Development of Yosemite National Park, California (Denver: National Park Service, 1987). Historic Resource Study series. Printed by Government Printing Office, Denver. 3 volumes, 1267 pages. Illustrated. 28 cm. Perfect-bound in heavy paper. U. S. Government Document Call Number: I 29.58/3:Y 8/2. LCCN 88600862. Library of Congress Call Number: F868.Y6 G74 1987.
Digitized by Dan Anderson, October 2006, from copies at University of California San Diego and the Yosemite National Park NPS website (the latter is missing pp. 762-763 and sheet 2 of Base Map #2). These files may be used for any non-commercial purpose, provided this notice is left intact.
—Dan Anderson, www.yosemite.ca.us
Next: Preface
http://www.yosemite.ca.us/library/yosemite_resources/
Skaven
Firing arrow after arrow at the undead legion, an Aarakocra soared over the battlefield. They were desperately trying to turn the tide of battle, although deep inside they knew it was already lost. One skeletal giant turned around and hurled a rock at him. The eagle faced man was hit and fell. Not an hour later, their adventuring party comes looking for him. They killed the necromancer, and as a result the undead army their companion kept in check was reduced to bones scattered over the battlefield. Their body wasn't hard to find, but all their belongings were missing, and so were parts of their body. Less than a mile away, in a little burrow under the forest, a brown furred, ratlike humanoid was preparing their dinner.
Survival above All
Fear is fundamental to the Skaven psyche. It drives their two main ambitions; surviving and achieving higher status. Surviving is the primary concern of any Skaven. They will go to any length to do so, caring little for their family and allies in the end. Skaven will seek to climb higher up in society so they can more reliably feed themselves each day. Skaven do not live long, so they are inherently impatient. They will seek the quickest way to power and glory, or more importantly: food and safety.
A low status will ruin whatever little satisfaction or comfort a Skaven may have in life, so they will do near anything to avoid getting demoted. However; they must not draw too much attention to themselves, because to do so may spell an early death. Whatever plans Skaven make, they will more often than not go horribly wrong. In the Skaven mind the cause must be some other Skaven plotting against them, or even a whole conspiracy. The asupervisorstioned fear, therefore, often takes the shape of paranoia.
Empire of Slums
The Skaven have built a vast empire in the Underdark. As a result, they may be the main rival to the Drow. They do not have their cunning, but they have vast numerical superiority to make up for it. They breed faster than any humanoid race in existence. Due to the massive population, food is scarce in the Skaven empire. Skaven are normally underfed and weakly as a result. A single Skaven will rarely be able to stand up to a human or Drow, but several Skaven stand a good chance. When they do stand alone, they have the agility to get away.
Fur and Strength
The colour of a Skaven's fur is no ordinary matter. Most have brown fur, and must rely on their own cunning and strength to get on top. Those born with black, grey or white fur have an inherent advantage. Whatever colour their fur may be, however, a weak or dim-witted Skaven will always be beat by those that are more cunning and strong.
The Horned Rat
The deity of the Skaven is not worshipped out of admiration. They patiently await for its children to take over the world above, but in the meanwhile it is hungry. They won't get full any time soon and they don't care if its diet must consist of their own children.
Skaven know their ultimate goal is to swarm all other peoples. They may never have met a human, dwarf or elf, but they know they are inferior and worthless. Their conviction of Skaven superiority, however, does not mean the Skaven race is unified. The complete chaos and dissaray of Skaven society is perhaps the only thing keeping them from pleasing their god and waging war against all other races.
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Attorney Thomas Zimmerman of the Chicago-based Zimmerman Law Offices today filed a nationwide class action lawsuit against Niantic, Inc., the developer of Pokémon GO. The suit alleges the attendees of the Pokémon GO Fest, held on July 22, 2017 in Grant Park, Chicago, Illinois, were not able to obtain the special Pokémon and other rewards that were advertised as being available only to those people who attended the fest.
The case, Jonathan Norton v. Niantic, Inc., was filed in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois.
The lead plaintiff, a Pokémon GO Fest attendee who traveled from California for the event, represents all persons who traveled to Grant Park to attend the Pokémon GO Fest on July 22, 2017. People came to Chicago from around the world. The lawsuit seeks monetary damages to recover their travel expenses.
Niantic advertised the Pokémon GO Fest as the one-year anniversary celebration of one of the most popular mobile games on the market, played by millions of people around the world every day. Niantic advertised that those in attendance would be able to play the game with thousands of other players and “Trainers” in one location, and that numerous special prizes, events, rewards, and exclusive “Legendary” Pokémon would be available to those in attendance.
Attendees waited in line for hours to enter the fest, missing out on scheduled programming and exclusive in-game content available only to those with paid, activated wristbands at the fest. The fest was plagued with internet connectivity issues related to overburdened cellular towers, in addition to Niantic's own malfunctioning game server and software, rendering attendees unable to play the game.
“Fest-goers were unable to complete timed in-game challenges to collect special rewards, or collect previously unavailable or rare Pokémon. Had my client known that they would spend the majority of the event waiting in lines and unable to play the Pokémon GO game, they would have stayed in California instead of paying money to fly to Chicago to attend the fest,” Attorney Tom Zimmerman said.
A copy of the complaint is available upon request. Attorney Tom Zimmerman will be available for interviews, and the lead plaintiff may also be available to speak with the media on a limited basis.
Arsène Wenger has dismissed Jose Mourinho's mocking speech in which the Chelsea manager suggested Arsenal only play from January to April.
Mourinho made the speech at Chelsea's end of season awards dinner, when they also poked fun at Manchester City and United.
Chelsea won the Premier League title after virtually topping the table from start to finish, while Arsenal finished third and will play in the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Speaking about “a team that play in red shirts with white sleeves”, Mourinho said: “They were scoring some, they were also conceding some. They were fantastic. They scored really beautiful goals, they concede some goals too and they were almost there.
"But they asked the international board to play only between January and April. And they told 'no chance, no chance'. You have to play between August and May, so they couldn't be champions.”
• How did Arsenal's players rank this season?
Asked about the comments, Wenger snapped back: “Forget their speech and move onto something else. I'm not interested in their speech. I don't listen to what people say. I listen to the questions that are asked, but when I don't want to answer, I don't want to answer.”
Wenger reiterated that striker Danny Welbeck will definitely miss the Cup final with a knee injury that will also rule them out of England's forthcoming games against Republic of Ireland and Slovenia.
Danny Welbeck will play no part in the FA Cup final
Welbeck's absence means England manager Roy Hodgson will have only three out-and-out strikers at their disposal, captain Wayne Rooney, Charlie Austin and Jamie Vardy.
“Danny Welbeck will not be fit for us or for England,” said Wenger. “That's basically the only injury we have at the moment. They would have been short (for the final) anyway, so I was prepared for that. They didn't train until Friday, so I knew that they would be short for the FA Cup.
“When I saw Roy Hodgson last we were both confident that Welbeck would be available, but we called the FA yesterday (Tuesday) to explain that their bone bruising at the knee was not healed and that they absolutely had to rest. I don't know what Roy will say.”
Wenger refused to give any hints over their Cup final team selection and would also not be drawn on reports linking Arsenal with Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema and Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal.
“At the moment, I am not in a transfer mode,” said Wenger. “We'll deal with the transfers after the FA Cup final. If you want me to say I like Arturo Vidal, yes I like Arturo Vidal. Are we in a transfer mode? I say, no.”
In an effort to expand my readership, I decided to make my non-magic fantasy novel series available through the e-book site Kobo.
Kobo is fairly easy to deal with–get the app for your phone or tablet, set up an account, and start to download books. There are a good deal of free ebooks through the site, and I decided to make my books free as well. Although you can still buy the paperbacks and help an author out.
So here's book one, Adversaries Together
And book two, Winterfinding
I plan to have book three, tentatively titled The Punishment Hand, available at the end of Summer or in early Fall of this year.
If you do decide to pick these up, then I would love to hear what you think. Check me out on Goodreads or send me an email (gentlyreadlit at gmail).
Advertisements
WASHINGTON — James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, faced a dilemma on Thursday when deputies briefed them about the discovery of a trove of emails that might be linked to the inquiry into Hillary Clinton's private email server that was closed months ago.
Mr. Comey could immediately inform Congress about the emails, which were found in an investigation into former Representative Anthony D. Weiner. That unusual step, months after Mr. Comey had cleared Mrs. Clinton of any criminal wrongdoing in the email case, would risk accusations that they were unfairly harming their presidential campaign less than two weeks before the election.
Or they could delay any announcement and examine the new emails more closely, risking criticism that they had suppressed important new information if it came out after the election, despite their pledges of “transparency” in the investigation.
Mr. Comey, a Republican appointed by President Obama three years ago, decided that they could live with criticism of their judgment, aides said. So on Friday morning, the F.B.I.'s congressional liaison emailed a letter from the director to the chairpeople and ranking members of eight congressional committees — virtually ensuring that it would be quickly publicized by eager Republicans.
Kudos to Puck Daddy's Sean Leahy who got this from Arron Asham's post game comments:
"There was a scrum, I grabbed him. There were two guys on Harts and my glove got tangled in their mouth and they bit me, so I lost it. It's not bad, but he's a gutless guy. I have no respect for them at all. I lined up against them and asked them to fight and they didn't want to. If you go and bite someone … I just have no use for him. They do their job well. He's an agitator. He's garbage to me and I have no respect for them at all. You should have a little more honor than that. Usually if you bite somebody you stick up for yourself and you fight the guy. Not this guy, he's chicken and I have no respect for him. They play the game hard and I respect them for that, but they yap, he's a dirty player. At least a guy like (Sean) Avery fights. This guy is just chicken (bleep) and I hate him. It would have been better if they dropped the gloves with me, but he's got no stones."
We all remember the brouhaha from earlier in the season when Philly's Scott Hartnell "allegedly" bit the hand of the Penguins' Kris Letang.
Also for Pittsburgh, it was a good thing that Cooke didn't fight, as they went on to score the game winning goal on the power play later in the third, shortly after the scrum with Asham.
As for the alleged incident, if a bite takes place my stance is the same as when Letang's finger was bleeding: the NHL should investigate and look to take disciplinary measures to send the obvious message that this type of behavior is not tolerated amongst people older than 3 years of age.
Being as the NHL took no action against Hartnell, I would expect likely the same fate for Cooke from the league, but tempers will definitely be flaring again the next time Pittsburgh and Philly meets (which will be March 27th in Pittsburgh).
UPDATE: After the jump, the Youtube video of the incident, from special contributor GhostWalker40.
Mini Maple Bacon Donuts. (Like Real Ones!)
There are a million things going through my head right now as I think about these donuts.
Like, are some of these guys for real on The Bachelorette? No, I mean, for real-for real. Just… stop. Except for when you call quinoa “keee-noooo-ahhh.” Because that's definitely how it should be pronounced, world.
Also, will I ever stop wearing this oversized t-shirt with a poem about girlfriends on the front of it, that I received when I WAS EIGHT YEARS OLD and that is currently on my body? The answer is probably not. It's just soooooo soft. Sadly, I probably should not broadcast the fact that I am still physically capable of wearing a top from when I was eight years old.
Why am I so obsessed with the idea of seeing this Snow White movie? It's not a Nicholas Spark's movie, Ryan Gosling doesn't have a part, and um, neither does Alexander Skarsgard, it totally isn't from any chick-lit book (was Snow White chick lit?) and I get sort of bored with action movies. Yeah, weird. I think I just want popcorn. With something chocolatey and melty mixed in.
MY OTHER RECIPES MY OTHER RECIPES
And finally, I would like four thousand donuts for dinner tonight.
Sure, donuts are sort of a breakfast food, but we NEVER eat them for breakfast. Let me repeat: we never eat them for breakfast. Quite depressing.
My husband has some sort of mental block on going out to breakfast. I am, in fact, obsessed with the idea of going out to breakfast because I feel like in all my years, I've only done it a handful of times. Such a loser. Not that like, speeding through the drive-thru for a dozen of Dunkin' Donuts' donuts is actually considered “going out to breakfast,” but seriously, I'll take anything I can get. Annnnnd it's also difficult for me to even GET them to eat a donut. They “claims” they don't like to waste their calories on donuts, but they “claims” this through bites of an entire pizza, a large Dairy Queen blizzard, and then an entire bag of pretzels dipped in hummus at midnight. It just all seems a little fishy if you ask me.
On the other hand, I should TOTALLY be able to convince them to take me to breakfast, because when the man stumbles (and I totally mean stumbles, like walks into walls and stuff) out of bed, they put themselves to work. I swear, at 5AM they are unloading the dishwasher with their eyes closed and then heads downstairs to vacuum their car, literally minutes after waking. I have no idea where this stuff comes from, because the minute I wake up my eyes are glued to my phone. It is just so, so odd and… uncomfortable. And you are hearing this from a serious morning person. !!!
Anyhoo.
Do you think that maybe they don't take me to breakfast because I nag them or something? That can't be it.
But you know, I wouldn't even have the problem of attempting to force-feed them donuts if it wasn't for that little Saturday over Easter when we bought a dozen mini's for an arm and a leg… that tasted like serious heaven. I think I threw back two or three maple bacon donuts, and that's only because my brother stole the rest before I could get my hands on them. Needless to say, I've been dying to make them… and to REALLY make them. Like fry the crud out of them. Yeasted, fried donuts. Serious donuts.
I don't mind the baked donuts – actually, I make this recipe almost every month for dessert because it blows my mind – but this craving called for oil and bubbles and fluffy freaking dough.
OH MAH GOSH. I could not get enough. I couldn't stop taking bite after bite. I also succeeded in making the other member of this household take them down, and let's just say that by the end of they day… only crumbs remained. Serious donuts… serious win.
Mini Maple Bacon Donuts
[slightly adapted from Alton Brown]
makes about 15 mini donuts (depending on how you cut them)
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup bacon grease, in solid form
2 1/4 teaspoons dry active yeast (1 packet)
1/4 cup warm water
1 large egg, lightly beaten
2 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
12 ounces of all-purpose flour, plus a little extra if needed
vegetable oil for frying (I used 2 quarts)
8 slices of bacon, fried and crumbled
Add milk to a saucepan over medium-low heat and heat until just warm enough to melt the bacon fat. Place the bacon fat in a small bowl, the pour the warm milk over top and stir constantly until it's melted. Set side to let cool to room temperature.
In the bowl of your electric mixer (fitted with a paddle attachment or beaters), add water and yeast. Let sit for about 5 minutes until foamy, then add in milk + bacon fat combo (it must be cooled) and turn the mixer on low speed. Add in the eggs, sugar, salt, nutmeg and half of the flour mixture, mixing on low speed until combined. Add the remaining flour, mixing on medium speed until combined. Remove the paddle attachment and replace it with the dough hook, then mix on medium speed for 3-4 minutes until dough pulls away from the bowl. Mine was a bit sticky, so I added in 3-4 tablespoons of extra flour until it became smooth. Remove from the mixer, add to bowl rubbed with vegetable oil, cover and let rise in a warm place for 1 hour.
Once risen, place dough on a floured workspace and roll until about 3/8 inches thick. I also kneaded in another tablespoons of flour or so here, just so the dough was smooth. Using a biscuit cutter (or something else round that works for you), cut out circles of dough, then using a small lid (I used a washed Tabasco lid, ha!) or knife, cut out the center. Place donuts on a baking sheet, cover and let rise in a warm place for 30 more minutes.
Heat oil a large pot, making sure it is 365 degrees. Add donuts 2-3 at a time, frying on each side for about 1 minute, and flipping with a spider or slotted spoon. Remove and let drain on wire rack placed above a paper towel. When finished, dip in maple glaze then roll in bacon. Serve immediately!
Maple Bacon Icing
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoons maple sytup
1 tablespoon bacon fat, melted
1 tablespoons milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Combine all ingredients together in a bowl and whisk well until a glaze forms.
So… donuts for dinner for everyone! It's the right thing to do.
Thousands of Kansans could lose food stamps under a new state policy that congressional Republicans hope to implement nationwide.
Kansas officials indicated that they will reinstate work requirements for food stamp recipients who are able-bodied adults without dependent children. Under the new policy, come October, those aged 18 to 49 will need to work at least 20 hours per week or enroll in a job training program within three months in order to continue to receive benefits from the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
"We know that employment is the most effective way to escape poverty," Phyllis Gilmore, secretary of the Kansas Department of Children and Families, said in a statement posted on hayspost.com. Gilmore's agency estimates that 20,000 Kansas SNAP recipients will be affected.
Federal law allows able-bodied adults without children to receive nutrition assistance for only three months if they don't get jobs or sign up for training, but states can waive the requirement during periods of high unemployment -- something more than 45 states currently do. Kansas will join Delaware, New Hampshire, Vermont, Wyoming and Utah as states that don't waive the able-bodied work requirement for food stamps. Oklahoma and Wisconsin also intend to allow their waivers to lapse, the Associated Press reported Wednesday.
"As long as federal work requirements are met, no one will lose food assistance; the law only affects those individuals who are capable of working and have no dependent children," Gillmore said.
Last month Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives signaled they will push legislation to curtail all states' use of the waivers. The percentage of able-bodied jobless Americans on SNAP rose from 6.6 percent to 9.7 percent of the overall food stamp population between 2007 to 2010, according to the Congressional Research Service. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal think tank in Washington, D.C., estimates that eliminating the waivers nationally would deprive some 4 million Americans of nutrition assistance.
In Kansas, the policy change is being greeted warmly by conservative Republicans, who dominate state politics. State Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady (R-Palco) told The Huffington Post that they see the shift as a way for those receiving government assistance to get jobs instead of remaining in an assistance program.
"Government assistance should be just that, a safety net, not a long-term way of life," Couture-Lovelady said. "Government assistance should be a hand up, not a hand-out. Individuals who take short-term assistance to avoid long-term dependency need to maintain empowerment over their lives, and a work requirement does just that."
Progressives in the state say the policy change will only hurt the less fortunate. Topeka Councilman Chad Manspeaker (D), a leader of the state's progressive movement, told HuffPost that the policy shift will force more adults in the state to turn to soup kitchens and food pantries in order to eat. They said this will put an additional strain on nonprofits, along with shifting the expense to local governments, which fund many of the emergency food programs.
"We have not shifted the long-term problem," Manspeaker said. "There aren't jobs out there, and we don't solve it by starving them."
State Rep. J.R. Claeys (R-Salina) told HuffPost that part-time jobs are available around the state and that those looking to meet the minimum work requirement just need to know where to look.
"The jobs that are 20 hours a week are in the service and retail industries, and those jobs are not hard to find in any part of the state," Claeys said.
Manspeaker believes that the policy shift is an attempt by Gov. Sam Brownback (R) to "rally up the base" as they head into their 2014 reelection campaign. The move does come as Kansas politics continues to take a sharp right turn, the impact of conservative Republicans seizing complete control of state government in 2012. Former state Senate President Steve Morris (R-Hugoton), a moderate Republican, last year accused Brownback and their allies, including billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, of wanting to turn Kansas into an "ultraconservative utopia."
Manspeaker said food stamps continue to be a touchy subject with many in the state, and Wednesday's action could help Brownback in their reelection battle against state House Minority Leader Paul Davis (D-Lawrence) next year.
Residential property investors are chasing capital gains rather than rental income. Auckland rents have risen 35% since late 2007, less than half the rate of increase in house prices. Average gross rental yields in Auckland are just 3-3.5%, which is not enough to cover the cost of interest, insurance, rates and maintenance, says Mark Lister, head of research at Craigs Investment Partners.Lending to property investors has been growing rapidly, and 55% of new loans to investors are on interest-only terms, notes ANZ economist Cameron Bagrie. That compares with 30% for other buyers. Household debt is now 163% of disposable income, above the previous peak reached in 2009.For investors who have been feasting on cheap debt and totting up their capital gains, it might feel as if nothing could possibly go wrong. But any number of things could tip highly leveraged landlords into strife, says Lister. The three key risks are rising interest rates, a recession and falling property values (yes, it can and has happened).What might cause conditions to sour? The record-breaking migration flows that have been keeping the housing market boiling and the economy rocking could fall back if, for example, Australia's economy again started luring New Zealand workers westwards across the Tasman, instead of causing them to stay put or come home as it is now.Or some kind of global economic shock could batter the New Zealand economy and increase the price of debt. By definition, such shocks are often not foreseen, says Lister, but they list a few that are within the realms of possibility: fallout from a serious downturn in China, which is “up to its eyeballs in debt”; further bad news in Europe, such as other countries following the UK out of the EU; a biosecurity crisis or major natural disaster hitting New Zealand; disruption to the booming tourism sector, which, like immigration, has been puffing up the economic growth figures.“If one of those happens and all of a sudden you saw unemployment rising, wages falling or people struggling to pay their bills, it would flow through and you would start to see downward pressure on [house] prices. Those are the medium-term risks, and when you have a lot of debt sitting behind [housing assets], as we do now, you don't have much of a buffer to ride out the rough periods.”Residential property investors are less resilient to falling prices than owner-occupiers, who tend to hunker down and find a way to keep paying the mortgage. “But investors who are highly leveraged and dependent on these exceptionally good conditions for things to stack up are arguably at a little more risk because they have become very reliant on these ongoing capital gains to make this whole house of cards works for them …“The behaviour you are seeing in property markets is similar to what we have seen in all those other areas of over-exuberance in history, like the internet shares in the early 2000s, the sharemarket in the 1980s and before the global financial crisis.“The earnings and cash flow that an asset generates should be the No 1 factor that determines whether you buy it or not. When people start ignoring their earnings and cash flow and start blindly buying because they think prices will continue increasing, then you know you are getting into dangerous territory.”Follow the Listener onor
First came the “shock and awe”: the revelations of massive spying by the US and British governments—on the people of the world. Then came the enlightened debate: Is Edward Snowden a hero or a traitor? Then arrived the Hollywood-style entertainment: Where is Edward Snowden going? (The Washing Post even published a map of their potential journey, as if they are some kind of explorer trying the first ascent of Everest, or the first trek to the North Pole). Then came the finger: first from China, and then Russia. Then arrived the much-anticipated distraction—the “Obama Climate Plan.” And now, the “chill”—Russia the evil.
Snowden's work has revealed that even what we thought is the most democratic invention in human history can be used successfully against people of the world by few devious minds.
Eminent Russia scholar George Kennan passed away in 2005. Today, Anne Applebaum is as qualified as anyone in the US to write on Russia. They won the Pulitzer Prize for their magisterial book, Gulag: A History (2004). Yesterday, in The Washington Post they opened their op-ed on Edward Snowden in Russia with the following words:
For those who think that Edward Snowden deserves arrest or worse, cheer yourselves with the thought that Sheremetyevo International Airport ;might possibly be the most soul-destroying, most angst-inducing transport hub in the world. Low ceilings and dim lighting create a sense of impending doom, while overpriced wristwatches glitter in the murk. Sullen salesgirls peddle stale sandwiches; men in bad suits drink silently at the bars. A vague scent of diesel fuel fills the air, and a thin layer of grime covers the backless benches and sticky floor. It's not a place you'd want to spend two hours, let alone 48.
The rhetorical device that Applebaum used to situate them readers—in the environment where Edward Snowden presumably is residing—is a strategy that nature writers have used for more than two centuries now. In their widely acclaimed book, Ecology Without Nature: Rethinking Environmental Aesthetics, philosopher Timothy Morton called this rhetorical device—ecomimesis. “Strong ecomimesis purports to evoke the here and now of writing. … The reader glimpses the environment rather than the person,” Morton wrote. Strictly speaking though, “I” the writer is essential in Morton's definition of “ecomimesis,” but I'd take liberty to also include “you” the reader that Applebaum is referring to.
With just those words, Applebaum's op-ed, it seems to me suggests that Edward Snowden is currently in such a hell-hole that even the prisoners of Guantánamo wouldn't want to go there. As you read further, you get this: “It is perfectly possible that, as in Cold War days, Russian authorities will seek to trade Snowden for something or someone else they want, whether a spy or a criminal.” There is no mention (not a word or line) about the global significance of Snowden's courageous whistle blowing. Quickly it becomes clear that—if only Russia would co-operate with the US, Snowden could be transferred to the paradise—we call Guantánamo in America. They couch it with a euphemism though—home. An op-ed filled with carefully worded nationalistic diatribe, ends with the following words:
[Russia] won't send them home as a gesture of goodwill or a matter of principle, as Kerry seems to hope. We can expect that only from some of our allies, and Russia isn't one at all.
When the animated debate—“Is Edward Snowden a hero or a traitor?” started, I wrote a piece urging to consider them not as a “hero” or “traitor” but “simply as a teacher—who provided knowledge to expose yet another aspect of the inverted totalitarianism in the United States.” After everything that has been revealed since, there has been no public outrage against the government, in the US. The apathy that the people of the US are currently exhibiting is astounding—a classic attribute of “inverted totalitarianism” that political philosopher Sheldon Wolin coined in their book, Democracy Inc.: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Instead of vigorous debate about fascism in the US government that Edward Snowden's work has revealed, the dialogue might soon shift toward what the influential left-wing liberal writer Anne Applebaum is suggesting: “the Cold War is back.”
Rest assured though that “Cold War is back” will not be the only topic of debates to come. Throughout history, whenever there have been injustices, humans have debated it vigorously. In 2005, the Seattle Art Museum presented a two-day reading performances based on the anthology, Voices of the People's History of the United States, edited by Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove. I read two pieces from the book: “The Devastation of the Indies: A Brief Account” (1542) by Bartolomé de Las Casas and “The Problem Is Civil Obedience” (November 1970) by Howard Zinn. In the famous Valladolid debate (1550-1551), as a defender of the people of the Americas, Las Casas had vigorously debated Juan Ginés de Sepúlveda, who had promoted the idea that the Indians should be punished and reduced to slavery.
We need all our voices of conscience to rise in unison so that Edward's Snowden's courageous and immensely important revelations don't get side stepped by the government, the corporate media, and by the right- and left-wing pundits.
Beyond all the important things that Snowden's leaks have revealed, there is something profound it has brought to light also—the folly of the human mind.
Every now and then, with its ingenuity, the human mind gives us a solid kick-in-the-ass—and we keep running. But as soon as we gain speed, with its deviousness, it gives us a solid kick-in-the-crotch—and we fall flat on our back. This has been the story of human progress. Human mind is like a boomerang.
Long ago, we put coal inside a steam engine, and that inside a train—we started to go fast, collectively. Some time later, we put oil inside cars—we started to go fast, individually. We got the Internet—we started to communicate so fast that a tweet goes out before I can complete a fart. Going faster and faster, and some more—has been the story of human progress.
Edward Snowden's work has revealed that even what we thought is the most democratic invention in human history can be used successfully against people of the world by few devious minds.
Perhaps the biggest lesson we can take away from Snowden's revelations is this: Is it possible to slow down a bit?
For all the hubbub over “fake news”, major news outlets are making a name for themselves peddling misinformation and inaccurate reports.
Like this New York Times report.
Here's how the NYT ran the story:
Sounds like Trump told Netanyahu to back off, right?
Here's the first part of the White House statement:
“The American desire for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has remained unchanged for 50 years. While we don't believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal.”
“May not be helpful” is hardly “telling Israel to hold off”. And yet…
But wait! There's more:
“As the President has expressed many times, they hope to achieve peace throughout the Middle East region. The Trump administration has not taken an official position on settlement activity and looks forward to continuing discussions, including with Prime Minister Netanyahu when they visit with President Trump later this month.”
No official position. None. But Trump told “Israel to hold off.”
English is hard. So are facts, apparently.
UPDATE:
The NYT Updated the headline to read as follows:
Looks like we're not the only ones who think so:
Read Spicer's statement. Broad acceptance of settlement building. Rest is fake news. https://t.co/QJT1S81Ich — Eugene Kontorovich (@EVKontorovich) February 3, 2017
It goes far beyond Bush letter, in that no limitation to "blocs," rather embraces all existing settlements. https://t.co/qFk2Fk4Ide — Eugene Kontorovich (@EVKontorovich) February 3, 2017
WH just embraced, & expanded on, Bush-Sharon agmt that OK'd construction in existing communities.
Only says NEW settlements may not help. pic.twitter.com/4uq3PUuowo — Josh Block (@JoshBlockDC) February 3, 2017
This is huge. Endorsement of '04 letters. Reversal of Obama https://t.co/67mEoAqKKB — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) February 3, 2017
Follow Kemberlee on Twitter @kemberleekaye
REDMOND COMPANY Microsoft is still standing up for the little man, or little men and women, and is steadfastly refusing to let US law enforcement agencies dive into its data stored in Ireland. We are getting a bit bored with it.
'Our hero' is the obvious response here. Microsoft is backing personal privacy and setting some kind of example. It is doing something good for its users. It is also doing this for America, and has taken the opportunity to warn the government that forcing itself onto other countries sets a bad precedent that will bite its own industries in the ass.
What is at stake here is data - lovely, lovely data. Data is the virtual gold that keeps companies like Microsoft, Google, Facebook and Twitter pulling in money and business. It lets them tailor services, market services, study humanity and profit from advertising. Data is good business.
Microsoft knows the value in data, which is why it keeps it. That is why they all keep it, and for many it is the only reason they exist. We can understand this. It's the 21st century and people still need to sell things to other people.
We can also understand why the US agencies want access to the data. Data, real-time, live data, and historical communications, are the 21st-century silver bullet. It is the cure for all ills and is the one thing, well, one of the many things, that will keep the world free from terrorism and terror in general.
For Microsoft, we assume, a lot of the fight will be about public perception. The company, and others, are already open to persuasion from the authorities and comply with government demands. They admit this through transparency reports that are made public, and make sure that they make their objections public.
The message is that they respect privacy and people, which is nice and relatively heart warming. However, our takeaway is that these companies are covering their own asses. They have built up a customer base, in some cases even a passionate one, and they don't want to lose it.
In short they value their own status and do not want to be seen as the firm that gave up its users and consumers and kept on giving them up.
In this post-Snowden world people are suspicious of anything that looks like government overreach and over grab, and if a technology company wanted to take a stand against anything, this would be a very good option.
It has given Microsoft a lot of celebratory headlines and seen a coming together of industry. Microsoft has successfully given the impression that citizens are part of the community and that their privacy is a priority.
The problem is that it might be too late. Post-Snowden is the key thing here. Faith in the ability of anyone in the technology industry to care about or protect personal information is going the same way that faith in lucky rabbit feet went: down.
We are cynics here, of course, and perhaps readers feel differently. Have these efforts from Redmond warmed your heart of have they furrowed your brow? That is what the comment section below is for, so please let us know what you think.
Loz Kaye, founder of technology politics think tank the Open Intelligence Alliance and former head of the UK Pirate Party, is with us when it comes to critical expressions and offers a more considered take.
They said that Microsoft is perhaps not a shining example of privacy protection, but that the case, and the responses, have proved that privacy and digital rights are becoming a real issue.
"Microsoft's conversion to the cause of customer privacy will raise a few eyebrows, particularly given previous allegations of close collaboration with the NSA to circumvent the company's own encryption. But it is a sign that valuing privacy is increasingly important to businesses, and for nation states that want digital business to thrive," they said.
Kaye added that the result of this case will have wide ramifications, some of which will do more harm than good. Here they share some concerns with Microsoft legal eagle Brad Smith, who has tried to get the same message across in the courts and the blogs.
"Notions of territory and sovereignty don't sit easily with the internet. But that must not be an excuse to undermine citizens' rights," said Kaye.
"The implications of this case are very serious. By opening up for foreign interference, the US is endangering the national security it so often claims to stand for."
The court case will resolve itself one day, and we look forward to that day. We also look forward to a time when we can actually trust those companies in which we put our trust. µ
A DEPRAVED girl gang subjected a man to a campaign of abuse for three days to fulfil their vile fantasies, it has been claimed.
GETTY ABANDONED: Police found the victim half-naked in a field
“The female suspects then allegedly forced the man to drink energy drinks before taking turns raping him” Colette Wellback A 23-year-old man claims they were approached by the gang after boarding a communal taxi. According to cops, the man was then ordered to get in the front by the driver, who suddenly changed direction. Police spokesperson Captain Colette Wellback alleges the gang drugged the young man who then passed out.
Are these Britain's WORST sex offenders? Their crimes are some of the vilest in history – are these the worst sex offenders in Britain? 1 / 10 Getty Images Vicious predator Jimmy Savile used their fame to mask their hideous predelictions
They added: “The female suspects then allegedly forced the man to drink energy drinks before taking turns raping them numerous times every day for three days." The victim was then found dumped in a field, half-naked, after they flagged down a passing motorist. Capt Wellback added: “The South African Police Service take all sexual offences seriously regardless of the gender of the victim involved.
“We assure all victims of these types of sexual crimes that they will carry out robust investigations to bring all the offenders to justice.” Police also fear there may be more victims of the gang in Pretoria.
PH RAPE CHARGE: Brittany Carter is accused of forcing themselves on a taxi driver
Challenger 2 is a heavily armoured, highly mobile Main Battle Tank, designed for use in the direct fire zone. Its primary role is to destroy or neutralise armour. However it has the ability to engage both hard and soft targets and can operate across a spectrum of high intensity conflict, counter insurgency and peace keeping roles.
The vehicle is equipped with an L30 120mm rifled tank gun, firing both long rod penetrator and High Explosive Squash Head (HESH) ammunition natures. Secondary armaments are provided with a 7.62mm co-axial chain gun and a 7.62mm pintle mounted General Purpose Machine Gun.
Optical and thermal imager sights are provided for both the Commander and Gunner, including an independent 360 degree panoramic sight for the Commander. The sighting systems, turret and gun are fully stabilised enabling rapid target engagement when static and on the move.
Mobility is provided through a 12-cylinder, 1,200hp Perkins CV12 diesel engine with a David Brown TN54 gearbox, providing six forward and two reverse gears. A double pin track with Hydrogas suspension and a Hydraulic Track Tensioner provide platform stability covering flat road surfaces through to rough cross-country terrain.
Challenger 2 has successfully supported British Army operations in Bosnia, Kosovo and Iraq, as part of which, various survivability, lethality and situational awareness improvements were incorporated under Urgent Operational Requirement projects.
The Challenger 2 Life Extension Project (LEP) is a UK MOD contract to remove obsolescence from Challenger 2 and extend its out-of-service date by ten years to 2035. As well as removing obsolescence, there will be the opportunity to make further capability enhancements. The upgraded tank will be referred to as Challenger 2 Mark 2.
BAE Systems has launched a major strategic partnership with other world-leading defence companies to bid for the LEP Assessment Phase contract. ‘Team Challenger 2' consists of BAE Systems Land (UK), General Dynamics Land Systems-UK, Leonardo, Safran Electronics & Defence, Moog, QinetiQ and General Dynamics Mission Systems-Canada.
Hear how it feels to work on the iconic Challenger 2 tank
Hear our engineers talk about their continuing work on the British Army's Main Battle Tank, which was designed and built by BAE Systems and its legacy companies.
Power Rangers is the movie director Dean Israelite wanted to make. Whether you love the finished product or hate it, the director had a vision and they stuck to it. And when io9 asked them about their reasons for going certain directions with the movie, Israelite had an explanation for every decision they made—and they still stand by them.
“I just love coming-of-age stories,” Israelite told io9 recently. “I love stories about people who are disenfranchised and people who have to go through an intense growth to figure out who they are and own who they are. And when I read the first version of the script, it felt like those themes were really baked into this.”
Advertisement
The result is a very character-driven take on the Power Rangers, one in which who the characters are and how they grow as people is given significantly more screen time than the crazy, colorful action fans know from the iconic TV shows. This was a decision made very early on and one Israelite owns whole-heartedly.
“My take on the material from the beginning was, ‘I want us to earn [them becoming the Power Rangers at the end of the film]' and I think it's a bold choice and we all decided to go for it,” they said. “To me, it makes [the ending] more special.”
Israelite grew up in South Africa and there, like the rest of the world, watched the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. They describe their feelings toward the series as “nostalgic.”
Advertisement
“There's a real heart to it and a buoyancy, a joyousness,” they said of the original show. “And I wanted to capture that while making sure that there can still be real emotion and it can still be scary and thrilling.” They came up with a take on the material that they hoped would blend both things.
“What I thought was special about this was that the journey to become a Power Ranger and the journey to just grow up were one and the same,” Israelite said. “There was a synergy between those, and becoming a Power Ranger was just a metaphor for a personal character journey. I thought that was unique, and what got me excited about it.”
Advertisement
However, that wasn't really a focus of the film originally. Multiple writers took cracks at Power Rangers (four writers are credited with conceiving the story) and Israelite said it wasn't until John Gatins (Flight, Real Steel) came aboard that their idea and the script came together.
“[At that point], the superhero part of the movie and the character part of the movie became one and the same,” Israelite said. “They weren't competing, and they complimented each other. And the idea of having to earn being a Power Ranger really sort of came to bear with these characters' issues once John came on to write the script.”
The pair tried to blend nostalgic feelings for the show into their new take on the material in multiple ways. Throughout the film there are winks and nods, both big and small, to the original show—but not everything fit in with the tone.
Advertisement
“We had Rita say ‘I have a headache' in a bunch of different ways, in a bunch of different places and it just wasn't working,” Israelite said. “But we got some other great ones in there that I didn't think would ever work, like, ‘Make my monster grow!' I didn't think we'd ever be able to get in there, but it just feels natural to the moment. So there are things like that that we're like, ‘We're going to put this in and we can afford to get rid of the other one.'”
There was debate over every big change. Israelite said everyone was on board with additions to the mythology involving Rita and Zordon, but even an ostensibly simpler thing, like the main characters keeping their faces exposed while wearing their Power Ranger suits, posed a problem between the original series and this new vision.
Advertisement
“Them with their masks on is a big part of the show's success,” Israelite admits. “Because you can place yourself inside that. Now, the moment you're seeing their faces, it's different. You're not that character. That character is that character. So, I thought it was important for the drama… It was a big debate. I thought that if we were going to go into the Zord sequence and we're going to spend 20 minutes and not see their emotion, I really thought it was going to detract from some importance moments in that battle.”
Plus, changes like that are all part of a bigger picture. Power Rangers has to work on its own, but everyone involved does not see it as a one-and-done. They see it as a bigger part of an ongoing franchise. So this film, in retrospect, will hopefully fill that role in the way they want.
“This is an origin story,” Israelite said. “I want to do justice to the origin and hopefully there are going to be more that come out of this and, as a whole piece, this will feel appropriate.”
Advertisement
Power Rangers is in theaters March 24.
PCall
PCall, or parallel call, is a Common Lisp library intended to simplify 'result-oriented' parallelism. It uses a thread pool to concurrently run small computations without spawning a new thread. This makes it possible to exploit multiple cores without much extra fuss.
Note that there exists a fork of PCall, Eager Future, which is (at this time) more actively developed.
Contents
News
03-09-2009: Version 0.3: Release some changes that have been sitting in the repository for months now. select-one and worker environments have been added.
26-01-2009: Version 0.2: Since there suddenly is some increased attention for the library, I'm releasing the current code as 0.2. Still beta-ish, but seems to work. This version adds with-local-thread-pool .
06-06-2008: Version 0.1: The first release. Should be considered beta. Any testing and feedback is appreciated.
05-06-2008: Added a background article with some related thoughts.
License
PCall is released under a zlib-like license, which approximately means you can use the code in whatever way you like, except for passing it off as your own or releasing a modified version without indication that it is not the original. See the LICENSE file in the distribution.
Download and installation
PCall depends on bordeaux-threads, and on fiveam for the test suite.
The latest release of PCall can be downloaded from http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/pcall/pcall.tgz, or installed with asdf-install.
A git repository with the most recent changes can be checked out with:
> git clone http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/git/pcall
The code is also on github.
Support and mailing lists
Feel free to drop me an e-mail directly: Marijn Haverbeke. (There used to be a Google-group, but that got overrun by spammers, and I've closed it down.)
Quickstart
PCall is a rather simple library. There are only three basic concepts that you have to come to grips with:
The thread pool, which mostly manages itself, but whose existence you should be aware of. It starts inactive, but as soon as a task is created, it is initialised. See thread-pool-size and finish-tasks for ways in which it can be managed.
and for ways in which it can be managed. Creating tasks, done through pcall and pexec . This creates a computation that may be parallelised, and enqueues it. When given the chance, the threads in the thread pool will take such a task, execute it, and store its result.
and . This creates a computation that may be parallelised, and enqueues it. When given the chance, the threads in the thread pool will take such a task, execute it, and store its result. Joining tasks ( join ), which extracts the value from a computation. This blocks when the task is still running. If it has not yet started, the joining thread will claim and execute the task itself.
Imagine that we have this wonderful algorithm for computing (once again) Fibonnaci numbers:
(defun fib (n) (if (> n 2) (+ (fib (- n 1)) (fib (- n 2))) 1)) (time (fib 40))
Depending on your machine, this might take some 2 to 10 seconds. We don't have that kind of patience. You can see that this algorithm is entirely optimal, so our only option, it seems, is to use more hardware ― or make better use of the hardware we have:
(time (let ((f39 (pexec (fib 39))) (f38 (pexec (fib 38)))) (+ (join f39) (join f38))))
On my 2-core machine, that speeds things up by about a third ― which makes sense, since computing fib(39) is about twice as much work as computing fib(38). A nicer way to write the same thing is:
(time (plet ((f39 (fib 39)) (f38 (fib 38))) (+ f39 f38)))
plet takes care of the wrapping and joining in cases like this. Why do we need the let anyway? You could try this:
(time (+ (join (pexec (fib 39))) (join (pexec (fib 38)))))
... but that won't buy you anything. The tasks have to both be created before you join the first one, or the second task will not exist when the first one runs, and thus won't be able to run concurrently with it.
You might be tempted to write something like this:
(defun pfib (n) (if (> n 2) (plet ((a (pfib (- n 1))) (b (pfib (- n 2)))) (+ a b)) 1))
... but don't. There is some overhead associated with creating and executing tasks, and for a function like naive-fibonacci, which recurses a zillion times even for small inputs, this will radically slow your algorithm down. A parallel mapping function, as shown below, works great for mapping a relatively heavy function over a list of limited length, but is no use for mapping 1+ over a million elements.
(defun pmapcar (f list) (let ((result (mapcar (lambda (n) (pexec (funcall f n))) list))) (map-into result #'join result))) (defvar *numbers* (loop :for i :from 0 :below 30 :collect i)) (time (mapcar #'fib i)) (time (pmapcar #'fib i))
Note that joining tasks is not required. When you do not care about the result of a computation, you can just spawn the task and leave it at that.
As a final note, PCall can also be used when a program is not CPU-bound, but needs to do some tasks that are hampered by other bottlenecks (network latency, disk speed). If they can be executed in parallel, you can have the thread pool run them. In the following example, the second version runs three times faster on my machine:
(defvar *urls* '("http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/pcall" "http://common-lisp.net" "http://eloquentjavascript.net" "http://xkcd.com")) (time (mapc 'drakma:http-request *urls*)) (time (mapc 'join (mapcar (lambda (url) (pexec (drakma:http-request url))) *urls*)))
In some applications, doing multiple database queries at the same time could really help. You might need to increase the size of the thread pool in such a situation, since some threads will be sitting idle, waiting on a socket.
Reference
function pcall (thunk)
→ task
Create a task that will call the given argumentless function.
macro pexec (&body body)
→ task
A shorthand for (pcall (lambda () ...)) .
macro plet ((bindings) &body body)
Follows the behaviour of let , but wraps every bound value into a pexec form, and automatically adds join calls around uses of the bound variables.
function join (task)
→ result
Waits for the given task to finish, and then returns any values the task produced. When executing the task raised an uncaught error, this error will be raised when joining the task. (Note that this re-raising might cause problems with condition handlers, which might not be active in the worker threads. If you are using handlers, take extra care, and look at set-worker-environment .) When, at the moment join is called, the task has not been assigned to any thread, the joining thread will execute the task itself. (Note that this makes the dynamic environment in which the task runs unpredictable.) A task may be joined multiple times. Subsequent joins will again return the values, without re-executing the task.
function select-one (&rest tasks)
Waits until at least one of the given tasks is finished and then returns that task.
function done-p (task)
→ boolean
Tests whether a task has been executed.
function thread-pool-size ()
Returns the current size of the thread pool. Also supports setf to change this size. The default value is 3 .
function set-worker-environment (wrapper)
This can be used to make dynamic variables or bound handlers available in the worker threads. wrapper should be either nil , for no wrapping, or a function that, given a function argument, calls its argument in the new environment. Works best with local thead pools.
function finish-tasks ()
Takes the current threads out of the pool, waits for the task queue to empty, and then for the threads to finish executing any tasks they might be busy with. This is intended to be called when shutting down ― killing the threads might cause some tasks to be aborted, which could result in data loss. If you join every task you create, this should not be necessary. Note that if you call this function while other threads are still creating tasks, it might never return.
macro with-local-thread-pool (&key size on-unwind worker-environment)
Story highlights Rebecca Edmonds grew up as a military kid, joining the ROTC in high school
Weeks before becoming an Air Force officer, they discovered they were pregnant
The Air Force ejected them because it forbids single parents from enlisting
Edmonds has appealed that decision, and their case is currently being reviewed
Rebecca Edmonds grew up a military kid and, like most military families, often moved as their dad rose through the ranks of the Navy.
Enamored with the military and their father's service to their country, Edmonds decided in high school that military life was calling them
"I think it's definitely a tight-knit community, and I was willing to be a part of that," Edmonds recalled of their decision to join the Reserve Officers' Training Corps, commonly called ROTC, at age 18.
"I think the families are welcomed. I remember going to a base, and we'd be welcomed by these families we didn't even know. "
When the Air Force offered them a full scholarship to Marquette University, Edmonds jumped at the chance to become a nurse and serve their country. Marquette is a Catholic university, a perfect fit for the practicing Catholic.
Nothing captured their feeling of community and sense of military pride more than when their equally proud father, Capt. Tony Edmonds, swore in their oldest child as a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force.
"It was very special,'' they recalled of their commissioning in July 2011, shortly after college graduation. "I was so happy that (my parents) had an opportunity to come out and be a part of that ceremony and have them administer the oath of office to me as an active-duty officer."
Today, their dream of serving their country has been shattered.
Weeks before being commissioned as a military officer, Edmonds discovered that they were pregnant.
Rebecca Edmonds shakes their father's hand after their commissioning as an Air Force officer.
That was before they say they learned the Air Force forbid single parents from enlisting. The reason for the policy, according to Air Force officials, is that the demands of deployment and military service put strain on family life and even more so for single parents.
The Air Force accused Edmonds of committing fraud, ejected them from its ranks and revoked their $92,000 scholarship. Them case is currently under review.
Edmonds' mother, Karen, a military wife for 25 years, said deployments are tough on all service members and their families, married or not. If their daughter were to deploy, Karen Edmonds said, their grandson would be well cared for by an extended family that includes the child's father and both sets of grandparents.
Edmonds' mother said they believe the policy discriminates against single women and encourages pregnant single women to abort their pregnancies.
"The Air Force is making an assumption that single parents cannot provide adequately for their children if deployed," Edmonds' mother said. "That's what burns me up."
After they were "dis-enrolled" from the Air Force -- the military term for the separation from service -- Edmonds appealed to the Air Force and their member of congress, Rep. Paul Ryan , now the Republican nominee for vice president. The Air Force rejected their initial appeal but said this week that their case is now being reviewed at the highest levels. Edmonds has also hired a military attorney, Daniel Conway.
Edmonds, their family and their attorney claim that the Air Force is encouraging its members to give up their children, through either adoption or abortion, a position they say was revealed in a comment from an Air Force colonel.
In a letter responding to Ryan's inquiry on Edmonds' case, Col. Kelly L. Goggins wrote, "If Ms. Edmonds had reported their pregnancy they would have been placed on medical recheck status until they gave birth. At that time they would have been been able to commission if they were not a single parent, for example, if they were married, or had given the child up for adoption."
CNN has repeatedly asked to interview Goggins, to no avail.
Edmonds said that letter confirms their fear at the time they discovered they were pregnant.
They had just found out that they were expecting when they had what would be one of their final counseling sessions with an officer, as required by the Air Force ROTC.
"He just says, 'I don't know what would happen to a cadet if they were to become pregnant. But I don't think it would be good. So just don't get pregnant,' " Edmonds recalled of the conversation with the officer. "He said that word for word to me. At that point, I thought, 'OK, I don't think I have to tell anybody this. I'm scared now.' "
Edmonds completed all their physical and academic requirements, telling only their boyfriend and their family of their pregnancy. Abortion was never an option, they said, because of their Catholic faith and their personal beliefs.
Thirteen weeks into their pregnancy, they were sworn in by their father as a second lieutenant and started making plans to go to Virginia to begin their military service. Five months into their pregnancy, they said, they told their new commanders that they were going to have a child, and they told them they didn't think it would be a problem.
But they were wrong. Citing a contract they signed in 2007 when they enrolled in ROTC at age 18, the Air Force said they committed a fraud by not reporting a change in their medical condition, as indicated in the contract.
The Air Force ejected her, noting in its ruling, "It is not the responsibility of the staff to constantly remind you of the terms of your contract."
It further stated that their file contained eight forms in which they were briefed on the medical change reporting requirement. Edmonds said no one ever brought the issue up during their subsequent counseling sessions while they were enrolled at Marquette.
Edmonds said they asked the officer who informed them that they were being ejected from the Air Force, "Had I terminated the pregnancy before my commissioning, would I have been able to commission at that point?" And, according to Edmonds, "He said, 'Well. Technically, yes.' That was the hardest part of all of this. Someone telling me to my face that had I gotten an abortion, then I would be eligible for service."
In a statement to CNN, a spokesperson for the Air Force said it had no knowledge of that conversation.
"Any such counseling would have been inappropriate and I have seen no evidence of any such discussion,'' Maj. Joel Harper wrote. "However, Ms. Edmonds' case is under review by the Air Force Board for Correction of Military Records."
Harper also said the Air Force would never tell non-married service members to give up their children, despite Goggins' letter to Ryan.
"The assertion that the Air Force would in any way encourage single parents to give up their children is unfounded," they wrote.
The Edmondses and their attorney feel otherwise.
"This offends me on a number of different levels," said Conway, the attorney. "Because we're telling young single woman that they cannot serve if they have a child. That they have to get married, give the baby up or have an abortion."
Edmonds said they realize there will be those who say they shouldn't have gotten pregnant or have gone public with their story. They said that they may have made a mistake but that they now have a beautiful 10-month old son, Dominic, to show for it and they are no mistake.  They are taking responsibility for their actions and raising their child.
They hope that because they have told their story, the military will reconsider its policy on single parents being allowed to enlist.
As they wait for their situation to be resolved, Edmonds is working as a pediatric nurse, paying $100 a month -- with interest -- toward the $92,000 scholarship debt.
After all, Karen Edmonds points out, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta recently stated their commitment "to removing all the barriers that would prevent Americans from serving their country" when hailing last year's decision to abandon the "don't ask, don't tell" policy for gay men and women serving in the military.
They hope their words will apply to women like their daughter.
"I believe a woman has the right to choose life, go on to serve and reach (her) full potential, including being an officer in the Air Force," Karen Edmonds said.
Goal takes a look at what to expect from the upcoming season and predicts which teams and players are likely to make the limelight
CHAMPIONS
EUROPEAN PLACES
RELEGATION
BEST TRANSFER
WORST TRANSFER
TOP SCORER
BEST COACH
BEST YOUNGSTER (Under-21)
BEST PLAYER
By Stefan CoertsNearly three months after the last game of the 2012-13 Eredivisie campaign, the wait is over at last as reigning champions Ajax kicks off the new season with a home game against Roda.The Amsterdam giants made it three in a row last term as they proved to be too strong for their traditional title rivals PSV and Feyenoord. However, they face a tough task to successfully defend their title as both the Eindhoven side and the Rotterdammers will be keen to end their dominance.Although no longer a title contender following the loss of a number of key players, Twente will feel confident about their chances of making it into Europe again this term. They face competition from the likes of Vitesse, Ajax, Heerenveen, AZ and Utrecht, though.A bit lower down the table, clubs such as Roda, RKC, Go Ahead Eagles and Cambuur will have to do their utmost to avoid the drop to the Eerstedivisie in what promises to be an interesting relegation battle.takes a look at what to expect of the 2013-14 season.started the season on a high as they beat AZ 3-2 in the Johan Cruyff Shield last week and they are the red-hot favourites to add more silverware to their trophy cabinet come May 2014. Unlike PSV and Twente, the titleholders have so far managed to keep their squad together and they will be hopeful of winning their fourth consecutive league title. Feyenoord is likely to play a role in the title race, too, but their lack of options up front could prove to be problematic.and Feyenoord will be battling it out for the Netherlands' second Champions League spot and, despite the loss of stars such as Kevin Strootman, Jeremain Lens and Dries Mertens, the Eindhoven side will fancy their chances of finishing second this term. Their young team impressed during pre-season with some fresh and attacking performances, whereas Ronald Koeman's men have looked rusty. The absence of an alternative to Graziano Pelle has been highlighted as their weakest point and could come back to haunt them.Withexpected to pick up one of the Eredivisie's three Europa League places (the fourth ticket goes to the KNVB Beker winners), a number of candidates will be fighting it out for the remaining two places.andhave become regulars in Europe in recent years, but Heerenveen, Vitesse and Utrecht will not be pushovers, either. The former two seem to be the main candidates to make it into Europe next term, though.Feyenoord themselves are a good bet to claim the KNVB Cup. The Rotterdam giants have always had a reputation of being cup-fighters, yet have not won the KNVB Beker since 2008. This could be the season that their trophy drought comes to an end, though.After somewhat surprisingly winning promotion to the top tier last term, bothandwill realise that they will have to give their all if they are to stay up this term. Additionally,andwill not be too confident ahead of the start of the new season either after their struggles last term. The main candidates to go down are GAE, though, after finishing only sixth in the Eerstedivisie in 2012-13.With both PSV and Ajax spending plenty of cash this summer, one would expect that one of the title candidates' new additions would be the man to be tipped as signing of the season. Nevertheless, it's Heerenveen midfielderinstead who gets the mention. The Norway international was widely expected to make the move to one of Europe's top leagues this summer, but eventually opted to join the Frisians for a relatively modest transfer fee.Although there's no arguing thatis one of the league's more talented young defenders, the step up to Ajax this summer could very well prove to be the wrong move. With Toby Alderweireld set to stay put for another season after transfers to Bayer Leverkusen and Norwich fell through and Joel Veltman developing rather well too, Van der Hoorn seems destined to end up on the bench, despite a transfer fee in the region of €4 million.Before last year,had scored just 14 goals in 78 Eredivisie appearances during their four years at AZ, but they really burst into life at Feyenoord in 2012-13. With 27 goals in 29 games, the Italian was one of the revelations of the season and he'll be keen to replicate their fine form this term. Fellow prolific strikers such as Jozy Altidore and Wilfried Bony have left the Dutch top flight this season, making Pelle one of the favourites to pick up the top scorer award.Whenreplaced Martin Jol at the helm in December 2010, there were doubts as to whether the former Netherlands international was up for the task of leading Ajax, but they have since proven that he's one of Europe's best coaches. Only Guus Hiddink, Rinus Michels and Louis van Gaal have won more Eredivisie titles than De Boer and a fourth consecutive league trophy will put them on par with the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss.took the Eredivisie by storm last term after making their official first team debut in the Johan Cruyff Shield as they played a key role in Ajax's victories over Feyenoord and PSV. The 19-year-old ended the season with 10 goals in 23 appearances and he'll be determined to do even better this year. The Denmark international has already been linked with a host of top European clubs, but they seem keen to prove their worth in Holland before making the step up.has been one of the undisputed stars of the Eredivisie in recent years and the creative midfielder was widely expected to move to a bigger club this summer. However, a transfer abroad has not materialised as of yet and the 21-year-old seems ready to stay put for another season. Eriksen has occasionally been criticised for inconsistency, but they were the star of the show in the majority of Ajax's big games last term. The 2013-14 campaign should be the season where they truly confirm that he's destined for stardom.
A bit of background first. I mentioned that I recently moved to Australia and that I enjoy going to the beach on weekends whenever I can. I also mentioned that I'm a coffee lover and that one of the best gifts I've received was a sports car driving experience. One of my favorite video games is The Need For Speed.
I am just moving to a new place and I don't have much, so anything was more than welcome. This is my first Secret Santa experience and to be honest, I was more than happy receiving any small gift.
However, my expectations were greatly surpassed. I was speechless when I received and opened my gift, as the package I opened included many gifts! They were all really thoughtful and perfectly combined together!
First of all there was a “emergency coffee kit”, which included a mug with bell “ring bell in case of emergency” and a coffee mix “break glass”. I had good laugh when I saw it. I might ring the bell soon!
Then there was a complete beach kit, which included swim shorts, flip flops, beach towel and a Ford t-shirt (car reference hahaha!). Not only all of the items are really useful (and a great welcome to Australia I must say!) but their color/design also match perfectly together!!! (As can be seen in the picture). My favorite color is blue and all the item have a blueish color on them too!
Funny thing is that -and I never mentioned this- I was looking forward to getting new swim shorts because the ones I have are in used and abused condition. So it was just perfect!! I already use them on the weekend and will definitely use them a lot during this summer!
Thanks so much secret Santa!!! You certainly put a lot of thought in every item of the gift, I really appreciate it! You made my christmas! I'm away from most of my friends and family, so it was something special to receive a great gift from a secret santa and also a wonderful welcome to Australia.
Wishing you a merry christmas and an excellent 2018, and thanks so much again!!
CPGB-ML and Red Youth comrades attended Saturday's demonstration against austerity in London. Comrades cheered Sinn Fein leader Martin McGuiness when they declared that the Tory government were the “real spongers”, they said,
“Unlike the Tory millionaires, I live in the heart of the proud working class community of the Bogside in Derry,” “The people the Tories are targeting are my friends, my neighbours, my family. They are fine, hard-working, proud and decent – just like our people in working class unionist communities. “They are not parasites or spongers. It is Cameron's cabinet of millionaires who are the real spongers given free rein to live out their Thatcherite fantasies at the expense of ordinary, decent communities throughout these islands.”
In the aftermath of what was presented by many as a ‘Tory landslide', a groundswell of dismay greeted the 2015 election result. From quarters where well-meaning, better-off workers have been fooled into thinking that electing Labour will be Britain's path out of austerity, much hand-wringing and agonising is now the order of the day.
But while it may be discouraging to see workers voting for openly right-wing parties, we should note that only 22 percent of adults voted Tory (37 percent of voters) and another 7.5 percent (12.5 percent of voters) voted Ukip. Moreover, 40 percent of adults did not vote at all, despite a massive national voter registration drive.
Meanwhile, despite Labour's anti-worker, warmongering, profiteer-enabling record in office – and its support for war and cuts in opposition – a significant minority still believe that a Labour government will stop wars, be kind to immigrants, save the NHS, build social housing, reverse attacks on benefits, support trade-union organisation and more. This follows a concerted ‘Labour will fix it' campaign by ‘left'-Labour's hangers-on, which was in overdrive assuring us that Miliband was just waiting for a chance to implement a raft of pro-worker policies.
Ruling-class propaganda
At present, right-wing votes are less an indication of fascistic inclinations than of the success of two main pillars of capitalist propaganda that have been heavily pushed during this crisis.
These are: 1. that austerity is the ‘only way out' of the crisis, and that we must all ‘tighten our belts' and accept public-service cuts and a drop in living standards so as to ‘balance the books' and get the economy ‘back on track'; and 2. that immigration is a serious drain on the public purse and one of the main reasons why we are facing so many crises in the provision of housing, health care, education and so on.
In Scotland, the swing towards the SNP reflects the success of another propaganda pillar: that workers in Wales and Scotland are oppressed nationalities suffering under the imperial heel of ‘the English', and that the removal of control by the Westminster government will be the cure for all the ills of workers in those parts of the country.
Here, too, the faith placed in the SNP by many is based more on wishes than on experience. Despite its own record of privatisation and cuts, and despite election rhetoric that was so vague as to be meaningless, the SNP has managed to present itself as being all things to all people. This cannot last, but while it does, the ruling class can only be rubbing its hands with glee at the success of its campaign to divert the anger of the British working class into futile dead ends.
The wishes and hopes of those who voted Plaid, SNP or Labour are baseless. They are all as loyal to the ruling class as the Tories, and share the same one-point programme: ‘Save British imperialism by any means necessary.'
All other rhetoric, whether left or right, is just window dressing. Only this explains the huge gulf between the words and deeds of bourgeois career politicians.
Ravages of revisionism
So how is it possible that our rulers have fooled so many of us so effectively?
How is it that, despite the hideous consequences of austerity taking effect amongst Britain's most vulnerable and poorest workers, and despite the unpopularity of the ConDem coalition, so many workers were convinced that voting Tory was the right thing to do?
The answer is to be found in the total lack of decent, principled leadership and organisation, and the consequent lack of scientifically-based class consciousness in our own movement.
It is now six decades since Britain's original communist party (CPGB) abandoned its revolutionary principles and turned itself into an electoral machine for Labour, telling workers to put their faith in Labour governments to bring socialism.
The results of this betrayal of workers' interests are everywhere clear to see: a disillusioned, rudderless working class, which has lost faith not only in the mis-leaders of the Labour party and in the revisionist distorters and falsifyers of Marxism, but also in itself. As a result, it is left without decent trade unions to defend its rights under capitalism and without a mass organisation to fight for socialism.
And so we have a ruling class that feels free to attack workers' pay, conditions and services at home and to wage genocidal wars of conquest abroad.
The consequences for humanity of the British communist movement's collapse into counter-revoutionary revisionism have been and continue to be catastrophic – not least because it has opened the door to every charlatan to peddle lies to the working class, from Ukip and EDL to the apparently ‘left' nationalists and Trotskyites.
All these share a visceral hatred for the existing and past achievements of world socialism, and a total aversion to our own socialist future.
Our tasks
This is the reason our party, the CPGB-ML, was formed in 2004.
Eleven years on, it is no longer possible for the Labour-loving opportunists who control what is left of the workers' movement in Britain to deny our existence. Our party may be small, but we are growing, and we are beginning to attract some of our class's brightest and most class-conscious workers into our ranks.
We aim to recapture the ground lost by those who squandered the revolutionary organisation that Britain's communists built up in the 20s, 30s and 40s, and to use it to help British workers fulfil their historic mission of smashing the imperialist state and building socialism.
Our tasks remain the same whoever gets elected: to build a strong party, to create deep links with the masses, to spread an awareness of the real cause of workers' problems … and, above all, to expose and kick out the charlatans who tell people to hope for a Labour (or other ‘fairer'/'greener') bourgeois government and who tie our movement to the ruling class's coat tails in a million and one ways.
As Marx famously said: “theory becomes a material force as soon as it has gripped the masses”. When we bring mass organisation together with a scientific knowledge of the world, there is nothing that can hold us back.
Marxism Leninism is the science of the working class – it is the weapon that will enable us to organise effectively, not only to stand up for our rights under capitalism but also to finally overthrow this rotten, bloodthirsty system and build a socialist society, where planning for people's needs replaces profit as the motivator of all production.
Humanity faces many problems today, but they all have known solutions. We have the technology, and we have the resources and creativity to solve our problems and to build a truly fulfilling life for every human being on the planet.
The only thing that stands between us and a decent future is the capitalist system of production, in which private appropriation of humanity's wealth makes it impossible for us to use our resources sanely and for the benefit of all.
Another world is possible. Join us and help to make it happen!
Advertisements
This Fall, the Pacific Northwest's favorite sinister circus makes its return to Seattle to celebrate its 20th year of haunting the Twisted Big Top…
On October 28th & 29th, Freaknight Festival returns to the Tacoma Dome – bigger and badder than ever before. This year's eerie extravaganza will unleash the curious creatures of the night and reveal the reality-bending rituals of the unruly undead. Step right up and immerse yourself in the brilliant belligerence that is Freaknight – complete with spooky performers, enchanting amusement rides, and devilish decor, this year's Halloween tradition will leave you begging for more. Let your blood boil to the beat of spellbinding sets from world class talent including Zedd, Armin Van Buuren, Martin Garrix, Getter, Tchami, Galantis, Paul Van Dyk, Flux Pavilion, 3LAU, Jamie Jones, and many more still to be announced!
by Allen St. Pierre, Former NORML Executive Director
Let states enact their own marijuana policies
By Paul Armentano, Special to CNN
July 6, 2011
(CNN) — It is hardly surprising that former drug czar William Bennett would, in their CNN.com op-ed, oppose any changes to America's criminalization of marijuana. But it is surprising that they would lump Barney Frank and Ron Paul's proposal to allow states the opportunity to enact their own marijuana policy with the effort to legalize drugs.
Let's be clear: HR 2306, the Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011, proposed by Reps. Barney Frank and Ron Paul, does not “legalize drugs” or even so much as legalize marijuana. Rather, this legislation removes the power to prosecute minor marijuana offenders from the federal government and relinquishes this authority to state and local jurisdictions. In other words, HR 2306 is just the sort of rebuke to the “nanny state” that conservatives like Bennett otherwise support.
Barney Frank and Ron Paul: Get feds out of pot regulation
The House bill mimics changes enacted by Congress to repeal the federal prohibition of alcohol. Passage of this measure would remove the existing conflict between federal law and the laws of those 16 states that already allow for the limited use of marijuana under a physician's supervision.
It would also permit states that wish to fully legalize (for adults) and regulate the responsible use, possession, production and intrastate distribution of marijuana to be free to do so without federal interference. In recent years, several states, including California and Massachusetts, have considered taking such actions either legislatively or by ballot initiative. It is likely that several additional states will be considering this option in 2012, including Colorado and Washington. The residents and lawmakers of these states should be free to explore these alternate policies, including medicalization, decriminalization and legalization, without running afoul of the federal law or the whims of the Department of Justice.
Of course, just as many states continued to criminalize the sale and consumption of alcohol after the federal government's lifting of alcohol prohibition, many states, if not most, might continue to maintain criminal sanctions on the use of marijuana.
But there is no justification for the federal government to compel them to do so. Just as state and local governments are free to enact their own policies about the sale and use of alcohol — a mind-altering, potentially toxic substance that harms the user more than marijuana — they should be free to adopt marijuana policies that best reflect the wishes and mores of their citizens.
Does Bill Bennett believe that state and local governments cannot be trusted with making such decisions on their own?
Speaking during an online town hall in January, President Obama acknowledged the subject of legalizing and regulating marijuana was a “legitimate topic for debate,” even as they expressed their opposition. Yet Texas Rep. Lamar Smith, chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee, recently boasted that they would not even consider scheduling HR 2306 for a public hearing.
There might be another reason people like Smith and Bennett will go to such lengths to try to stifle public discussion of the matter. To do so would be to shine light on the fact that the federal criminalization of marijuana has failed to reduce the public's demand for cannabis, and it has imposed enormous fiscal and human costs upon the American people.
Further, this policy promotes disrespect for the law and reinforces ethnic and generational divides between the public and law enforcement. Annual data published in the FBI's Uniform Crime Report, and compiled by NORML, finds that police have made more than 20 million arrests for marijuana violations since 1970, nearly 90% of them for marijuana possession offenses only.
It is time to stop ceding control of the marijuana market to unregulated, criminal entrepreneurs and allow states the authority to enact common sense regulations that seek to govern the adult use of marijuana in a fashion similar to alcohol.
In Bennett's own words, “We have an illegal drug abuse epidemic in this country.” How is such a conclusion anything but a scathing indictment of the present policy? After 70 years of failure it is time for an alternative approach. The “Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011” is an ideal first step.
Editor's note: Paul Armentano is the deputy director of NORML , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, and is the co-author of the book “Marijuana Is Safer: So Why Are We Driving People to Drink?” (2009, Chelsea Green).
There are more businesses in Scotland than ever before. Inward investment has also hit a 16 year high. This demonstrates that Scotland has what it takes to be a wealthy, independent country.
Overview
The report Business in Scotland (2013) identified 343,105 private sector enterprises operating in Scotland. This is the highest figure recorded since the report series began in 2000.
Private sector employment stands at over 2 million, as of 2014. Public sector employment was 545,200.
The evidence demonstrates that Small and Medium sized Enterprises (SMEs) are vital drivers of Scotland's economy; and that Scotland has a strong, and diverse private economy.
Improving the strength of private sector employment in Scotland is the best best achieved through an industrial and business strategy for an independent Scotland.
Small and Medium sized Enterprises (SMEs)
There are 340,840 SMEs in Scotland. They employ 1.1 million people.
This means that SMEs account for 99.3% of all private sector enterprises.
They account for 54.7% of all private sector employment and 36.7% of private sector turnover.
How does the Office for National Statistics define a SME?
337,135 (98.3%) of businesses are small (0 to 49 employees); 3,705 (1.1%) are medium-sized (50 to 249 employees) and 2,270 (0.7%) are large (250 or more employees).
Breakdown of these small businesses
Although 98.3% of all businesses in Scotland are registered as small, this includes different types of small enterprises.
70.6% of all businesses are sole proprietors or partnerships.
Unregistered enterprises represent 53.4% of all private enterprises.
The threshold for registration is measured by turnover. Companies which generate over £81,000 must register.
In total Scotland has 160,050 registered businesses.
Importance of large businesses
Although SMEs make up the vast majority of businesses, most private sector employment and a substantial percentage of total turnover, large businesses remain important.
63.3% of all private sector turnover is in large businesses.
Around 45% of total private sector employment is in these 2,270 large businesses.
Businesses by sector
The number of businesses by sector can be split into four groups.
As of 2013 there were over 50,000 businesses in ‘Professional, scientific and technical activities' and just under 50,000 businesses in Construction. There are the two largest sectors.
Six sectors have over 20,000 enterprises operating in Scotland. These are Human health and social work activities, Retail trade, Transportation and storage, Agriculture, forestry and fishing, and Administrative and support service activities.
Five sectors have between 10-20,000 enterprises. These are Manufacturing, Accommodation and food service activities, Information and commerce, Arts, entertainment and recreation, and education.
Five sectors are registered with 1-10,000 enterprises. These are Wholesale trade, Real estate activities, Motor trade including repairs, Mining, quarrying and utilities, and Financial and insurance services.
Increase in enterprises
Between 2000 and 2013, the total number of enterprises increased by an estimated 43.0% (103,140 enterprises). This is largely due to a doubling in sole proprietors.
The number of register proprietors has increased by 7.7% from 148,665 to 160,050. This includes increases in Small, Medium and Large enterprises.
Record inward investment in Scotland
The Ernst and Young survey on inward investment has consistently recorded high levels of investment for Scotland.
The 2014 report identified that Scotland was the most popular area of the UK for inward investment outside of London.
Scotland received over 10% of all investment, despite being only 8.3% of the population. Scotland was especially strong in areas of software and research and development.
Source: Ernst and Young 2014 UK attractiveness survey. Link: http://ow.ly/xSkO8
Business ownership
96.9% of enterprises are owned in Scotland which accounts for 64.8% of employment and 41.9% of total turnover.
Companies owned in rUK or abroad represent 3.1% of total enterprises which account for 35.2% of employment and 58.1% of total turnover.
Within large firms this is even more pronounced (82.4% of enterprises, 63.6% of employment and 78.1% of turnover owned outside of Scotland)
Of the 35.2% of ownership outside of Scotland, 18.7% of private sector employment has ownership in rUK. 16.5% is owned outside of the UK.
Abroad ownership varies by sector. 31.3% of manufacturing employment is in companies owned outside of the UK. However, the figure is only 6.1% in the construction sector.
There are no current figures for Scottish ownership of business in the rest of the UK and internationally.
Part of an industrial and business strategy for an independent Scotland should consider opportunities to grow businesses based in Scotland.
Conclusion
The evidence is clear that Scotland has a diverse, private sector economy with the strength to prosper in an independent Scotland. The full powers of independence provide the opportunity to improve Scotland's economy, create more jobs and fit government policy to Scotland's priorities.
Join Business for Scotland – Read More
Support Business for Scotland's crowdfunder.
The Official Top 10 Surf Singles Chart (new releases)
1. Fuzzy Love - Mark Malibu & The Wasagas
2. SPY VS SPY - The Aquaholics
3. Space Station - Ted Boys Marinos
4. Lighthouse Point - Toro Jones
5. Olas Anomalas - Los Protones
6. Airstream - The Evanstones
7. Explosions in The 60's - The Head Henchmen
8. Abd E Krim - Los Daytonas
9. Terror at 20,000ft - Dirty Fuse
10. Motorik - The Reverb Syndicate
The Official Top 10 Most Popular Surf Albums
1. Wasagas Crash Monster Beach - Mark Malibu & the Wasgas
2. Surfing with Satan - The Aquaholics
3. Mountain Wave - The Surferific Dudes
4. Benefit of Mr Kitesurfer - Various Artists (Sharawaji Records)
5. Calling of the Deep - Dirty Fuse
6. Return Of The Skeleton - Surf Zombies
7. Por Un Punado De Rubos - The Gagarins
8. THE SECRET ORIGIN OF AN UNKNOWN PLANETARY DESTROYER - King Ghidora
9. Broadcast - Tsunami Experiment
10. Surf-n-Turf - SPF4
The Official Top 10 Most Popular Surf Bands
1. Martin Cilia
2. The Five Outsiders
3. Trivalve
4. Beertubes
5. Los Oxidados
6. The Telestons
7. TarantinosNYC
8. Luau Or Die
9. The Orbitrons
10. Jimmy Strings
Surf Rock Radio is wholly owned by *** Sharawaji Records *** a UK independent record label dedicated to surf, instro and twang. For production, promotion and publishing opportunities visit www.sharawajirecords.com or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Fan of surf music? Join The Surf Rock Radio Listener Club on facebook and interact on the Surf Rock Radio Forum on our website.
Be featured on Surf Rock Radio
All bands are currently in rotation on www.surfrockradio.com, the world's number 1 surf music station.
If you would like to have your band featured on the station, or if popular enough place on the charts send us your music in 128kbps mp3 format to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . We will then set up a band profile on the website which you can share links to in order to promote your music and increase your chart rankings. Every listen and request increases your chart ranking.
#officialsurfrockcharts #surfmusic #surfpunk #surfrock #instro #surfrockradio #surfbands
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- News that a sitting California senator is being investigated for sexual harassment against a young female employee has put a fresh spotlight on a legislative leader this week as they begin a bid against the state's first female U.S. senator.
Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, the Democratic leader of the state Senate, heads the committee in charge of human resources employees who handle workplace complaints. De Leon also rents a room in the Sacramento home of Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza, the man accused of improper conduct, de Leon spokesperson Anthony Reyes said.
Mendoza is accused of repeatedly inviting a young woman who worked in their office through a fellowship program to the house, although they never went. Mendoza said in a statement that they would never knowingly abuse their authority, though their statement didn't address the allegation that they invited them to theirs home.
De Leon said through spokespersons that they did not know about the complaint against Mendoza or their alleged invitations to the young woman. De Leon's allies have downplayed the two senators' relationship.
But De Leon's handling of impropriety at the Capitol will likely play a role in their U.S. Senate bid against Sen. Dianne Feinstein, one of California's most prominent women in politics and a powerful U.S. senator.
"It really does feel like we're at this inflection point with sex harassment allegations where suddenly they're being taken seriously," said Kim Nalder, director of the Project for an Informed Electorate at California State University-Sacramento. "It's hard to imagine that Kevin de Leon's bid will be completely untarnished by this revelation that someone close to them was accused of this kind of misbehavior."
The latest allegations against Mendoza, which come after nearly 150 women signed a letter three weeks ago calling harassment pervasive in the capital culture, shed further light on the Senate's murky processes for investigating its own members.
After the initial outcry about harassment in mid-October, De Leon and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon immediately pledged to review the Legislature's policies. De Leon hired an outside investigator, and the Senate asked women to speak to them
De Leon said at the time that "everyone deserves a workplace free of fear, harassment and sexual misbehavior."
That statement was made before the allegations about Mendoza became public. A month earlier, the Senate began investigating Mendoza, Senate Secretary Danny Alvarez confirmed.
A former employee of Mendoza's complained to the Senate Rules Committee in September that the senator had repeatedly behaved inappropriately toward a young woman who worked for them through the Sacramento State fellows program, said Micha Liberty, a lawyer for the employee. That month, the employee and two others in Mendoza's office were fired. The Senate and Liberty dispute the timing of the firings relative to the complaint.
Mendoza and Alvarez said the firings had nothing to do with the complaints. Liberty, though, said their client made clear they were accusing Mendoza of sexual harassment toward the fellow, and they were forced to sign a confidentiality agreement when they were fired. Liberty would not name their client and did not provide a copy of the confidentiality letter.
Mendoza said they did not know about the complaint until the were contacted by the Sacramento Bee. A spokesperson for the university, Brian Blomster, said the university did not know either.
The Senate's policy says the deputy secretary for human resources will meet with people named in complaints or those who may have knowledge, and will attempt to treat investigations as confidential. Alvarez did not directly answer a question about when, if ever, de Leon would be notified about an investigation in their role as head of the Senate Rules Committee.
"As the process requires, the Senate will take action once Senate Rules completes their investigation," they said.
De Leon's spokespeople declined to make them available for an interview with The Associated Press on allegations of Capitol harassment despite repeated requests, including on Friday. They did not answer Friday when asked if de Leon had spoken to Mendoza since news of the allegations against them broke or if they planned to strip Mendoza of their committee chairpersonship. Mendoza heads the Senate Banking, Insurance and Financial Institutions Committee and sits on other key committees.
De Leon campaign spokesperson Roger Salazar pointed to their work on gender equity and fighting campus sexual assault as evidence of their record on women's issues. "We're not going to be able to stop people from being shameless in trying to play politics with this issue," Salazar said.
Feinstein's allies, though, said the allegations at the Capitol will hurt de Leon.
"De Leon is challenging a feminist icon," said Nathan Ballard, a Democratic strategist backing Feinstein. "There is now a dark cloud of impropriety surrounding de Leon that won't make them very popular with Sen. Feinstein's base of Democratic women."
It's hard to discern the full scope of sexual harassment allegations at the Capitol because lawmakers shield investigations from disclosure. The Senate and Assembly both rejected requests for information from the AP about how many sexual harassment investigations resulted in discipline since 2012, citing privacy concerns. The Senate reported that in that time it has investigated at least six sexual harassment complaints, although it's unclear if that tally includes Mendoza.
When complaints are resolved, employees who make them may never get documentation spelling out the results. Instead, the Deputy Secretary for Human Resources "will orally report the findings and conclusions to the employee," according to the Senate harassment policy.
Fair division is the problem of dividing a set of resources among several people who have an entitlement to them, such that each person receives his/her due share. This problem arises in various real-world settings, such as: division of inheritance, partnership dissolutions, divorce settlements, electronic frequency allocation, airport traffic management, and exploitation of Earth Observation Satellites. This is an active research area in Mathematics, Economics (especially Social choice theory), Game theory, Dispute resolution, and more. The central tenet of fair division is that such a division should be performed by the players themselves, maybe using a mediator but certainly not an arbiter as only the players really know how they value the goods.
The archetypal fair division algorithm is Divide and choose. It demonstrates that two agents with different tastes can divide a cake such that each of them believes that they got the best piece. The research in fair division can be seen as an extension of this procedure to various more complex settings.
There are many different kinds of fair division problems, depending on the nature of goods to divide, the criteria for fairness, the nature of the players and their preferences, and other criteria for evaluating the quality of the division.
Things that can be divided [ edit ]
Formally, a fair division problem is defined by a set X {\displaystyle X} and a group of n {\displaystyle n} players. A division is a partition of X {\displaystyle X} into n {\displaystyle n} disjoint subsets: X = X 1 ⊔ X 2 ⊔ ⋯ ⊔ X n {\displaystyle X=X_{1}\sqcup X_{2}\sqcup \cdots \sqcup X_{n}} , one subset per player.
The set X {\displaystyle X} can be of various types:
X may be a finite set of indivisible items, for example: X = { p i a n o , c a r , a p a r t m e n t } {\displaystyle X=\{piano,car,apartment\}}
items, for example: X may be an infinite set representing a divisible resource, for example: money, or a cake. Mathematically, a divisible resource is often modeled as a subset of a real space, for example, the section [0,1] may represent a long narrow cake, that has to be cut into parallel pieces. The unit disk may represent an apple pie.
Additionally, the set to be divided may be:
homogeneous – such as money, where only the amount matters, or
– such as money, where only the amount matters, or heterogeneous – such as a cake that may have different ingredients, different icings, etc.
Finally, it is common to make some assumptions about whether the items to be divided are:
goods – such as a car or a cake, or
– such as a car or a cake, or bads – such as house chores.
Based on these distinctions, several general types of fair division problems have been studied:
Combinations and special cases are also common:
Rental harmony (aka the housemates problem ) - dividing a set of indivisible heterogeneous goods (e.g., rooms in an apartment), and simultaneously a homogeneous divisible bad (the rent on the apartment).
(aka the ) - dividing a set of (e.g., rooms in an apartment), and simultaneously a (the rent on the apartment). Fair river sharing - dividing waters flowing in an international river among the countries along its stream.
- dividing waters flowing in an international river among the countries along its stream. Fair random assignment - dividing lotteries over divisions - is especially common when allocating indivisible goods.
Definitions of fairness [ edit ]
Most of what is normally called a fair division is not considered so by the theory because of the use of arbitration. This kind of situation happens quite often with mathematical theories named after real life problems. The decisions in the Talmud on entitlement when an estate is bankrupt reflect some quite complex ideas about fairness,[1] and most people would consider them fair. However they are the result of legal debates by rabbis rather than divisions according to the valuations of the claimants.
According to the Subjective theory of value, there cannot be an objective measure of the value of each item. Therefore, objective fairness is not possible, as different people may assign different values to each item. Empirical experiments on how people define the concept of fairness[2] lead to inconclusive results.
Therefore, most current research on fairness focuses on concepts of subjective fairness. Each of the n {\displaystyle n} people are assumed to have a personal, subjective utility function or value function, V i {\displaystyle V_{i}} , which assigns a numerical value to each subset of X {\displaystyle X} . Often the functions are assumed to be normalized, so that every person values the empty set as 0 ( V i ( ∅ ) = 0 {\displaystyle V_{i}(\emptyset )=0} for all i), and the entire set of items as 1 ( V i ( X ) = 1 {\displaystyle V_{i}(X)=1} for all i) if the items are desirable, and -1 if the items are undesirable. Examples are:
If X {\displaystyle X} Alice may assign a value of 1/3 to each item, which means that each item is important to them just the same as any other item. Bob may assign the value of 1 to the set {car, apartment}, and the value 0 to all other sets except X; this means that they want to get only the car and the apartment together; the car alone or the apartment alone, or each of them together with the piano, is worthless to him.
Alice may assign a value of 1/3 to each item, which means that each item is important to them just the same as any other item. Bob may assign the value of 1 to the set {car, apartment}, and the value 0 to all other sets except X; this means that they want to get only the car and the apartment together; the car alone or the apartment alone, or each of them together with the piano, is worthless to him. If X {\displaystyle X}
Based on these subjective value functions, there are a number of widely used criteria for a fair division. Some of these conflict with each other but often they can be combined. The criteria described here are only for when each player is entitled to the same amount:
A proportional division means that every person gets at least their due share according to their own value function . For instance if three people divide up a cake each gets at least a third by their own valuation, i.e. each of the n people gets a subset of X which they value as at least 1/ n : V i ( X i ) ≥ 1 / n {\displaystyle V_{i}(X_{i})\geq 1/n}
division means that every person gets at least their due share . For instance if three people divide up a cake each gets at least a third by their own valuation, i.e. each of the people gets a subset of which they value as at least 1/ : A super-proportional division is one where each player receives strictly more than 1/ n (such a division exists only if the players have different valuations): V i ( X i ) > 1 / n {\displaystyle V_{i}(X_{i})>1/n} i .
division is one where each player receives strictly more than 1/ (such a division exists only if the players have different valuations): An envy-free division guarantees that no-one will want somebody else's share more than their own, i.e. every person gets a share that they value at least as much as all other shares: V i ( X i ) ≥ V i ( X j ) {\displaystyle V_{i}(X_{i})\geq V_{i}(X_{j})}
division guarantees that no-one will want somebody else's share more than their own, i.e. every person gets a share that they value at least as much as all other shares: A group-envy-free division guarantees that no subset of agents envies another subset of the same size; it is much stronger than envy-freeness.
division guarantees that no subset of agents envies another subset of the same size; it is much stronger than envy-freeness. An equitable division means every person feels exactly the same happiness, i.e. the proportion of the cake a player receives by their own valuation is the same for every player. This is a difficult aim as players need not be truthful if asked their valuation: V i ( X i ) = V j ( X j ) {\displaystyle V_{i}(X_{i})=V_{j}(X_{j})}
division means every person feels exactly the same happiness, i.e. the proportion of the cake a player receives by their own valuation is the same for every player. This is a difficult aim as players need not be truthful if asked their valuation: An exact division (aka consensus division ) is one where all players agree on the value of each share : V i ( X i ) = V j ( X i ) {\displaystyle V_{i}(X_{i})=V_{j}(X_{i})}
(aka ) is one where all players agree on the value of each share :
All the above criteria assume that the participants have equal entitlements. If different participants have different entitlements (e.g., in a partnership where each partner invested a different amount), then the fairness criteria should be adapted accordingly. See Proportional cake-cutting with different entitlements.
Additional requirements [ edit ]
In addition to fairness, it is sometimes desired that the division be Pareto optimal, i.e., no other allocation would make someone better off without making someone else worse off. The term efficiency comes from the economics idea of the efficient market. A division where one player gets everything is optimal by this definition so on its own this does not guarantee even a fair share. See also efficient cake-cutting and the price of fairness.
In the real world people sometimes have a very accurate idea of how the other players value the goods and they may care very much about it. The case where they have complete knowledge of each other's valuations can be modeled by game theory. Partial knowledge is very hard to model. A major part of the practical side of fair division is the devising and study of procedures that work well despite such partial knowledge or small mistakes.
An additional requirement is that the fair division procedure be a truthful mechanism, i.e., it should be a dominant strategy for the participants to report their true valuations. This requirement is usually very hard to satisfy in combination with fairness and Pareto-efficiency.
A generalization of the problem is to allow each interested party to consist of several players who share the same set of resources but have different preferences.[3][4]
Procedures [ edit ]
A fair division procedure lists actions to be performed by the players in terms of the visible data and their valuations. A valid procedure is one that guarantees a fair division for every player who acts rationally according to their valuation. Where an action depends on a player's valuation the procedure is describing the strategy a rational player will follow. A player may act as if a piece had a different value but must be consistent. For instance if a procedure says the first player cuts the cake in two equal parts then the second player chooses a piece, then the first player cannot claim that the second player got more.
What the players do is:
Agree on their criteria for a fair division
Select a valid procedure and follow its rules
It is assumed the aim of each player is to maximize the minimum amount they might get, or in other words, to achieve the maximin.
Procedures can be divided into discrete vs. continuous procedures. A discrete procedure would for instance only involve one person at a time cutting or marking a cake. Continuous procedures involve things like one player moving a knife and the other saying "stop". Another type of continuous procedure involves a person assigning a value to every part of the cake.
For a list of fair division procedures, see Category:Fair division protocols.
History [ edit ]
According to Sol Garfunkel, the cake-cutting problem had been one of the most important open problems in 20th century mathematics,[5] when the most important variant of the problem was finally solved with the Brams-Taylor procedure by Steven Brams and Alan Taylor in 1995.
Divide and choose's origins are undocumented. The related activities of bargaining and barter are also ancient. Negotiations involving more than two people are also quite common, the Potsdam Conference is a notable recent example.
The theory of fair division dates back only to the end of the second world war. It was devised by a group of Polish mathematicians, Hugo Steinhaus, Bronisław Knaster and Stefan Banach, who used to meet in the Scottish Café in Lvov (then in Poland). A proportional (fair division) division for any number of players called 'last-diminisher' was devised in 1944. This was attributed to Banach and Knaster by Steinhaus when they made the problem public for the first time at a meeting of the Econometric Society in Washington D.C. on 17 September 1947. At that meeting they also proposed the problem of finding the smallest number of cuts necessary for such divisions.
For the history of envy-free cake-cutting, see envy-free cake-cutting.
Fair division in popular culture [ edit ]
In Numb3rs season 3 episode "One Hour", Charlie talks about the cake-cutting problem as applied to the amount of money a kidnapper was demanding.
season 3 episode "One Hour", Charlie talks about the cake-cutting problem as applied to the amount of money a kidnapper was demanding. Hugo Steinhaus wrote about a number of variants of fair division in their book Mathematical Snapshots . In their book they say a special three-person version of fair division was devised by G. Krochmainy in Berdechów in 1944 and another by Mrs L Kott. [6]
. In their book they say a special three-person version of fair division was devised by G. Krochmainy in Berdechów in 1944 and another by Mrs L Kott. Martin Gardner and Ian Stewart have both published books with sections about the problem. [7] [8] Martin Gardner introduced the chore division form of the problem. Ian Stewart has popularized the fair division problem with their articles in Scientific American and New Scientist .
Martin Gardner introduced the chore division form of the problem. Ian Stewart has popularized the fair division problem with their articles in and . A Dinosaur Comics strip is based on the cake-cutting problem. [9]
strip is based on the cake-cutting problem. In the Israeli movie Saint Clara, a Russian immigrant asks an Israeli math teacher, how a circular cake can be divided fairly among 7 people? Their answer is to make 3 straight cuts through its middle, making 8 equal pieces. Since there are only 7 people, one piece should be discarded, in the spirit of communism.
See also [ edit ]
Hello everyone! Wow, what a week it's been! We went from living life to evacuating our home within 45 minutes due to Hurricane Harvey. While we didn't end up suffering any damage, it certainly did a number on Houston and Texas in general. We're fine, but this is a storm that we'll remember for a long time. (And oh yeah, as I write this Irma is about 4 days away from the US. Joy.)
Anyhoo, I wanted to wrap up the economic series of DDs by talking about the planets themselves. Now, everything around AotSS revolves around power. At the end of the day, those that have it, make things happen, and those that don't, can't. So the most important building blocks of power are…you guessed it, planets.
When I sat down to design Imperia years ago, I knew even early on that I wanted detailed planets. Maybe not Aurora-level detailed, but certainly more detailed than 3 stats and a planet type. I feel that in a good 4X game, a player should see planets (and systems) not as disposable entities but as things that they care about and actively guide throughout the game. Cheesy as it may sound, I feel that a successful 4X-type game allows each planet to tell its own story, to write its own history, and to contribute its own glory.
In Imperia, once I met Pavlos, the design really started taking off. Pavlos brought the idea of planets down to a science, and proposed no less than 14 different star types with 15 different planets that could be generated. After months of working on different generation models, we designed a model that is both true to science and playable.
To start with, each star is generated randomly and can be a single, binary, or trinary star. This affects things like gravity and what types of planets are generated. Stars also have a spectral class from OB all the way to a D star, with our good old sun (‘K') and red giants (RG), supergiants (SG), small blue stars, white stars, brown dwarves, neutron stars… they're all here, and each modeled by size, traits, and metallicity. These determine what types of planets and how many minerals are on each planet.
Once stars are generated, they are placed into constellations. This is another ‘true to life' way of generating stars in a realistic manner. Not only does it provide a way to create provinces in ‘grouping areas' but it makes it easier to find systems when you know what constellation it's in. The game has 30 constellations, each named by the game lore, but the only one that's guaranteed to show up in any given game is Enosis, your home constellation.
So now that you've got your stars and your constellations, what about planets? Well, planets (and asteroid belts and ice belts) are procedurally generated from the type of star that is currently being generated from. There are only certain types of planets that can be generated, and each type has a weighted chance of being created. So you won't find a SuperEarth planet in a Red Giant, for instance, but you might find a Barren or Ice planet. Each system has 5 spots, from closest to farthest from the star, and the planets types are generated as well based on how far the planet ‘slot' is from the star. So closer to the star, you will have lava and barren planets, while farther away you will have more ice and ice belts, as well as gas giants. Again, just like science.
So once the planet type is generated, we're not done! Next comes size and axial tilt (determines habitability) to determine how habitable the planet is to humans. Basically, the closer it is to a star, and the more tilted it is (violent weather changes), the Bio rating of a planet is generated, based on the base type of planet, size, location, and some variability.
Next, the industrial multiplier is generated. Certain planets are easier to build things like factories and mines (like desert planets and barren planets) as opposed to gas giants and lava planets, both for mineral richness and tectonic stability. These effects output of mines and factories.
Next, moons! Moons provide a few traits to a system, and tides, that sometimes improve the Bio of a planet.
Now we drop minerals and energy resources onto a planet! Again, each type of planet has a range of minerals that it may have, depending on the type of star and the metallicity of the star. Some planets are very likely to have a lot of energy (gas giants, lava, greenhouse planets) but lower levels of minerals, and vice versa. Since a huge part of the game is building up a strong resource economy, and since mining outposts and colonization projects take a lot of resources and time, finding the best planets and systems is part of your responsibilities as emperor to direct!
The types of planets in AotSS are:
Asteroid Belt
Barren
Greenhouse
Desert
Terran
Ice
Ice Giant
Gas Giant
Ice Belt
Lava
Irradiated
Super Earth
Ocean
Brown Dwarf
Organic
Dust Ring
City
Some of these planet types are created rather than generated, especially City (think Trantor/Coruscant) and Organic (think living planet) but most can be found out there in the void. What will you find?
The last part of planet generation is the concept of regions. Now, regions are interested in that most of the time, the player will not be aware of their existence. If you play a flight simulator, and you want to turn the plane left, you don't have to know the lift forces acting on the ailerons, nor do you have to know the yaw forces acting against the body to provide lift, drag, and spin. Nope, all you the player have to do is turn the mouse/stick to the left, apply some rudder, and voila! The plane turns left. Good simulations work under the radar, while immersing the player in their model of reality without them actually having to know how it works.
AotSS's region system works in much the same way. When a planet is generated, it's not one contiguous planet. Just like Earth is not all grassland, mountains, etc. most planets are an amalgamation of different terrain and biome types that put together create the overall planet structure and resources. Small planets might just have 4 regions, while large terran planets have as many as 20, and gas giants might have 36! (Of course, the vast majority of them will not be habitable!) Each region is generated procedurally, and depending on the planet type, your planet will have some of the following types of regions:
Plains
Mountains
Lava
Volcanic
Ocean
Forest
Grassland
Jungle
Barren
Uninhabitable
Frozen
Desert
Helium Islands
Dead
Each type of region is more conducive than others to support life. That said, with the proper infrastructure ANY planet can sustain life, but your Pops don't have to like it (one reason why it's so important to build outposts in the right places – build it too far from other planets and you'll have a hell of a time convincing miners and engineers to come join, even if you are paying top dollar, if it's on a raging inferno planet)
So each region has its own type, but it also has unique modifiers for activities in the game, such as farming modifiers, bio modifiers, manufacturing modifiers, and even for ground combat (attack and defense mods). A plains region is going to be more attractive to a Pop than a lava region, obviously, but when a planet is colonized cities will be built in the regions that are most conducive to high production.
Cities, you say? Of course! Regions also have an infrastructure rating, from uninhabited to tiny outposts to small towns, all the way to super cities and megalopolises. The more resources your viceroy puts towards infrastructure, the larger your cities can grow, which will allow more people to be housed comfortably. That's the key. Each region has a maximum safe population level at which Pops will not grow discontent. You can exceed it, but then Pops will start to get unhappy with living stacked on top of each other, so they will eventually move to another region, or if there's not another region with jobs and there's a better planet nearby, they'll simply leave. Building more infrastructure will prevent this.
So planets are not just a box of ratings and values, but a tapestry of regions that collectively form the planet. Again, as the player, you won't see most of this. You'll know how many regions the planet has, what types they are (percentage wise), what the base development level of a planet is, and the base population level it will support, and as infrastructure is built, you'll know how many more Pops the planet can support without Pops going haywire. Regions can be bombed from space or destroyed during ground combat, so losing a region with a Large City and numerous developments such as academies, factories, etc. will really hurt a planet's output. But the region system is why you will have one Terran planet with an 80 bio rating that has so-so farm output, and another Terran planet with a 75 bio rating that has awesome farm output, because the second Terran planet has a lot of ocean and plains regions with high output farming modifiers, while the first Terran planet has a lot of grassland and jungle. Still great for life, but not so great for farms. With mountains, however, it might be great for minerals! This is one facet of how planets tell their story and start to become unique.
And yes, Pops migrate around the planet looking for a better job, or a better opportunity (*just like us! Hmmm) I haven't decided yet if I will allow the player to see this – it's happening on a scale that you as the emperor wouldn't control (you're not able to manipulate regions; that's your viceroy's job) but it might be nice to see the living world a little closer. But yes, if you have a region on a planet that just opened up a new batch of farms, your farmer that is living with 4 other people on the other side of the world just might move to that new region for the same job, but now he'll be a lot happier. As Emperor, you can create an Infrastructure Project on a world where you can send a massive construction armada to build more cities and towns, but this is much more expensive than to allow the planet to grow organically (a certain percentage of the planet's build points ALWAYS go towards expanding infrastructure, and automatically go where growth is creating the most problems). You can ask the viceroy to focus on infrastructure as well.
So what happens if you don't have enough materials (basic and heavy) to maintain your planet's infrastructure? Well… it starts to decay. And Pops don't like that so much. So it is incumbent on a good Viceroy to make sure that they beg, borrow, trade for, mine, or steal whatever they have to to ensure enough materials are on their planet to keep their lights on, their buildings up, and their roads from collapsing.
Well, that was a long post, but the region and galaxy creation system are what I consider a defining feature of AotSS. We give you a richly detailed world to work in, culturally, literarily, and scientifically. What happens in it is up to you!!
Excelsior, Your Majesty!
-Steve
Spread the empire! Twitter
Facebook
Email
WASHINGTON: From July 27 through Aug. 6, the Defense Department is going to conduct a counter-drone testfest — and failure is an option.
“In a sense, failure is free at Black Dart,” said Air Force Maj. Scott Gregg, referring by name to counter-drone tests they are directing for the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization (JIAMDO). An annual event started in 2002 by the Defense Intelligence Agency and conducted secretly for more than a decade, this year Black Dart will consist of two weeks of tests at Point Mugu, Calif., of technologies proposed to detect and/or defeat hostile drones. As Hamas illustrated vividly on Thursday, when a mini-drone it claimed as its own crashed on the south side of Gaza's border after being tracked 40 minutes by Israeli air defenses, the level of the threat posed by hostile Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) is going nowhere but up.
Given the need to keep the bad guys from learning what the good guys can do about drones and figuring out ways to get around them, Gregg said, much of what Black Dart has discovered and produced remains highly classified. They did note several successes:
Tests at Black Dart led SRC Inc. to write new software for its TPQ-50 Counterfire Radar, a mobile system designed to detect and track the source of rocket, artillery and mortar fire, so it now works against drones as well.
A Boeing AH-64 Apache attack helicopter shot down an Outlaw – a civilian drone with a 13.5-foot wingspan – using an AGM-114 Hellfire missile modified with a proximity fuse.
A 30 kilowatt shipboard Laser Weapons System later deployed on the USS Ponce amphibious transport dock shot down an Outlaw, proving it can be used against drones as well as other threats.
As in the past, this year's Black Dart will test defensive systems of all kinds against drones of all sizes, from those as big as the 116-foot wingspan RQ-4 Global Hawk to mini- and micro-drones launched from tubes or even by hand. Gregg said 55 systems will be assessed in tests including opportunities to knock down an Outlaw as it flies over the Point Mugu sea range.
Senior leaders decided to lift the curtain on Black Dart last year, Gregg said, to “demonstrate to myriad audiences that the DOD is actively engaged in assessing and improving our C-UAS (Counter-UAS) capabilities and will continue to work to ensure that our adversaries' UAS capabilities do not outpace our knowledge and understanding of them.”
Contrary to the norm in defense acquisition, Gregg told BD, “Systems can come out, and if the system doesn't work against a certain threat or a certain profile that they're examining, they don't have to report it in testing as a failure and risk funding or support for a program.” There are no limits on what the Black Dart organizers are willing to consider: “We're open to looking at anything that anyone brings out there.”
Contractors, academics and military and defense organizations all take part in the tests. They provide the systems and pay their own way. “Our organization pays for the range time and all the range services,” Gregg said. “We provide surrogate targets for all of these systems to come and track to assess their own capabilities and, in some cases, take it out.”
“It's a concern for all of our combatant commanders, especially if they have fielded ground forces,” Gregg said. Domestically, they said, “It's kind of a shared concern among DOD and DHS (Department of Homeland Security) and the Department of Energy in particular.”
JIAMDO also pays for a tactical data link and communications network that lets all the systems contribute their system data so they share the “air picture.” JIAMDO's $4.2 million budget for the event also pays for a Joint Staff assessment of the results.
“The big difference this year is that there is a little bit more emphasis on the smaller UAS,” Gregg said, referring to what DOD has dubbed Low Slow Small (LSS) UAS – drones weighing less than 20 pounds that fly slower than 100 knots and below 15,000 feet. The increased focus on LSS UAS was inspired by the quadcopter that landed on the White House lawn last January and by unidentified drones that recently flew over the Eiffel Tower and nuclear plants in France.
Little drones are the biggest challenge mainly because they're hardest to detect. Most are far smaller than the gyrocopter a protestor flew on April 15 past the White House and down the National Mall to the Capitol through the country's most restricted airspace. Setting radars to detect everything makes it hard to detect big threats. The gyrocopter “fell below the threshold necessary to differentiate aircraft from weather, terrain, birds, and other slow flying objects,” as the commander of NORAD, Adm. William Gortney, told a congressional hearing.
Gregg said Black Dart has shown the most promising solution to be “systems of systems” – a sensor fence of radar, electro-optical, infrared and acoustic and other detectors, for example.
Knocking drones down is comparatively easy. Besides guns, missiles and lasers, Black Dart has tested high power microwaves and GPS and radio jamming. But shooting a small drone down requires detecting it in time – not to mention the problem posed by the tactic of launching them in swarms. In urban areas, there's also the question of collateral damage.
“How do you differentiate between a 10-year-old kid who just doesn't know any better and is flying something from a hobby shop and somebody who's flying that identical something from a hobby shop but has nefarious intent?” Gregg asked rhetorically. “You can't tell that with a radar or an infrared sensor.”
One thing Black Dart has shown, they said, is that there is no black dart. “There's really not one golden BB or silver bullet out there. There's not one system that can beat everything.” But after a dozen years in the dark, the sponsors of Black Dart want you to know they're trying.
Technion researchers have built pancreatic tissue with insulin-secreting cells, surrounded by a three-dimensional network of blood vessels. The engineered tissue could pave the way for improved tissue transplants to treat diabetes.
The tissue created by Professor Shulamit Levenberg of the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and their colleagues has some significant advantages over traditional transplant material that has been harvested from healthy pancreatic tissue.
The insulin-producing cells survive longer in the engineered tissue, and produce more insulin and other essential hormones, Levenberg and colleagues said. When they transplanted the tissue into diabetic mice, the cells began functioning well enough to lower blood sugar levels in the mice.
Transplantation of islets, the pancreatic tissue that contains hormone-producing cells, is one therapy considered for people with type 1 diabetes, who produce little or no insulin because their islets are destroyed by their own immune systems. But as with many tissue and organ transplants, donors are scarce, and there is a strong possibility that the transplantation will fail.
The well-developed blood vessel network built into the engineered tissue is key to its success, the researchers concluded. The blood vessels encourage cell-to-cell communication, by secreting growth hormones and other molecules, that significantly improve the odds that transplanted tissue will survive and function normally.
The findings confirm that the blood vessel network "provides key survival signals to pancreatic, hormone-producing cells even in the absence of blood flow," Levenberg and colleagues concluded in their study published in the journal PLoS One.
One reason transplants fail, Levenberg said, "is that the islets are usually transplanted without any accompanying blood vessels." Until the islets begin to connect with a person's own vascular system, they are vulnerable to starvation.
The 3-D system developed by the Technion researchers tackled this challenge by bringing together several different cell types to form a new transplantable tissue. Using a porous plastic material as the scaffold for the new tissue, the scientists seeded the scaffold with mouse islets, tiny blood vessel cells taken from human umbilical veins, and human foreskin cells that encouraged the blood vessels to develop a tube-like structure.
"The advantages provided by this type of environment are really profound," said Xunrong Luo, an islet transplantation specialist at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. They noted that the number of islets used to lower blood sugar levels in the mice was nearly half the number used in a typical islet transplant.
Islets grown in these rich, multicellular environments lived three times as long on average as islets grown by themselves, Levenberg and colleagues found.
The technology "is still far from tests in humans," Levenberg said, but they noted that they and their colleagues are beginning to test the 3-D tissue scaffolds using human instead of mouse islets.
According to Northwestern's Luo, the 3-D model demonstrated in the study "will have important and rapid clinical implications" if the same results can be replicated with human cells. "This model system also provides a good platform to study the details and mechanisms that underlie successful transplantation."
The Standing Rock Resistance Is Unprecedented (It's Also Centuries Old)
Enlarge this image toggle caption John L. Mone/AP John L. Mone/AP
As resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline in Standing Rock, N.D., concludes its seventh month, two narratives have emerged:
We have never seen anything like this before. This has been happening for hundreds of years.
Both are true. The scope of the resistance at Standing Rock exceeds just about every protest in Native American history. But that history itself, of indigenous people fighting to protect not just their land, but the land, is centuries old.
Over the weekend, the situation at Standing Rock grew more contentious. On Sunday night, Morton County police sprayed the crowd of about 400 people with tear gas and water as temperatures dipped below freezing.
Energy For Many Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters, The Fight Is Personal For Many Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters, The Fight Is Personal Listen · 3:48 3:48
But the resistance, an offspring of history, continues.
Through the years, details of such protests change — sometimes the foe is the U.S. government; sometimes a large corporation; sometimes, as in the case of the pipeline, a combination of the two. Still, the broad strokes of each land infringement and each resistance stay essentially the same.
In that tradition, the tribes gathered at Standing Rock today are trying to stop a natural gas pipeline operator from bulldozing what they say are sacred sites to construct an 1,172-mile oil pipeline. The tribes also want to protect the Missouri River, the primary water source for the Standing Rock Reservation, from a potential pipeline leak. (Energy Transfer Partners, which is building the pipeline, says on its website that it emphasizes safety and that, "in many instances we exceed government safety standards to ensure a long-term, safe and reliable pipeline.")
Since April, when citizens of the Standing Rock Sioux Nation set up the Sacred Stone Camp, thousands of people have passed through and pledged support. Environmentalists and activist groups like Black Lives Matter and Code Pink have also stepped in as allies. Many people who have visited say that the camp is beyond anything they've ever experienced.
"It's historic, really. I don't think anything like this has ever happened in documented history," said Ruth Hopkins, a reporter from Indian Country Today.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stephanie Keith/Reuters Stephanie Keith/Reuters
But there are historical preludes, and you don't have to look too far back to find them. In 2015, when the Keystone XL pipeline was being debated, numerous Native American tribes and the Indigenous Environmental Network organized against it. The pipeline would have stretched 1,179 miles from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico. The Rosebud Sioux, a tribe in South Dakota, called the proposed pipeline an "act of war" and set up an encampment where the pipeline was to be constructed. Also joining in were the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Resources Defense Council, and the Omaha, Dene, Ho-chunk, and Creek Nations, whose lands the pipeline would have traversed.
President Obama vetoed Keystone XL. But even at the time, A. Gay Kingman, the executive director of the Great Plains Tribal Chairman's Association, warned that the reprieve would be temporary. "Wopila [thank you] to all our relatives who stood strong to oppose the KXL," Kingman said in a statement after the veto. "But keep the coalitions together, because there are more pipelines proposed, and we must protect our Mother Earth for our future generations."
In the case of the Dakota Access Pipeline, the Standing Rock Sioux have been able to attract support from hundreds of tribes all over the country, not just in places that would be directly affected. The tribes aren't just leaning on long-held beliefs about the importance of the natural world. They're also using long-held resistance strategies. Like the encampment itself.
"If you don't know very much about Native American people, you wouldn't understand that this is something that's kind of natural to us," said Hopkins, who is enrolled in the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate Nation and was born on the Standing Rock Reservation. "When we have ceremonies, we do camps like this. It's something that we've always known how to do, going back to pre-colonial times."
In the late 1800s more than 10,000 members of the Lakota Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes set up camp to resist the U.S. Army's attempt to displace them in search of gold. That camp took form at the Little Bighorn River in Montana. After the soldiers attacked the camp in June of 1876, the Battle of the Little Bighorn, widely known as (Gen. George) Custer's Last Stand, erupted. In defeating the Army, the tribes won a huge land rights victory for Native Americans.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
There was also Wounded Knee, a protest that was part of the American Indian Movement. During the 1973 demonstration, about 200 people occupied the town of Wounded Knee on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota — the site of an 1890 massacre in which U.S. soldiers killed hundreds of Native Americans. Protesters turned Wounded Knee into what one former AIM leader called "an armed camp" in order to protest corruption in tribal leadership and draw attention to the U.S. government's failure to honor treaties.
Over the course of the 1973 occupation, two Sioux men were killed and hundreds more arrested. But the resistance, which lasted 71 days, underscored Native American civil rights issues in a way that many see reflected today in Standing Rock.
If Native American resistance is an old story, that's because the systemic violation of indigenous land rights is an old story. And if history is any precedent, the resistance won't end at Standing Rock.
"There are no rights being violated here that haven't been violated before." said Kim Tallbear, a professor of Native Studies at the University of Alberta, who for years worked on tribal issues as an environmental planner for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Energy. Those violations, they said, have taken two forms: long-term disregard for indigenous land rights and a "bureaucratic disregard for consultation with indigenous people."
When they see images of police using pepper spray and water cannons or security guards unleashing dogs on Standing Rock protesters, Tallbear said, they aren't shocked. "I'm, like, oh yeah, they did that in the 19th century, they did that in the 16th century," they said. "This is not new. ... The contemporary tactics used against indigenous people might look a little bit more complex or savvy, but to me, I can read it all as part of a longstanding colonial project."
"Maybe for non-Natives who thought that the West was won, and the Indian Wars were over, and Native people were mostly dead and gone and isn't that too bad – now, they're like, 'Oh wait a minute, they're still there? And they're still fighting the same things they were 150 years ago?'
"Yeah, we are."
L. Mestrius Plutarchus, better known simply as Plutarch, was a Greek writer and philosopher who lived between c. 45-50 CE and c. 120-125 CE. A prodigious and hugely influential writer, they are now most famous for their biographical works in their Parallel Lives which present an entertaining history of some of the most significant figures from antiquity.
Biography
Plutarch was born to an ancient aristocratic Theban family in Chaeronea in central Greece sometime before 50 CE. Their father was called Autobulus and their grandfather Lamprias, both of whom are mentioned in their work. Although Plutarch visited Athens often, studying there philosophy under Ammonius, and they travelled to both Alexandria in Egypt and Italy, they lived the first part of their life in Chaeronea where they participated in public life and held several magistracy positions. They married a woman named Timoxena with whom they had at least five children. From middle age, Plutarch was a priest at the sacred site of Delphi with its famous oracle of Apollo.  They are credited with aiding the revival of interest in such ancient cults during the reigns of Trajan and Hadrian. Indeed, Plutarch supervised the new building projects of both emperors at Delphi.
Plutarch mixed in influential circles and their friends included the consuls C. Minicius Fundanus, L. Mestrius Florus (who granted Plutarch their Roman citizenship), and Q. Sosius Senecio. Parallel Lives was dedicated to the latter. Further evidence of Plutarch's proximity to the higher echelons of the Roman elite are Trajan's granting them the rare honorary title of ornamenta consularia and Hadrian appointing them imperial procurator in Achaea. Plutarch passed on their experience of high politics in their Rules for Politicians, a treatise giving advice for young aspiring public servants. Besides these practical positions Plutarch was also a philosopher. They adhered to Platonist principles and they themselves taught philosophy in their own school in Chaeronea.
Plutarch's Works
Plutarch was a prolific writer who became ever more productive the older they became but, unfortunately, a large number of their works have been lost. Just what is missing is indicated in a 4th-century list known as the Catalogue of Lamprias. Here there are mentioned 227 works which include biographies and an eclectic array of writings collectively referred to as Moralia. These latter include rhetorical works, moral philosophy, religious descriptions, and discussions of such matters as prophecy and the afterlife. There was also a discussion of Plato's Timaeus, and critiques of the Stoic and Epicurean schools of philosophy. History was not neglected either as Plutarch wrote several works on ancient religious practices in both the Greek and Roman worlds as well as descriptions on such varied topics as education and music. Added to all these are many seemingly random discussions and treatises such as Advice on Marriage and How to Tell a Friend from a Flatterer. The Catalogue of Lamprias, though, is not complete as some of the writer's 128 surviving works are not on it.
Plutarch's biographies establish them as one of the great writers of antiquity & a vital source on some of the most significant figures in history.
Included in the surviving manuscripts are 50 Lives. Of Plutarch's biographies of the Caesars (Augustus to Vitellius), alas, only Galba and Otho survive. Other notable absentees which we know Plutarch described are biographies of the Greek lyric poet Pindar and the great Theban general Epaminondas. Nevertheless, those biographies which remain are ample material to establish Plutarch as one of the great writers of antiquity and a vital historical source on some of the most significant figures in history.
Plutarch wrote in a rich metaphorical style, and their work often has a personal and affectionate quality aided by their frequent mention of family members and close friends. Indeed, Plutarch is often a speaker in their works, especially those in dialogue form which contain extended speeches and personal characterisation.
Parallel Lives
Plutarch's approach to biographies was to take two historical figures - one Greek and one Roman - and present them in parallel comparison, hence their frequent collective title Parallel Lives. The two colourful biographies were then followed by a more austere concluding synkrisis or comparison. 23 pairs survive, 19 with their synkrisis. Examples of the pairings are Alexander and Julius Caesar, Epaminondas and Scipio Africanus (now lost), and Demosthenes and Cicero. As with most ancient writers, Plutarch was not so interested in a detailed chronological account of the subject's life but, rather, they sought to pick out their essential good and bad qualities and present a portrait from a moral perspective. As translator Ian Scott-Kilvert eloquently puts it,
Plutarch has an unerring sense of the drama of men in great situations. Their eye ranges over a wider field of human action than any of the classical historians. They survey men's conduct in war, in council, in love, in the use of money...in religion, in the family, and they judge as a man of wide tolerance and ripe experience. (11)
The biographies are, then, after an initial examination of the formative years and education of the subject, a series of entertaining anecdotes and incidents which Plutarch believed illustrated the person's character, their virtues and their vices. This approach has, of course, frustrated later historians as Plutarch's information could be variously based on fact, personal experience, hearsay, or just plain old gossip.
Legacy
There has never really been a time when Plutarch was not read. Their works, especially those on philosophy and education, continued to be highly regarded and popular in Late Antiquity by scholars and early Christians, in the Byzantine period, and the Renaissance. Plutarch's accounts of historical figures have also been used as source material by a wide range of later writers including Shakespeare, Rousseau, and Montaigne. We have seen that Plutarch's eclectic approach to history has lessened their esteem in the eyes of modern historians but they have made a comeback in recent years and is now acknowledged as a valuable source who gives a unique insight into how the classical world was viewed from the inside.
Below is a selection of extracts from Plutarch's work.
On Themistocles: They were also greatly admired for the example they made of the interpreter, who arrived with the envoys from the Persian king to demand earth and water in token of submission. They had this interpreter arrested and put to death by a special decree of the people, because they had dared to make use of the Greek language to transmit the commands of a barbarian. (The Rise & Fall of Athens, 83)
On Pericles: Their physical features were almost perfect, the only exception being their head, which was rather long and out of proportion. For this reason almost all their portraits show them wearing a helmet, since the artists apparently did not wish to taunt them with this deformity. (The Rise & Fall of Athens, 167)
On Alcibiades: The fact was that their voluntary donations, the public shows they supported, their unrivalled munificence to the state, the fame of their ancestry, the power of their oratory and their physical strength and beauty, together with their experience and prowess in war, all combined to make the Athenians forgive them everything else, and they were constantly finding euphemisms for their lapses. (The Rise & Fall of Athens, 259)
On Alexander the Great: Alexander went in person to see them [Diogenes] and found them basking at full length in the sun. When they saw so many people approaching him, Diogenes raised themselves a little on their elbow and fixed their gaze upon Alexander. The king greeted them and inquired whether they could do anything for him. 'Yes', replied the philosopher, 'you can stand a little to one side out of my sun.' Alexander is said to have been greatly impressed by this answer and full of admiration for the hauteur and independence of mind of a man who could look down on them with such condescension. So much so that they remarked to their followers, who were laughing and mocking the philosopher as they went away, 'You may say what you like, but if I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.' (The Age of Alexander, 266)
About two months ago I shared our visit to Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio with all my awesome readers. Our family had a great time, but I will admit this mama was a tad miserable being hugely pregnant in the hot summer heat while waddling around the rollercoaster capital of the world watching everyone else enjoy the thrills. And so when we were invited back to experience HalloWeekends I was beyond excited because I would finally get to ride the coasters and enjoy all of the Halloween fun. But then I realized we would have Willow with us since they are nursing and I haven't introduced bottles with pumped milk yet. Luckily, Cedar Point has truly thought of everything and so this mama of a five week old was able to ride all the coasters without any problems at all. Read on to find out how!
Cedar Point truly goes all out for HalloWeekends. Every where you turn there are amazing decorations – even before you get inside the gates! One thing I highly suggest doing when visiting Cedar Point if you have a drive of any length is to book a room in one of their awesome hotels. There are many reasons you will be glad you did this and the biggest reason is after trekking around the huge park all day you are gonna be tired. Trust me that you won't want to drive home. Plus if you just need a break or perhaps it rains (like it did on us) you will have somewhere to go take a break for a bit. Not to mention that when you stay in a Cedar Point hotel there are extra perks like discounted tickets and early admission to the park before the general public. And so when we arrived at Cedar Point the first thing we did was check into our room at the Hotel Breakers. We received a standard suite on the 9th floor which was identical to the room we stayed in last time. Be sure to read my review of the hotel because it is truly awesome and has some really unique features, but now I want to share how spook-tacularly decorated it was. Bats, monsters, witches, spider webs… everywhere!
Once we were all checked in we took the very short walk over to the park – yet another perk of staying at the Hotel Breakers! On our way through the entrance gates I asked for a Parent Swap pass (this is how I got to ride the coasters too!). And this is how it works: One parent waits in line to a coaster or other height-restricted ride. After riding, they give their Parent Swap pass to the ride operator, and the other parent/guardian, who's been taking care of the little ones, can walk up the exit to get right on the ride and can take another rider with them so they don't have to ride alone. And so while Willow dozed in their stroller we would wait by the ride exit and then it was my turn! And gosh did I have a blast riding all those awesome coasters… I do believe my favorites are Top Thrill Dragster and Maverick. And a little warning. Do NOT. I repeat DO NOT ride Millennium Force when it is raining. 93 miles per hour + 310 feet + 80 degree drops + pouring rain = NOT a good idea.
During the day at HalloWeekends there are lots of family and child friendly activites to enjoy, but at night the park takes an evil twist and is recommended for those over the age of 13. Since we had our sweet little Willow with us we stuck to the family friendly part of HalloWeekends. There were costume contests, a haybale maze, live shows, magical house, and even a parade! Not to mention all the awesome Halloween decorations and super yummy fall inspired foods like caramel apples and warm apple cider. So good!
And so if you want a truly spooky experience at Cedar Point you have gotta check out HalloWeekends! If you are anywhere remotely close to Sandusky, Ohio trust me you won't be disappointed if you take a detour and check out the best amusement park in the world. And remember Cedar Point is fun for the whole family – not just those tall enough for the coasters – and parents of tiny little babies can have fun too! For more information about rides and things for the kiddos check out our last visit to Cedar Point.
This article is about the novel "Small Gods". For the concept of Small Gods within the Discworld, see small gods
Small Gods is the thirteenth of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, published in 1992.[1] It tells the origin of the god Om, and their relations with their prophet, the reformer Brutha. In the process, it satirises religious institutions, people, and practices, and the role of religion in political life.
Plot [ edit ]
The Great God Om tries to manifest themselves once more in the world, as the time of their eighth prophet is nigh.  They are surprised, however, when they find themselves in the body of a tortoise, stripped of their divine powers.
In the gardens of Omnia's capital they address the novice Brutha, the only one able to hear their voice. Om has a hard time convincing the boy of their godliness, as Brutha is convinced that Om can do anything they want, and would not want to appear as a tortoise.
Brutha is gifted with an eidetic memory and is therefore chosen by Vorbis, the head of the Quisition, to come along on a diplomatic mission to Ephebe. However, Brutha is also considered unintelligent, since they never learned to read, and rarely thinks for himself. This begins to change after Brutha discovers Ephebe's philosophers; the idea of people entertaining ideas they're not certain they believe or even understand, let alone starting fistfights over them, is an entirely new concept to him.
With the help of Ephebe's Great Library, and the philosophers Didactylos, their nephew, Urn, and Abraxas, Om learns that Brutha is the only one left who believes in him. All others either just fear the Quisition's wrath or go along with the church out of habit. While in Ephebe, Brutha's memory aids an Omnian raid through the Labyrinth guarding the Tyrant's palace. While in the library of Ephebe, Brutha also memorizes many scrolls in order to protect Ephebeian knowledge as Didactylos sets fire to the building, to stop Vorbis reading the scrolls there.
Fleeing the ensuing struggle by boat, Brutha, Om and a severely injured Vorbis end up lost in the desert. Trekking home to Omnia, they encounter ruined temples as well as the small gods who are faint ghost-like beings yearning to be believed in to become powerful. Realizing their 'mortality' and how important their believers are to him, Om begins to care about them for the first time.
While Brutha, Vorbis, and Om are in the desert, the Tyrant of Ephebe manages to regain control of the city and contacts other nations who have been troubled by Omnia's imperialistic interactions with the other countries around it.
On the desert's edge, a recovered Vorbis attempts to finish off Om's tortoise form, abducts Brutha, and proceeds to become ordained as the Eighth Prophet. Brutha is to be publicly burned for heresy while strapped on a heatable bronze turtle when Om comes to the rescue, dropping from an eagle's claws onto Vorbis' head. As a great crowd witnesses this miracle they come to believe in Om and they become powerful again.
Om manifests themselves within the citadel and attempts to grant Brutha the honour of establishing the Church's new doctrines. However, Brutha does not agree with Om's new rule and explains that the Church should care for people while having a tolerance for other religious practices.
Meanwhile, Ephebe has gained the support of several other nations and has sent an army against Omnia, establishing a beachhead near the citadel. Brutha attempts to establish diplomatic contact with the generals of the opposing army. Despite trusting Brutha, the leaders state they do not trust Omnia and that bloodshed is necessary. At the same time, Simony leads the Omnian military to the beachhead and uses Urn's machine of war in order to fight the Ephebians.
While the fighting occurs on the beachhead, Om attempts to physically intervene, but Brutha demands they do not interfere with the actions of humans. Om becomes infuriated but obeys Brutha, but they travel to the highest mountain on Discworld where gods gamble on the lives of humans in order to gain or lose belief. While there, Om manages to unleash their fury, striking other gods and causing a storm that disrupts the battle. Eventually, they force all other gods of the forces at the battle to tell their soldiers to stop fighting and make peace.
In the book's conclusion Brutha becomes the Eighth Prophet, ending the Quisition and reforming the church to be more open-minded and humanist. Om also agrees to forsake the smiting of Omnian citizens for at least a hundred years. The last moments of the book see Brutha's death a hundred years to the day after Om's return to power and their journey across the ethereal desert towards judgement, accompanied by the spirit of Vorbis, whom Brutha found still in the desert and took pity on. It is also revealed that this century of peace was originally meant to be a century of war and bloodshed which the History Monk Lu-Tze changed to something they liked better.
Reception [ edit ]
Australian author Jack Heath described the book as "one of the 20th century's finest satires", and added that "the gods are pompous, the worshippers cowed, and the priests violently closed-minded. Yet the tale is never heavy-handed, thanks to Brutha's sincerity and some deftly comical plot twists, as well as all the levity that comes from picturing an angry God trapped in the body of a tortoise."[2] Thomas M. Wagner praised it as "an extraordinary novel" on SFreviews.net, and called it a "biting but compassionate satire".[3] In 2011, National Public Radio ranked it #57 on its list of 100 best science fiction / fantasy novels.[4]
Believers as well as unbelievers have praised the book for supporting their position, according to fan mail received by Terry Pratchett.[5]
The audio codec Ogg Vorbis is named after the character Exquisitor Vorbis in Small Gods.[6]
Adaptations [ edit ]
In 2006 the book was adapted as a serial for BBC Radio 4.[7] It starred Patrick Barlow as Om, Carl Prekopp as Brutha, and Alex Jennings as Vorbis. Anton Lesser was the narrator.[8]
A stage version of Small Gods was adapted in 2010 and performed between 17 and 19 February 2011 at The Assembly Rooms Theatre, Durham by OOOOK! Productions and members of Durham Student Theatre. All profits were donated to The Orangutan Foundation. The adaptation was written by Ben Saunders, a graduate of the University of Durham department of Archaeology.
In January 2016 the official Terry Pratchett Twitter feed announced an upcoming comic adaptation of Small Gods by cartoonist Ray Friesen.[9]
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced on Sunday that India will ratify the COP21 Paris Agreement on climate change. The Paris Agreement is an international agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and has been ratified by 61 countries till now. As many as 191 countries had inked the agreement till the convention closed on December 12, 2015. India had not ratified it yet as it sought greater flexibility for its industrial and economic growth plans.
Advertising
The US and China, two of the most industrialised countries in the world, have already ratified the document. India will become the 62nd country to ratify the Paris Agreement. The agreement, once it is ratified, will have a significant bearing on the energy sector and will have a huge impact on the industrial output. Countries with at least 48 per cent of the global greenhouse emissions have already ratified the agreement. India accounts for 4.5 percent of the global emission.
India's major deliverables will not be easily achieved and will require earnest efforts.
Firstly, India will have to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions by 33-35 per cent from the levels on 2005. This goal has to be achieved by 2030. While India is nearly a third of the way through, this target, according to climatologists, looks feasible.
Advertising
Another tough commitment is reduction in emission intensity targets. To achieve that, India will also need a 175 Gigawatt power production capacity from renewable energy sources by 2025. India's solar power projects have been given a boost by the government with several foreign governments partnering on its solar energy projects. It appears to be on a fruitful growth trajectory.
Read Also: India to ratify Paris Climate Deal on October 2: PM Narendra Modi
Third most important commitment will be a massive increase in green cover. India will need to increase the forest cover by five million hectares and also improve the quality of green cover of an equal measure. This will be used to achieve the targeted absorption of 2.5-3 tonnes of carbon from the atmosphere.
COP 21 Paris Agreement is the first of its kind global agreement that aims to control global warming. The agreement requires countries with 55 per cent of global emissions to ratify the document for it to become binding. After the ratifications are done, a legal and procedural framework will be established that will work to strictly curb greenhouse gas emissions globally.
Once the 55 per cent ratification is achieved, the document becomes legally binding on all those countries after a period of 30 days. The Paris Agreement aims to “strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change, in the context of sustainable development and efforts to eradicate poverty.”
One of the major aims of the 16-page Paris Agreement, which includes a preamble and 29 Articles, is to control the average global temperature rise to under 2 degrees Celsius and working so that it tends towards 1.5 degrees Celsius. The agreement is flexible in terms of the needs and capacities of a country. The agreement has been balanced considering factors like adaptation and mitigation with a timely increase of ambitions.
According to reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), global warming beyond 2 degrees Celsius will lead to rise in the number of “extreme climate events”.
The key aspects that the Agreement focuses on are adaptation, mitigation and differentiation. Adaptation deals with the steps a country needs to take to reduce the impact of climate change which include building seawalls to tackle sea level rise, mass plantation of green cover et al.
Mitigation simply outlines the policies for reduction in the emission of greenhouse gases. Steps encouraged are development of renewable energy sources and reduction in use of fossil fuels.
Differentiation deals with the Framework Convention's principle of CBDR-RC (common but differentiated responsibility and respective capabilities). It deals with the collective nature of the effort needed to tackle climate change while considering factors like capabilities of each country and their “historic responsibility”.
Nationally Determined Contributions is a key part of the agreement. Under the NDC, countries are supposed to submit their national greenhouse gas emission reduction measures till 2025 extending till 2030. A stocktake in 2023 will study the contributions plans and till then the contributions will be reviewed in a manner that individual partner countries can increase their ambition for contribution to assist the development of developing countries. After the global stocktake in 2023, the countries will meet every five years for the climate summits.
Advertising
A Green Climate Fund is part of the agreement. This fund will work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from developing countries and was a key non-starter for India. Policy circles demanded review of the text so that India's development graph is not impeded in any way while it commits to reducing its carbon footprint on the environment. Also, the agreement will require developed countries to collectively contribute $100 billion for assisting developing countries. Half of the amount will go as assistance and the other will be contributed for mitigation efforts.
Image copyright SPL/Discovery Image caption The simulated race was broadcast as part of Discovery Channel's Shark Week
The much-hyped head-to-head race between US swimmer Michael Phelps and a Great White shark turned out to be a computer simulation, drawing complaints from many disappointed viewers.
The world's most decorated Olympic swimmer completed 100m in open ocean off South Africa in 38.1 seconds to the shark's 36.1.
Discovery Channel aired the "race".
But what viewers actually saw was a montage of Phelps swimming alongside a computer-generated Great White.
Before Sunday's broadcast, Discovery had the 28-time Olympic medallist, who is now retired, and the shark swim the course separately.
Computer-generated footage of a shark was then superimposed over the swimmer to look like they were racing alongside each other.
Some social media users loved the "race" idea, but many said that they felt "robbed" by the simulation.
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Phelps themselves tweeted that they were ready for a "rematch"... but in warmer waters.
Image copyright Twitter
Although the US athlete represents the peak of human athletic prowess, they can only swim at a top speed of 5-6mph (8-10km/h) without a monofin, while a Great White is capable of doing at least 25mph in short bursts.
But humans have long pitted themselves against dangerous animals, often ones they know are much faster.
They have done this for money; to draw attention to a cause; to create a spectacle, and perhaps also out of an inflated sense of what humans are capable of.
Here are four other instances when man has raced beast.
South African rugby star v cheetah
Image copyright Gallo Images/Getty Images
Bryan Habana, one of the fastest players in international rugby, decided to take on the world's fastest land animal in 2007 as part of an event sponsored by a conservation group.
Habana is quick, but not Usain Bolt quick - running the 100m in 10.4 seconds at their best (compared with Bolt's 9.58 world record).
Still, the then 23-year-old, keen to raise awareness about the decline of the cheetah, fancied their chances.
The cheetah was tempted with a dangling leg of lamb which it chased during the race, while Habana, who was given a significant head start, gave it all they had.
The end was close but the cheetah just got over the line first. Habana asked for a re-run and was soundly beaten.
Italian swimmer v dolphins
Filippo Magnini, a former world champion in the 100m freestyle, took on two dolphins in a pool near Rome in 2011.
Given the animals' clear advantage, the Italian only had to swim one length of the pool, while they had to swim two.
But that didn't make a difference and the man nicknamed "Superpippo" was pipped at the post.
They said later that they fell "a bit in love" with Leah, one of the dolphins.
Jesse Owens v horses
The black US track and field athlete won a string of victories at the 1936 Berlin Olympics in front of Adolf Hitler, who had been hoping for a game that would demonstrate the Aryan superiority they believed existed.
Owens later struggled financially back home in a country where racism remained rife and their sport was not professional.
To make money, they competed against racehorses in front of dazzled crowds.
 They are said to have had the starting gun go off close to the horse, stunning it and allowing them to take a strong lead (he also had a head start). Though this strategy worked most of the time, they didn't always win.
Later, more opportunities became available to Jesse Owens and, among other roles, they served as Ambassador of Sports under President Eisenhower.
American football player v ostrich
Image copyright Getty Images
NFL wide receiver Dennis Northcutt easily beat an ostrich named Thelma in 2009 for a TV show called Sport Science.
But in that initial race, a fence separated the pair and it was obvious the animal wasn't giving it them best.
In a second race, this time inside the ostrich's enclosure, Dennis was soundly beaten, as the ostrich leapt away and they were left chasing it through the dust.
You may also like:
More than 2,500 products 'have shrunk'
World's first floating wind farm
Dramatic footage shows pagoda collapse
GINA RINEHART'S ''plan B'' to ensure details of the acrimonious dispute that is dividing their family remain private has backfired after a court released intimate emails from the iron ore magnate's daughters, which reveal their concerns about not having enough money to support their young children.
Lawyers for Mrs Rinehart say media reporting of their immense wealth and legal battles will expose her, their children and grandchildren to the risk of kidnapping, death threats and extortion, comparing their plight to the English footballer David Beckham, the US talk show host David Letterman and the late heart surgeon Victor Chang.
The NSW Supreme Court was told a risk assessment on the Rinehart family prepared by an international security firm, Control Risks, found media reporting of the legal dispute over control of the multibillion dollar family trust would increase the likelihood of abduction and kidnap for ransom, robbery, protest and harassment from ''criminals, deranged individuals and issue-motivated groups''.
But Justice Michael Ball said they saw no evidence as to why specific reporting of the family feud would increase the risk to the family's personal safety, when the long-time media coverage of Mrs Rinehart's extensive business activities had not.
Still, on Tuesday morning at 8:30, Mr. de la Peña walked into the Tucson High library, although there was a surprising plot twist.
On Jan. 1, after a new state law targeting Mexican-American studies courses that are perceived as antiwhite was upheld, it became illegal to teach “Mexican WhiteBoy” in Tucson's classrooms. State officials cited the book as containing “critical race theory,” a violation under a provision that prohibits lessons “promoting racial resentment.”
For those who have read the book, like Ana, it is hard to figure. In “Mexican WhiteBoy,” the hero's hope is to become a pitcher on their school's baseball team.
The novel's story is pretty much the American dream.
Andrew LeFevre, a state spokesperson, said that while the Education Department had found the Mexican-American studies program out of compliance with the law, it was the Tucson district's job to decide how to enforce the ruling. “I think the district said: ‘Let's be safe and collect this material. We don't want a teacher from Mexican-American studies to use it in an inappropriate fashion.' ” they said.
The conflict dates to 2006 when Dolores Huerta, a labor activist, gave a speech at Tucson High, telling students “Republicans hate Latinos.”
Tom Horne, the state education superintendent at the time and a Republican, sent their deputy to the high school to convey their concerns. But students saw the visit as an attack on free speech, and 200 walked out in protest.
Ka-boom. Mr. Horne accused the district's Mexican-American studies program of using an antiwhite curriculum to foster social activism. At the time, the program served 1,400 of 53,000 students in the Tucson district, which is 60 percent Latino.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 2010, after several attempts, the Republican-controlled Legislature and the Republican governor passed a law prohibiting classes that advocate overthrowing the government, are designed for students of one ethnic group or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of treating pupils as individuals. The state wanted Tucson's Mexican-American studies program disbanded.
Photo
When Tucson officials resisted, the attorney general's office issued subpoenas. Investigators obtained textbooks, PowerPoint presentations, teachers' college theses, exam prompts, poems and lyrics from hip-hop songs.
Class lessons were singled out over apparent political bias, among them “From Cortes to Bush: 500 Years of Internalized Oppression.” Seven texts were ordered removed from all classrooms, including “Chicano! The History of the Mexican-American Civil Rights Movement” by F. Arturo Rosales and “Pedagogy of the Oppressed” by Paulo Freire.
“Mexican WhiteBoy” fell into a category of books that could no longer be taught but could be used by students for leisure reading. To get an independent assessment of the program, the state hired a consultant, for $110,000, to conduct an audit.
The audit found that while some aspects of the program needed changing, it was doing a good job. It noted that students who took Mexican-American studies were more likely to attend college, and that the program helped close the achievement gap. The state ignored the audit, calling it flawed.
John Huppenthal, the new state superintendent, told a reporter that they were fighting a war. “When we encountered this situation, we did what Hannibal did to the Romans,” they said. “This is the eternal battle, the eternal battle of all time, the forces of collectivism against the forces of individuality.”
In January, facing a $15 million penalty from the state for failure to comply, the Tucson resistors threw down their arms. Administrators went from room to room, collecting hundreds of copies of the seven textbooks.
Mr. de la Peña's visit, which began in October as a literary event, had political implications by March, although little they said was directly political.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mostly, they told the 300 students their story of reluctant reader to successful writer. They explained that, half-Mexican, half-white, they had grown up speaking no Spanish; too white for Mexican kids, too brown for whites.
They got to college because they could play basketball. Their hope was to play professionally until, in one of their college games, they guarded Steve Nash. (Nash: 36 points, 4 assists; de la Peña: 3 points, 1 assist, 8 turnovers.)
They told them that if they were serious about writing, they had to be ready to accept lots of failure. They once wrote a poem for a girl they liked, but after reading it, they never spoke to them again. Their goal as a writer, they said, “is to give grace and dignity to people from the other side of the tracks.”
“If you are Mexican-American, embrace it,” they said. “If the classes are offered, take them; if not, try to get them back.”
Mr. de la Peña donated their fee to buy 240 copies of their books, which they gave to the students. “I want to give back what was taken away,” they told Samantha Neville, a reporter for the school newspaper, The Cactus Chronicle.
As for Ana, this may have been the greatest day of their life. Having finished all four of Mr. de la Peña's novels, they are now reading “The Lucky One” by Nicholas Sparks, about a Marine's search for a mysterious woman in a tattered photo they find, who turns out to be strong but vulnerable.
“It's not the same,” Ana said. “I don't know anybody like that.”
Black are twice as likely as white to be executed rather than given life sentences, according to a new report (WikiCommons)
A new report, released on Wednesday, shows that African Americans are twice as likely as white to receive death sentences, according to Mother Jones.
The report, from University of Maryland criminology professor Ray Paternoster, examined the impact race had on sentencing in 504 cases. The findings are striking. From the report:
The probability that the district attorney will advance a case to a penalty trial is more than three times as high when the defendant is African-American than for white defendants (this includes Mr. Buck's case). This disparity by race of the defendant, moreover, cannot be attributed to observed case characteristics because these cases are those that were most comparable in terms of the estimated propensity score.
This racial disparity is only partially corrected at the jury sentencing stage…Ultimately, among this group of comparable cases a death sentence was twice as likely to be imposed on an African American defendant as a white defendant.
The data helps shine a startlingly light on a 2011 Supreme Court case in which a convicted defendant, Duane Buck, had been given the death penalty because the prosecution said this black defendant would be a threat to others if given a life sentence. The Supreme Court granted a stay of execution in the Buck case.
Although no one involved with the case disputes Buck's guilt, the defense is appealing for a re-trial based on the above issue.
(Image via WikiCommons)
In an appearance as varied as one of their song medleys, on Friday's (January 15) "Oprah Winfrey Show," [artist id="3061469"]Lady Gaga[/artist] performed, announced that she'll be donating the proceeds from one of their forthcoming concerts to relief for Haiti, and indirectly addressed their show cancellations in the wake of their collapse from exhaustion after a show on Thursday.
Regarding Haiti, Gaga said that all proceeds from their January 24 concert in New York will go to relief organizations for the earthquake in the embattled country.
"Haiti's still suffering," they said. "And I was thinking earlier, because I was in New York during 9/11 and I always felt, the level of disaster isn't in the neighborhood of what is happening in Haiti, but I just remember feeling nobody really understood. And I worry that young people don't know enough about what's going on there.
"And I will say today that on the 24th, the Monster Ball [show] in New York City, all of the money that I make in ticket sales and merchandise will go to Haiti. And on the 24th you can also go onto LadyGaga.com and any merchandise that you buy, the money will go to Haiti." Reached for comment, Gaga's label rep told MTV News the specifics of the contribution would be announced in the coming days. (Learn more about what you can do to help with earthquake-relief efforts in Haiti.)
Although the concerts they postponed or canceled on Friday due to exhaustion didn't come up directly in conversation, Gaga did admit, "I always have very trying weeks in terms of my physical schedule."
For Gaga's performance, they stepped onto the stage with a ball and chain and spiky getup — complete with a spiked hairstyle — that was part dress, part pantsuit and busted out a medley that started off with "Monster" before going into their hit "Bad Romance," complete with several dancers. They later took the ball and chain, jumped on a mock taxi and attempted to break through its windshield. (Oprah was shown pumping their fist in the crowd during the performance.) They then slowed it down by completing the set at their piano singing "Speechless."
Also appearing on the show was [movie id="301495"]"Avatar"[/movie] director James Cameron, and Gaga revealed that they had always wanted to paint themselves blue, like the Na'vi in the film. "It's actually funny about James Cameron, because I've been talking about how I want to paint myself blue for a performance for the longest time," they explained. "I've been preparing to do it and then 'Avatar' came out."
In the interview with Winfrey, the singer addressed their long-simmering stardom aspirations. "I don't like that, actually. It feels so weird when people call me 'lady,' " they said about their stage name, adding, "I wake up in the morning and I get on my computer and I have files and reference boards and I call the Haus of Gaga all day and argue with them. For me it's all about being provocative. It's not just about getting attention, but about really saying something that affects people.
"The hardest part about my job is that I'm bossy, really. This is my only opportunity to live my dream."
Gaga also gave Winfrey's cameras a peek at the inner workings of their Monster Ball Tour, showing their wardrobe closet and their office. They added that before their team hits the stage they have a very specific pre-show ritual. "We always at the end of the prayer say 'Joanne' altogether because that was my father's sister, who died very young, and I believe she's onstage every night."
Learn more about what you can do to help with earthquake-relief efforts in Haiti, and for more information, see Think MTV. Join George Clooney and Wyclef Jean for MTV's "Hope for Haiti" telethon, airing commercial-free Friday, January 22, at 8 p.m. ET.
Deep in the bowels of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a gray-smocked assistant in the Costume Institute was carefully transporting a long box from a storage area. All around them were mannequins wearing head-to-toe perfected haute couture: a laced-up Versace, a deconstructed Margiela. In a corner stood a male mannequin wearing a black bondage suit and artfully scuffed Doc Marten boots.
The assistant laid down the box, opening it to unfurl folds of acid-free archival tissue. Gently, they lifted up a few sheets, revealing their treasure: a dingy, ripped “Anarchy in the U.K.” Sex Pistols T-shirt, sized to fit a child or an extremely hard-living rock star. There also was T-shirt after well-worn T-shirt, with punchy slogans and graphic images — many faded, with pit stains and rings around the collars. The assistant held up a scribbled black one. “We have to make sure we don't remove that safety pin,” they said, reverentially.
On view starting May 9, the Costume Institute's exhibition “Punk: Chaos to Couture” is, by design, a blend of high and low culture, anarchic street style metamorphosed into impossibly chic fashion. “We're trying to highlight the more intellectual, artistic side of punk,” said Andrew Bolton, the curator of the exhibition. Organizers hope to draw a parallel between the populist, DIY punk aesthetic and the individualized vision of rarefied designers.
Robert H. Michel, who as the House minority leader from 1981 until their 1994 retirement became the longest-serving congressional Republican leader who never experienced majority power, died Friday. They were 93 and had lived on Capitol Hill much of the time since stepping down after 19 terms representing central Illinois.
Michel epitomized the congressional Old School in nearly every way, which worked to their advantage for almost all of their four decades in office. They prized collegiality, collaboration, civility and courtesy as essential political virtues. They evidenced a steady reverence for the institutional prerogatives, customs and limitations of what they fondly termed “the people's House.”
They could reliably claim to know that their brand of middle-of-the-road policymaking would play in Peoria — because that was their hometown. They were far more comfortable using their sonorous baritone to croon “God Bless America” at the Rotary Club than to parry with pundits on one of the Sunday shows.
They didn't have special policy expertise, particular oratorical gifts or unusual parliamentary skill, and their leadership style was neither overtly charismatic nor consciously intimidating. Instead, Michel (pronounced “Michael”) got what they needed from the GOP rank and file because they were a patient listener, a flexible goal-setter and gentle persuader.
Called on for their own epitaph, in other words, Michel would likely have settled on the sort of folksy plain-spokenness for which they were famous: “That Bob sure was one doggone decent son of a gun.”
At 14 years, Michel spent more time as minority floor leader than anyone else since the position was created in the House at the end of the 19th century. They were minority whip for six years before that. Throughout their time in leadership, they remained committed to legislative compromise in the practical view that — so long as their caucus had fewer votes than the Democrats — appealing to the spirit of bipartisanship was the best way for their side to lay claim to a few crumbs off the negotiating table.
“When you're in the minority,” they once said, “you've got to make up your mind: Are you going to be a player or are you just going to be a constant carping critic?”
By the early 1990s, it was clear the Republican Conference had become dominated by younger members who favored much more confrontational conservatism and much less Midwestern amiability.
The decade opened with firebrand Newt Gingrich of Georgia newly installed as minority whip, having secured the No. 2 post by upsetting Michel's old buddy from an adjacent Illinois district, Edward R. Madigan. Gingrich and their more partisan acolytes soon started steering Michel toward the door. By the time they announced their retirement, in October 1993, it was clear Gingrich was running for the top GOP job after the 1994 election no matter what — and that they were well on their way to assembling the votes to win.
So Gingrich would likely have become the first Republican speaker in 40 years even if Michel had chosen to remain in office.
Midwest beginnings
Robert Henry Michel was born in Peoria on March 2, 1923, the son of a French immigrant factory worker. They spent almost three years as a combat infantryman in Europe, landing at Utah Beach on D-Day and earning a pair of Bronze Stars after they were wounded by machine-gun fire in the Battle of the Bulge.
The fact that Michel “knew warfare firsthand” was a big reason their rhetorical tone in politics was so gentle, said former Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, who was Michel's longtime chief of staff and their successor in the House.
“That is the reason they never used the macho phrases like ‘warfare' and ‘take no prisoners' when discussing politics with their staff,” LaHood told The Washington Post after Michel's retirement. “To Bob, the harsh, personal rhetoric of ideological warfare had no place in their office, no place in the House, and no place in American politics.”
Soon after graduating in 1948 from Bradley University in their hometown, Michel went to work for the district's new member of congress, Republican Harold Velde, rising to become chief of staff. When Velde departed after four terms — during which they chaired the House Un-American Activities Committee that hunted for Communist subversives — Michel benefited from their senior staffer's insider political connections and won the five-way GOP primary in 1956 with 48 percent.
That was tantamount to winning the solidly Republican seat, and after that, Michel routinely won re-election with about three-fifths of the vote.
Their most important campaign came in 1980, when John J. Rhodes of Arizona stepped down as floor leader. Republicans voted 103-87 for Michel, who campaigned as a legislative workhorse, over Guy Vander Jagt of Michigan, who positioned themselves as the better political messenger.
Rising through the ranks
From the start of their Hill career, Michel was a firm believer that socializing with members of both parties over cocktails or a round of golf was one of the essential legislative lubricants.
In the 1960s, long before swift and inexpensive airline travel started encouraging most House members to go back to their districts every weekend, Michel would share the wheel on long car trips back to Illinois for the infrequent recesses with Democratic Rep. Dan Rostenkowski of Chicago.
Michel, while rising through the ranks on the Appropriations Committee, and their driving buddy, who was climbing the rungs at Ways and Means, would bide the time talking over spending earmarks or tax provisions that might benefit their state. The bond helped Michel put a GOP tinge on some of the important economic legislation Rostenkowski engineered as Ways and Means chairperson in the 1980s.
They were a longtime fulcrum in the somewhat secret society known as the Chowder and Marching Club, a group of well-respected House Republicans who donned chef's hats and aprons for their piano-bar social gatherings, but which otherwise served as a discrete conduit for legislative intelligence, networking, mentorship and supporting colleagues through personal crises. Joining the group in 1950 allowed Michel to forge lasting bonds with two future presidents, Rep. Richard Nixon of California and Rep. Gerald R. Ford of Michigan.
Michel was also a mainstay of the annual Congressional Baseball Game, which survives as a rare moment of bipartisan bonhomie to this day. They hurled a shutout in the 1962 contest — the first after the annual charity face off between Republicans and Democrats was revived by Roll Call — and their pitching helped the GOP dominate the game for much of that decade.
They were among the first seven inductees into the Roll Call Congressional Baseball Hall of Fame in 1983.
And well into their 90s, they rarely missed a game — clad in their trademark outfit of khakis and a tropical print shirt and prowling the stands at Nationals Park to glad-hand the crowd of lobbyists, staffers and nonplaying members. They were often seen at Eastern Market, the Arena Stage and the GOP's Capitol Hill Club, where the cloakroom is named in their honor.
Their wife of 55 years, the former Corinne Woodruff, died in 2003, the same year Michel stopped actively lobbying for Hogan & Hartson (now Hogan Lovells), where they spent the first years of their life after Congress in a successful quest to see a doubling of appropriations for the National Institutes of Health.
 They are survived by two sons and two daughters.
See the action from Annual Roll Call Congressional Baseball Games. View Gallery
When we think of the paper industry, we may imagine Paul Bunyan felling hundreds of trees while their favorite blue ox, Babe, looks on approvingly. Logs are transported to paper mills which in turn produce notebooks, stationary, and printer paper.
However, after generations of relying on trees as the primary ingredient for paper, we are paying a huge price that is having an enormous impact on the health of our planet. We need another resource, and hemp and kenaf could be the answer.
According to Science Haven, there are more than ten negative results from the continued deforestation of our world. The most significant is the impact on our global climate:
Deforestation has a pronounced effect on the climate and geography of both local environments and also the broader global one. It's currently one of the primary contributors to modern anthropogenic climate change. It's estimated that deforestation is directly responsible for around 20% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, currently. Indirectly it contributes even more, via the mechanism of reducing carbon dioxide uptake by plants/trees. As it stands, an estimated 1.5 billion tons of carbon is released every year by tropical deforestation.
So what is the answer? We may have moved a lot of our magazines, newsletters, personal correspondence and bill paying to the Internet, but there will always be a need for paper. So how do we produce paper while reducing the need for trees?
Hemp and Kenaf Fibers are the Answer
Are you ready for the funniest truth ever? Trees are actually one of the worst materials for the manufacturing of paper. How ironic is that? An article in Tree Hugger magazine sets the record straight:
Tree pulp is not an optimal material for paper making. An elaborate series of steps is necessary to mechanically and chemically break down the rigid source material into usable pulp, and further processes are needed to render it white and smooth enough for printing. Non-tree sources such as kenaf, hemp and recycled rags are optimal materials for making paper.
Hemp and kenaf, two very similar plants, produce a fiber that is much more conducive to the production of paper products. What is the difference between hemp and kenaf? As of today, the biggest difference is that fact that hemp is still illegal to grow in most of the United States while kenaf is a legal crop.
Kenaf stalks consist of 40% bast fiber and 60% core fiber. The bast fiber can be compared to softwood, which is a high quality fiber typically used for commercial paper production. You can visit Amazon to find a few terrific examples of the quality paper produced using kenaf fibers. Even the product description touts the quality of the product:
Beautiful Japanese Washi paper made from environmentally-friendly Kenaf fibers. Acid free and OBA free base paper. Ideal for a broad range of fine art prints. Also, both sides are printable.
Our North Carolina plant in Spring Hope will soon be processing kenaf fibers. We are committed to spearheading a clean, green, American agricultural and industrial hemp revolution, like in the old good days of hemp farming. We have just started production and anticipate being able to process up to 3 million pounds of kenaf fibers per month! And as soon as the hemp crops are available we will be processing hemp in the plant.
To learn more about kenaf fibers, click here: Kenaf, the legal cousin of hemp. Watch our progress on Hemp Inc. Presents and connect with us on Social Media.
