On 10 June 2017, ACT for America — a group that describes itself as “the NRA of national security” is to hold rallies against what it calls “radical Islam” in 28 cities in the United States. The “March Against Sharia” has prompted concerns among Muslim communities due to the involvement of far-right groups and some of the past pronouncements of ACT for America leaders.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which has labelled ACT for America (AforA) an “extremist group”, the organization was founded in 2007. Its founder, chairperson and president, Brigitte Gabriel, is a Lebanon-born Christian and naturalized U.S. citizen. Them biography on the AforA web site describes them as “one of the leading terrorism experts in the world,” but does not list any educational qualifications.
In a 2006 book, Gabriel wrote that they have a one-year business administration degree from a YWCA in Marjayoun, Lebanon. They later became a journalist, working for the U.S. evangelist Pat Robertson's Middle East Television network, according to a 2011 report from the The New York Times:
They found refuge in Israel and then moved to the United States, only to find that the Islamic radicals who had terrorized them in Lebanon, they said, were now bent on taking over America. “America has been infiltrated on all levels by radicals who wish to harm America,” they said. “They have infiltrated us at the C.I.A., at the F.B.I., at the Pentagon, at the State Department. They are being radicalized in radical mosques in our cities and communities within the United States.”
The AforA web site says, somewhat vaguely:
Ms. Gabriel was knighted in Europe in 2016 for their international work on fighting terrorism and standing up for Western Values.
Some research reveals that they were invested as a Knight of the Order of Malta, a Catholic religious order, in October 2016. Gabriel is also understood to have changed their birth name, and has used a number of aliases in the past.
ACT for America, a 501 (c) 3 tax-exempt non-profit registered in Virginia Beach, claims to have 525,000 members and 1,000 volunteer groups across the U.S. In its file on the group, the Southern Poverty Law Center calls AforA “the largest grassroots anti-Muslim group in America” and an “extremist group.”
Throughout its existence, ACT has stayed true to its mission by working to advance anti-Muslim legislation at the local and federal level while flooding the American public with wild hate speech demonizing Muslims.
However, the group is often careful to deny allegations of racism or Islamophobia, and has publicly distanced itself from troubling associations. AforA's policy statement reads, in part:
ACT for America has never, and will never, tolerate any bias, discrimination, or violence against anyone, based on their religion, gender, race, or political persuasion. Freedom to practice one's religion in peace is afforded to each of us by the U.S. Constitution and we will continue to defend it vigorously… …We have always been proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with peaceful Western Muslims as well as peaceful Muslims worldwide, who both recognize this threat and have taken bold actions to confront it. As a result, anyone who traffics in prejudice, or advocates violence in any way towards our moderate Muslim allies does not speak on behalf of ACT for America. Should our organization find out that such beliefs have been propagated by one of our members or anyone claiming to be associated with ACT for America, this organization reserves the right to terminate any relationship, whether actual or apparent, with such person, group or entity and disavow any apparent endorsement of such person, group or entity or such contrary beliefs.
In April 2017, the group ended its association with Roy White, an Air Force veteran who had been President of the San Antonio, Texas chapter of AforA, after they allegedly planned to hold workshops that would train attendees in how to “shut down” mosques.
The evidence that White actually did this is doubtful, but it illustrates the group's readiness to, at times, cut ties with controversial members or supporters.
In the days leading up to the June 2017 “March Against Sharia”, AforA cancelled a rally in Arkansas, after it emerged that its organizer was Billy Roper, a prominent white supremacist. And yet, Brigitte Gabriel themselves has repeatedly blurred the lines between opposing violent Muslim extremism, in particular, and Islam, in general. At a 2007 conference held by Christians United For Israel, Gabriel said the Arab world was characterized by “evil” and “barbarism”:
The difference, my friends, between Israel and the Arabic world, is a difference between civilization and barbarism. It's a difference between goodness and evil. And this is what we're witnessing in the Arabic world — they have no soul, they are dead-set on killing and destruction.
In a 2008 book, Gabriel questioned the bona fides of Muslim civic groups such as the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the Muslim Public Affairs Council, calling them “pseudo-moderate groups.” Supporters of Act for America often equate extremist fundamentalist Islam with devout Islam, claiming that radical Muslim terrorists are “good Muslims”, because they devoutly practice the teachings of Islam, a position that is fiercely disputed by moderate Muslims and scholars.
In an August 2016 discussion (which starts at around 21:25 in the linked video) about Khizr Khan (the father of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, who was killed in action in Iraq in 2004 and posthumously received the Purple Heart) Gabriel claimed Khan was “lying either way” by presenting themselves as a practicing Muslim who honors the U.S. Constitution:
A practising Muslim cannot, with good conscience, hold the [U.S.] Constitution and say that they abide by the Constitution and lives by the Constitution, because according to Sharia law — which every devout Muslim follows — the Constitution is a human-made law and it cannot be followed.
Gabriel is also reported to have said that a “practising Muslim.. .cannot be a loyal citizen of the United States”, although we were unable to find the the original source for that quote.
Friends in high places
Act for America counts among its supporters a number of high-profile political figures. New York Congressman Peter King, in particular, has taken part in the “Act for America Show” on YouTube, and Senator Ted Cruz has spoken at their annual Legislative Briefing in Washington D.C. Former national security adviser Mike Flynn has been a member of the group's Board of Advisors, and Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson is scheduled to speak at AfA's annual conference in October 2017. In March 2017, Gabriel was invited to the White House for a meeting with a member of the Trump administration's “legislative staff.”
We asked Act for America several questions relating to this article, but did not receive a response.
President Trump revealed the name of their first Supreme Court nominee at 8 p.m. ET in their first prime time address as president, announcing that Colorado-based Judge Neil Gorsuch was their pick.
The president's choice came down to two men, CBS News' Jan Crawford reported: Gorsuch and Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania. The two have very different backgrounds but are both considered solid conservatives. On Monday, Mr. Trump told reporters, “I think you will be very impressed with this person.”
Here is the blog -- with the most recent entries at the top:
11:47 p.m. Background on the selection of Gorsuch
At the White House Tuesday night, press secretary Sean Spicer shared with reporters some background on the selection of Neil Gorsuch to be the next justice.
On Jan. 14, Mr. Trump met with all three of their top candidates for the Supreme Court seat: Gorsuch, Thomas Hardiman and William Pryor. There were six finalists from Mr. Trump's original list of 21, Spicer said, but the president only met with four. Just two days later, Mr. Trump telephoned Gorsuch and told them the nomination was his. White House counsel staff flew to Gorsuch's home state of Colorado to prepare them for the coming weeks.
Before the announcement, Gorsuch was flown to Washington, D.C. on a military jet, and they stayed at a friend's house.
Now that the announcement has been made, Gorsuch will immediately begin a round of meetings on Capitol Hill. Former New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte has been asked to be their sherpa for the process -- they will introduce them to members of the Sen. Judiciary Committee, beginning as soon as Wednesday.
While many Democrats are readying themselves for war on Gorsuch, they have already received a strong endorsement from one liberal -- Neal Katyal, who was solicitor general in the Obama administration. Writing in an opinion piece in the New York Times, Katyal praised Gorsuch as “an extraordinary judge and man.”
“I have seen them up close and in action, both in court and on the Federal Appellate Rules Committee (where both of us serve),” Katyal wrote. “[H]e brings a sense of fairness and decency to the job, and a temperament that suits the nation's highest court.”
Gorsuch, at 49 is the youngest Supreme Court nominee since Clarence Thomas was selected by George H.W. Bush in 1991 for the high court. So, if confirmed, they could play a role in determining the laws of the land for a generation or more -- perhaps not for as long as the 50 years Mr. Trump mentioned Tuesday -- but almost certainly 25 or even 30 years.
The Colorado judge also comes with some interesting ties to Washington. For one, they clerked for Justice Kennedy. A White House official noted that should Gorsuch be confirmed, it would be the first time in the court's history that a justice and their former clerk served on the court together. The Harvard law graduate was also in the same class as former President Obama -- both graduated in 1991.
10:53 p.m. ET Twitter data revealed that Gorsuch became the #1 trending topic Tuesday night, with the conversation peaking at exactly 8:12 pm ET with 8,200 tweets sent that minute mentioning the nominee.
9:41 p.m. ET House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said at a town hall that Gorsuch is a “very hostile nominee.” They called the nominee “a very bad decision, well outside the mainstream of American legal thought,” according to CNN.
8:39 p.m. ET Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called for an “exhaustive, robust, and comprehensive debate” on Gorsuch's nomination, saying they have “very serious doubts” about Gorsuch's willingness to stand up to Mr. Trump.
“The burden is on Judge Neil Gorsuch to prove themselves to be within the legal mainstream and, in this new era, willing to vigorously defend the Constitution from abuses of the Executive branch and protect the constitutionally enshrined rights of all Americans,” they said in a statement. “Given their record, I have very serious doubts about Judge Gorsuch's ability to meet this standard.”
President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch to Supreme Court
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Gorsuch's nomination demands “the toughest scrutiny” and saying they are “hostile to women's rights.”
“In the Hobby Lobby case, Judge Neil Gorsuch revealed their eagerness to single out women's health for discrimination and enable employers to meddle in their workers' most intimate health decisions,” they said.
Some Democrats immediately announced their opposition to Gorsuch: Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) criticized the nominee for their past rulings on corporations and LGBT rights, to name a few.
“The people of Ohio deserve Supreme Court Justices who will defend the rights of working families over Wall Street and corporate special interests – and Judge Gorsuch's record doesn't pass that test,” Brown said in a statement.
8:30 p.m. ET Reactions are pouring in to Mr. Trump's selection of Gorsuch for the Supreme Court vacancy -- and from Republicans, they are overwhelmingly positive.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch talks about their values
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Mr. Trump “made an outstanding decision” by picking Gorsuch.
“He has an impressive background and a long record of faithfully applying the law and the Constitution,” McConnell said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, too, called Gorsuch “phenomenal.”
“In Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Trump has fulfilled their pledge to nominate a judge who has a demonstrated loyalty to the Constitution and a strong commitment to life,” they said in a statement.
And Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that Gorsuch is respected by Democrats and Republicans alike.
“Judge Gorsuch is universally respected across the ideological spectrum as a mainstream judge who applies the law without regard to person or their own preferences,” they said.
8:16 p.m. ET When Gorsuch finished their remarks, the brief event -- clocking in at less than 20 minutes -- concluded.
8:14 p.m. ET Gorsuch said they are looking forward to speaking with “members from both sides of the aisle” in the Senate, and to “answering their questions and hearing their concerns.”
“I consider the United States Senate the greatest deliberative body in the world,” they said, adding that they believe “it is the role of judges to apply, not alter the work of the people's representatives.”
8:12 p.m. ET Gorsuch delivered brief remarks after Mr. Trump introduced him, and began by praising Justice Scalia.
“Justice Scalia was a lion of the law,” they said. “Agree or disagree with him, all of their colleagues on the bench cherished their wisdom and their humor and like them I miss him.”
8:10 p.m. ET Mr. Trump touted Gorsuch's credentials, praising their “legal skills” and their “academic credentials.”
“Judge Gorsuch has outstanding legal skills,” Mr. Trump said, who had earned bipartisan support when they were confirmed as a federal judge by voice vote in 2006. Mr. Trump said they had been confirmed “unanimously.”
“Can you believe that…does that happen anymore?” Mr. Trump asked, before implying they hoped Gorsuch could again attract support from Democrats.
Mr. Trump then praised Gorsuch's resume, which include stints at Columbia University, Harvard Law, and Oxford University. “His academic credentials – something very important to me…are as good as I have ever seen,” Mr. Trump said.
Mr. Trump also introduced Maureen Scalia, the wife of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, whose death in 2016 opened up the vacancy Gorsuch will be filling.
“I am so happy they are with us,” Mr. Trump said, as Mrs. Scalia took a bow.
8:05 p.m. ET Mr. Trump announced that they have selected Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court vacancy, inviting Gorsuch and their wife up on stage.
They said the selection process “may be the most transparent judicial selection process in history,” and said they are keeping their promise to the American people with this nomination.
“I am a man of my word, I will do as I say, something that the American people have been asking for from Washington for a very, very long time,” Mr. Trump said. “Today I am keeping another promise to the American people by nominating Judge Neil Gorsuch” for the Supreme Court.
8:03 p.m. ET Mr. Trump began by speaking about the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
“When Justice Scalia passed away suddenly last February, I made a promise to the American people if I were elected president, I would find the very best judge in the country for the Supreme Court,” they said. “I promised to select someone who respects our laws … and someone who will intepret them as written.”
7:52 p.m. ET With just a few minutes to go, prominent Republicans are in the East Room of the White House awaiting Mr. Trump and their nominee.
People in attendance include Vice President Mike Pence, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and former Reagan Attorney General Ed Meese.
Members of Congress in the audience include Sens. Roy Blunt (R-Missouri), John Cornyn (R-Texas), Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina), Rob Portman (R-Ohio) and Cory Gardner (R-Colorado); and Reps. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and Steve Scalise (R-Louisiana).
Mr. Trump's two adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr., are also in the audience, according to CBS News' Major Garrett.
7:40 p.m. ET Mr. Trump's announcement Tuesday night will be almost a year after Justice Antonin Scalia's death, which was on Feb. 13, 2016. And it is almost 11 months after President Obama named Judge Merrick Garland as their nominee for the vacancy, which was on March 16, 2016.
7:33 p.m. ET With just half an hour to go until Mr. Trump's announcement, the president tweeted saying he'll be announcing their “VERY IMPORTANT DECISION”:
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 1, 2017
President Trump is expected the reveal the name of their first Supreme Court nominee at 8 p.m. ET in their first prime time address as president.
CBS News' Jan Crawford has reported that the president's choice came down to two men -- Neil Gorsuch of Colorado and Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania, both of whom are expected to be on hand for tonight's announcement. The two have very different backgrounds but are both considered solid conservatives. On Monday, Mr. Trump told reporters, “I think you will be very impressed with this person.”
Watch Trump's Supreme Court nominee announcement live on CBSN. Coverage begins at 7 p.m. ET
With degrees from Harvard and Oxford and establishment credentials, Gorsuch has a judicial philosophy modeled after Antonin Scalia, the justice they would replace.
Hardiman is blue collar. He's the first member of their family to graduate from college – Notre Dame, with honors – and they put themselves through Georgetown Law driving a taxi. They would be the only justice from outside the Ivy League.
In either case, the president should be ready for a nomination fight. After Senate Republicans refused to give Obama's pick, Merrick Garland, a hearing, Democrats have already promised to fight Mr. Trump's nominee.
Follow along for live updates on the president's announcement.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner listens to a question during a hearing of the Congressional Oversight Panel of the Troubled Asset Relief Program on Capitol Hill in Washington, April 21, 2009. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
(Reuters) - The Treasury Department will allow 10 banks to pay back Troubled Asset Relief Program funds, Bloomberg said, citing people familiar with the matter.
JPMorgan Chase & Co is one of the banks, the news agency said, citing an anonymous source.
The Treasury did not immediately respond to a Reuters email, seeking comment on the report, that was sent outside normal business hours.
The government conducted “stress tests” on the 19 largest U.S. banks to assess their exposure to risky real estate and other loans and to weigh how they might fare if economic conditions deteriorated.
Nine banks were considered healthy enough that they did not need to add more capital, while the other 10 were told they needed to fatten their capital cushions by a combined $74.6 billion. The results of the tests were released in May.
On Monday, the Federal Reserve said all 10 of the banks that were ordered to raise capital had come forward with plans that, if implemented, would raise the needed funds.
Sauer and Bako work outside a trailer with some of the 2 1/2 -month-old sturgeon inside at Riveredge Nature Center near Saukville. To see more photos, go to jsonline.com/photos. Credit: Mike De Sisti
By of the
Older than the Great Lakes and a companion of dinosaurs, the lake sturgeon has been staging a 10-year comeback after 135 million years of existence.
In the past century, overfishing and habitat destruction practically wiped the fish from local waters.
But a variety of efforts over the past decade has served to raise both the profile and sheer number of the prehistoric fish in Milwaukee, from a September festival celebrating the release of baby sturgeon into Lake Michigan to a new hands-on educational program aimed at giving area children more exposure to the "giant panda of the Midwest."
The fish are important because they make Lake Michigan a more resilient ecosystem, said University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee freshwater science professor Osvaldo Sepulveda Villet. And as bottom feeders, lake sturgeon can help manage environmental crises with aggressively invasive species such as zebra mussels and Asian carp, they said.
"This critter managed to live through the Ice Age, the last glacial period," said Mary Holleback, a senior naturalist at Riveredge Nature Center near Saukville. "And yet here humans, in less than 100 years, have managed to wipe them out almost worldwide."
Much of the action around sturgeon repopulation takes place at Riveredge, one of six DNR-partnered sites in Wisconsin that have raised, tagged and released hundreds of lake sturgeon into Lake Michigan every year for the past 10 years.
Mera Yi, a doctoral candidate at UWM, is developing a new K-12 curriculum around sturgeon that Riveredge will use starting later this fall for school field trip groups.
It includes components such as taking schoolchildren to the center's stream-site trailer to hold and feed the prehistoric baby fish, which develop sharp, bony plates on their backs and sides instead of scales.
"(I'll) push the dinosaur aspect, because that's cool," they said.
For older high school students, Yi said, the curriculum will show how careers can be applied to saving lake sturgeon. Engineers fly drones over Lake Michigan to track tagged fish, they said, and software developers could create new ways of live-streaming sturgeon-rearing facilities to school classrooms.
"You don't really understand until you walk a trail or touch the fish, until you have exposure," Yi said.
Repopulation at Riveredge
Riveredge's efforts to raise sturgeon culminate in late September, when the center sponsors a sturgeon release party at Lakeshore Park: Sturgeon Fest.
By mid-July, Riveredge's annual batch of sturgeon — split into four raceways of 800 specimens each — have grown to 1 to 3 inches long. Eventually, the sturgeon could grow to be 7 feet long.
It takes the species a quarter or more into their up to 125-year lives to reach reproductive maturity, according to Riveredge's Holleback. Even at the ripe age of 20 or 25, they'll only spawn every four to seven years.
That means when the DNR's 25-year repopulation project wraps up in 15 years, its inaugural releases will have only just begun to spawn.
"You could easily wipe out their population," Holleback said, "which is what happened."
Native legend has it that the primitive fish were once so abundant in some rivers that they could be used as steppingstones, Sepulveda Villet said.
But Lake Michigan's population was more or less wiped out by the beginning of the 20th century. On top of overfishing, sturgeon eggs were harvested for caviar. Dams blocked the fish from their traditional spawning beds, and rivers became sewage-choked and uninhabitable.
The sturgeon's charisma has helped attract attention to repopulation efforts. But providing cleaner water and more undisturbed lake habitat for the endangered sturgeon have a beneficial trickle-down effect for less intriguing flora and fauna, Sepulveda Villet said.
Announcement on FUJIFILM X−Pro2 firmware update to further enhance its performance
Fujifilm Corporation (President: Kenji Sukeno) has announced that it will release firmware update Ver. 2.0. for the FUJIFILM X-Pro2 rangefinder-style mirrorless digital camera in October 2016. With the firmware update, the FUJIFILM X-Pro2 and the new FUJIFILM X-T2 will stand side-by-side as “double flagship” X Series cameras.
Detail of the update includes
1. The new autofocus algorithm * that is implemented on the new FUJIFILM X-T2 to produce faster and more accurate autofocus will also be implemented on the FUJIFILM X-Pro2. * Excludes the new AF-C Custom Settings functions.
2. Compatibility with the new hot-shoe mount flash EF-X500. The camera will now be enabled with high-speed flash sync and multi-flash lighting. 3. AUTO POWER OFF will now have 15 sec, 30 sec, and 1 min. options, allowing more customizable power management. 4. The parallax correction function will be improved to provide a more accurate and easier-to-use Optical Viewfinder.
* The detail of the firmware is subject to change.
Planned release date: October, 2016
At PAX East 2013, Blizzard's big reveal wasn't a new MMORPG or expansion; it was upcoming digital free-to-play World of Warcraft-universe collectible card game (CCG), Hearthstone (PC, Mac, iPad). We caught up with Hearthstone Production Director Jason Chayes and Lead Designer Eric Dodds to ask a few questions about Blizzard's foray into digital CCG territory.
Is Hearthstone a digital CCG? TCG? Will there be trading? Will there be an auction house?
At the core of Hearthstone is a crafting system, so there's no traditional trading system. Players can disenchant their unneeded or unwanted cards down to arcane dust, and then use this dust to craft the cards they want to complete decks.
What kind of card design experience is the Hearthstone team bringing to the table on this project?
We're drawing upon many years of experience playing CCGs we love. Like the inspiration behind a lot of Blizzard projects, we asked ourselves – What are the games out there that we are most passionate about and how can we bring that passion to our own projects?
What is the competitive structure for Hearthstone?
When we were looking at creating the competitive structure for Hearthstone, we wanted to focus on a few core concepts. First, the game should be easy to learn but still provide advanced players with complexity and strategy. It needs to have high accessibility and longevity. So we've divided the competitive structure into two core areas:
Weekly League/Ladder. In this structure, players will advance through ranks on a weekly basis, from bronze to grandmaster rank. Players will be paired as they advance, and the rankings reset on a weekly basis. This will allow players to experiment with different heroes and decks each week rather than be locked into playing with just one strategy.
Forge. This is Hearthstone's take on draft/sealed deck play. Players entering Forge play will select a hero out of three possible options (There are 9 heroes planned for Hearthstone launch), and then they will be given a choice of three cards. They then select cards 30 times until a player has a deck of thirty cards to enter Forge play with, and players will play until they receive three losses. Players will cash out for prizes with five wins or more, with a cap on twenty wins for Forge participation. The structure is such that players with 15 wins will be facing another player with 15 or so wins, so going far in Forge can be very challenging.
Is there a way for players to earn cards in the game outside of purchasing packs?
The system is designed so that a non-paying player can acquire every card. Paying players will probably be able to obtain the things they're looking for faster, but there are no cards behind a pay gate. We were determined to make sure that we weren't putting things behind pay gates when we were forming the structure behind Hearthstone. Players will earn a certain number of packs every week just by playing a certain number of (league) games.
Will players be able to play with their friends? Will there be a single player campaign?
Hearthstone will be on Battle.net, so players on the Blizzard social system (RealID, etc) will be able to see each other playing Hearthstone and engage in friendly matches. There's also a single player practice mode, but the real focus of Hearthstone is PvP interaction.
Other than the lore angle, will there be any sort of integration with World of Warcraft or other Blizzard products?
There will probably be some World of Warcraft in-game rewards tied to Hearthstone play.
2013 is looking like an incredible year for digital CCGs, and we can't wait to see more of Blizzard's Hearthstone as it moves into beta and beyond.
A man in China is facing up to six months in prison after they climbed on top of their moving car and stood on the roof.
According to reports, the man surnamed Liu is suspected of drink driving.
Footage shows the moment they stood on top of the vehicle in Bengbu City, east China's Anhui province.
A suspected drink-driver is facing up to six months in prison after their actions
The man was caught on camera riding the white car and moving their arms around.
No one is thought to be driving the vehicle.
Two lorries can be seen driving past them as they continue to stand on it. The man seems to be completely unphased by the two lorries driving past him.
The man was caught on camera riding the white car and moving their arms around
At one point, as the car approaches a crossroads, they can be seen sat on the sunroof to operate the steering wheels with their feet.
However when they saw traffic police, they quickly jumped into the car and tried to flee.
According to reports, they accidentally drove into a dead end and was caught.
It's claimed that Liu made a successful deal with a business partner which was going to make them a lot of money.
They said they were excited.
Lenovo is today announcing a new range of smartphones that will be coming to the US later this year. The Phab 2 and Phab 2 Plus are updates of last year's Phab model and feature oversized 6.4-inch displays, metal construction, and low prices. But the most interesting member of the range is the Phab 2 Pro, which is the first consumer device with Google's Tango augmented reality technology.
The Phab 2 Pro is like the other Phab 2 models in that it has a very large 6.4-inch display and similar physical design. The Pro's screen is quad HD and the phone is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 652 processor (as opposed to the MediaTek chips in the Phab 2 and Phab 2 Plus). It has a 16-megapixel camera, 4GB of RAM, a fingerprint scanner, 4,000mAh battery, and all of the other features you'd expect on a modern Android smartphone.
But what sets the Phab 2 Pro apart is the Tango technology, which adds a wide-angle camera and special depth-sensing unit to the main 16-megapixel shooter. It's a shrunken down and improved version of the Tango camera array that's been available to developers in a tablet device for a couple of years, but it largely functions the same way.
Using the Tango features, the Phab 2 Pro can map out a physical space, track objects, and project virtual effects in a real-world space. Lenovo is demonstrating the technology with a variety of apps, including virtual reality-style shooting games; an educational app, made in partnership with the American Museum of Natural History; and a domino app that lets you set up Rube Goldberg-like contraptions with virtual pieces. Prior Tango demos have shown how it can be used to navigate an indoor space or provide contextual information based on the object it is looking at.
In a brief demo of the new device, I was able to try out a handful of applications. They worked as advertised — eventually — but are very basic at this point (and extremely buggy). Lenovo says that there will be about 25 apps ranging from games to location-based apps to utilities in a special app store on the device when the phone launches this summer, and it expects 100 apps to be available by the end of the year. The device will also be used by Lowe's home improvement stores to demo furniture, flooring, and other things one might want to see in their home before purchase. (You'll actually be able to buy the Phab 2 Pro from Lowe's, as well.)
The Phab 2 Pro is a significant milestone in the development of Tango, as it is the first device that will be available for consumers to purchase and use. But it is still an early example of the technology, and the enormous size of the Phab 2 Pro keeps it relegated to niche interests. It's likely that later generations will be smaller and more streamlined, as is typical with technology development. I'm not yet convinced that this technology is worth hefting around a giant 6.4-inch phone, but it will likely be much more compelling once it's in an even smaller device.
You'll be able to get the Phab 2 lineup directly from Lenovo and select retailers in September. The Phab 2 will cost $199, while the Phab 2 Plus will sell for $299 and the Phab 2 Pro will retail at $499. We'll have more on the Phab 2 Pro and the rest of the lineup once we have spent some time with final production units.
Video by Mark Linsangan
Neymar's four-game ban was not just the result of what we saw on the field of play. Based on what we have managed to learn from within the Brazil camp at the Sheraton Santiago Hotel, the match report reveals that the player hurled a tirade of abuse at the Chilean referee who oversaw the game between Brazil and Colombia, Enrique Osses. However, things did not get physical, even though the star was at boiling point.
"You want to make yourself famous at my expense, you son of a b**ch", Neymar said to the ref after hanging around for them in the tunnel. "He was waiting for me and insulted me, calling me a son of a b**ch", wrote the official in their report.
The four-game ban is therefore more a consequence of this incident which we did not see than what we did see when they kicked the ball at Pablo Armero, attempted to headbutt Jeison Murillo and the ruckus which followed. CONMEBOL, meanwhile, assured that their punishment could easily have been more severe.
Aberto Lozada, a member of the CONMEBOL Disciplinary Committee, said the following: "Based on what the report says, it was premeditated, waiting for the referee in the tunnel and insulting him. Their punishment could have been harsher. They got off lightly."
The House cyber-security bill that rang alarm bells throughout the civil liberties community when first proposed last year has made a troubling comeback. CISPA (the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act), which allows the National Security Agency and the military to collect your private Internet records, is being reintroduced in the House Wednesday.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Mich., and ranking member Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Md., will reintroduce the legislation, which passed the House last year but faced serious opposition over privacy concerns. The co-sponsors had planned to amend the bill to address concerns, but according to reports, it's the same old CISPA. Via the ACLU:
Advertisement:
That's right, the same bill that allows companies to turn over your sensitive internet records directly to the NSA and the Department of Defense without requiring them to make even a reasonable effort to protect your privacy. The same bill that lets the government use the information it collects for cybersecurity purposes "to protect the national security of the United States"—a concept that is, of course, undefined and incredibly expansive. Here we are, ten months later, with a much-deserved veto threat from the administration, a smarter Senate alternative, and an Executive Order that will address part of the information-sharing issue—yet the House starts with the same old privacy-busting bill as before.
CISPA's stated purpose is to aid government, especially the intelligence community, in investigating cyber threats and ensure the security of networks against cyberattack, especially those emanating from countries like China and Iran. However, privacy concerns arose from the fact that the legislation entails companies potentially handing over users' private information and browsing histories to the government. Online activist Aaron Swartz, who committed suicide last month facing trumped up federal charges, once called CISPA akin to "the Patriot Act of the Internet." They told Russia Today, “The thing about this bill is it doesn't really have any protections against cyber threats ... All it does is make people share their information. But that's not going to solve the problem. What's going to solve the problem is actual security measures, protecting the service in the first place, not spying on people after the fact.” Michelle Richardson echoed these concerns on the Hill last year when the bill was first proposed:
The very definition of what can be shared is incredibly broad, and includes sensitive and private information such as the content of emails or a person's Internet use history. Companies are not required to even make an effort to disentangle sensitive but unnecessary information from the technical and useful data that government might really need. Second, the bill allows companies to choose which government agency to share the information with, including the National Security Agency or other element of the Department of Defense. It is a long-held American value that the military doesn't operate on U.S. soil against Americans, and allowing the NSA and DOD to collect information on average Americans turns that value on its head.
Recent cyber-attacks on the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal believed to emanate from China have stoked fears expressed for some months by the Obama administration that the U.S. is vulnerable to potentially serious threats. Leon Panetta last year warned that the country could face a “cyber-Pearl Harbor," with crucial infrastructure vulnerable to attack. Panetta had urged CISPA be passed.
It is also believed that President Obama may pass an executive order this week, which calls for the creation of new standards on what private-sector companies must do to protect their computer systems from a cyber-security breach.
The 2014 Vinyl reissue sounds great. Way better than the CD or MP3, but I cant help but feel it's missing some dynamics. It has a very up front and center sound stage and while it if defined and clear and I can pick out every instrument and it flows very nicely. Bruce's voice isn't as up front as I would like (still sounds amazing though), and the bass drum is a little drowned out. The pros are that the cymbals don't just sound like sounds. It actually sounds like sticks are hitting them, and the bass guitar comes through very strong. It feels more realistic. It sounds less like sounds forming a song and more like people using instruments and playing a part to create these songs, if that makes sense. Does it sound as good as the original? No. But is it worthy of a buy if you don't have an original copy? Hell yes. The only ones that beat it are an original Japanese pressing or UK pressing. But since those go for quite a bit of money, this is your best bet.
Packaging- 10/10
Vinyl Quality- 10/10
Sound Quality - 8/10
The U.A.W. Ford vice president, Jimmy Settles, said in a statement: “There is no higher authority than the membership. Through a fair and democratic process U.A.W.-Ford members have delivered job security and strong economic gains for their families and communities.”
With the agreement in danger, Mr. Settles had taken the unusual step on Wednesday of holding a news conference, warning workers that the union was unlikely to get an improved deal if the first one was rejected. They also suggested that Ford could pull back plans to invest $9 billion in the United States.
John Fleming, Ford's executive vice president for global manufacturing and labor affairs, said in a statement: “This agreement provides a good foundation for Ford Motor Company, our employees and our communities as we work together to create an even stronger business in the years ahead.”
Some Ford workers wanted more.
“In four years, the contract will be null and void, so to me it's still a two-tier agreement with no cap on entry levels,” said Eric Truss, an employee of Ford's Dearborn Diversified Manufacturing Plant in Dearborn who voted against the tentative pact with the automaker.
Sharon Bell, who works at a General Motors transmission plant in Warren, Mich., said she, too, had voted against the pact with G.M.
“I'm not excited about it — there's nothing great about it for the veteran workers,” said Ms. Bell, who said they had worked for General Motors since 1975. “I stopped getting raises over 10 years ago, so you're not doing me any favors by giving me 3 percent.”
In the case of G.M., the union defended the ability of a minority of its members to hold up ratification. “Since its inception, the U.A.W. has put in place a process to ensure that minority groups have a voice,” the union said.
ATLANTA, Georgia -- The Atlanta Hawks made some significant changes this season, but Cavaliers coach Mike Brown feels like they know exactly what to expect from any team run by general manager Danny Ferry and new coach Mike Budenholzer.
Brown worked for Ferry in Cleveland and all three of them were in San Antonio together with Gregg Popovich.
"Again, when you have a guy like Bud as the head of the snake, along with Danny, you're going to get good results if you've got a good team behind you and they've got a good, veteran team that understands what it takes to win,'' Brown said Friday noon after shootaround at Philips Arena. "They're playing good basketball on both ends of the floor, especially offensively. They're doing a great job of sharing the ball, and that's something they brought from San Antonio to here.''
Atlanta entered Friday night's game against the Cavs with a 10-10 record using two starters who weren't here last season -- DeMarre Carroll and Paul Millsap, former Utah teammates signed as free agents last summer. But Brown thinks Ferry and Budenholzer were looking for specific kinds of players when they built their team.
"You talk about two guys who have been in winning organizations most of their careers, that's where it starts,'' Brown said. "They've made a lot of changes, but they have a lot of guys who are in their prime that have won basketball games. Jeff Teague has played in the playoffs and won basketball games. [Al] Horford has played in the playoffs and won games. Millsap has played in the playoffs and won games. [Kyle] Korver has played in the playoffs and won games.
"You can go down the line and know that this team is used to winning. They may have some new guys, but the new guys that have come in understand what winning's about. That's the one thing that we as a young team are searching for, because we have not won in the last three years. It makes a huge difference when you know how to win on the road especially, but at home, too, because that can get you over the hump a lot of times.''
Korver, incidentally, can break the NBA record for 3-pointers in consecutive games if they make one tonight against the Cavs. They currently are tied with Dana Barros at 89.
Probable starting lineups: Cavs -- F Tristan Thompson, F Alonzo Gee, C Andrew Bynum, G C.J. Miles, G Kyrie Irving. Hawks -- F DeMarre Carroll, F Paul Millsap, C Al Horford, G Kyle Korver, G Jeff Teague.
Injuries: Cavs -- None. Hawks -- None.
Officials: Danny Crawford, David Guthrie, J.T. Orr
Up next for Cavs: Vs. Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday at The Q
There is chaos and weirdness and melodrama, and then there is what happened at the end of Stage 4 of the Tour de France. A mostly boring stage experienced an impactful turn of events in the last 300 meters, yielding the defining moment of the event's first week — a high-speed crash that sent Mark Cavendish to the tarmac with a race-ending broken shoulder and controversially got reigning World Champion Peter Sagan an ejection from the Tour. Here, based on a close examination of video evidence and some healthy creative license, contributor Peter Flax imagines a sort of oral history of those final 300 meters to the finish line in Vittel.
Andre: Three hundred meters to go. Not quite time. Jurgen is pulling nicely.
Jurgen: This feels so horrible. I wish someone would come around me and start this thing.
Mark: Patience, Manxman, patience.
Arnaud: Not yet. It is not quite time to show my panache.
Peter: Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world, I feel like I can't take it, and my heart is just going to cave in.
Nacer: Soon, champ, soon.
Alexander: Now! It is time to take over this puny 207-kilometer bike race.
Andre: That dude is always impatient in short races. Whatever — it's on!
Alexander: Legs feel good. I'll show everyone I'm not too heavy.
Jurgen: Thank god I can pull off now.
Arnaud: Interesting — the whole right side of the road is wide open.
Mark: That looks like the wheel to grab today.
Peter: Ooh, Demare looks strong. I should get that wheel.
Nacer: Why is everyone going right? If Arnaud chops me again, I'm going to need extra time with the heavy bag tonight.
Andre: If Nacer thinks he's going to get Alexander's wheel, he's got something coming. Why can't these guys just hold a line?
Alexander: I think I might have hit this too soon.
Arnaud: Still more room right. Let's do this for the forlorn French masses.
Mark: This is great. I've got this wheel and there's still tons of room.
Peter: I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floatin' around accidental-like on a breeze, but I, I think maybe it's both.
Alexander: Crap, that erratic French guy put their helmet on me and took my wheel.
Arnaud: Now there's no way anyone can pass along the barriers. Go time.
Mark: There's still tons of room.
Peter: Arnaud just nudged left. He's gonna drag me to a win.
Mark: Man, I hope Peter slides left a bit, too. I think there's still room.
Arnaud: Let me tuck in behind this husky Katusha guy for a sec and then win this thing.
Nacer: Wait, now he's pushing me left? This guy's going to chop me again. Merde! I will have to bang my handlebar extra hard.
Mark: I still think there's room.
Peter: Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. (Pause in internal dialogue. Sensors detect a brake hood in quadrant six and an aero MET helmet on right shoulder. Systems enact four-dimensional evasive action.)
Ben: I really wish I was on the other side of the road.
Mark: Crap. There's no room. Now I'm going to take us both down.
Silence on the stage as Sagan's internal gyroscopically based vestibular balance system makes hundreds of minor adjustments, including a reflexively raised right elbow, to avoid crashing into barrier at 70 kilometers per hour.
Mark: Ouch. These barriers hurt like a mother!
Ben: Crap.
John: What they said.
Ben: Why is that green Cervelo…
John:…sliding across the pavement?
Ben: Maybe I can squeeze…oof. Ouch.
John: What they said.
Alexander: What the hell is going on back there? I can't believe I'm still leading this thing.
Arnaud: I guess I have a lane straight ahead but I feel like going left now. This Katusha guy isn't going to win but he's a diesel.
Andre: Now they're coming back to the center of the road? What a bunch of jokers.
Nacer: How the hell did Peter not go down? Grab that wheel, champ. UCI points are UCI points.
Mark: Rolf is going to go ballistic. I wish that guy would get on Twitter and defend me. That way that elbow that came out as I ran into Peter's ass at 70 kph along the barrier really pisses me off.
Peter: I wonder who that was. I hope he's okay. Also, I'm psyched to eat some Haribo.
Andre: I can't hold this wheel. So frustrating. This is too irregular for my liking.
Mark: The pavement never gets any softer. Argh.
Alexander: Keep driving to the line. With French guys, you never know.
Peter: Beauty is truth, truth beauty — that is all.
Arnaud: This win is all mine. I hope my helmet is on straight. I am so glad nothing will overshadow this great moment.
In 2007, and with that same nauseating arrogance that has come to define him, then presidential candidate Barack Obama duplicitously quipped, “I am absolutely convinced that culture wars are just so '90s. Their days are growing dark.”
Dark, indeed. America's soon-to-be cultural-Marxist-in-chief would then spend the greater part of a decade waging war against our nation's Judeo-Christian culture and heritage at levels, and in ways, unseen in our storied history. Today, their anti-Christian crusade continues unabated. In fact, and with less than two years left to complete their baleful conspiracy, this neo-pagan extremist has begun to rapidly accelerate their unravelings.
Chief among their targets for destruction are conservative and Christian organizations and individuals who pose a threat to their envisaged “fundamental transformation” of our once-Judeo-Christian nation. The Obama vision? A godless, Euro-socialist dystopia crafted in their own secular-humanist self-image.
We're well on our way.
Still, even the president of the United States, alone, cannot destroy an entire nation from within. Their sinister (yes, sinister) objective of a Christ-less society (Jesus is the real target here) is shared by many who, like Obama, labor under the darkest of spiritual deceptions.
To accomplish the larger “progressive” dream of unmaking America, this man, this cagey figure of whom we still know very little, finds themselves flanked by powerful comrades in arms – by hundreds of equally extremist and very well-funded anti-Christian groups.
That's why I was so encouraged this week to see one of America's largest and most effective mainstream Christian organizations fighting back. The Mississippi-based American Family Association (AFA) has developed and released a tremendous resource for the fair-minded American public. It's an interactive “Anti-Christian bigotry map,” which identifies “more than 200 groups and organizations that openly display bigotry toward the Christian faith.”
The AFA has also announced that it will be monitoring these anti-Christian segregationists' activities, reporting on those activities to the general public and further warning the tens of millions of Christian Americans of specifics relative to their radical campaign of religious cleansing.
“The website www.afa.net/bigotrymap includes an interactive map that identifies groups whose actions are deeply intolerant of the Christian religion,” notes AFA. “Their actions, for example, have endorsed efforts to silence Christians and to remove all public displays of Christian heritage and faith in America.”
Among the over 200 anti-Christian organizations exposed by the Christian watchdog group are some of the most strident atheist, humanist and “LGBT” extremist outfits in America. The ironically named Human Rights Campaign (HRC), for example, is listed among them. The HRC's co-founder is accused homosexual pedophile Terry Bean. They were arrested a few months ago for allegedly raping a 15-year-old boy.
Another of the more high-profile groups listed is the hard-left Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). The SPLC's propagandist activities have been linked by the FBI to anti-Christian domestic terrorism (something I long ago predicted would happen).
Also on the list are the Freedom From Religion Foundation, the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network (GLSEN) and many more.
“A common practice of these groups is threatening our nation's schools, cities and states,” said AFA President Tim Wildmon.
“By threat of lawsuit, they demand that prayer be removed from schools and city council meetings, that Ten Commandments monuments be stricken from courthouses, and that memorial crosses be purged from cemeteries and parks,” they added.
“Families and businesses that express a Christian worldview on social issues often face vicious retaliation from anti-Christian zealots, and it's time to call them out for their intolerance,” urged Wildmon. “Because of anti-Christian bigotry private business owners have been sued and forced to close their businesses.”
AFA is warning Christian Americans to be vigilant in that some associated with the 200-plus anti-Christian groups have actually “committed violent crimes against Christians and faith-based groups,” and that “physical and profane verbal assaults against Christians” have been, and continue to be, regularly used as “angry methods of intimidation.”
In 2012, for instance, SPLC supporter and homosexual activist Floyd Lee Corkins entered the Washington, D.C., headquarters of another of America's largest mainstream Christians organizations, the Family Research Council (FRC), armed with a gun and a backpack full of ammunition. They also had 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches they intended to smear in the faces of FRC employees after they slaughtered them all (FRC had recently defended the food chain's COO, Dan Cathy, for pro-natural marriage statements).
Thankfully, Corkins' designs on mass murder were thwarted by FRC facilities manager and security specialist Leo Johnson. As Corkins shouted disapproval for FRC's “politics,” they shot Johnson who, despite a severely wounded arm, managed to tackle Corkins and disarm him. (Of course, this is all impossible as it's illegal in Washington, D.C., to carry a concealed weapon.)
Of Johnson's actions, D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier said, “The security guard here is a hero, as far as I'm concerned.”
No doubt.
Court documents and FBI evidence later revealed, as many had suspected, that the SPLC was, while indirectly so, at least to some degree complicit in this particular act of anti-Christian terrorism. Corkins had used, and confessed to having been incited by, the SPLC's anti-Christian propaganda.
Thankfully, the SPLC, the HRC and hundreds more of these anti-Christian organizations are now being called out and held accountable. Understandably, they've begun scrambling for damage control. They're on the defensive.
And yet they continue to defend the indefensible.
It was a game that, in the recent past, would have filled the student section.
No. 5 Oregon was in Tucson to take on Arizona and, despite consecutive home losses and a 6-4 record for the Wildcats, the Ducks and their lightning-quick offense were a pretty attractive draw.
But come kickoff, Arizona's 9,000-seat student section -- which provides seats from endzone to endzone along the home team's sideline -- was looking anemic. At the start of the third quarter, Arizona had built a 28-9 halftime lead in a huge upset bid over Oregon, which had only lost four of its last 42 conference games.
By the time Arizona officials stopped scanning student tickets into the game after the second-half kickoff, only 3,773 were accounted for, in a home game featuring a Heisman Trophy candidate, Ka'Deem Carey, against a rival.
The students finally came. By the time Arizona pulled off the 42-16 stunner, 5,000 more students had made the short walk from their dorms, ensured of being entertained. Sororities and fraternities joined the crowd, ready to storm the field and dismantle the goalposts. But if there's lack of interest for a game like this one, what does that say about the rest of the schedule?
Arizona sold 10,376 student season tickets this year. But 47.6 percent of those students, for an average game, didn't even show up.
It's not just happening at Arizona. It's an issue everywhere. Despite the NCAA celebrating an overall attendance record due to an increased number of programs, crowds topped out at an average of 46,456 fans per game in 2008, with attendance for FBS schools dropping below 46,000 per game for the past five seasons. But even more alarming: In analyzing the demographics of the college football crowd, athletic directors and marketers alike have been most baffled by the student population.
ESPN.com approached some of the biggest college football programs and asked them to volunteer their ticket data. How many tickets did program sell? How many students actually showed up? And why didn't students feel like showing up?
"We have to solve this because we are talking about the season ticket-holders of tomorrow," said Oklahoma athletic director Joe Castiglione. "But interests and attitudes are changing so rapidly it's not easy to quickly identify what we need to do."
Oklahoma is in the midst of the longest sellout streak in history. Its 92-game streak has easily surpassed the stretch from 1971-1984 when the school sold out 69 consecutive games. Its stadium seats 10,000 more fans today than when that streak began.
But a look at the student section tells a different story. Oklahoma sells more than 8,000 student season tickets each year, which represents roughly a third of its student population in Norman. The school gives students time to claim their tickets -- which come at a 76 percent discount to the regular price -- during the week leading up to a home game, and if they aren't claimed by that Friday, they go back into a pool and are sold to the general population.
The average number of students that showed up to its home games on Saturday this season was 5,752, meaning that, on average, 28 percent of the student tickets weren't used on gameday. And that's for a team that was 10-2 this season.
For students, there wasn't just one issue.
The most common complaints included restrictions on tailgating at the stadium, or the quality of presentation of the games on television compared to the sight lines and breaks in the action at the stadium. Fans of the worst teams complained that the games weren't competitive enough, yet so did did fans of the best teams. One thing that wasn't an issue? Ticket prices, as most are either free or heavily subsidized.
This year, the University of Michigan drew the most fans of any school for the 16th year in a row. But 26 percent of students who paid for their tickets didn't show up at an average home game this season. That's an increase from 25 percent last year and 21 percent in 2011.
Not only did Michigan have more no-shows, they also only sold 19,850 student season tickets, about a 10 percent drop from the year before. Michigan added a $7.50 fee to each ticket this season to support student programs and also took away senior reserved seating in favor of a general admission policy which contributed to fewer people buying tickets.
Hoping to slow the slide, Michigan sent out a questionnaire to students at season's end, asking them why they might not have been happy with the stadium experience.
Adam Stillman, a senior at Michigan who attended all but one of the team's home games this year, shared their answers with ESPN.com. How they prioritized their answers might scare administrators, many of whom have looked to Wi-Fi connectivity as the answer to attracting younger fans. Stillman ranked sitting with friends, sitting close to the field, the outcome of the game, tailgating, the student section atmosphere, food specials and entertainment before the importance of Wi-Fi.
"I've kind of accepted that I'm not getting reception in and around Michigan Stadium," Stillman said. "The problem is in all the other areas. There's nothing to do while I'm waiting online for an hour to get into the stadium, and there's little added value from being in the stands watching the game."
As the business of college football grew, many schools began moving student sections into some of the worst seats in order to make boosters happy in prime seats. But as student crowds at some schools started to fade, athletic department officials at those schools began to understand that if they didn't get the students in the building while they were at school, they might not get their money in the future.
Perhaps no school understands this more than the University of Miami. Faced with the challenge of playing at a stadium located 20 miles from its campus, the school this year elected to give the students better seats, moving them from behind the endzone to behind the visiting bench. How does that make financial sense when student tickets are free?
"If the seats are filled, our product looks better on television and the coordination effect within the marketplace and PR perception within recruiting will eventually make our game-day product more attractive to consumers," said Chris Freet, the school's senior associate athletic director for communications, marketing and sales.
Freet said the school is working harder than ever before to make coming to games an important part of going to the school.
"We spend a great amount of time in the summer and the fall working on the first-year student," Freet said. "We want them to understand that athletics is a big part of college life at Miami and make sure that their first experiences are entertaining. If you get off on the right foot, hopefully they become a fan and matriculate to a season-ticket-holder after graduation."
Success, or lack thereof, on the field obviously plays an important role. For years, Iowa's student section capacity was steady at 10,400 students per game. But this year after going 19-19 in games from 2010-2012, the school only sold 7,500 tickets and an average of 30 percent of those students didn't show up for the games. In the middle of the season, Iowa closed off two sections of the stadium previously occupied by students and began selling those tickets to the general public. Only half the student tickets purchased for the game against Michigan, which happened during the school's Thanksgiving break, were used.
As a 54-year-old action hero, Tom Cruise has a few tricks up their sleeves: elevator shoes, and a snazzy little spiritual practice known as Scientology. Much like Motorola Sidekicks and Juicy Couture zip-ups, L. Ron Hubbard's controversial church appeared to peak in the 2000s, thanks to a star-studded roster of worshippers. Despite boasting a theological doctrine that is at odds with both modern science and human reason, the house that Hubbard built has welcomed such luminaries as John Travolta, Christopher Reeve, and Will and Jada Pinkett Smith.
Unfortunately, like a celebrity marriage arranged by church officials, these relationships have almost unanimously led to messy breakups. In 2015, King of Queens actor and ex-church member Leah Remini went public about their own Scientology separation. Remini, whose “Operating Thetan 3” level in the institution allowed their access to secret L. Ron Hubbard documents, described their writings as “some crazy shit”, and started to cool off on the religion after Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise's uncomfortable wedding. But since Scientology prohibits members from talking to those of little faith, Remini feared the personal fallout caused by their departure. These fears came to fruition when Remini was quickly smeared by the Church of Scientology, which hand-delivered a packet of anti-Remini materials to 20/20 in preparation for the actor's big tell-all interview. Remini was forced to pick up the pieces of their reputation without the help of their newly estranged friends, many of whom chose to mirror the church's cold shoulder.
But among all of Remini's allegations, the most fascinating concerned Scientology's golden boy, Tom Cruise. “Being critical of Tom Cruise is being critical of Scientology itself,” they told 20/20 last year. “You are a person who is anti the aims and goals of Scientology. You are evil.” As countless fellow stars have jumped from Scientology's creepy, sinking ship, Cruise has stood by the religion, arguably to their own personal and professional detriment. Tom Cruise is the Kellyanne Conway of Scientology.
While Cruise is inarguably the celebrity face of the declining brand, he's mostly remained mum about all that thetan mumbo jumbo. Rare exceptions include a YouTube video of Cruise proselytizing among converts, which was shown at a 2004 International Association of Scientologists meeting. Over the course of the nine-minute video, Cruise reveals their cult-like dedication to the cause. “I think it's a privilege to call yourself a Scientologist, and it's something you have to earn, because a Scientologist does,” says a committed Cruise. “He or they have the ability to create new and better realities and improve conditions.” They add, “Being a Scientologist, when you drive past an accident, it's not like anyone else. When you drive past, you know you have to do something about it because you know you're the only one that can really help.”
Cruise's reticence about publicly discussing their not-so-private faith is most likely due to the fact that talking about Scientology makes them sound like a raving narcissist. Given the clear and present threat to their public image, it's hard to say why the actor was recently driven to break their silence. On the red carpet for their latest film, Jack Reacher 2: Never Go Back, Cruise opened up about Scientology. And unfortunately for both the star and their publicist, Cruise can never go back.
The actor's remarks, from calling Scientology a “beautiful religion” to boasting about being a member of the faith “for over 30 years,” can be most accurately characterized as glowing. “It's something that has helped me incredibly in my life,” they declared. “It's something, you know, without it, I wouldn't be where I am… I'm incredibly proud.” Unlike their Jack Reacher sequel, Cruise's relationship with Scientology has been closely watched and widely discussed. In the past, a more open, jumpier Cruise credited Hubbard's methods with helping them overcome their dyslexia. In return for this off-brand method of treatment, Cruise has apparently allowed the church to basically run their life.
According to the incendiary Scientology documentary Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief, the Church has continuously over-reached its non-existent boundaries with celebrity clientele. When Cruise's second wife, Nicole Kidman, attempted to distance their husband from the faith, they were allegedly labeled a “Suppressive Person” by Scientology head David Miscavige. The documentary claims that the religion proceeded to wage an all-out war against Kidman, tapping their phones and attempting to turn their children against them Miscavige allegedly tasked Marty Rathbun, formerly the second-highest-ranking official in the Church of Scientology, with the crucial task of dismantling the celebrity marriage. “I was to facilitate the breakup with Nicole Kidman,” Rathbun says in the film.
After Cruise and Kidman divorced in 2001, the star and their Church continued their search for a more compliant, and even more height-inappropriate partner. Cruise ultimately landed on Katie Holmes, theirs soon to be third ex-wife. Once Cruise and Holmes started going steady, the actor was assigned a Scientology handler to accompany them on press tours and monitor their interviews. The made-for-propaganda TV couple married in 2006 in a Scientologist wedding, with matchmaker extraordinaire Miscavige serving as Cruise's best man.
Like so many women attempting to ignore a glaring red flag, Holmes gave their husband's religion a shot but was reportedly overwhelmed by the intensity of both Cruise and their church buddies. When Cruise and Holmes split in 2012, it was amidst rumors that the star feared their husband was planning to ship their daughter Suri off to Sea Org—an elite training division of the Church that requires its members to sign a “billion-year contract.” According to the ensuing divorce deposition, when lawyers asked Cruise if Holmes left them “in part to protect Suri from Scientology,” Cruise first said they found the question “offensive” and that “there is no reason to protect my daughter from my religion,” before admitting, “Did [Holmes] say that? That was one of my assertions, yes.”
But while Holmes and Cruise ultimately agreed to disagree about the age of the universe and the legitimacy of psychiatry, Scientology has continued to differentiate their parenting styles to disastrous effect. While Holmes prefers a hands-on approach, including such adventures as picking Suri up from school and taking their outside, Cruise appears to parent exclusively from within the confines of their own home. The last time Cruise was photographed with their daughter Suri was around three years ago, when they took them to Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Florida. Cruise might have an original excuse for spurning their spawn, but their “divorced daddy takes you to Disney World routine” is downright cliché. According to an InTouch update from early June 2015, Cruise hasn't seen their ten-year-old daughter IRL since they were seven. “They used to Skype and text, but that trailed off drastically,” a source told the gossip mag. In other words, Cruise has more contact with Siri than Suri.
“Disconnection”—or the severing of all ties between a Scientologist and an “antagonistic person”—is a common theme within Scientology. According to the official Scientology website, this extreme practice is defined as when “all spiritual advancement gained from Scientology may well be lost because one is continually invalidated by an antagonistic person who wants nothing more than to do harm to the person. In order to resolve this situation, one either ‘handles' the other person's antagonism with true data about Scientology and the Church or, as a last resort, when all attempts to handle have failed, one ‘disconnects' from or stops communicating with the person.” In other words, Cruise may be under direct orders not to associate with Holmes and Suri, two well-known ex-members of the Church of Scientology.
While we do not know whether Cruise has entirely disconnected from their daughter, the InTouch report concluded with the frightening observation that “Tom eats, breathes and sleeps Scientology”—a notion that their latest comments seem to corroborate. Given Cruise's inability to make any statement about Scientology that doesn't sound like Stockholm Syndrome, it's difficult to suss out just how deeply their ties to the church go. Then again, if Holmes's rumored five-year divorce clause against publicly discussing Cruise or Scientology is actually a thing, there's still hope for an upcoming tell-all. It might be too late for Tom Cruise, but Katie Holmes's explosive memoir could very well save 2016.
Microsoft released an emergency Windows update on Sunday after revealing that one of its trusted digital signatures was being abused to certify the validity of the Flame malware that has infected computers in Iran and other Middle Eastern Countries.
The compromise exploited weaknesses in Terminal Server, a service many enterprises used to provide remote access to end-user computers. By targeting an undisclosed encryption algorithm Microsoft used to issue licenses for the service, attackers were able to create rogue intermediate certificate authorities that contained the imprimatur of Microsoft's own root authority certificate—an extremely sensitive cryptographic seal. Rogue intermediate certificate authorities that contained the stamp were then able to trick administrators and end users into trusting various Flame components by falsely certifying they were produced by Microsoft.
"We have discovered through our analysis that some components of the malware have been signed by certificates that allow software to appear as if it was produced by Microsoft," Microsoft Security Response Center Senior Director Mike Reavey wrote in a blog post published Sunday night. "We identified that an older cryptography algorithm could be exploited and then be used to sign code as if it originated from Microsoft. Specifically, our Terminal Server Licensing Service, which allowed customers to authorize Remote Desktop services in their enterprise, used that older algorithm and provided certificates with the ability to sign code, thus permitting code to be signed as if it came from Microsoft."
The exploit, which abused a series of intermediate authorities that were ultimately signed by Microsoft's root authority, is the latest coup for Flame, a highly sophisticated piece of espionage malware that came to light last Monday. Flame's 20-megabyte size, its extensive menu of sophisticated spying capabilities, and its focus on computers in Iran have led researchers from Kaspersky Lab, Symantec, and other security firms to conclude it was sponsored by a wealthy nation-state. Microsoft's disclosure follows Friday's revelation that the George W. Bush and Obama administrations developed and deployed Stuxnet, the highly advanced software used to set back the Iranian nuclear program by sabotaging uranium centrifuges at Iran's Natanz refining facility.
The emergency update released by Microsoft blacklists three intermediate certificate authorities tied to Microsoft's root authority. All versions of Windows that have not applied the new patch can be tricked by the Flame attackers into displaying cryptographically generated assurances that the malicious wares were produced by Microsoft.
Microsoft engineers have also stopped issuing certificates that can be used for code signing with the Terminal Services activation and licensing process. The ability of the licensing mechanism to sign untrusted code that linked Microsoft's root authority is a mistake of breathtaking proportions. None of Microsoft's Sunday night blog posts explained why such design was ever allowed to be put in place. A description of the Terminal Services License Server Activation refers to a "limited-use digital certificate that validates server ownership and identity." Based on Microsoft's description of the attack, it would appear the capabilities of these certificates weren't as limited as company engineers had intended.
"This is a pretty big goof," Marsh Ray, a software developer for two-factor authentication company PhoneFactor, told Ars. "I don't think anyone realized that this enabled the sub CA that was present on the licensing server to have the full authority of the trusted root CA itself."
Microsoft's mention of an older cryptography algorithm that could be exploited and used to sign code as if it originated from Microsoft evoked memories of an attack from 2008 to mint a rogue certificate authority that could be trusted by all major browsers. The attack in part relied on weaknesses in the MD5 cryptographic hash function that made it susceptible to "collisions," in which two or more different plaintext messages generated the same cryptographic hash. By unleashing 200 PlayStation 3 game consoles to essentially find a collision, the attackers could become a certificate authority that could spawn SSL (secure sockets layer) credentials trusted by major browsers and operating systems.
Based on the language in Microsoft's blog posts, it's impossible to rule out the possibility that at least one of the certificates revoked in the update was also created using MD5 weaknesses. Indeed, two of the underlying credentials used MD5, while the third used the more advanced SHA-1 algorithm. In a Frequently Asked Questions section of Microsoft Security Advisory (2718704), Microsoft's security team also said: "During our investigation, a third Certificate Authority has been found to have issued certificates with weak ciphers." The advisory didn't elaborate.
It's also unclear if those with control of one of the rogue Microsoft certificates could sign Windows software updates. Such a feat would allow attackers with control over a victim network to hijack Microsoft's update mechanism by using the credentials to pass off their malicious wares as official patches. Microsoft representatives didn't respond to an e-mail seeking comment on that possibility. This article will be updated if an answer arrives later.
Two of the rogue certificates were chained to a Microsoft Enforced Licensing Intermediate PCA. A third was chained to a Microsoft Enforced Licensing Registration Authority CA, and ultimately to the company's root authority. In addition to potential exploits from the actors behind Flame, unrelated attackers could also use the certificates to apply Microsoft's signature to malicious pieces of software.
A third Microsoft advisory pointed out that Flame so far has been found only on the machines of highly targeted victims, so the "vast majority of customers are not at risk."
"That said, our investigation has discovered some techniques used by this malware that could also be leveraged by less sophisticated attackers to launch more widespread attacks," Jonathan Ness, of Microsoft's Security Response Center, continued. "Therefore, to help protect both targeted customers and those that may be at risk in the future, we are sharing our discoveries and taking steps to mitigate the risk to customers."
DALLAS TWP. — For more than a century, the timber-frame bank barn on Dale Wilkie's farm has withstood anything Mother Nature could throw at it.
Snow, rain, the destructive forces of wind.
But now it appears the barn won't be able to survive a manmade situation.
The Atlantic Sunrise natural-gas pipeline is set to traverse 2,700 linear feet of Wilkie's property, and in its path stand old apple trees, a large American Chestnut and the barn itself.
When the pipeline comes through, the orchards and the two-story barn will be torn down due to a change in the proposed route that would have avoided Wilkie's barn.
Construction on the pipeline — which will move from Pennsylvania into five other states and will carry 1.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas a day — is expected to begin in the fall, pending permits from the state Department of Environmental Protection and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Officials with Williams Partners, which is building the pipeline, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which approved the project, say the route was altered to go through Wilkie's barn at their request.
Wilkie, however, said that's not entirely true. The result is a disagreement between Wilkie and Williams Partners over the replacement value of the barn, which is used for storage. The structure's value will be determined at a compensation hearing at a date to be determined, but Wilkie said he's received an estimate as high as $475,000.
A hard choice
As for the existing barn, Wilkie said they were left with two options: “Run the pipeline through the middle of my property and impact my entire farm, or run it along the road and lose my barn. It's a hard choice.”
Before their options were narrowed, they said, other routes offered would have avoided the barn and the middle of their 80-acre farm, but Williams wouldn't agree to the locations. Left with two choices, Wilkie said they agreed to have the pipeline go through their barn as long as Williams agreed to pay the replacement value.
According to project maps, the pipeline was re-routed from its original path — which would have avoided their barn — in 2015 after a neighboring property owner filed for the change with FERC.
Since then, the barn has been taken under eminent domain by Williams. The company recieved the authority to seek eminent domain after FERC granted a certificate of public conveyance for the pipeline project.
“FERC told me in 2015 they were re-routing the pipeline through the middle of my farm, but I wouldn't agree to that,” Wilkie said. “There are wetlands behind my barn, so then it was to run it through the barn.”
Tamara Young-Allen, a spokesperson for FERC, said the pipeline route was changed because Wilkie suggested it.
“Dale Wilkie in the final (Environmental Impact Statement) indicated they seemed to be OK with the project going through their property and the barn,” Young-Allen said.
When asked why eminent domain was used to claim the barn if Wilkie was “OK” with the route, Young-Allen said it simply is part of the approval process.
“The commission found it was in the national interest to approve this project, and with that comes eminent domain,” they said.
Still, Wilkie said they were agreeable to the altered route only if they received replacement value for the loss of their barn.
“Why would I want the pipeline going through my barn?” they said. “They altered the route and I had to make a choice.”
Pole-barn option
Williams spokesperson Chris Stockton said more than 60 percent of the pipeline route has been changed based on feedback from landowners and other groups.
The pipeline will run from Susquehanna County through Wyoming County and the Back Mountain to eventually Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia.
Stockton said the change on Wilkie's property was approved by FERC “based on guidance from the landowner.” According to Stockton, Williams offered to build a pole-barn of the same size and functionality as the existing barn. They said the company determined a value of the existing barn and also offered to put aside the wood from the structure for Wilkie's use.
Williams will deconstruct the barn, but Wilkie said that's not good enough.
The existing barn is built with hand-hewn beams — some of which are chestnut — and fastened with wooden pegs going through mortise and tenon joints. They also replaced the structure's stone foundation with cement block and concrete.
A metal-pole building with no foundation doesn't replicate the barn they are losing, Wilkie said.
“I had an architectural firm look at my barn, and they said it would cost a minimum of $400,000 to duplicate it. Another local builder gave me an estimate of $475,000,” Wilkie said.
Stockton acknowledged there's a disagreement over the value of the barn and reiterated that Williams is “willing to provide a comparable barn elsewhere on the property.”
Barn not historic
Wilkie said they believe the barn dates to the 1880s and, in addition to repairing the foundation and installing a well, they were planning to continue refurbishing the structure. They said the barn was used by Oliver Ellsworth for a dairy operation decades ago, and the area is known as Chestnut Hill.
Stockton said the state Historic Preservation Office reviewed the route going through the barn and comfirmed that demolition of it would not adversely affect it as a historic structure. Stockton also said the barn isn't eligible for the National Register of Historic Places, a status that would save it from demolition.
Wilkie said they have other concerns with the pipeline route, including $24,000 in compensation they were offered for the 2,700 linear feet on their property, not including the value of the barn.
Stockton wouldn't confirm what Williams Partners pays individual landowners, but they said the company has paid much higher values than the appraised value because the company wants to maintain a positive, long-term relationship with those landowners.
The compensation hearing to resolve the dispute between Wilkie and Williams on the barn will be held on the state or local level and doesn't involve FERC, Young-Allen said. They also said Wilkie is an intervenor in an appeal of FERC's order that approved the route change, and the matter has yet to be heard.
In the meantime, Wilkie said he'll continue to push for what they think is fair compensation for their barn and property.
“I thought we could work together,” they said. “My mistake was I cooperated with them and let them do their environmental studies and survey my property. I learned it's best not to do that until they give you a price or option that you think is fair.”
The interior of a Dallas Township barn scheduled to be demolished for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. The barn, whis is more than a century old, features hand-hewn chestnut beams. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_barn1.jpg The interior of a Dallas Township barn scheduled to be demolished for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. The barn, whis is more than a century old, features hand-hewn chestnut beams. Tom Venesky | Times Leader A close-up of beams joined together by wooden pegs inside a Dallas Township barn scheduled to be demolished for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_barn2.jpg A close-up of beams joined together by wooden pegs inside a Dallas Township barn scheduled to be demolished for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. Tom Venesky | Times Leader This Dallas Township barn is scheduled to be demolished to make way for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline this fall. The owner of the barn is in a dispute with Williams Partners over compensation for the barn. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_barn3.jpg This Dallas Township barn is scheduled to be demolished to make way for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline this fall. The owner of the barn is in a dispute with Williams Partners over compensation for the barn. Tom Venesky | Times Leader Dale Wilkie looks at their Dallas Township barn, which is due to be demolished to make way for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_barn4.jpg Dale Wilkie looks at their Dallas Township barn, which is due to be demolished to make way for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline. Tom Venesky | Times Leader The image on the left shows Dale Wilkie's property lines (in blue) and two routes (in red) that they suggested for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline which would have avoided their barn. The image on the right is the approved alignment for the pipeline, which would take the project through Wilkie's barn. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Wilkiemaps2.pdf The image on the left shows Dale Wilkie's property lines (in blue) and two routes (in red) that they suggested for the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline which would have avoided their barn. The image on the right is the approved alignment for the pipeline, which would take the project through Wilkie's barn. Cortesy of Dale Wilkie's barn in Dallas Township is in the path of a proposed natural gas pipeline. https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_TTL081417pipelinebarn.jpg Dale Wilkie's barn in Dallas Township is in the path of a proposed natural gas pipeline. Sean McKeag | Times Leader Wilkie https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_Wilkie_Dale.jpg Wilkie Sean McKeag | Times Leader https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/web1_20170809_145453.jpg Sean McKeag | Times Leader
Property owner in dispute with gas co.
By Tom Venesky tvenesky@timesleader.com
Product Description
Single Stage Drop In Trigger
3lb pull weight. Small Pin 0.154″. Designed to be installed into any small pin AR lower receiver. Complete Drop-in Assembly. The trigger group comes as a pre-assembled housing and it drops into your gun easily and no gunsmith is required. Nice, crisp, clean feel.
These are the steps Velocity Triggers are taking to give to you the quality you deserve to deliver the next shot as if your life depended on it:
Every trigger is 100% made in America. EDM wire technology and all tool steel are used to precision manufacture the trigger, hammer and the disconnect. They are heat-treated to give you an exceptional lifetime of service. The housing for the trigger assembly is machined from 6061T6 billet aluminum. The housing is then green anodized to provide you with a lifetime of durability. The trigger is black oxide then hand polished to create the smoothness you desire from an exceptional trigger. The hammer and disconnect are treated with NP3 by Robar to give you the super smooth feel you expect from a high quality trigger.
Washington (CNN) After years of tensions between President Barack Obama and segments of the pro-Israel community, would-be successor Hillary Clinton is taking steps to reassure voters of their stalwart support for Israel.
Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination, last week sent letters to several top Jewish donors and community leaders expressing their staunch opposition to calls to boycott Israel and their hope to work with the recipients to fight attempts to isolate Israel, according to copies obtained by CNN.
The letter comes as pro-Israel activists and donors are increasingly alarmed that the boycott movement, which has swept through several European legislatures, is now gaining a foothold in the U.S. -- and as Republican presidential candidates are trying to seize on strains between the Obama administration and Israeli government to outflank Democrats on their support for Israel.
In the latest flare-up, the State Department released a statement criticizing a recently passed trade bill amendment -- seeking to prevent U.S. trading partners from joining Israel boycotts -- that raised concerns among many pro-Israel advocates of the Obama administration's commitment to countering the boycott calls.
Though supportive of efforts to stop the boycott movement, known as BDS, the statement objected to the amendment's language for not distinguishing between Israel and "Israeli-controlled territories," i.e. the West Bank.
The bulk of the BDS movement targets all of Israel, but some activists only seek to prevent trade with Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
"By conflating Israel and 'Israeli-controlled territories,' a provision of the Trade Promotion Authority legislation runs counter to longstanding U.S. policy towards the occupied territories," State Department Spokesman John Kirby said in the statement, pointing to U.S. opposition to settlements.
Obama signed the legislation despite the State Department statement, which was issued one day after the bill became law. But several American Jewish leaders were still troubled by the statement.
"I found it very disturbing and inappropriate," said Malcolm Hoenlein, executive vice chairperson of the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations.
They said the anti-boycott amendment in the trade legislation clearly had nothing to do with the U.S. policy opposing settlement activity and suggested he's not completely confident the Obama administration would play defense for Israel if a boycott targeted only at Israeli settlements came up.
Some in the Jewish community are wondering whether this is a sign of the White House making good on threats to back away from its staunch support of Israel in international forums after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's controversial comments during their election campaign this spring.
In the final days of the race, Netanyahu publicly wavered on their commitment to achieving a two-state solution and made incendiary comments about Arab voters -- on the heels of an address to Congress in which they railed against U.S. policy on Iran in defiance of the White House.
Afterward, Obama told Netanyahu the U.S. would have to "reassess" aspects of its relationship.
The Obama administration, however, insisted that its statement was simply intended to clarify U.S. settlement policy. "Nothing's changed about our policy of not supporting boycotts of the State of Israel," Kirby said at a briefing last week.
Beyond the boycott issue, the Netanyahu-Obama tensions have raised the prospect of the U.S. taking a stance at the U.N. less to Israel's liking.
A major test of this shift is expected this fall, when the French government is due to present a plan at the U.N. that -- if the U.S. abstains from using its veto -- would impose a timeline on Israel and the Palestinians to negotiate a two-state solution to their decades-old conflict, a measure Israel strongly opposes.
JUST WATCHED Hillary Clinton defends Bill not resigning Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH
That may be why Clinton also noted in their letter that a peaceful resolution "can only be achieved through direct negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians -- it cannot be imposed from the outside or by unilateral actions."
"She's coming very close to saying, 'I will not support the French initiative at the Security Council,'" said David Makovsky, who worked on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict at the State Department following Clinton's departure and is now with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
Clinton could be sending a signal to the Obama administration, Makovsky said, that they can't support that kind of effort and that it would hurt their campaign, which would put more pressure on Obama to stick to the U.S.'s traditional backing of Israel at the U.N.
In their letters, addressed to Hoenlein, major donor Haim Saban, Gerrald Silverman, president of the Jewish Federations of North America, and several others, Clinton said they looked forward to working together to oppose the boycott movement.
"I know you agree that we need to make countering BDS a priority," Clinton wrote. "I am seeking your advice on how we can work together ... to reverse this trend ... and fight back against further attempts to isolate and delegitimize Israel."
A little while ago I wrote about the annoying, frustrating and just plain horrible things that we put up with in order to get our precious video games years ago, but forgot thanks to time and nostalgia.
I think it would be really unfair if I didn't also talk about the stuff that truly WAS better back then. Turns out there's quite a lot! SUCH AS:
Hidden Content: Did you know that in order to get your game rated by the ESRB / PEGI / Whatever Ratings Board You're Dealing With you have to disclose any and ALL hidden content into the game, and failure to do so results in huge fines for everyone involved? This has led to a bit of a crackdown on hidden content making it into the final version, which…is kind of a shame, really. I enjoyed finding little hidden Easter eggs in games that the programmer thought not many people would find.
Plug ‘n' Play: I'm pretty sure that even though I haven't turned on my Atari 2600 in a few months I won't have to wait for it to check the internet for system updates before it takes me to a menu where I can choose the game I just put into the console, and then wait some more while the game installs a series of patches that came out for it. Call me crazy but I think just being able to play the game I want within seconds of turning the power on is a good thing.
New Discoveries: Because of the pioneering work done by many talented people, gaming went from being just Pong to dozens of genres, styles and interests within two decades. It seemed like every year there was a new thing that we discovered games could be about, and then the race was on to find the next new thing. Games like Pac-Man, Tetris, Sim City and Doom got big because there was nothing like them beforehand, not just because they were good.
Same couch Co-op: Someone excitedly told me the other day that the new Diablo lets them play multiplayer with someone else on the same console at the same time, like it was something crazy and wild and new. C'mon! Back in the day every two player game was just expected to offer that as standard. No online subscription, extra machine and television set required. And because it was standard, so many games could derive the gameplay from having a multiplayer focus. Can you imagine Spy Vs. Spy, Super Mario Kart or Pitstop 2 without someone next to you to battle against?
Focus: Maybe it's because we got so few games back then (unless you went to your local computer club) but it was common to spend a lot of time on a particular game because that's all you had. Now I open up Steam and see hundreds of games I keep buying but will never play, ever, no matter how many people tell me they're great.
Pay Once, Play Forever: Man, how steamed would I have been if they released extra characters for Street Fighter 2 Turbo for five bucks each? These days Downloadable Content and Game Of The Year Editions and Online Passes are just par for the course, and I wonder if in ten years new players will be able to enjoy any of it because the publisher's servers will have gone down years prior. I just want to buy a game and not worry if I'm missing anything by not ALSO buying some extra content I didn't know about.
Enthusiasm: Maybe I'm just a bitter old cynic, or maybe it's that my years spent in the proverbial sausage factory has ruined my sense of wonder, but I seem to remember gaming in the old days being more about having fun rather than worrying about frame rates or resolution or any of that nonsense.
No Stupid Stories: Do you remember the rich, deep and fulfilling story of Rainbow Islands? OH WAIT THERE WASN'T ONE yet another reason why Rainbow Islands is pretty much the best video game ever. Did you play the Xbox 360 Rainbow Islands game they released a few years back? It has a stupid story tacked onto the front and man that still makes me so mad, not every game needs a story for you to skip through.
Arcades Used To Be Cool: Yes, Arcades were typically a dimly-lit, smoke-filled basements filled with shiftless layabouts who just wanted to play video games instead of getting a job, but damn it, that's what made them great. Walk into an arcade now and they're all “family entertainment centres” with redemption machines and parent-friendly lighting and it's all been cleansed beyond all recognition.
The funny thing is that as I started writing this I expected the list to be a lot longer, but you know what? Many of the great things about the games we play as retrogamers – the ease of development, the cheap games, the simple visuals, the feeling that something great was just around the corner – can be found today in the indie / mobile gaming scene, and it's something that we really should be grateful for. So we're all winners!
In a report on the White House's plan to impose a 0.15pc fee on liabilities of banks with more than $50bn in assets in order to recoup money lost through the $700bn Troubled Assets Relief Programme, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) said the impact on banks would be "small".
"The cost of the proposed fee would ultimately be borne to varying degrees by an institution's customers, employees and investors, but the precise incidence among those groups is uncertain," said the CBO in a letter to Senator Charles Grassley, a leading member of the Senate finance committee.
The CBO went on to say that customers could face higher rates for borrowing and increased charges, while investors could face lower share prices. It added that employees may receive less compensation as banks attempt to pass on the fee.
The levy, which has yet to be legislated for, was intended to make major banks – not taxpayers - pay for state assistance throughout the financial crisis.
Launching the plan in January , President Obama said: "I'd suggest you might want to consider simply meeting your responsibilities and I'd urge you to cover the costs of the rescue not by sticking it to your shareholders or your customers or fellow citizens with the bill, but by rolling back bonuses for top earners and executives."
Getty Images
Dallas is considered a favorite to host the 2018 NFL draft, but actions in the state Capitol could change that.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott this week called for a special legislative session to consider a bill regulating bathroom use by transgender people in public buildings. When North Carolina passed a similar “bathroom bill,” it cost the state several sporting events, and the NFL says that bill could result in the league keeping the draft out of Dallas.
“If a proposal that is discriminatory or inconsistent with our values were to become law there, that would certainly be a factor considered when thinking about awarding future events,” NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy told the Dallas Morning News.
Abbott has previously criticized the NFL for saying such a law could cost Houston and Dallas the opportunity to host future Super Bowls.
North Carolina partially repealed its bathroom law after events including the NBA All-Star Game and NCAA Tournament were pulled from the state.
The 2014 BMW M3 goes to Nurburgring for another round of testing. The F80 M3 will be powered by an inline-six engine and according to our sources, the engine of choice is a newly developed 3.2 liter unit that is rated at 450 horsepower, but it could reach 480 horsepower with a new performance package.
The engine is mated to a double-clutch transmission 7-speed transmission, but we expect to see a manual transmission for U.S. customers.
In a previous conversation we had with BMW M CEO, Dr. Nitschke, we learned that the sporty division's goal for the iconic M3 was the reduction of weight. Therefore we expect the F80 M3 to be quicker than the current generation E90.
if (pl_is_mobile()) { ? } ?
The new M3 will debut at the 2013 Frankfurt Auto Show with sales starting in early 2014.
Post formats in WordPress are pretty cool. According to the Codex, “A Post Format is a piece of meta information that can be used by a theme to customize its presentation of a post.” In my mind post formats are to present content in a way that makes sense for a given format. For example, video posts should highlight the video. Or maybe link posts should link directly to the site you want your readers to see instead of the permalink for that article.
Here I'm going to take a look at creating different templates for specific formats.
First, I'll say that a good way to get started with post formats is just to enable the ones you want with the appropriate call to add_theme_support() 1 in your theme's functions.php file and customize them with CSS. If your theme takes advantage of the post_class() function to add classes to posts, each post will get a class in a style like “format-$format”, where $format is the name of the format — “format-gallery”, for example.
If you decide that you need to take it a step further and actually generate different HTML depending on the format, the following is a technique that I've used. Let's start by looking at the loop in index.php of the _s theme, available on Github.
<!--?php /* Start the Loop */ ?--> <!--?php while ( have_posts() ) : the_post(); ?--> <!--?php <br ?--> /* Include the Post-Format-specific template for the content. * If you want to overload this in a child theme then include a file * called content-___.php (where ___ is the Post Format name) and that will be used instead. */ get_template_part( 'content', get_post_format() ); ?>
The most interesting part of this is get_template_part( 'content, get_post_format() ) , which will look for a file with a name like “content-$format.php”. If no such file exists, it will fall back to “content.php”, which will be our default for post types that we're not going to specify special templates for.
If we think ahead a little bit we'll realize that all of our posts will probably share some common structure. In my case, I want the title to be displayed if one was specified, certain meta information should be displayed, and of course I want to display the content. So I'm going to create a file called “content-base.php” with that basic structure. Then in content.php, I'll basically just make a call to get_template_part() to include that base stucture.
In my v11 theme, “content.php” looks like:
>
Other Formats
Now we can create the templates for other formats just by adding the correct files. An example of my status format template looks like:
> echo ‘ ‘;
the_content();
echo ‘ ‘;
?>
In this case, content-meta.php just defines what meta information to display on a post.
Another example that reuses the base layout is my video format template:
> $video = get_post_meta( $post->ID, ‘_format_video_embed', true );
if ( !empty( $video ) ) {
$url = esc_url( $video );
if ( $embed = wp_oembed_get( $url ) )
echo $embed;
elseif ( !empty( $url ) ) {
printf( ‘ ‘, $url );
} else {
echo $video;
}
} get_template_part( ‘content-base' ); ?>
Again, there is some more complex stuff here — I use a custom field called “_format_video_embed” to define what video to use. But the general idea is that it displays a video and then just grabs the base structure.
#Tips for Links
A common way of implementing link posts is to grab the first link in the post and set that as the reference for the title link. I have a function in v11 that lets you grab the first link in a post. Then you can output that as the href in content-link.php instead of using the permalink.
if ( ! function_exists( ‘v11_url_grabber' ) ) :
/**
* Grab the first URL in a link post so we can use it as the href
/
function v11_url_grabber( $content ) {
if ( ! preg_match( ‘/<a\s[^>]?href=\'”[\'”]/is', $content, $matches ) )
return false;
return esc_url_raw( $matches[1] );
}
endif;
#WP Post Formats
As a final note, I like Crowd Favorite's WP Post Formats plugin. It gives you some nice looking meta boxes for interacting with custom fields on your post formats.
Supermarkets Treat Meat with Carbon Monoxide-Truth! & Fiction!
Summary of eRumor:
Supermarkets are sealing meat in airtight packages treated with carbon monoxide to help meat keep its bright red color for weeks.
The Truth:
It's true that supermarkets and food processors regularly package meat (and many more foods) with carbon monoxide to preserve the product's freshness and color.
But related claims that carbon monoxide in meat packaging allows products to be sold when they're no longer fresh, and that packages aren't clearly labeled, are false.
Rumors about supermarkets treating meat with carbon monoxide started circulating in 2006, which happens to be around the time that meat processors and supermarkets began using what's referred to as modified atmosphere packaging, or MAP.
The American Meat Institute says that packaging meat with carbon monoxide has been in use in the U.S. since 2006, and in Norway since about 1986, with no ill effects. Carbon monoxide added to the meat package eliminates oxygen, which leads to oxidation and loss of color in foods like meat and produce:
Red meat products are somewhat like sliced apples. Their color can change rapidly — even though the product is still safe and wholesome. In fact, retail stores oft en discount red meat products that have changed color but are still safe and wholesome — and well within their shelf life. These detrimental effects to foods, including apples and meat, are the result of chemical changes caused by oxygen. But by eliminating the oxygen from the package and adding minute amounts of carbon monoxide along with other protective gases to the headspace of the red meat packages, products like ground beef can maintain their appealing red color throughout their shelf life.
The FDA has classified carbon monoxide in food packaging systems as “generally recognized as safe.” The agency said that these MAP systems used to package meat often contain a mix of gases: carbon monoxide (0.4%), carbon dioxide (30%) and nitrogen (70%):
FSIS has no further questions regarding the suitability of the use of carbon monoxide, at levels up to 0.4 percent, in an inert atmosphere of helium, for treatment of fresh red meat products prior to vacuum packaging for retail. The meat sold using this packaging system must have a “Use by” date of 21 days after, directing the consumer to either use or freeze the contents by that date. In addition, to ensure that consumers are not misled about the freshness of meat treated with carbon monoxide, the statement “color is not an accurate indicator of freshness” is used in conjunction with the “use or freeze by date.”
So, it's true that supermarkets package meat with small amounts of carbon monoxide to retain the product's color for longer.
But it's not true that it allows products to be sold when they're no longer fresh (the sell by date was unchanged) and that the packages aren't clearly labeled (packages say “color is not an accurate indicator of freshness), so this one is misleading, too.
Almost nine years to the day after their previous full length release, The Note, Bane are set to release their fourth and final album Don't Wait Up next week. But don't let the word “final” scare you. The band told us they still have plenty of shows in them.
“We truly did throw our hearts into these songs and hope that you're going to like them,” Bane told us in a statement. “The plan is to tour heavily in the next year or two. We'd love to see some of you out there.”
“We are anxious and so excited to get this new record out there, and would like to thank Alternative Press for allowing us to stream it here a few days early.”
We know you're anxious and excited, too, so without further ado, stream Don't Wait Up below:
NORTH AMERICAN TOUR DATES:
May 09 Worcester, MA @ Palladium (upstairs) [CD Release Show]
May 23 Toronto, ON @ Hard Luck
May 24 Howell, MI @ Bled Fest+
May 25 Pittsburgh, PA @ Smiling Moose
May 26 Cleveland, OH @ The Foundary
May 27 Chicago, IL @ Beat Kitchen
May 28 Iowa City, IA @ Blue Moose
May 30 Denver, CO @ Marquis Theatre
May 31 Salt Lake City, UT @ Loading Dock
Jun 02 Seattle, WA @ El Corazon
Jun 03 Portland, OR @ Alhambra Theater
Jun 04 San Francisco, CA @ Thee Parkside
Jun 05 Los Angeles, CA @ Echo
Jun 06 Anaheim, CA @ Chain Reaction
Jun 07 Phoenix, AZ @ The Underground
Jun 09 Dallas, TX @ Club Dada
Jun 10 Austin, TX @ Red 7
Jun 11 Houston, TX @ Walter's Downtown
Jun 13 Orlando, FL @ Backbooth
Jun 14 Pembroke Pines, FL @ The Talent Farm
Jun 15 Jacksonville, FL @ Underbelly
Jun 16 Atlanta, GA @ Mammal Gallery
Jun 17 Wilmington, NC @ Ortons
Jun 18 Washington, DC @ DC9
Jun 19 Philadelphia, PA @ First Unitarian Church
Jun 21 Montebello, QC @ Amnesia Rock Fest+
Jun 22 Boston, MA @ Middle East Upstairs (matinee)
Jun 22 Boston, MA @ Middle East Upstairs (evening) [Sold Out]
As Seen on
Primo is a play-set that uses shapes, colours and spacial awareness to teach programming logic through a tactile, warm and magical learning experience. Primo makes an incredibly important, but otherwise uninteresting topic to children, enjoyable and fun.
The Play Set
Primo is a play set composed by 3 main items that combined create the Primo play experience.
1 • Cubetto a friendly robot.
2 • The board, a physical programming interface
3 • The code, a set of instruction blocks (Forward, Left, Right and Function)
How does primo work?
The goal of the game is to guide Cubetto to their destination, represented by a house, a big cube, or any other object of your choice.
The robot executes in sequence the instructions placed in the board. By playing with Primo, children experiment with the queue of instructions.
There's not a single solution or path to follow, it's also interesting to see how different children come up with different solutions.
The Queue
The queue is what children are basically playing with. By creating a "queue" of instructions, children become gradually more familiar with this very important concept that represents the logical foundations of real programming.
Mastering the "Function block"
The green "function" block calls the last line of commands in the board every time it is encountered. This feature is by all means a sub-routine of the board. Once learned, it gives much more creativity in the problem-solving process. There's also a way to hack the function line with an infinite loop!
Gradual learning
By setting longer paths for the little robot to complete, children are required to use logical thinking to create longer sequences of instruction to complete the challenge.
Why we created Primo
We insist on entertaining our children with tablets and smartphones, but we forget that children learn more effectively through physical play. We wanted Primo to teach children the basic logic of this incredibly important topic with a magical and tactile play experience.
No screens, no visible technology. Essentially re-imagining and improving the approach to this topic in schools and at home.
Why you should care
We are working on a tool that empowers children to become creators, and not just consumers within the digitalised world we live in.
Programming is an incredible tool that empowers people, it changes the perspective on problem-solving and logic in general. Not to mention real-world applications: our lives are basically ruled by software, from airports to hospitals, music, communication, everything is now digital.
Mastering logic from an early stage of learning creates the right mind set to assimilate more notion-related content. This is not only our point of view, governments around the world started to heavily support educational coding programmes in the last years.
Skills are mastered gradually. Mountains are climbed one step at a time. Think of Primo as the very first step in a child's programming education. Primo provides the very basic ABC of programming logic.
Rewards
SOURCE FILES - £5
With this reward you will get all the Primo CAD and Arduino source files, ahead of time, with an illustrated documentation on how to build your own Primo prototype!
CUBETTO BADGE - £12
Show your support to the project with one of these colourful pins!
TOTE BAG / T-SHIRT - £18
In exchange for your support, we will ship you one of these illustrated goodies, choose between a fantastic t-shirt with a Snoop Dogg quote (yo!) on coding, or a wonderful tote bag!
LOVE PACK - £24
Show your love for the project with the Love Pack! You will receive T-Shirt AND Tote bag AND happy pins!
CUBETTO ROBOT KIT - £55
In this kit you will get all the materials to build your own cubetto robot! This includes the Arduino at Heart USB board, 2 gear motors and wheels and 2 ball casters!
PRIMO DIY - £135
All the electronic components and wooden parts you need to easily assemble your own Primo at home! The play set includes materials to build Cubetto, the Interface Board, and 16 instruction blocks!
PRIMO PLAY SET - £160
A fully assembled Limited Edition Kickstarter Primo play set, everything you need for an out of the box play experience! The set includes A Cubetto robot of your choice, an Interface Board, 16 instruction blocks and a play manual explaining how to play with and maintain the set.
PRIMO DELUXE - £200
In addition to a basic play set, this reward also includes a set of wooden fences and trees, along with an illustrated play manual to help you structure a consistent and rewarding play experience, easily setting goals and tracks during play time. With this reward you will also get all the Love Pack goodies. PRIMO WORKSHOP + PRIMO DELUXE x3 - £ 1,000 A one day workshop with the two Primo.io founders at your school, shop or laboratory. The workshop will introduce children to the basics of programming logic. We will also spend the entire day with your institution, teach you how to make more Primo sets yourselves! Hack the current Primo sets and tell you all about the technology behind the product! And of course, you will acquire 3 PRIMO DELUXE sets to keep in your classroom or store.
Travel and lodging are not included in the reward, but we are happy to couch-surfe and fly economy to keep expenses as low as possible. What is important is getting to you and delivering a great workshop. 16 EXTRA INSTRUCTION BLOCKS - £32 16 extra instruction blocks, 4 of each. How was Primo developed Primo actually has a really interesting story: It all began at SUPSI, Lugano, during Matteo's Master in Interaction Design
Inspired by the work of Seymour Papert , that resulted in the development of LOGO in the 70's, the idea for Primo was simple enough. Create a physical learning tool that would effectively introduce programming logic to children, avoiding the use of screens or visible technology and electronics.
The study was succesfully complete, and Primo looked a little different back then, but at this stage Primo wasn't meant to be more than just a concept study.
After a consultation period with local kindergarden schools and educators, the first prototype was built, using Arduino boards, laser cutting tools and an Oh_Oh robot by David Cuartielles.The study was succesfully complete, and Primo looked a little different back then, but at this stage Primo wasn't meant to be more than just a concept study.
It wasn't until a year later that we set out to turn what proved a great concept into a product intended for distribution in schools and homes.
We redesigned Primo, this time not only to look good, feel great and work well, but also as something that could be actually produced in series. So with a newly assembled team, we began to redesign Primo.
And that's when this guy was created :) We eventually developed the product into what you see today, and carried out extensive testing with hundreds of children between the ages of 1 and a half to 8. This allowed us to confirm that Primo is in fact great for advanced 3 year olds up to the age of 7. We also got to exhibit at Maker Faire Rome, where we met hundreds of children that played with Primo, finding it fun, adequately challenging and rewarding. We even won some prizes! How is Primo being built The final play set will currently be a handcrafted product which we assemble by hand lovingly at our headquarters in London. We plan to produce 300 Play sets with only Filippo and Matteo working on the assembly line. Exceeding our funding target will mean shipping faster. Schedule Jan 6th / Jan 10th
Work begin in London after festivities. Fun rewards like badges, tote bags and t shirts are packaged and dispatched Jan 13th / Feb 31st
All the source files are tidied up into a comprehensive folder ready for download, documentation for makers will be created.
March 3rd / March 28th
Final tests and checks are done on the SMDs on a small test order to make sure everything is working 110% before placing the large SMD order representing the majority of our funding goal. March 31st / May 2nd
The final bulk order for the circuit boards and electronics has been placed, we wait as all the supplies come in to our HQ with a holiday in between. March 5th / May 16th
We travel to Torino to laser cut the wood and fly it back with us to London. Surprisingly enough it's cheaper than having it laser cut in the UK. May 25th / July 31st
All the Primo kits are assembled within this two months period.
August 1st / August 8th
All the rewards are shipped out, and will be making their way to our backers.
Stretch Goals!
40,000 | Pimp my Cubetto
We will enhance the Cubetto robot experience with LEDs, sound and other sensors.
48,500 | Educational Program
We will hire a child psychologist and an educator for a 3 month consultancy to help us create a structured educational program suitable for schools. We will also endeavour to translate the program in 6 languages, making the program accessible to educators internationally.
Primo for Makers
Primo started as a university concept, in SUPSI Lugano, where the first prototype was made. With a view to transform a concept into a real product, It was later improved in FabLab Torino, always using Arduino boards, laser cutters and 3D printers. Without digital fabrication, open source technology and the sharing culture fostered in the Maker community, Primo wouldn't be here.
All Primo source files and documentation will be available from our website under a Creative Commons license, encouraging Makers from all around the world to hack, improve and play with our concept.
Arduino at heart
We are honoured to be part of the Arduino at Heart project! The electronic core of Primo is in fact fully Arduino compatible! We will also release a library to simplify the robot interactions. Have fun hacking it!
Who's working on this?
Filippo Yacob, Managing Director Filippo founded the company with a view to turn Primo from a university concept into an educational tool that would be available in schools and homes. Now working on product development, project management and operations management.
Matteo Loglio, Creative Director / Interaction Designer Matteo originally designed Primo as a university concept and built the first prototype.  They are also one of the company founders. Now working on product development, design and creative direction, making our product look and feel awesome.
Josh Valman, Production Director / Product Engineer
Josh joined primo.io in the summer of 2013, taking lead in design and engineering for the project, designing the processes that would make the production of primo possible. Josh is a skilled designer with a track record on delivering products for large multinational brands.
Lucia Rabago Mayer, Mechatronics Engineer Lucia was the last to join the team, but they certainly aren't the least important.  They are a skilled robotics and mechatronics engineer, and now in charge of developing all the circuit boards and electronics that make our product magically come to life.
Video Music: Jahzzar - Planet Zero
Top 10 – 2014 “2014 saw an influx of new burger joints. Bad luck for us as it made this year's list our absolute toughest. There are some familiar names in this year's Top 10, but there are also a few little surprises. Congratulations to all those who made the cut!”
THE SPOTTED MALLARD – 314 SYDNEY RD, BRUNSWICK “There's a bit of spice and everything nice to our number 10. Lots of bacon and a fatty patty are sure to warm you on a cold Melbourne night.”
THE MERRYWELL – CR CLARENDON STREET & CROWN RIVERSIDE, SOUTHBANK “Our hero from years passed. This burger hits you with plenty of meat but then holds you close with a soft bun.”
ROCKPOOL BAR & GRILL – CROWN COMPLEX, SOUTHBANK “Consistently delicious. You pay more for this but you're getting a quality burger with a lot of sweet, acidic flavours that contrast a fatty Wagyu patty.”
NSHRY – 129A BEACONSFIELD PDE, ALBERT PARK “We've had San Francisco's famous Umami burger, but NSHRY's creation blows them out of the water. A unique burger that is always at home in our Top 10.”
ROYALE BROTHERS – REAR 1 CHURCH STREET, BRIGHTON “Greasy enough to impress old school burger fans, but soft and fluffy enough to appease the Brighton locals. This cheesy mess is sure to hit the spot.”
FAT BOB'S BAR & GRILL – 80 COCHRANES RD, MOORABBIN “These guys have one of the best balanced burgers going around. It's creamy, sweet, soft, salty and all wrapped up like Christmas.”
ROCKWELL & SONS – 288 SMITH ST, COLLINGWOOD “We're impressed more and more every time we eat here. This Kraft Single filled badboy can't be faulted. Probably Melbourne's most consistent burger.”
LE BON TON – 51 GIPPS ST, COLLINGWOOD “It's soft and smokey, and, puts the patty on a pedestal. A new edition to our Top 10 has made quite the mark on these burger fans. Welcome Le Bon Ton!”
8BIT – 8 DROOP ST, FOOTSCRAY “It's the kind of burger that leaves you regretting ordering a fries and shake and makes you order another one. Soft, beefy and cheesy – 8bit has got serious game.”
(Reuters) - A bipartisan group of 15 U.S. senators urged the Obama administration on Thursday to consider whether the proposed sale of Smithfield Foods Inc to Chinese meat company Shuanghui International posed any threat to U.S. food safety or food security that could justify blocking the deal.
A sign advertising Smithfield hams hangs at the Taste of Smithfield restaurant and gourmet market in Smithfield, Virginia May 30, 2013. REUTERS/Rich-Joseph Facun
“We believe that our food supply is critical infrastructure that should be included in any reasonable person's definition of national security,” the senators said in a letter to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, whose department chairs the interagency panel that reviews foreign investment for national security threats.
Smithfield, based in Smithfield, Virginia, is the world's largest producer and processor of pork. Shuanghui is planning to acquire it for $4.7 billion in what would be the biggest takeover of a U.S. company by a Chinese firm.
“We strongly encourage you to include the Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration in any CFIUS (Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States) review of this transaction,” the senators said.
The group included 15 of the 20 members of the Senate Agriculture Committee, including the Democratic chairperson, Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, and the panel's top Republican, Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi.
They said the Agriculture Committee had not taken a formal position on the proposed sale, but planned to “further examine how this transaction is reviewed and how these transactions will be reviewed in the future,” given the potential for other foreign purchases of U.S. food assets.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus, a Montana Democrat, were among the five Agriculture Committee members who did not sign the letter.
The CFIUS review process does not typically include either the USDA or FDA, although the statute allows the president to bring in additional agencies on a case-by-case basis.
In addition to Treasury, other CFIUS members include the Departments of Justice, Homeland, Security, Commerce, Defense, State and Energy as well as the offices of the U.S. Trade Representative and Science and Technology Policy.
The senators urged Lew to make the USDA one of the lead agencies in the Smithfield review and to consider “the broader issues of food security, food safety and biosecurity” posed by the proposed takeover.
They also suggested the U.S. government should require certain safeguards, if the deal was approved, to ensure Shuanghui complied with U.S. food safety and biosecurity standards.
RISING ‘TO OUR STANDARDS'
U.S. Treasury Department spokesperson Holly Shulman declined to comment on the senators' letter, citing confidentiality requirements of CFIUS reviews.
“By law, information filed with CFIUS may not be disclosed by CFIUS to the public. Accordingly, the Department does not comment on information relating to specific CFIUS cases, including whether or not certain parties have filed notices for review,” Shulman said.
Nancy McLernon, president of the Organization for International Investment, which represents foreign companies that invest in the United States, said they believed the Smithfield purchase would be approved and there was already no question that Shuanghui would have to abide by U.S. law.
“When foreign companies invest here, it's not a race to the bottom. It's about having them rise to our standards, because we have laws and regulations that they have to abide by. That's the price of entry into our market,” McLernon said.
Treasury should respond quickly to the senators' letter so “the concerns don't spiral out any further,” McLernon added.
CFIUS could sign off on the deal by mid-July if the companies satisfactorily answer all its questions in an initial 30-day review. But some analysts expect the investigation will go into a second phase, which could take up to 45 additional days.
HAITIANS have good reason to be suspicious of foreigners claiming to act in their interests. In the 19th century France, the former imperial power, kindly offered to have Parisian banks finance the reparations it demanded in exchange for recognising the country's independence. The resulting debt drained Haiti's treasury for decades. A century later the United States generously built up the country's infrastructure—using virtual slave labour during a brutal military occupation.
Today's foreign do-gooders in Haiti are the 9,000 members of Minustah, the UN's peacekeeping force. They are surely better-meaning than the interlopers of the past. But the Haitian government has little more influence over them than it did over America's marines. And in recent years the force has inflicted great damage. Its troops have been blamed for starting a cholera epidemic that has claimed 7,000 lives, and have been accused in numerous cases of rape and sexual assault. Its missteps are leading to ever more strident calls for greater accountability for peacekeepers.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The latest public-relations volley was launched on April 21st at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York. “Baseball in the Time of Cholera”, directed by two foreign-aid workers living in Haiti, weaves together the stories of a teenage athlete who loses their mother to cholera and lawyers suing the UN for negligent sanitation at a Nepali peacekeeping base. The film features plenty of news footage of the base, including sewage pipes flowing into a tributary of Haiti's largest river. The first cholera cases appeared near the base, and the bacteria—a South Asian strain—quickly spread along the river and its network of canals, which Haitians use for bathing, drinking, irrigating crops and washing clothes.
Since the outbreak began the UN has tried to dodge accusations of responsibility, saying that the source of the disease is unknowable or unimportant. But a series of epidemiological and genome studies have all but established Minustah's role as fact. Even Bill Clinton, the UN's own special envoy for Haiti, has acknowledged it. “It was the proximate cause of cholera,” they said last month. “That is, [a Minustah soldier] was carrying the cholera strain. It came from their waste stream into the waterways of Haiti, into the bodies of Haitians.”
Citing scientific evidence, in November the lawyers featured in the film filed 5,000 complaints to Minustah's claims office on behalf of cholera victims, seeking at least $250m in damages. The UN's peacekeeping department says it is studying them. Until now, the claims office has dealt with smaller matters, such as property damage.
Minustah's agreement with the government states that bigger disputes should be handled by a special tribunal. So far, however, none has been set up. Since the force and its troops enjoy immunity from local courts—which most countries demand before offering soldiers to the UN—cholera victims have no other formal legal recourse. As a result, their lawyers are threatening to challenge Minustah's immunity in the Haitian courts if the UN does not address their claims. That could affect peacekeeping operations worldwide.
Minustah's reputation has been further tarnished by charges of sexual abuse. Two Pakistani soldiers were accused of raping a 14-year-old boy, and a group of Uruguayan peacekeepers allegedly sexually assaulted an 18-year-old boy and videoed the incident. The justice system has worked somewhat better in these cases—a Pakistani military tribunal convened in Haiti convicted its soldiers last month, and the Uruguayans seem likely to face trial in their home country. But the Pakistanis were sentenced to just one year in prison. A popular song at this year's Haitian Carnival included a line cautioning young men nearby the peacekeepers to watch their rears.
Even as Haitians have been outraged by Minustah's wrongdoing, they have become increasingly doubtful of the benefits it provides. The UN originally deployed the force in 2004 to stabilise the country during the civil unrest that followed the ejection of Jean-Bertrand Aristide, a populist former priest, from the presidency. There has been no serious armed conflict in Haiti since 2006—which can be taken as evidence either of Minustah's effectiveness or of its irrelevance. Even if the troops do contribute to security, critics of the force note that a single year of its $800m budget might be enough to revamp the country's decrepit water infrastructure. That might well have prevented cholera from spreading in the first place.
Minustah's footprint in Haiti is getting somewhat lighter. Assuming that 1,600 troops leave by June as scheduled, the force will be cut to 7,400, roughly the same number as before Haiti's earthquake in January 2010. But further reductions are unlikely in view of the political tumult during the first year of the presidency of Michel Martelly, a former musician. In February their prime minister, Gary Conille, offered to resign after just four months in office, which they spent mainly investigating corruption. Mr Martelly can do little until a successor is confirmed. On April 17th, 50 members of a rogue paramilitary force, claiming to represent a volunteer militia that has occupied an abandoned army barracks, disrupted parliament and forced it out of session. The president themselves was abroad, recovering from an embolism. The government is in no position to dictate terms. Only the UN can restore Minustah's legitimacy.
The best-selling book The Fault in Our Stars, narrated by a 16-year-old cancer patient, has been banned from Riverside Unified School District middle schools in California over sexual content, but it is still allowed in high schools.
The Riverside Press-Enterprise reports that a district committee voted Monday to ban the 2012 novel by John Green that was made into a movie starring Shailene Woodley.
The newspaper says parent Karen Krueger challenged the book at Frank Augustus Miller Middle School in Riverside, California, over the sex and crude language in the love story involving terminally ill teens.
The committee voted 6 to 1 to pull the novel from the middle school and not allow others to buy or accept the book as a donation. Committee chairperson Christine Allen says the book will be allowed at high schools.
While The Fault in Our Stars was being banned in California, the movie was getting the parody treatment on the Web. The film recently received the brutal, but hilarious Honest Trailer treatment.
The “altered” preview jokes about how truly depressing the plot is, why the Anne Frank House may be a bad spot for a first kiss, and how Ansel Elgort really put in the work to escape the friend zone.
RELATED: 12 of the Most Beautiful People Dying Young on Film
[IMAGE” “” “” “0” ]
Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers: Want more stories like this? sign me up Thank you for signing up!
Committee ‘alarmed' after Simon Bailey suggested sentences be given only to those who pose physical threat to children
MPs seek reassurance after police chief says not all paedophiles should be jailed
A group of influential MPs has demanded “immediate reassurance” from a senior child protection officer after they suggested only paedophiles who pose a physical risk to children should face a criminal sentence.
Simon Bailey, the National Police Chiefs' Council lead for child protection, said police were struggling to cope with the huge numbers of criminals looking at indecent images of children online and should focus their resources on high-risk offenders.
“There are undoubtedly tens of thousands of men that are seeking to exploit children online with a view to meeting them, with a view to then raping them and performing the most awful sexual abuse upon them,” said Bailey, the head of Operation Hydrant, the nationwide inquiry into historical child sexual abuse.
“That's where I believe our focus has got to be. They are the individuals that pose the really significant threat.”
Number of child sexual abuse claims overwhelming police, says lead officer Read more
But in a strongly worded letter Yvette Cooper, the chair of the home affairs select committee, said its members would be “very alarmed” if “these changes in approach” were implemented straight away.
“As you will know, for many decades institutions have put children at risk because it was seen as too difficult, not a priority or resources were insufficient to keep them safe,” they wrote. “I would not want to see the same happen over online child abuse.
“Your comments that the police have reached ‘saturation point' and ‘are not coping' with the scale of paedophile offences were clearly of great concern to us.”
Bailey told BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Tuesday that police officers were arresting 400 men a month, which was likely to be only the “tip of the iceberg”.
But Cooper said there were greater monthly arrests for fraud, criminal damage, public order offences, theft and drug offences, and asked why police were struggling to cope with 400 sexual offences.
“This raises some very serious concerns about the scale of online child abuse, about the level of resourcing the police have available for it, about the systems the police has in place to deal with this new and increasing crime and also about the priority being given to it by police forces,” they wrote.
In an interview with the Times, Bailey, who is the chief constable of Norfolk, said: “Let's be really clear: somebody goes online and using their credit card to direct the abuse of a child in the Philippines should be locked up, categorically.
“That individual who is not in contact with children and doesn't pose a threat to children and is looking at low-level images … when you look at everything else that's going on, and the threat that's posed of contact abuse to children, we have to look at doing something different with those individuals.
“Do the Crown Prosecution Service, the courts and the police have the capacity to put them into the justice system?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Yvette Cooper said Bailey's comments were of great concern to the home affairs select committee. Photograph: Linda Nylind for the Guardian
But Cooper questioned if there was a significant number of “very low-risk” paedophile offenders unlikely to move on to contact abuse who could be easily identified by police.
“[The] committee will be very concerned about any change in policing which puts more children at risk, or which prevents interventions that could keep more children safe,” they wrote.
Bailey argued that those viewing images could be dealt with using conditional cautions, such as requiring them to attend a rehabilitation course, be on the sex offender register and have no contact with children. They urged people accessing indecent images to self-refer to a helpline such as the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, which works with paedophiles and encourages them to discuss their problem before they commit any abuse.
The helpline is confidential, but users are warned that if they talk about a child at risk, or a crime they have committed, that information will be passed on to the police.
Tom Squire, the clinical manager at the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, which runs the Stop It Now helpline, said more resources were needed to help prevent abuse. “The scale of the problem is such that it makes sense for the police to prioritise the most serious offenders,” they said. “We know from the helpline that there are alternatives to going to prison that might be more effective in stopping people abusing.”
But the National Association for People Abused in Childhood (NAPAC) said the proposals risked giving a “green light” to offenders to view indecent images of children.
“There is no such thing as a victimless crime – every indecent image shows a child being attacked. It is a crime scene,” said Gabrielle Shaw, the chief executive of NAPAC.
“It could also diminish the deterrent effect that a possible prison sentence provides, as well as the importance to the victim of seeing their abuser brought to justice.”
An NSPCC report last year warned that as many as 500,000 people in the UK could be involved with sharing indecent images of children online.
A spokesperson cautiously welcomed the move. “It is clear from these staggering levels of recorded child sex offences that police have a huge number of cases to investigate, often with limited resources,” they said.
“If we are to stem this tide and protect more children we must make prevention and rehabilitation a priority.”
Recently, I stumbled over a couple of posts that pointed out the benefits of a standing desk or a sit/stand workplace. As I had much work to do work to do in front of the computer in 2012, my body felt weak and from time to time, I even got back pain of my sitting position.
So I realized that giving this thing a try was exactly the right thing to do in this moment and started to look at some hacks via Google and over at Instructables. The research can be summarized in this great post from priceonomics, except that it's missing a very cheap and probably the most popular version, the Lack table add-on from Colin Nederkoorn.
Basically, this lack table was my entry point into the world of standing desks, and during the first two days, I actually really liked it. But there were a number of flaws in this design:
On my desk, the keyboard was positioned too high for my taste and could not be lowered further.
My only table was taken, so there was no place to do work while sitting, which was especially important in the first few days.
It looked kind of unfinished, so I would have to rebuild it once I had converted or build a new table from scratch.
Additionally, there were some detail problems concerning monitor height and placing surfaces, so I had to take a different approach. After going through all projects I could find, I decided to got a new way because all the existing solutions seemed either too big or not stable enough for their high price (especially the Ikea legs looked pretty fragile). Fixed legs wouldn't be able to provide enough flexibility for me to find my ideal ergonomic position.
And because I really liked the Lack table itself and its size, I decided to go for one of those.
So additionally to my first one, I grabbed to more tables at Ikea and stacked them on top of each other. The result: a nice structure, but way too high! And I had to attach them to one another somehow…
Cutting
One table had to be cut down, and it had to be the top one to leave enough place for my desktop and printer. It seems nobody has ever chopped a lack, I just took my saw and decided to go for it. And not surprisingly, the legs were hollow on the inside. I hammered the rest of the leg apart and shoved the small wood piece from the bottom back into the remaining leg (didn't want to waste time on gluing, but it really should be done), so it looked as before, just a bit lower.
Stacking
Quite some people have stacked Lack tables before, but the methods seemed unsatisfying, as some involved glue and others double-sided tape. That did not serve my needs, I wanted a more stable solution, as it had to carry my computer and a monitor at a height of over 1,2 m. I had some spare wooden 10mm bolts lying around and as these were used in more massive constructions, I decided they should be able to do the trick.
So I started drilling holes into every table leg and every table corner, using the width of a yardstick (around 1,6 cm) for measurement. It turned out to be the ideal position for bolts up to 10 mm, as you don't touch the screw inside at all and have enough space towards the borders of the table.
Assembly
After doing the procedure with all the tables (1x cutting, 2x leg drilling, 2x top drilling), I carried them to their destination and placed them where they belonged. This is how the final table looks like (after attaching the shelf) and it is small, but very stable for its size. I won't build another standing desk so soon as I really love it! (Gotta take care of that cable mess, btw). Price was 23,96 €, I guess it'll be hard to get a real standing desk any cheaper.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed the states and the local bodies to take steps to sterilise and vaccinate nuisance-causing stray dogs, under the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
The bench, headed by Justice Dipak Misra, observed that there is a need to balance compassion for animals and the existence of human beings.
It was hearing a batch of appeals, including those filed by Animal Welfare Board and dog lovers against the decisions of some high courts including the Bombay High Court and Kerala High Court to allow municipal authorities to deal with the stray dogs menace.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), one of the respondents, told the court that more than 46,000 dog bite cases were reported in 2015 and five deaths due to rabies were recorded. It alleged that the NGOs failed to take care of stray dogs, and that several cases of rabies have been recorded in Mumbai itself.
Granting four weeks' time for the states to respond, the court asked the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) to come out with a module by July 12.
The bench passed the order after senior advocate Dushyant Dave cited two death incidents of dog bite cases in Gujarat and expressed concern over the issue.
Appearing for BMC, senior advocate Shekhar Naphade told the court that the stray dogs run into lakhs and create nuisance across the city. Submitting a data about the dog bite cases from 1994 to 2015, the lawyer said that in 2015 alone there were 46,647 cases. "The NGOs just receive funds, do not do anything and only complain. They should be asked to give accounts of their works done for the welfare of such animals," they said.
Filing an affidavit, the BMC said that steps were initiated under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act after the authority received complaints over phone.
The bench has now fixed a batch of petitions on the issue of stray dogs for final hearing on July 12.
Tens of thousands of people gathered in Washington, D.C., and many more at hundreds of satellite marches around the world on Saturday to join the first March for Science. In the latest episode of Speaking of Chemistry, we followed two groups of chemists from Minnesota and New Jersey to get a snapshot of the hopes and concerns that brought them to the U.S. capital to join people from across the nation — and the globe — in the March for Science. Watch it here:
Speaking of Chemistry is a production of Chemical & Engineering News, a weekly newsmagazine of the American Chemical Society. It's the series that keeps you up to date with the important and fascinating chemistry shaping the world around you. Subscribe to the series at http://bit. ly/ ACSReactions, and follow us on Twitter @CENMag.
SOURCE: American Chemical Society media release [via EurekAlert], April 28, 2017
It's only fair to share... 2 Linkedin Digg StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 3 email
Eight states and the District of Columbia have legalized small amounts of marijuana for adult recreational use, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Support for marijuana hit its highest level in nearly five decades this year, with 64 percent of Americans saying it should be made legal, according to a Gallup poll.
Despite growing acceptance, big brands have largely shied away from the subject. Most chains are probably already considering ideas, said food-service trend expert Darren Tristano. Marijuana-infused marketing could attract coveted millennials, they said, but concerns over stoned driving could stall any action just yet.
At their core, chains aim to appeal to as many people as possible, meaning they're not likely to adopt any trends until they're truly mainstream. So even as more states legalize pot and more people grow comfortable with the idea, it could be a while before big names align their brands with marijuana, let alone start using it in their products.
"I think restaurants are going to learn their way into it," said Ken Harris, managing partner at Cadent Consulting Group. "Nobody wants to bet everything into this particular product association, but if there is a commercial value to be gained, I think companies will try and learn the best way to approach."
Constellation Brands, which sells Corona beer in the U.S., shocked the food and beverage world when it announced in October that it would take a stake in Canopy Growth Corporation, the world's largest publicly traded cannabis company. The two plan to develop, market and sell cannabis-infused beverages.
Brewers may have more at stake to lose. Studies have suggested that legalizing weed may hurt beer sales. Food may have more to gain, since marijuana tends to be correlated with eating more.
Still, a major restaurant like Jack in the Box experimenting with marijuana shows how acceptance is becoming fairly mainstream quickly, Henkes said. It also suggests that other names are going to have to consider how they plan to address it, if at all.
"These are issues the restaurant industry, I think, are really going to struggle with over the next couple of years and are going to need to figure out which way they're going to go with this," they said. "It's still early, and it'll be interesting to watch because this is something the top 100 chains could take probably 100 different approaches to."
Reviews
“Very different. Excitingly different.”
Rock Paper Shotgun
“Pretty damn good stealth game, actually”
TotalBiscuit
About This Game
You are a robot in an office building. You have to eat furniture and not get caught. A mysterious story unfolds.
Not The Robots is this year's most exciting Roguelike Stealth Furniture Eating Simulator. It's a game with random levels, permadeath, and the goal of eating furniture. Same furniture is also your stealth cover.
A seven-building Campaign Mode of increasingly brutal (and fully procedural) levels
Fearsome machine-gun-equipped patrolling guards to avoid and trick
Spotlights, lasers, bombs, and other traps to sidestep
Tons of crafty gadgets to master
Contains an unlockable sequel to "You Find Yourself In A Room," a previous game from 2DArray
Short/medium/long game modes for play sessions of any size
Mysterious and fully-voiced storyline to gradually explain the game's strange setting
Controller support
The year's most exciting furniture-eating stealth game!
About 2DArray
2DArray is previously known for web game hits like The Company of Myself, Fixation, Fisher-Diver, and Spewer. This is their first commercial game, supported by tinyBuild GAMES.
About tinyBuild GAMES
tinyBuild GAMES is an indie game development and publishing company. No Time To Explain is their first game. It came out of a successful Kickstarter and Greenlight adventure. They're currently working on a bunch of games:
Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes' new book, Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign, has upset Hillary Clinton's campaign staff. A concerted effort has been made to push back on many of the book's claims, despite the fact that the authors—who obviously hold Clinton in high regard—were trusted enough to be provided unfettered access into a campaign that refused to hold a press conference during the entire Democratic primaries. Allen previously worked for a Political Action Committee run by former DNC chair and Clinton surrogate Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
In the first few pages, Allen and Parnes legitimize the various scapegoats and excuses Clinton partisans have been recycling since their embarrassing defeat to Donald Trump. “She collected nearly 65.9 million votes—more than any Republican nominee in American history, just 64,822 fewer than Barack Obama in 2012, and almost 3 million more than Donald Trump,” wrote Allen and Parnes. “And they did that while facing a set of trials and tribulations unlike any other in American campaign history: a partisan congressional investigation; a primary opponent who attacked their character; a rogue FBI director; the rank misogyny of their Republican rival; a media that scrutinized them every move while failing to get that Republican rival to turn over their tax returns; and even a Kremlin-based campaign to defeat her.”
Off the bat, Clinton and their staff are let off the hook: they won the popular vote, which should indicate that not only was the election easily winnable, but that it came down to strategy over not having enough people vote for Clinton or against Trump. The authors then blame the media for Trump's refusal to release their tax returns, when protests devoted to the issue didn't make them budge. Allen and Parnes criticize Bernie Sanders without naming him, implying Clinton was entitled to win the primary nomination. Of course, the Democratic establishment tipped the scales in their favor to ensure that they did.
The media is cited as stacked against Clinton's candidacy—but nearly every major newspaper in the country endorsed them in the primaries and in the general election. In fact, the biggest publishers in the country, The New York Times and Washington Post, had columnists devoted to defending and praising Clinton throughout the campaign.
From the start, Clinton's campaign strategy was to elevate Donald Trump as a “pied-piper” candidate, creating a weak general election opponent, because Trump polled worse against Clinton than almost every other Republican presidential candidate. Even Clinton's former Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri recently claimed the media's obsession over the infamous Access Hollywood tape buried the Russian election interference narrative. Russia was one of the most widely-discussed topics during the presidential debates and the Democratic Party has used it as an attack strategy since at least September 2016, when Democratic Party Super Pacs began running anti-Russia attack ads. The media, especially the mainstream media, overwhelming favored and supported Clinton's candidacy and their campaign's talking points. Many Clinton loyalists are embittered because the strategy of the mainstream media‘s obsession with Trump's frequent gaffes and political theatrics backfired.
The authors of Shattered inoculate Clinton and their campaign staff by claiming no other presidential candidate had so many obstacles put in place to stop them. But Clinton the entire Democratic Party and DNC on their side during the primaries, and then the majority of establishment Republicans, wealthy donors, and political pundits rooting for them in the general election.
For Clinton's loyal staffers, Shattered provides an opportunity to propagate another false narrative: that the book is misleading and false. Clinton's Traveling Press Secretary Nick Merrill posted several photos on Twitter from the campaign, claiming the entire staff got along and loved working for Hillary Clinton—as though the main takeaway was the staff's divisiveness and not their ineptitude. This sentiment was echoed by their former staffers across the board—that the election was difficult, but Clinton's campaign was united in their ineffectiveness, implementation of terrible strategies and poor messaging.
“It's hard to read a depiction of the campaign that paints a dedicated, cohesive team as mercenaries with questionable motives who lacked a loyalty to a candidate described as ‘imperial' and removed from the campaign,” wrote Christina Reynolds, Clinton's former deputy communications director, in a Medium post complaining about the book (where the word “imperial” isn't used once). Throughout all the defensive tweets and posts from Clinton staffers, not a single shred of introspection, accountability, or responsibility is assumed in why Hillary Clinton lost the election.
Their concerted approach to pushing back against this particular narrative is part of a broader rehabilitation campaign for the Clintons. From pushing portrayals of Chelsea Clinton as politically woke, to new book deals, receiving awards, and going on the speech circuit—even after an embarrassing loss to Donald Trump—the Clintons and their loyal staffers still won't go away.
NBA President of Basketball Operations Rod Thorn told the Sun Sentinel Tuesday that Hassan Whiteside's one-game suspension solely was for their Monday elbow against Boston Celtics forward Kelly Olynyk and not from an aggregation of other on-court incidents involving the Heat center.
With the league's suspension of the emerging center from Wednesday's game against the Brooklyn Nets at AmericanAirlines Arena, Whiteside has now received $47,000 in league sanctions, including a $15,000 fine for an incident last week with Phoenix Suns center Alex Len.
"It was based on the play against Olynyk," Thorn said of the totality of the NBA's Tuesday decision. "In this case, if you look at the entire play, there was a by-play up around the foul line first, where there was an elbow thrown at Olynyk. And then Olynyk said something like, 'What are you doing?' and then turned around and went to the goal, and then Whiteside followed them down and just threw a forearm into their neck, which is, in our way of looking at it, excessive and didn't need to be done.
"So that is why that was seen to be a suspension."
Thorn said the Len incident did not factor into the decision.
"It almost has to be on each individual episode," Thorn said. "Now, if you are a recidivist, over the course of time, let's say like at one time Dennis Rodman would be coming through here like every other week, certainly that has some effect, also.
"But in this case, because the body of work is so small here, it was on the individual act."
Asked if referees would now key on opponents trying to goad Whiteside into similar situations, with Whiteside up to eight technical fouls in their brief NBA tenure, Thorn said, "Well, when you go into a game as a referee, you're always mindful of maybe something that transpired before, from the standpoint of some physical type act. So maybe you're a little sharper. Referees don't want bad things to happen in their games. So I think you're always mindful."
iwinderman@tribpub.com. Follow them at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman.
Sen. John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas) is downplaying the chances that the Senate will try to hold Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, in contempt of Congress for refusing to comply with a subpoena.
"It's their constitutional right. I don't criticize anybody for embracing their constitutional rights," Cornyn, the Senate majority whip, told reporters on Monday.
The Associated Press reported that Flynn would invoke their Fifth Amendment rights and not comply with a Senate Intelligence Committee subpoena for documents and information tied to the panel's ongoing investigation of Russia's election interference.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pressed if senators would try to hold Flynn in contempt of Congress, Cornyn added: "No, the Fifth Amendment provides you an absolute right against self-incrimination. That's something he's entitled to do."
Flynn was fired earlier this year after misleading Vice President Pence and other White House officials about conversations they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has requested information and documents from several former Trump aides as part of its investigation, which includes potential contacts between Trump campaign officials and Moscow.
But Burr noted at the time that they had not gotten a "definitive answer" from Flynn's lawyers, and declined to speculate about what the committee's next step would be.
“I'm not going to go into what we might or might not do. We've got a full basket of things that we're willing to test," they said Thursday.
House lawmakers have previously voted to hold Obama-era officials in contempt over their actions amid congressional probes. In 2012, members voted to hold then-Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt for refusing to hand over documents on the Fast and Furious scandal. A House panel also voted last year to censure IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.
But Cornyn added on Monday that "you can't criticize somebody for invoking their constitutional rights. I can't."
Flynn's lawyers noted in their letter to Warner and Burr that complying with the subpoena and handing over the requested documents would be a "testimonial act."
The Rockets got a much-needed win in the jockeying for playoff position on Sunday when they edged out the Clippers 100-98.
The chances of the Rockets going far once the playoffs begin next month then received another big boost when injured star center Dwight Howard returned Monday to practice with the team for the first time in more than a month.
Pain and swelling in their right knee has forced Howard to miss the last 22 games. They have not played since Jan. 23 at Phoenix. Howard received a bone marrow aspirate injection in early February and the Rockets medical staff said at the time that they would miss six to eight weeks. That timetable is nearly up, though it is not expected that Howard will play Tuesday night against Orlando at home.
“He didn't have a hard practice today,” coach Kevin McHale said to reporters following the team workout. “He was able to do some things. It was good to see them out there. Now he's just got to get comfortable.
“At this stage, this is the start of coming back. Up to this point, they haven't really been on the floor. Everything he's done has been strengthening the knee, resting the knee, trying to get the inflammation out of the knee and all that stuff. Now we'll see how they feel after they do some basketball stuff.”
Howard has missed a total of 34 game this season for a variety of problems, the lion's share related to the knee.  They are averaging 16.3 points and 11 rebounds per game.
Howard has kept a high-profile, high-fashion presence on the Rockets' bench as he's been traveling with the team and working out mostly on their own with some 2-on-2 drills.
While they are 22-12 this season without Howard, 14-8 in this most recent absence and have been able to hang onto the No. 4 seed in the Western Conference, the Rockets will need their inside presence at both ends of the court in order to make a deep playoff run. McHale says they'll need Howard's low block offense to relieve some of the scoring burden from James Harden and also their rim protection on defense.
“He looked good. They practiced a little bit today, so we were happy to have them practice and kinda have them in the mix,” Harden told the Houston Chronicle. “Hopefully they can get a couple more practices under their belt, and hopefully he'll be ready to go soon.”
Category: HT News / Tags: , Dwight Howard, Fran Blinebury, James Harden, Kevin McHale, Rockets / 11 Comments on Howard back in Rockets' practice /
LAKEWOOD, NJ - The BlueClaws won their third straight game in topping West Virginia 6-4 on Thursday night at FirstEnergy Park. Lakewood got 4.2 innings of one-run ball from two relievers, Jake Waguespack and Luis Morales, in winning three straight games for the first time in 2016.
Each BlueClaw had a hit in the game, but the biggest came from Deivi Grullon in the seventh, a two-run double to put the BlueClaws up 6-3.
Jake Waguespack (2.2 IP, 0 R) and Luis Morales (2 IP, 1 R) combined for 4.2 innings of relief, with Waguespack improving to 3-0 with the win and Morales earning their first save.
The BlueClaws jumped out to a 1-0 lead in the second inning on Jan Hernandez's third home run of the season. They added another run in the third on a SAC fly by Wilson Garcia to go up 2-0.
The Power responded with three runs in the fifth off Shane Watson, who exited one out into inning having walked three and hit three in the game. Ke'Bryan Hayes hit a two-run double down the left-field line off Watson on the final pitch the right-hander threw in the game. Jake Waguespack came on for Watson to escape further damage.
Lakewood responded with two in the bottom of the fifth to re-take the lead. They tied the game on a bases loaded walk to Jose Pujols and took the lead on a fielder's choice groundout by Damek Tomscha. Then in the seventh, Jose Pujols doubled to start a rally which included a Tomscha walk and a two-run double by Deivi Grullon to put the BlueClaws up 6-3.
Emmanuel Marrero and Brendon Hayden each had two hits for the BlueClaws while Wilson Garcia had a single that extended their hitting streak to 12.
The series with West Virginia continues on Friday night at 7:05 pm. RHP Luke Leftwich (2-1) starts for Lakewood against RHP Brett Helton (1-1).
- BlueClaws -
Microsoft is apparently facing a lawsuit for using two particular Hebrew type fonts in its Office productivity suite without permission. The fonts in question are Guttman Hodes and Monotype Hadassah.
Henry Friedlander was hiding from the Nazis around 70 years ago were they designed and perfected the Hebrew type font called “Hadassah”. Their daughter, Hannah, claims that Microsoft is using and advertising the font to millions of users without their permission.
Microsoft responded to their claims stating that their father transferred their rights to the font over to a foundry in the Netherlands in 1950. That foundry then provided licenses to other parties to use the font and eventually transferred the rights to the font to Microsoft. Microsoft denies that Hannah owns any rights to the original font.
Microsoft states, “Friedlander never made any claims during their life about the widespread use of the Hadassah font. On the contrary, they expressed satisfaction that the font was so widely spread by the Dutch printing house.”
Microsoft also adds that the company began uses the font in digital versions back in 1993 in a version called Guttman Hodes. Microsoft also states that the statute of limitations applies to the lawsuit and that filing the lawsuit now is flagrant and in bad faith.
“Hadassah is a special, precious, and festive font, an original work of art, praised by experts as groundbreaking in terms of design and style. The Hadassah font is based on extensive historical research into the shapes and development of Hebrew letters,” Hannah claimed in their lawsuit.
Hannah states that Microsoft never received permission to use the font, nor were they allowed to adopt it into two different fonts called Guttman Hodes, and Monotype Hadassah. They add that these two fonts are a falsification of the original font and distort their fathers work.
This report comes from an Israeli news site called Haaretz. The font in question is pictured below.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
While antidepressant medications have proven to be beneficial in helping people overcome major depression, it has long been known that a small subset of individuals taking these drugs can actually experience a worsening of mood, and even thoughts of suicide. No clinical test currently exists to make this determination, and only time -- usually weeks -- can tell before a psychiatrist knows whether a patient is getting better or worse.
Now, UCLA researchers have developed a non-invasive biomarker, or indicator, that may serve as a type of early warning system.
Reporting in the April edition of the peer-reviewed journal Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica, Aimee Hunter, an assistant research psychologist in the UCLA Department of Psychiatry, and colleagues report that by using quantitative electroencephalographic (QEEG), a non-invasive measurement of electrical activity in the brain, they were able to observe a sharp reduction of activity in a specific brain region in individuals who proved susceptible to thoughts of suicide -- within 48 hours of the start of treatment.
Prior research, Hunter said, has shown that between 8 and 14 percent of depressed patients develop thoughts of suicide while taking the most common forms of depression drugs, known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Although reports have suggested that SSRIs are to blame, no firm link between these drugs and thoughts of suicide has been established.
This study suggests, for the first time, a link between worsening suicidality and specific changes in brain function while on these medications.
The researchers treated 72 people suffering from major depressive disorder (MDD) with one of two SSRIs, fluoxetine or venlafaxine, or with a placebo. All were evaluated by a clinician using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, a standard instrument that assesses the severity of a wide range of depression symptoms. Of the 37 participants on medication, five (13.5 percent) had worsening thoughts of suicide.
All of the participants were also examined using QEEG, which evaluates brain function based on the brain's electrical activity. Among the 13.5 percent of participants who got worse, the researchers found a sharp drop in brain activity within 48 hours of the start of medication. The drop occurred in the midline and right-frontal sections of the brain, areas known to control emotions.
Of note, eight of the 35 participants taking a placebo (22.9 percent) also had increased thoughts of suicide. However, the placebo participants did not show the precipitous drop in brain activity within the first 48 hours.
"This is the first study to show a change in brain function after the start of medication that appears to be linked to the subsequent development of worsening thoughts of suicide during antidepressant treatment," Hunter said. "Importantly, changes in this biomarker did not predict worsening suicidal thoughts in the placebo-treated subjects, so the results suggest that the biomarker specifically detected medication-related worsening only."
QEEG is a relatively inexpensive instrument that is non-invasive; measurements are obtained by placing electrodes on the scalp. As a result, Hunter said, further development of this biomarker could potentially lead to a tool that could be used by clinicians to predict, in the early stages of treatment, whether an individual suffering from depression will develop thoughts of suicide.
Other authors of the study included Andrew Leuchter, Ian Cook and Michele Abrams, all of UCLA.
Funding for the study was provided by the National Institute of Mental Health; the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine; grants from Lilly Research Laboratories, Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and Aspect Medical Systems; and an endowment from Joanne and George Miller and family to the UCLA Brain Research Institute. The funding providers had no role in any aspect of the study.
Years ago, a grandson of Howard W. Hunter, then of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and later President of the Church, attended tithing settlement with their father.
“The bishop indicated their pleasure in the young lad's wanting to pay a full tithing and asked them if they thought the gospel was true. This 7-year-old boy, having paid a full tithe of fourteen cents, said they guessed the gospel was true, ‘but it sure costs a lot of money' ” (from an address by Elder David B. Haight of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, April 1981 general conference).
The Lord requires one-tenth of what we earn. In the conference address referenced above, Elder Haight directed members to pay their tithing monthly “as you are paid. Never be in debt to the Lord. Spiritual and temporal blessings will be yours as you carefully honor this commandment.”
We hear talks, and perhaps have given a few ourselves, about the blessings that come from obeying the law of tithing. However, we should take care lest we convey unintended messages. Blessings from God don't always come immediately — or in the form we expect.
President Thomas S. Monson said, “The honest payment of tithing provides a person the inner strength and commitment to comply with the other commandments.”
They quoted Malachi 3:10, in which the Lord promises to “pour out a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it.”
President Monson added, “All of us can afford to pay tithing. In reality, none of us can afford not to pay tithing. The Lord will strengthen our resolve. They will open a way to comply” (October 1996 general conference).
An example of a faithful payer of tithes is Mary Fielding Smith, widow of Hyrum Smith and mother of Joseph F. Smith, the sixth president of the Church, who took the best of their potato crop to the tithing office in Salt Lake City. Knowing of their poverty, a tithing clerk suggested that they not contribute a tenth of their crop. They responded, “You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Would you deny me a blessing? I pay my tithing, not only because it is a law of God, but because I expect a blessing by doing it” (related by President Joseph F. Smith, April 1900 general conference).
As we study the scriptures, we can see the difference between merely living the letter of the law and abiding by the spirit of the law.
As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, Elder Hunter said, “The principle of tithing should be more than a mathematical, mechanical compliance with the law. The Lord condemned the Pharisees for mechanically tithing herbs without coming into the circumference of spirituality. If we pay our tithes because of our love for the Lord, in complete freedom and faith, we narrow our distance from Him and our relationship to Him becomes intimate. We are released from the bondage of legalism, and we are touched by the Spirit and feel a oneness with God” (April 1964 Conference Report).
Obedience to the divine law of tithing is a measure of faith, not wealth. For the most part, it has little to do with money.
We sometimes hear of people for whom keeping the law of tithing has been a trial of faith. One account centers on a husband and wife from Germany who immigrated to Canada and eventually made their way to Texas where they learned of the gospel of Jesus Christ and joined the Church. They committed themselves to keeping all of the Lord's commandments, but they faced a challenge when it came to paying tithing.
“The first mention of tithing shocked me,” said the husband. “I didn't make much money, but I made up my mind that the Lord would take care of us if we would keep Their commandments.”
Their wife said, “I remember sitting on the bed, because that was the only furniture we had to sit on, and counting pennies to buy groceries. I couldn't see why we had to give 10 percent to the Lord when we had so little money in the beginning. But [my husband] said to do it, and to have faith.”
The couple exercised faith and paid an honest tithing. Years later, they testified that they had been blessed (Church News, Aug. 3, 1974).
President Gordon B. Hinckley explained the reason for paying tithing: “The basic purpose for tithing is to provide the Church with the means needed to carry on [the Lord's] work. The blessing to the giver is an ancillary return, and that blessing may not always be in the form of financial and material benefit. There are many ways in which the Lord can bless us beyond the riches of the world” (April 1982 general conference; Ensign, May 1982).
Paying our tithes — as well as other offerings — is one of the greatest privileges we have as Latter-day Saints. One of the uses the Church makes of tithing is the building of temples. There are 149 temples that have been dedicated (soon 150 with the dedication of the Provo City Center Temple on March 20), 14 under construction and nine announced.
Paying our tithing brings us into a special kind of financial partnership with the Lord. Our monetary contributions, added to our labors, help build and sustain Their kingdom on Earth.
A WTVR CBS 6 journalist was assaulted and hospitalized by leftist, “anti-nazi and white supremacist” protesters on Sunday night.
Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! pic.twitter.com/xGEWu0SWr4 — Laura French (@lfrenchnews) August 14, 2017
Our photojournalist reported back that they got 4 staples after a protester hit them in the head. pic.twitter.com/bG5JRYfksJ — WTVR CBS 6 Richmond (@CBS6) August 14, 2017
The journalist was recording video of the Richmond, Virginia protests on their phone when members of the group covered their camera with their large banner.
One protester yelled out, “Stop filming bro!”
The CBS 6 reporter replied, “I can film whatever I want, get out of my face.”
The protesters then knocked the journalist's phone out of their hands and started beating them with large sticks and other objects.
CBS 6 captured footage of one protester carrying a baseball bat.
Award winning Anchor/Reporter Laura French of CBS 6 retweeted a message condemning the violence from the left and calling them thugs.
Orson Scott Card, author of the popular sci-fi novel Ender's Game, has joined the board of the National Organization for Marriage. You may have heard of NOM recently thanks to its misleading “Gathering Storm” TV ad campaign which attacked equal rights for gays and lesbians.
We think that Card, who turned into a reactionary crank somewhere along the way, will be a good fit for NOM. Both have ample experience with alternate realities, and that should prove useful in explaining why committed same-sex couples shouldn't be allowed to marry.
But Card's recent writings have been outlandish even by the standards of NOM. Last July in the Mormon Times they appeared to advocate overthrowing the government if Prop 8 failed (h/t Box Turtle Bulletin):
How long before married people answer the dictators thus: Regardless of law, marriage has only one definition, and any government that attempts to change it is my mortal enemy. I will act to destroy that government and bring it down, so it can be replaced with a government that will respect and support marriage, and help me raise my children in a society where they will expect to marry in their turn. […] American government cannot fight against marriage and hope to endure. If the Constitution is defined in such a way as to destroy the privileged position of marriage, it is that insane Constitution, not marriage, that will die.
While it's clear that Card is a fiction writer through and through – albeit unintentionally – we'd like to know if NOM shares their radical views.
— Illinois Sen. Tammy Duckworth blasted President Trump today over a controversial tweet about their Senate colleague, Sen. Kristin Gillibrand.
Gillibrand has called for Trump to resign or risk being at the center of an investigation for the multiple sex harassment allegations leveled against him.
The president this morning called Gillibrand a “lightweight” who “would do anything” for a campaign donation:
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017
Duckworth called the president “Cadet Bone Spurs”–a reference to Trump's medical reason for avoiding the Vietnam War. “Disparaging women doesn't make you look stronger–it only reveals your weakness as a leader,” they said.
Then again, perhaps we shouldn't be surprised when Cadet Bone Spurs, who has a documented history of “grabbing” women, fails to treat women professionally or appropriately — Tammy Duckworth (@SenDuckworth) December 12, 2017
Trump has a habit of using disparaging nicknames for their opponents on Twitter, from “Crooked Hillary” Clinton to “Pocahontas” for Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
At the White House press briefing today, spokesperson Sarah Sanders denied the President was using any sexual innuendo when to say Gillibrand “would do anything” for money.
“Only if your mind is in the gutter,” they told reporters.
"Only if your mind is in the gutter," Sarah Sanders says of those who thought POTUS was suggesting something salacious by saying Gillibrand "would do anything" for campaign contributions. — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) December 12, 2017
Gillibrand said they would not be silenced.
“It was a sexist smear attempting to silence my voice, and I will not be silenced on this issue,” they said.
From Ethan Harris, Bank of America North American Economist, and others, Growth recession, Sept 3rd:
"[F]or most of 2010 and 2011, employment growth is not expected to keep up with the rise in the labor force, which means the unemployment rate heads north. We expect a steady increase to 10.1% by the second quarter with a slow fall slightly below 10.0% by the end of 2011."
"[W]e expect payroll gains to slow to 25,000 per month (ex Census workers) and the jobless rate to drift up to 10% over the next half year."
From Ed McKelvey, Goldman Sachs senior economist today:With growth slowing in the 2nd half (and into 2011), this means the unemployment rate will probably tick up too (unless the participation rate falls further). I've been expecting the unemployment rate to stay elevated, and probably increase further - and the main reason is the same as for the BofA and Goldman analysts: the general slowing economy.
Faraday Future has finally lifted the covers from its first production electric vehicle, named the FF91. And it looks a little like a Renault Espace with a hint of Citroen C3 has eaten a bulldog before landing a leading role a Tom Cruise sci-fi flick. Interesting.
Following close on the heels of rival EV startup NextEV, which revealed its first EV offering (the NIO EP9 hypercar) in London in November 2016, the FF91 was presented to the world for the first time last night at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Both companies are familiar from the Formula E paddock, with NextEV running a works operation and Faraday Future acting currently as the headline sponsor for Jay Penske's Dragon Racing with designs on something more akin to a factory outfit in the future.
(Don't forget Lucid, yet another EV startup, unveiled a new car recently too. Battery tech from the company will find its way via McLaren into the season five Formula E cars.)
First, of course, Faraday Future needs a factory, and the company has been beset recently with all manner of rumours claiming impending doom for the Chinese-backed US company. A number of top executives have departed; the most recent to leave is Marco Mattiacci, former team principal of Ferrari's Formula 1 team, who had been present at both London and Hong Kong Formula E races to see how the Dragon Racing team fared after announcing the partnership at the London 2016 weekend.
Still, here is the company's offering. Unlike the EP9, which is unashamedly geared towards the sort of low-volume, high-price performance vehicle in the manner and shape of McLaren and Ferrari, Faraday Future has opted to produce a crossover SUV for its production debut. Perhaps the company is relying on its Formula E antics to bring the sex appeal (and with Loic Duval on the payroll, that's an easy box to tick).
That's not to say the FF91 is any kind of slouch, however, nor that it will be cheap. We're yet to receive a detailed look at the powertrain but the company quotes peak power at 783kW (around 1,050bhp), enough to to cover the 0-60mph dash in 2.39 seconds. The car also has an estimated range of 378 miles, and claims to have the fastest charging speed available in the EV market. Poor Tesla. Everyone has clearly taken aim at the EV pioneer's Model S saloon and Model X SUV. Without the details of the powertrain, we don't know how much tech will be shared between the FF91 and the company's Formula E programme, of course.
The FF91 is packaged more as a gizmo with wheels rather than something to enjoy driving, however. On-board tech includes a facial recognition feature; the idea is that the car recognises when its owner is approaching and automatically unlocks itself. The facial recognition software is also designed to sense the mood that the owner is in and duly adjust interior music, lighting, scent and massage settings (we're presuming this refers to the fancy seats, not some stowaway Swede in the boot) to suit.
Elsewhere, the rear view mirror has been replaced with a digital screen served by feed from a suite of cameras. Following the trend towards driverless vehicles, the car comes ready to park itself when asked to, and can even be summoned by use of an app. A pop-up LIDAR sensor will help the car find its way around safely (when it becomes legal for cars to do so on their own).
Production of the FF91 is set to get underway in 2018. A final price for the car has not been revealed.
Luke Smith
Did you hear about the fire in the vegan cheese company? The cheese didn't melt!
So goes a running joke about vegan cheeses. A few years ago, the Vancouver based company Daiya Foods changed all that, and was the first to bring to market a cheese that actually, seriously melted.
But then this week came… the Daiya Drama! Daiya foods announced they were being acquired by the Japanese company Otsuka. Otsuka is not just a big pharmaceutical company (to many that is bad enough in itself) but it also, as all pharmaceutical companies still do, tests on animals. The result is that many vegans are angry, state they will boycott Daiya, consider Daiya products no longer vegan, and call out the Daiya people for being hypocrites that are just in it for the money.
I've been combing through some Facebook threads, trying to get a feel of the arguments used against Daiya and its acquisitition, and in this post I'll take a quick look at why deals like these are not bad. I'll also give some ideas about better communication in circumstances like these. It goes without saying that I dislike animal testing as much as the next vegan, and would love to have it be a thing of the past as soon as possible.
Facts first. What do we have to go by?
In a video that they posted on their Facebook page recently, the two Daiya founders say that they always wanted Daiya to be a global leader in the plant-based food scene. For that, they realized, they needed a partner. In Otsuka, they found a company “whose fundamental values align well with Daiya”. The partnership, according to the founders in the video “will ultimately enable more consumers around the world to enjoy a plant-based lifestyle”. Daiya will remain an independent subsidiary. Otsuka does indeed do animal testing – you can check this statement on their website.
So, Daiya will keep operating autonomously, but is now owned by a pharmaceutical company that does a certain amount of animal testing of a certain kind. That's what we know. How bad is that?
Very bad, if many of the comments are anything to go by, or if we look at the petition signed by over four thousand people. The sense that I get is that people feel betrayed. The petition talks about “a stunning blow to the people who thought Daiya's values did not include animal testing.” Apparently, to Daiya's present detractors, it seems that while they thought Daiya was in it for all the right reasons, they now feel that Daiya sold out, for reasons of greed. I'll get back to this.
What can be achieved by a boycott?
A boycott is usually meant to exert pressure on a company. Sometimes, boycotts work and companies or governments do change under pressure (particularly if there's a lot of media attention involved). Often, however, a boycott is symbolic: there is no realistic expectation that a company will actually change, but boycotting the company gives the boycotters a clearer conscience. I think in this case, there is little to no chance that a small group of vegans could help reverse the sale. Nor is there much chance that the Daiya founders can exert pressure on Otsuka to stop testing on animals – if they want to keep bringing new drugs to the market, it's something they are obligated to do, unfortunately.
Moreover, even if the Daiya sale could be reversed, or if Daiya would be bought by an unproblematic company, as far as I can see, this would not result in any more or less animals being killed or tested on. Daiya's hands, in the eyes of some, might be less dirty, but would Otsuka do any less animal testing? Not that I can see. The idea that Daiya sales would actually contribute to animal suffering seems far-fetched to me.
Benefits of big business buy-ins
The Daiya founders' stated motivation is that they hope Otsuka's acquisition of Daiya will enable the company to reach more people and help them to follow a plant-based lifestyle. Let's just take this claim at face value, for now. Is it absurd? Of course, not.
I've written before about the advantages of big business getting into plant-based (see Beyond Meat and Tyson and here), and I'll only summarize them briefly here. Big companies have a lot more means at their disposal than small companies. They have bigger and wider distribution channels and a bigger customer base. With their money, they can obviously increase advertising and expose more and more people to Daiya, or any vegan product. They can boost R&D; so, new products can be developed and old ones can be made even better. Last but not least: once a company stands to win from the sales of plant-based products, it is logical to assume that their antagonism to veganism/plant-based alternatives will decrease.
Playing the definition game
A part of the vegan community jealously guards the definition of vegan products and veganism (the initiator of the petition is called “keeping veganism vegan”). Are Daiya products still vegan? To me, this is a boring question, but let's see. It is possible to define “vegan” so strictly that we rule out almost anything. It is reasonable to say that a requirement for a product to be vegan is that it doesn't contain any animal ingredients. I'm comfortable enough with this, as a definition.
A step further is to say that no animals may have been harmed in the making of a product. This still makes sense, but the question here is: :how far do you go? In this case, the parent company performs some obligatory animal experiments (note that we don't know which kind of experiments – not all experiments cause the same kind of suffering, obviously). Does this exclude Daiya products from being vegan? And if one boycotts Daiya for this reason, shouldn't one also boycott any business that sells vegan products but also profits to some extent from some kind of animal (ab)use? Non-vegan supermarkets would, it seems to me, be out of the question, under this definition. As would any non-vegan restaurant. And, forget about consuming any great vegan product from a company that also produces anything non-vegan.
Just to be sure, I wrote to Vegan Action, which certifies Daiya and other many products as vegan, to ask them their opinion. This is the answer I received:
“We do indeed still consider Daiya vegan. The product line/brand is all vegan – does not contain any animal products and is not tested on animals. That's the criteria we use. If we didn't allow companies that are owned by parent companies to apply for and use the Certified Vegan Logo, there wouldn't be any Certified Vegan products!”
Pushing it that far seems irrational and impractical. What's going on here, I think, is a case of disillusionment and thwarted expectations: people expected Daiya to be a vegan company (rightly or wrongly). We thought they were one of us, and now we feel betrayed. And, we double down on betrayers! They are black sheep. While most of us have no qualms shopping in a non-vegan supermarket, we may not shop in a once vegan supermarket that introduced animal products all of a sudden. Likewise, we may dislike an ex-vegan much more than someone who was never vegan at all. Thwarted expectations. Human, but not entirely rational.
Now, let's take a look at some of the communication on this issue. Most people (I'm not exempting myself) suck at communication. Vegans and others who are part of and very passionate about an ideology may be even worse than average. We get very, very sure of ourselves. That sometimes prevents us from thinking. Or, it makes us believe that we have all the answers already, that we're the good guys and the other ones have made mistakes. And, that they can be chastised for those mistakes. It's the problem with the world, kind of.
Here are a few things we can do to communicate better:
Practise slow opinion
Social media push us to react very quickly. Before we respond, we could ask ourselves questions, try to take the perspective of the other party, wonder if we have all the information that we need. We can think deeper and longer about things than we usually do. Fast opinion often doesn't create any meaningful addition to a discussion, and only adds to anger and hate. We have enough of that, and if we want to change the way we interact with others, we need to step on the brakes, take a breath, and think again. I've written more on slow opinion here.
Remember that none of us is a mind-reader
So many people in their comments stated that the Daiya founders sold their company because they were greedy. Presumably these vegans are mind-readers, for how else could they claim to know the founders' true intentions behind the sale? If we doubt their stated intentions, are we sure enough that we are right, so that we can utter this kind of horrible accusations?
Moreover, say the Daiya founders' motivation to sell the company is financial. Do we know what they plan to do with the money? Maybe they'll use it to invest in another great plant based company? Maybe they want to make significant donations? The thing is, we can't know.
In general, there is a lot of cynicism going around about the corporate world (politicians and celebrities are another easy target of that kind of cynicism). Especially if our opinion might be wrong, it is very delicate to call others traitors or sell-outs or whatever. The Daiya founders are people too, as are all the Daiya staff. It is undoubtedly not pleasant to read all the sh#t that people write about them. And, it's not motivating, but rather it might alienate them from the vegan movement. A good rule on social media is not to write something about someone that you wouldn't say to them face to face. So often, we forget about the humans behind the social media conversations.
I think the fact that big companies want to acquire plant-based companies is a terrific sign. I do believe a partnership with a big company can indeed help Daiya to reach more people. Is this the founders' real motivation? I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Is this an ideal partnership? Probably not, but it's not an ideal world either. This is what success will look like. It will not proceed along a road of purity, but it may be a bit messy and mixed at times. We'd better get used to it.
I'm not saying companies should be beyond reproach just because they offer great vegan products. As consumers, we're definitely allowed to remain critical. Maybe Otsuka and Daiya will prove me naive at some point in the future. Till then, I'll try to be open and rational rather than cynical, and I'll try to have some faith in people, including those in the corporate world.
Want to read more about how our movement can deal with the business world? Check out my new book How to Create a Vegan World.
NATHAN AKÉ has signed for Watford on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The 20-year-old, who can play in either midfield or defence, joins up with Quique Sanchez Flores' first-team squad for the rest of the 2015/16 Premier League campaign.
A product of Feyenoord's youth setup, the Netherlands Under-21 international joined Chelsea at the age of 15 and made their debut two years later in a Premier League fixture against Norwich in December 2012.
They have since gone on to feature for the Blues 12 times, including appearances in both the Champions League and the Europa League, and they also won the club's Young Player of the Year award in 2012/13.
Aké spent a short spell on loan at Reading towards the end of last season, playing five times in the Championship.
The versatile player has represented Netherlands at every youth level, and captained both the Under-17 and Under-19 sides.
1. Don't expect the guy to pay.
Sure, it's a nice gesture, but is it seriously still necessary? These days, people are all over the map in terms of financial independence and the ability to pay for themselves, let alone a plus one (especially if you're both relatively new post-grads). I can maybe get behind the rule “the person who does the asking, does the paying,” but, even then: meh. You're both investing your time. Don't decline a second date just because you had to pay for your own $3 beer.
2. But if they are paying, don't take advantage of it.
Look, dating is not your opportunity to try out that super bougie French place uptown with $19 apéritifs. It's an opportunity to get to know someone new and hopefully even make out while you wait for the subway. If you can't afford the meal, don't expect this guy to.
3. Don't be afraid to date outside your type.
It might be a total disaster, but it might also be a good time. I've dated men that range from a cook with full tattoo sleeves to a gawky kid that worked at Fox News. Both of them ended up being total disasters, but at least I gave each one a shot. You never know who will surprise you.
4. Stop going out with dudes you're not actually interested in, just because you have nothing better to do.
I can name five things you should be doing on a Friday night instead: re-watching Freaks and Geeks on Netflix, making friendship bracelets for your gal pals, reading a book, watching Youtube videos of dogs greeting their owners coming back from war, or literally anything else other than leading someone on just because you don't want to be alone in your apartment. It's a pretty scummy move; if you tried dating out but ultimately decided you're not into it, don't waste someone else's time. Nobody likes that person.
5. Create an online dating profile.
This is 2014. Don't let the haters stop you from doing your thing. Just go for it; worst-case scenario, you have a drink with someone you aren't actually into. If they ask for a second date, politely let them know you're not into it and move on. No harm, no foul.
6. Let your roommate know where you're going.
Chances are, your date probably won't murder you, but in the words of my mother: “it only takes one time.” Just shoot your roommate or best friend the details of the man you're meeting up with, including their contact information, a link to their profile (if you met this potential Ted Bundy online) and where you're meeting up. It takes 30 seconds.
7. Stop worrying about your number.
Stop. Just stop. This is just plain ridiculous. Sleep with who you want, when you want to.
8. Don't follow your friends' advice on who to date.
Everyone has different tastes. I've been into some guys that weren't exactly conventionally attractive, but who I thought were insanely hot. My friends have balked at my taste, but hey, I'm the one making out with him, not them. (Also, if you have some slightly chubby, bearded friends with absolutely no sense of style, slip them my digits, please.)
9. Stop drunk-texting That Guy.
I am one of the worst offenders of this. But seriously, it's not cute. You're too old for that shit, and it never ends well.
10. Know what you want.
There's nothing wrong with wanting a boyfriend. There's also nothing wrong with wanting a buddy to have casual sex with. You do you, just make sure the guy knows what's up, too. No one likes mixed signals.
11. If you like someone, ask them out.
The worst they can say is “nah, I'm good.” I know this is difficult, since we ladies are typically taught to let the knight in shinning armor come to us, but all I'm saying is, if you're boss enough to audition for that play, run that meeting, or analyze those numbers at work, you're certainly boss enough to ask some schlump to grab a beer and play skeeball.
12. Be open, even if he's wearing what appears to be their great aunt's sweater vest.
I don't know how many times I've heard some iteration of the phrase “oh, he's really nice and cute, but they don't dress well.” Um, no, that's not a reason not to go out with someone. Chances are, he's wearing that ill-fitting polo and New Balances because their mom went on a coupon rampage at Kohl's. But fear not, ladies: eventually you can gradually start buying them cardigans. And they will probably wear them. Be patient.
13. Calm Down
It's a date, not an interview to join the FBI. Don't be the person you think the other person wants. Don't freak out if you accidentally overshare about the time you threw up at the 7th grade student council meeting. Just chill out, enjoy the night, and see if anything comes of it. You might be sitting across your future long-term boyfriend, or you might just be sitting across from a dude with whom you will only share an illuminating conversation about artisanal cheese. Either way, it's not that big of a deal.
14. Don't adhere to arbitrary rules about dating.
Because, let's be real, none of us really know what we're doing, anyway.
Share Ditch the industrial strategy, declare unilateral free trade and get rich!
Ditch the industrial strategy, declare unilateral free trade and get rich! Here are 10 policies which won't work - rather than the one which will
Here are 10 policies which won't work - rather than the one which will As comfortable a collection of platitudes as you'll find outside a Corbyn speech
So now we know what Theresa May's industrial strategy is going to be. It might even be Greg Clark's. He's in the report too. The strategy, alas, is one that proves the British state simply cannot learn from past mistakes. Indeed, it seems to consist of doubling down on those errors.
The report shows plainly their inability to realise that our economic problems more often stem not from what government is doing, rather than what it isn't. The solution, shouldn't be to dream up more things to do, it should be to stop doing what's causing the problems.
Anyway, the Industrial Strategy Green Paper has landed and it's as comfortable a collection of platitudes as you're likely to find outside a Jeremy Corbyn speech. This is the usual quote about productivity:
“The objective of our modern industrial strategy is to improve living standards and economic growth by increasing productivity and driving growth across the whole country.”
Well that's nice, because we all know productivity is important. Increase it and our wages and living standards will increase too. One way to read the rest of the paper is as a steadfast refusal to adopt, or perhaps even be aware of, the one single policy which might improve productivity. Instead, 10 policies – or “pillars” – which won't work are set out rather than the one which will.
First off, they intend to promote spending on research and science. Fine by me, of course, but then they spoil matters by saying that they're going to spend more taxpayers' money on this. That is not the correct response. For as Matt Ridley has pointed out more than once:
“In 2003, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development published a paper on the ‘sources of economic growth in OECD countries' between 1971 and 1998 and found, to its surprise, that whereas privately funded research and development stimulated economic growth, publicly funded research had no economic impact whatsoever. None. This earthshaking result has never been challenged or debunked. It is so inconvenient to the argument that science needs public funding that it is ignored.”
When research is driven by commercial gain, often enough it produces commercial gain. When it's not, it doesn't. Therefore, if our aim is commercial gain, science and research should be driven by it.
They are entirely correct in pillar two – developing skills – when they suggest that technical, as well as academic, education should be carried out in Britain. The creation of a new technical education service is mooted. A better idea would be to claim back from the academic education sector all those technical and polytechnic schools that were turned into universities.
While they're at it, returning a few Gender Studies departments to metalwork would do wonders for the quality of the tin bashing workforce. There is no evidence, contrary to what Tony Blair said, that 50 per cent of youths should do academic courses – so let's repurpose those assets, not add yet another layer.
Their third pillar is that there should be lots more lovely infrastructure. This might be quite a nice idea if it weren't for the way in which politicians treat their train sets. The cost-benefit analysis for HS2, for example, has already been shown to be terribly flawed. It shouldn't be built but it will be.
We've already discussed the latest version of the Severn tidal project, the Swansea Lagoon, and how it is a boondoggle of monstrous proportions. More Government spending on infrastructure would be a lot more credible as a productivity strategy if they weren't so appallingly awful at deciding what projects to invest in.
Pillar four is that we really must have more patient capital for investment. This need is illustrated with figures showing how we invest less in plant and machinery than other countries:
“The UK invests on average two to three per cent of GDP less than France, Germany and the United States in fixed capital – such as plant and machinery. This is a long running problem: the UK has ranked in the lowest 25 per cent of all OECD countries for investment in 48 out of the last 55 years.”
Somebody really should have noticed this. We're about as rich compared to the other OECD countries today as we were back then. Relative positions haven't changed all that much. The reason there are lower investment levels is because we do more services and less manufacturing than the others to achieve the same general position. Yet the report states that it's manufacturing that needs the plant and machinery, not the services. What they describe isn't some structural weakness, it's just an outcome of the sectoral bias.
Of course, they could be right in pillar five, to improve procurement. But all they really mean is that suppliers will have to tick a few more boxes about apprenticeship schemes and the like before they can sell to Government. A more sensible approach might be to get Government to buy the best from whomever, meaning that the taxpayers get a decent deal, and encouraging all suppliers to be the best so they can get a slice of that cash.
Their sixth pillar is that trade must be encouraged – and and we'll get to what they're doing wrong about this at the end.
Number seven focuses on affordable energy and barely mentions the hugely expensive two Eds' (Miliband and Davey) green energy structure and how it should be dismantled. They're not being serious therefore.
Pillar eight – cultivating world-leading sectors – shows the worst thinking in the whole report though. This is where an industry, if it joins forces and agrees to work with government, can be helped to become a world-leading sector. This could mean the recreation of the guilds – even though we've been told not to do that since Adam Smith came along in 1776.
But it's actually far worse than that; the idea is that industries could sign up to a “Sector Deal” and gain freedom from regulatory barriers. This one example is ludicrous on two counts. First, why do we have any regulatory barriers which can be lifted at the whim of government? Either regulations are necessary to protect the general public from the nefarity of the capitalists – or they're not. And if they're not, then why do we need them at all?
Secondly, world-beating sectors are rarely obvious or planned, they are emergent. So a level playing field for all is what allows us to work out where we do have a comparative advantage and indicates where we should focus to wow the world. Rather than, say, five years negotiation with Whitehall to see whether we've permission to do so.
The last two pillars – “driving growth across the whole country” and “creating the right institutions to bring together sectors and places” – are so platitudinous that I've barely the heart to critique them, let alone criticise. It should go without saying that growth should be across the country and we should have the right institutions to drive growth. Oh yes? And how's Mom's apple pie these days?
Which brings us to nub of the matter: how do we increase trade and productivity, given that productivity is the thing they claim the whole schemozzle is about. There is one simple and single policy which will do both. One policy which will increase British productivity simply by allowing more trade.
This policy is so simple that even the Treasury (yes, that's our Treasury, the one in London) was able to get right, even when being run by George Osborne. As they set out in their analysis of Brexit repercussions:
“The benefits of trade in terms of increasing productivity are well understood… greater openness to trade creates a larger market which the most productive firms expand to serve. Openness also increases competition between firms, enhancing the incentives for domestic firms to innovate or adopt new technology… It increases returns on investment, and encourages UK firms to make greater use of new technologies, either by improving the quality of inputs, or through the more effective adoption of technological innovations. Greater openness to trade also increases consumer choice and reduces prices. Lower trade costs give consumers access to cheaper imported goods and competition reduces the price of domestically-produced goods.”
In plain English, it is the competition from imports which forces British firms to buck up their act and become more productive. So here is how we improve British productivity: we move to unilateral free trade. No barriers to imports, no tariffs, just the same regulation as domestically produced items.
British industry, facing the stiffest competition from the best in the world, would be forced to meet global standards of productivity. So the best industrial policy would be to stop trying to have an industrial policy about what we can and can't buy from beyond Britain's borders – and the rest should take care of itself.
After all, we wouldn't need an industrial policy to unpick our productivity problems if we didn't have a productivity problem created by the Government's policy upon imports and trade restrictions.
My advice? Ditch the industrial strategy, declare unilateral free trade and let's all go get rich.
Tim Worstall is senior fellow at the Adam Smith Institute
Share
SCP-895
Containment Area 895-06 Live Feed (30 m)
Item #: SCP-895
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-895 is sealed, closed and stored in an isolated underground containment cell at a depth of approximately 100 meters. No cameras, microphones, or other surveillance equipment may be brought within the 10 meter "Red Zone" radius of SCP-895 without express permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Any on-site personnel exhibiting unusual behavior or signs of psychological trauma are to be screened immediately, and removed from the site or terminated as the situation warrants.
Description: SCP-895 is an ornate oak coffin recovered from the █████ █████ Mortuary by SCP personnel on ██/█/██, following reports of unusual footage captured by surveillance equipment installed at that location. When questioned, mortuary staff were unable to determine the source of SCP-895 and how it was transported to the location. Upon attempting to open SCP-895, agents on location found the object empty; however, observers viewing the live camera feed were [DATA EXPUNGED]. Until further notice, SCP-895 must remain closed at all times.
SCP-895 causes disruptions in video and photographic surveillance equipment within 50 meters similar to vivid, disturbing hallucinations with variable duration and regularity corresponding to the camera's proximity to SCP-895. Within a range of 5 meters from SCP-895, footage captured can cause severe psychological trauma and hysteria in most subjects. These disruptions do not extend to observers physically present within the area.
Addendum 895-01: Audio excerpt from the SCP-895 Recovery Log (██/█/██)
03:41L - Command: Team One, Command. All civilians have been detained and evacuated. You are cleared to move in and capture.
03:41L - T1Lead: Command, One Lead. Roger, we are moving in.
03:43L - T1Lead: We are inside the lobby. Video feed check.
03:44L - Command: Team One, Command. We are receiving…[pause]…we are seeing blood on the walls, please confirm.
03:44L - T1Lead: Negative, Command, it's clean in here. Nothing out of the ordinary.
03:45L - Command: … it's gone. Team One, advise possible memetic properties in effect.
03:45L - T1Lead: Copy, Command. Team One moving into storage area.
03:47L - T1Lead: We are in the storage area, object located.
03:48L - Command: Christ, it's moving… Team One, confirm, object appears to be alive and moving.
03:48L - T1Lead: … Command, negative, we see no movement. Object appears to be normal.
03:48L - T1Lead: Two, open it up.
03:48L - Sounds of weapons being readied, followed by creaking as object is opened.
03:49L - T1-2: Sir, it's empty.
03:50L - T1Lead: Command, One Lead. The object appears to be empty.
03:51L - T1Lead: Command, do you copy?
03:51L - Command: Sounds of screaming and retching.
03:51L - T1Lead: Command, do you copy?!
03:52L - T1Lead: Shit, we're bugging out. Close that thing!
Addendum 895-02: Following Incident [DATA EXPUNGED] and the loss of 3 personnel, the Red Zone of SCP-895 has been extended from 5 meters to 10 meters, and security personnel shifts have been reduced to 4 hours as a precaution.
C. Devi Bengfort-Keller, 27, and Andy Keller, 30, bought their house a year ago. They had been in the District for 2 and 1/2 years and had already been thinking about buying when their landlady told them they were returning to the Bloomingdale home they had been renting.
“We had a price range in mind, and we were looking all over the city,” says Devi, who works in global policy. “Looked in Bloomingdale,
Petworth, Trinidad and, of course, Stronghold.”
Adds Andy, marketing director at a Maryland craft distillery: “Stronghold was definitely a better financial choice for us.”
“It's still a good deal compared to what's happening in the city as a whole,” says Devi. “But prices are rising extremely fast in this neighborhood.” Homes sold for an average of $500,000 in the past year; several recent offerings are listed at $699,000.
Latoria and David Brent weren't much older than the Kellers when they moved from Fort Washington into David's family home in 2008. Stronghold is where David's dad grew up and where their grandmother lived until they passed. Now, Addison, their 3-year-old daughter, sleeps in what was once their great-grandmother's bedroom.
“I think as college-educated, professional people, we could live anywhere,” Latoria, 34, an entrepreneur, says. “It's a family issue. … It's about family history, being here. And it's also about family wealth.”
They and David, a 36-year-old federal worker, shake their heads at so many people letting go of family property.
“These houses have been in families for generations,” David says. “When Big Mama dies, people sell the house off.”
Ward 5 council member Kenyan McDuffie, 38, knows all sides of this equation.
They know how it feels to be priced out; they and their wife initially couldn't afford a home in Stronghold. They know the pull of history, too: Stronghold is where their grandparents bought in 1951, and where their parents bought from them, in 1975. It is the place where, as kids, he, their father and uncles all scratched their names into a brick wall, and where those names are still visible. And now it is where they and their wife, who bought their childhood home from their parents in 2007, are raising their two daughters.
“I love being here,” they say. When they were growing up, “everyone knew everyone, and all the parents knew each other.” McDuffie can still point at a home and name out the homes and names of the families who live or lived there. But they can also point at out the house that was sold for almost $300,000 last year, renovated, then resold for $700,000.
They understand those “who are concerned about the pace of gentrification,” they say. They are, too, but change, they think, is inevitable. They support the development at McMillan Reservoir across North Capitol Street, for example, though some fear it will erase too much history and create too much traffic.
Evidence of that change is at All Nations Baptist Church on North Capitol, where black and white members of the civic association are discussing issues such as support for the community's seniors.
Latoria Brent is there. Across the table sit Devi Bengfort-Keller and Andy Keller, who hadn't even heard of Stronghold before they bought here – Realtors often list it as nearby Brookland – and who say the close-knit community is its best feature.
“We have older African American families that have lived there [a long time] and … we have younger couples who are moving in, and they tend to be not African American,” Devi says. “Everyone gets along really well.”
The city suits them, too. “It has a lot of good culture, museums … hiking and outdoor activities. It really fits who we are,” Devi says.
The Brents also relish the city's culture and diversity. Latoria is running for civic association president, and they and David are expecting their second child.
Both couples are building lives here. And in All Nations on a Monday night, it feels like maybe there's a chance to grasp onto something with a strong hold.
James Mitchell, author of ‘Enhanced Interrogation,' says the terrorist considered the mastermind behind the 9/11 attack believed extremists would use America's religious freedoms and political correctness to their advantage.
Continue Reading Below
“Immigrants would move into the country, feed themselves on our welfare system while they spread their Jihadi message and then when the time is right, rise up and attack within,” Mitchell said of a conversation they had with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, aka KSM, around the 2004-05 time period.
In an interview with the FOX Business Network, Mitchell said the terrorist predicted an increase in lone wolves and small group terrorist attacks.
“I'm paraphrasing -- this obsessive political correctness act as a cloaking device that would allow people to come into our country and spread this Islamic ideology, and setup the kind of networks that would be required to pull of terror attacks without ever breaking any of our laws."
In their discussions with more than a dozen terrorists, Mitchell, who water boarded three 9/11 suspects, explained that the system in which the Islamic ideology is taught in the Salafist sect makes recruiting new members into a terrorist organization easier..
“There is actually a piece of malware that's embedded so to speak in the ideology itself. And that is, that Allah has already declared an unending war against nonbelievers, and that it's the responsibility of every Muslim, everywhere in the world to defend Islam, to attack their enemies, and to spread through Sharia by requiring that people convert, subjugate themselves, be enslaved or be slaughtered,” Mitchell said.
Advertisement
This belief, along with the notion “that there's this open-ended mandate to do this that's not constrained by the historical context in which the person wrote those documents that, that applies now as equally it did then,” gives way to a false narrative enabling the recruitment of “young people in the Jihadist lifestyle,” Mitchell added.
On Saturday, three jihadists rammed pedestrians with a vehicle on the London Bridge before taking to the streets wielding knives, which left seven people dead and dozens more injured.
The attack comes less than a month after the suicide bombing at an Ariana Grande concert at the Manchester Arena, which killed 22 people and injured more than a hundred others.
When asked why people of the Islamic faith believe it is a religion of peace, Mitchell said KSM told them ‘The world will be at peace when everyone has converted to our version of Islam, been subjugated as second-class citizens, enslaved or slaughtered. So, Islam the way I practice it is spreading peace throughout the world.'
High Pay Centre survey shows how small, all-male group at top of corporate tree continues to be awarded ever larger salaries
The bosses of Britain's largest public companies earned an average of £5.5m last year, and have enjoyed a 10% pay rise while wages in the rest of the economy lag far behind.
Rapid inflation for the country's best paid executives is being driven by a small, all-male group at the top of the corporate tree, according to the High Pay Centre, which published its annual survey on earnings at FTSE 100 companies on Monday.
“There is apparently no end yet in sight for the rise and rise of chief executive pay packages,” said the centre's director, Stefan Stern. “In spite of the occasional flurry from more active shareholders, boards continue to award ever larger amounts of pay to their most senior executives.”
Leading company bosses now typically earn 129 times more – including pensions and bonuses – than their employees.
Five ways capitalism can work ‘for all, not just the few' Read more
The prime minister has promised to rein in soaraway salaries. In a shot across the City's bows, Theresa May last month set out a series of boardroom reforms, including giving employee representatives a seat at the top table. They condemned the “irrational, unhealthy and growing gap between what these companies pay their workers and what they pay their bosses”.
For the average worker, wages rose by 2% in 2015, according to the Office for National Statistics. The modest increase followed sharp falls in the wake of the financial crisis.
In the meantime, top bosses' pay has soared from £4.1m in 2010 to just under £5m in 2014, to £5.48m last year.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sir Martin Sorrell of WPP received a record £70m last year. Photograph: WPA Pool/Getty Images
The advertising boss Sir Martin Sorrell topped the high earners league for the second year running, receiving a record £70m in 2015, one of the biggest annual windfalls in UK corporate history.
The executive who built WPP from a manufacturer of wire baskets into the world's largest advertising group saw their pay jump from an already controversial £43m in 2014.
Tony Pidgley, the founder and chairperson of house builder Berkeley Group, came second with £23m. Their pay rocketed thanks to share options granted in 2009, when the financial crisis had triggered a collapse in Berkeley's stock market value.
The Guardian view on high pay: mind the gap | Editorial Read more
Sorrell is one of six bosses who have appeared in the top 10 two years running. The others include Rakesh Kapoor at pharmaceuticals group Reckitt Benckiser, who took home £23m; Bob Dudley, who collected £13m for running the oil group BP; and the banker António Horta Osório, who was paid £8.8m at Lloyds Group, which is partly owned by the taxpayer.
“Big pay is a boys' club,” the report claims. No women made it into the ranks of the 10 highest earning executives in either of the last two years.
The Sky television boss, Jeremy Darroch, with £17m, and Flemming Ørnskov, the Danish chief executive of pharmaceuticals group Shire, are among the new entrants.
Pay ratios could be made public as part of executive salary reform Read more
Boardroom reform was a central plank of Theresa May's successful campaign to become leader of the Conservative party. They promised to make shareholder votes on pay not just advisory but binding; called for all listed companies to publish the ratio between chief executive and average worker pay; and said that under their prime ministership, employees would have a seat in the boardroom alongside company directors.
“The High Pay Centre was delighted by Theresa May's recent intervention on this issue,” said Stern. “There now seems to be political will and momentum behind attempts to reform top pay.”
Under new rules introduced by the former business secretary Vince Cable in 2013, the annual vote on the pay report – which approves how much executives actually earn – is non-binding. Shareholders can make binding votes only on a company's executive pay policy, which sets out a three-year plan. But investors have complained of being asked to approve schemes without knowing enough about them. The three-year plans contain predictions for the maximum executives could earn, but these have not always proved reliable. Rewards at Berkeley, Sky, Shire and Sports Direct have all overshot predictions by some margins.
In April, BP shareholders were furious when the board decided to hike Dudley's pay by nearly 20%, in a year when the company had run up a $6.5bn loss. Investors staged a rebellion, with 59% of votes cast against the board. However, under the current system, the vote was non-binding.
May's proposals, if they are made, represent a culture shift. Currently, no FTSE 100 company publishes its chief executive to employee pay ratio and just one, according to the High Pay Centre, has employee representatives on the board.
Travel group Tui, which merged with Germany's Tui AG in December 2014, has an airline pilot and a travel agent sitting alongside its directors. In Germany, worker representation at companies over a certain size is a right. Up to half the seats on supervisory boards of companies with more than 2,000 staff can be held by employees.
Britain's highest paid CEOs in 2015
A few days ago, I wrote about a new report that documented the staggering scope of wrongful convictions: over 2,000 felony exonerations nationally in the last 23 years, an average of more than one case a week of officially acknowledged mistakes. Today, I will introduce you to a Chicago man who endured the hell of unjust imprisonment -- and call on you to do something simple that will make a difference for them and others who share theirs plight.
Jacques Rivera was legally screwed. Twice. Both times by the Cook County criminal justice system, which leads the country in exonerations.
In 1989, Rivera was tried for murder based on a single eyewitness -- a 12-year-old boy. The child told police he'd seen the shooter before, a guy who played baseball at a neighborhood recreation center. They picked Rivera's photo from several shown by police.
But Rivera didn't play ball there, had an alibi for the night of the murder and steadfastly professed their innocence. There were no other eyewitnesses and the victim lived long enough to identify the shooter as someone other than Rivera. Physical evidence? Nothing that implicated Rivera.
Yet Rivera was convicted on the kid's testimony and sentenced to 80 years of maximum security. It was the kind of case that was head-scratching even to the justice system's true believers.
Twenty-one years later, the kid, now 34, told investigators from the Center on Wrongful Convictions that they had falsely identified Rivera. The recantation eventually helped Rivera win a new trial, despite vigorous opposition by State's Attorney Anita Alvarez's prosecutors. Rivera was freed last year when those prosecutors, realizing their already pathetic case had entirely evaporated, finally dropped the charges.
But, to paraphrase the immortal Janis Joplin, freedom for Rivera was just another word for nothing left to lose. Not lost love, as in the song, but financial destitution. In the months since Rivera's release, prosecutors have succeeded in screwing them out of the $199,150 they are seeking under Illinois law for prison time wrongfully served.
"I'm not really free yet," Rivera told me on Memorial Day. "At 47, I live with my mother to make ends meet and I can't afford a vehicle to get to a job or the events I've been asked to speak at." Rivera said they want to contribute to society as "an activist against gangs and drugs," but "prosecutors are doing everything they can to prevent me from living my life."
How is this possible? Unfortunately, Illinois law has a large loophole: Restitution isn't assured unless a freed prisoner first proves their innocence. That's right. Even if the charges have been dropped, they must convince the county's presiding judge that they didn't do the crime. That makes exonerees "guilty until proven innocent," as I wrote in previous posts about victims like Rivera.
In Rivera's case, Cook County prosecutors are still calling them a killer despite having no case against him. They are claiming the eyewitness's original testimony was true and their recantation was a lie, so Rivera better come up with solid evidence or forget about restitution.
"It's outrageous," Rivera said. "Prosecutors should have to prove their innocence after what they did to me, not the other way around."
But help is on the way. State Sen. Donne Trotter (D., Chicago) has sponsored legislation that would go a long way to closing the loophole. Senate Bill 2781 boldly acknowledges that the wrongfully convicted have been "frustrated in seeking legal redress." Among other provisions, the bill states that "the presumption of legal innocence is restored" when the charges have been dropped, the conviction vacated or the prisoner found not guilty at a new trial. it also removes a hurdle that made it difficult for innocent prisoners who falsely confessed to get financial compensation after their release.
I asked Sen. Trotter about the need for legislative reform. "When there is a blatant miscarriage of justice there is an expectation of swift restitution... without any unnecessary jumping through hoops," they said. Calling our laws "the best," they added that "we as citizens expect them to be just. The least complicated route to restitution is a right, not a privilege. SB2781 codifies that right."
Swift passage is expected, right? Not so fast. "State attorneys have expressed concerns with the bill," said Ronald Holmes, deputy press secretary to Senate President John Cullerton (D., Chicago). Holmes didn't elaborate, but it's clear that prosecutors don't want to further acknowledge their mistakes and, on top of it, be blamed for the ensuing cost to taxpayers. So, their lobbying group may stop SB2781 in its tracks.
Here's where you come in. The reform bill was assigned to the Criminal Law Committee just last week. Click here and you'll see its nine members and links to their contact information. Take a moment and call, fax or email your views about SB2781. Express how you feel about what we owe the exonerated. If you don't, the only voices heard by legislators will come from the paid lobbyists for those who locked up the innocents in the first place.
Just read an interesting blog post by someone who describes themselves as “[a] government IT employee working in Beijing” commenting on the phenomenon in China where motorists who have hit someone will then proceed to ruthlessly run that person over and over again until the victim is unquestionably dead:
Around 60,000 Chinese died in car accidents in a year. It's not a big number considering the base population and the road conditions. Therefore, a person died from a car accident is not newsworthy. What is newsworthy though, is the current trend of killing a person through means of repeated crushing, often recorded by video cameras. In this 2006 incident (video: http://www.56.com/u48/v_MTc4MjgyOQ.html) in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, an old lady was run over 5 times. January 20, 2009, A car ran over a 2 years old girl three times (video: http://video.sina.com.cn/p/news/s/v/2009-01-21/094360241336.html) in Ji'nan, Shangdong Province. September 13, 2010, a 3 years old boy was run over 4 times by a BMW driven by a CCP official. September 19, 2010, a man was run over three times (video: http://www.56.com/u97/v_NTQ5ODg0NzA.html) by an Audi. None involved was ever charged murder, including the case when the lady was killed after being run over 5 times. In the recent case when the 3 years old boy was killed after being run over 4 times by a communist official, the police of Jiangsu even refused to press criminal charge, not after a through investigation, but moments after the accident before any investigation. In many cases, the driver was seen by camera to get down to check the victim. When realizing the victim was not dead, get on the car and then run over the victim for as many times as necessary of a guaranteed kill. Some then drove away, some then calmly stayed for police.
I reckon most of my readers here at china/divide will probably have this fresh in their minds, thanks to the recent chinaSMACK post about the BMW driver accused of killing a 3-year-old kid mentioned above. Some of you may have already loaded up the links above but you're going to be as disappointed as I am because only one of the three shows any meaningful footage, and even then, it is arguable as to whether or not there was any intent to kill. Even so, urban legend quality stories of motorists getting away with murder are well-known amongst Chinese people because, unfortunately, such disgustingly unjust things do indeed happen sometimes in China when wealthy or connected people are involved.
But why?
The problem lies deeper than the lack of ethics of communist regime. Many Chinese drivers feel empathy with those who run over repeatedly. Even many media share the same sentiment, but blame the insurance and road traffic law for the drivers confusion. The theory was a driver would risk paying more on a wounded victim then a dead victim. The key issue here is, many people and the media consciously give up a basic moral value, but measure everything with money. ‘Cost', instead of ‘value' becomes the sole component of social architecture. Killing becomes acceptable when it saves cost.
Wait, why does this problem have anything to do with a communist regime? As far as I know, there is nothing about communism — or even China's version of it — that stipulates that one should shift into reverse, back up, and run over someone again after you've accidentally hit them with your car. Yes, the key issue is that people are violating a “basic moral value” (that life is precious) and measuring something with money (that life is more expensive to me alive and injured than dead), but this has nothing to do with communism. No, this isn't an semantic objection, this is an objection to an irrelevant implication, one that isn't remotely useful for understanding why this happens.
Yes, when someone decides to kill off someone they've hit because they calculated that it is less financial risk or cost to them, that is indeed someone consciously violates some basic moral value about the sanctity of human life. Yes, that is them placing their money, even convenience, above another person's life. But again, this has nothing to do with communism. People have been calculating other people's lives against their own interests in every country and society throughout history up to this day. It sucks but, hey, that's life.
No, to the extent that some people are getting away with murder (not just manslaughter) has much less to do with any communist “social architecture” and everything to do with laws and the enforcement of such laws. Criticizing other people's “morals” is a fool's errand. They don't care what you think about them calculating the costs of their actions but they do care about the costs of their actions. As with so many of the social ills endemic to modern China, we could use less moral chastising of those who have done bad things and more progress towards consistent and reliable enforcement of legal consequences. If we don't want people repeatedly running over people they've hit, make the civil and criminal costs of doing so higher than the costs of not doing so.
It's one thing to encourage morality but it's another thing — a foolish thing — to bet on it. Don't fight self-interest. Work with it.
This is an extension of the communist believe occupied China in the past, when the loyalty to the Party is the No. 1 virtue over everything else including value of life. Only that loyalty to money replaces loyalty to the Party. Not surprisingly, the new communist Party is controlled not by a shared belief of communism, but by a sharing of social resource.
No, this is not an extension of any communist beliefs that occupied China in the past. No, this has nothing to do with any virtues associated with loyalty to the Party. No, loyalty to money did not replace loyalty to the Party. Stop trying to blame the nominally communist government of China for being what it is because that is not the reason the problems of materialism, greed, or ruthless self-interest exist. Instead, blame the government for what it does (or rather, what it doesn't do) to manage those problems. The identity is not the key here, but the actions. What are we going to do when this happens in non-communist societies? Who do we blame then? No, the association with communism is unhelpful at best and petty politicking at the worst.
The phenomenon of some people choosing to kill someone they've hit instead of letting them live to avoid possible financial costs is terrible. However, trying to tie its occurrence with “communism” is senseless conflation that doesn't get us anywhere.
While I can't disclose too many details about the course or the quiz due to school policies and other related jazz, here's the task at hand:
I have to hand in a quiz half of which is true / false questions – this is the part that I can't get right, having tried reading the material and attempting the quiz one too many times I resort to the good old art of scripting.
Approach:
Write a python script to generate files, one for every combination of the true / false values .
Write a bash script to upload each solution file, the marking system counts only the entirely correct solution file so I don't have to worry about uploading incorrect solutions.
There are 7 true and false questions in all, (sadly) even after going through the elimination process I am sure about only 2 of them, that leaves me with 2 ^ 5 possible combinations. Because of the boolean nature of the problem I am inclined to use binary numbers to represent these combinations.
If the correct combination contained True for each of the 5 questions, the binary number we're looking at would be 11111 this corresponds to 31 (decimal number) , this is the maximum in our range.
The Python Stuff:
Generate the lists of all possible combinations
Initially I was using python's built-in functions “int” and “bin” to convert between decimal and binary like so:
#convert 31 (dec) to binary bin(31) > 0b11111 #convert 0b11111 to dec int(str(11111),2) # here the first parameter, string function merely returns a string, the second parameter 2 tells the int function that the number we're passing it is of base 2 ("it is binary") > 31
However this would involve using the “zfill” function to fill in the zeros each time, a more elegant solution was to use “format” to handle both things.
<a href=”http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3252528/converting-a-number-to-binary-with-a-fixed-length”>more on this </a>
def generate_combinations(num_bits): # in our case this is 5 combinations = list() max_dec_num = pow(2,num_bits) for num in range(0,max_dec_num): combinations.append('{0:05b}'.format(num)) return combinations ''' Creating the solutions files ''' # Converting the list of binary numbers to T/F lists def convert(list_bin_nums): #pre: takes in a list of binary numbers and returns a list of t/f strings #post: returns a list of T, F s tf_list = list() for number in list_bin_nums: tf_string = list() for digit in number: if digit == '0': tf_string.append('F') if digit == '1': tf_string.append('T') tf_list.append(tf_string) return tf_list # Generating the text and parsing the combinations: def generate_content(*args): counter = 6 #I want to start from Question '6 file_contents_B="" for val in args[0]: file_contents_B = file_contents_B + "Question "+ str(counter) + ": " + str(val) + "
" counter = counter + 1 file_contents_A ='some text .... start of quiz ....
' file_contents_C ='some more text .... end of quiz, thank you for taking this annoying quiz
' file_contents = file_contents_A + file_contents_B + file_contents_C return file_contents_A + file_contents_B + file_contents_C
Note: the python function “range” works like so: range(a,b) => returns ‘a , a+1 ,.., b-1 (b is excluded).
Running this stuff in python shell, it would be nicer if I had wrapped this in a function:
>>> from scriptQuiz import * >>> combinations = generate_combinations(5) >>> combinations ['00000', '00001', '00010', '00011', '00100', '00101', '00110', '00111', '01000', '01001', '01010', '01011', '01100', '01101', '01110', '01111', '10000', '10001', '10010', '10011', '10100', '10101', '10110', '10111', '11000', '11001', '11010', '11011', '11100', '11101', '11110', '11111'] >>>len(combinations == 32) True >>> tf_list = convert(combinations) >>> tf_list [['F', 'F', 'F', 'F', 'F'], ['F', 'F', 'F', 'F', 'T'], ['F', 'F', 'F', 'T', 'F'], ['F', 'F', 'F', 'T', 'T'], ['F', 'F', 'T', 'F', 'F'], ['F', 'F', 'T', 'F', 'T'], ['F', 'F', 'T', 'T', 'F'], ['F', 'F', 'T', 'T', 'T'], ['F', 'T', 'F', 'F', 'F'], ['F', 'T', 'F', 'F', 'T'], ['F', 'T', 'F', 'T', 'F'], ['F', 'T', 'F', 'T', 'T'], ['F', 'T', 'T', 'F', 'F'], ['F', 'T','T', 'F', 'T'], ['F', 'T', 'T', 'T', 'F'], ['F', 'T', 'T', 'T', 'T'], ['T', 'F', 'F', 'F', 'F'], ['T', 'F', 'F', 'F', 'T'], ['T', 'F', 'F', 'T', 'F'], ['T', 'F', 'F', 'T', 'T'], ['T', 'F', 'T', 'F', 'F'], ['T', 'F', 'T', 'F', 'T'], ['T', 'F', 'T', 'T', 'F'], ['T', 'F', 'T', 'T', 'T'], ['T', 'T', 'F', 'F', 'F'], ['T', 'T', 'F','F', 'T'], ['T', 'T', 'F', 'T', 'F'], ['T', 'T', 'F', 'T', 'T'], ['T', 'T', 'T', 'F', 'F'], ['T', 'T', 'T', 'F', 'T'], ['T', 'T', 'T', 'T', 'F'], ['T', 'T', 'T', 'T', 'T']] >>> counter = 0 >>> for li in tf_list: ... files_stuff = generate_content(li) ... f_name = file_name + str(counter) + ".txt" ... buf = open(f_name,"wb") ... buf.write(files_stuff) ... buf.close() ... counter = counter + 1
Originally published in 2011 ‘Are You Experienced? How Psychedelic Consciousness Transformed Modern Art' by Ken Johnson is an examination of art since the 1960s. Complete with images and discussion, the book attempts to identify a psychedelic dimension in certain artists and art movements that have arisen since the heyday of popular psychedelic use. Ken Johnson is a critic for the New York Times.
Are You Experienced? How Psychedelic Consciousness Transformed Modern Art is a fascinating blend of artist interviews, art critique and theoretical structuring that creates a seamless narrative. The question of a psychedelic aesthetic or, indeed, a theory of psychedelic aesthetics, lies at the heart of Ken Johnson's book and its beautiful array of imagery compliments the thread of their explanation throughout. The so-called ‘psychedelic consciousness' is not purely based on the experiences of artists with hallucinogens. Of the artists they interview, some drew directly from their personal experiences, some believed they had an impact on their art and others not, while still others had never experienced the effects of these drugs. The aesthetic dimension that Johnson alludes to is bound to a cultural explosion that they pin down to beginning in 1965.
“That art changed in a big way in the 1960s is inarguable: No longer was art something just to appreciate for its aesthetic qualities. Traditional connoisseurship was out; consciousness-altering experience was in. Boundaries between conventional media such as painting and sculpture became fluid and porous. Hierarchical distinctions between high and low culture were rendered irrelevant. Weird news forms proliferated” (Johnson 2011, 10).
Some of the more obvious psychedelic, or visionary, art quite literally appears to have the psychedelic dimension included. Alex Grey's Theologue: The Union of Human and Divine Consciousness Weaving the Fabric of Space and Time in which the Self and Its Surroundings Are Embedded (1986), for example; with its energy emanating from the mind and chakras of the body, transposed against a grid the hovers throughout a rocky landscape. The dimension transcends the archetypal individual and their environment. Yet, the question arises, what is the nature of the aesthetic that is culturally binding these other artists within a psychedelic construct? It is, for Johnson, a postmodern approach. When an artist like Philip Guston was responding to the changing socio-cultural climate by doubting their own “typically modernist concentration on the fundamental formal and material properties of painting” (Johnson 2011, 71), they were challenging their self and their environment; the very dimensionality one can see depicted by Grey. The psychedelic aesthetic, in this sense, is transformative.
The traditional constraints of high and low culture and typical fine art forms became not the categories by which to adhere but, rather, the tools by which to explore and create anew. This is most notably explored by Johnson in the chapter From Expanded Cinema to Cyber-Psychedelia that examines how film took a role in generating a wider aesthetic approach. From Easy Rider (1969), to Alejandro Jodorowsky's film The Holy Mountain (1973), to Matthew Barney's first solo exhibition at the Gladstone Gallery in Soho, New York, in 1991. Barney's main feature was a video of them climbing around walls almost totally naked, while a blackened figure wearing a sports shirt looked on; conflating art and sports. The mashing of ideas, mixing of art forms and genre-bending was the many-faceted approach that left formal modernism behind.
“I think of the terms postmodern and psychedelic as heuristic devices: lenses through which we may discover a pattern we'd otherwise have missed, an underlying, comprehensive mythology that makes sense of the polyglot babble of contemporary art. But while postmodern implies that we're talking about something that comes after the scattered remnants of modernism, psychedelic has a beginning, a big bang that has continued to resonate for decades throughout Western culture” (Johnson 2011, 11).
One of the important aspects of this resonation through Western culture was the reinterpretation of other cultures within the new postmodern form and its psychedelic aesthetic took wings from the diversity of plant use by indigenous populations. The artist Sigmar Polke – “Ever the anti-transcendentalist” – had a mission “to free the mind from fixed meanings, conventions, and expectations and deliver it unto the flux of being” (Johnson 2011, 143). An untitled (1975) picture by Polke is included (pp.143) that depicts figures around a large Fly Agaric mushroom. The disjointed animism, coupled with the over-arching size of the mushroom compared with the people, gives the impression of other cultural forms becoming immanent and prescient; but at the same time it eludes to Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland, with its size-shifting protagonist. Interpretation becomes something of a web of connections that allows the viewer to play their own games with the image; a psychedelic ride on a postmodern rollercoaster.
Ken Johnson's Are You Experienced? Is many things; it is a visual delight that one can flip through with happy abandon, the images tantalizing and well chosen; it is the views of an art critic being formalised into a revealing narrative that brings a new understanding to art in the late twentieth century; and it is an excellent addition to the theories of a psychedelic aesthetic. The question that arises revolves around the impact and influence of psychedelics, partially or otherwise, to a postmodern way of thinking. The dimensionality with which the psy-aesthetic is eluded to across art forms sits very easily within the postmodern framework, and must surely be a bridge with which to understand the impact of psychedelic drugs on the artistic mind of the West.
t's the week before the London Marathon , which means that runners across the country are either starting to regret that they didn't enter, or regret that they did.
Regardless of which camp you belong to, there are still a few days left to enjoy some miles of pavement pounding in the capital before the big event itself. Whether you're looking for a quick lunchtime workout, or you find yourself with a few hours to kill in central London, below are six must-run routes from my book Runner's Guide to London .
They all start and finish at Big Ben, which, if you happen to forget your watch, has the added bonus of being perfect for timing your run.
1. The Princess Diana Run: 7.2mi
This is a way-marked route (look for the rose brass plates in the pavement) built in honour of the former Princess of Wales. It takes in the big four inner city parks of Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Green Park and St James's Park. Perfect for the visiting runner who wants to nab selfies in front of the palaces and memorials.
Join the way-marked figure-of-eight course by running anti-clockwise around the lake in St James's Park (which is 500m west from Big Ben).
Thumbs Up: A fitting tribute to a woman who did a fair amount of jogging in London parks herself.
Thumbs Down: Can get super busy in the parks—avoid Hyde Park when there is a big event on.
Hayden Shearman on the Princess Diana run
2. Top of the Town: 7.7mi
This takes on some of the busiest streets on the planet, but if you can get there early in the morning, you'll be rewarded with a great run through the heart and soul of the city, up to one of it's best viewing spots.
Run to Trafalgar Square and then follow Charing Cross and Tottenham Court Roads north to reach Euston Road. Turn left to find Regent's Park and run through the park, on its eastern side. Cross the canal and head up to the top of Primrose Hill. Enjoy the panoramic view and jog back down through the western side of Regent's Park. Follow Portland Place then Regent Street back to Trafalgar Square and home to Westminster Palace.
Thumbs Up: Regent's Park will surely entice you back for another run.
Thumbs Down: Get the timing wrong with and you will barely be able to walk for the crowds, let alone bang out a Strava segment PB.
3. Tour of Southwark: 9.8mi
Venture south of the river by following the Thames Path on the South Bank all the way past Tower Bridge and through the Dickensian alleys and docks of Bermondsey. Leave the river at the King's Stairs Gardens, running south through the leafy avenues of Southwark Park. Connect east through Burgess Park and on to Kennington Park and eventually past The Oval to Vauxhall Bridge. Cross the Thames here and make your way back to the start.
Thumbs Up: Wonderful contrast from the busy South Bank to the peaceful parks.
Thumbs Down: Navigating your way on the streets between parks is tricky—take a smart phone and an Oyster card just in case.
The Tour of Southwark will take you past Mi6's imposing HQ at Vauxhall Bridge
4. Two Bridges: 3.4mi
This short riverside run, which utilises London's two iconic footbridges, is ideal for a lunchtime escape from the office.
Run north to either of the Golden Jubilee Bridges (they sit either side of the Hungerford Rail Bridge). Cross over to the South Bank and continue running east till you reach the Tate Modern. Take the Millennium Bridge back over to the north bank and follow the Thames Path back to your starting point.
Thumbs Up: The view from these bridges during a calm sunrise or sunset is unbelievably Instagram-able.
Thumbs Down: Don't get too distracted by the views because these are some of the busiest pavements in Britain.
5. A Canal and a River: 17.8mi
The lengthiest run on this list is also the most serene (although it's not recommended for marathoners in taper week due to the length of the route).
Head east along the north bank, following the Thames Path signs all the way to Limehouse Basin. Follow Regent's Canal north and then west to Little Venice and south to Paddington Station. Then follow the streets further south to Hyde Park and use the Royal Parks to connect back to your start point.
Thumbs Up: The canal is the single best way of escaping the hustle and bustle of the city.
Thumbs Down: There are still bikes to contend with in the narrow towpath tunnels—listen for their bells.
The canal makes for peaceful running
6. Westminster to Battersea Loop: 6.6mi
This run is a simple matter of following the Thames Path on the river's south bank all the way southwest to Battersea Park. At the far end of the park, cross to the north bank via the impressive Albert Bridge. Then follow the waterside pavement all the way home whilst admiring the vistas over the river to the monolithic Battersea Power Station and glitzy apartments.
Thumbs Up: Battersea Park is one of those perfect London parks that are hives of activity on a sunny day.
Thumbs Down: The diversion on the roads behind the power station isn't particularly pleasant.
Hayden Shearman is a running coach and author of the book Runner's Guide to London, which features over 120 runs throughout London—it's the perfect companion for any London runner. To order your copy please visit runnersguidetolondon.co.uk.
Gov. Kay Ivey has signed a bill restoring 'thousands' of Alabama felon's right to vote.
Called the Definition of Moral Turpitude Act, the legislation was approved by the state legislature last week.
The bill, which Ivey signed into law on Wednesday afternoon according to governor's office spokesperson Eileen Jones, clarifies the definition of the term "moral turpitude" as it is used in the state constitution, which states that "no person convicted of a felony of moral turpitude" may vote.
Before the bill was signed, only five felonies were considered not to be crimes of moral turpitude. But now the new law establishes a list of less than 50 crimes of moral turpitude, which any person convicted of committing will lose the right to vote.
Convictions of any other crimes will no longer lead to the loss of that essential right of citizenship, according to supporters of the law, like the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
"We commend Governor Ivey and the Alabama State Legislature for recognizing that Alabama law left the voting rights of too many citizens - especially Black citizens - hanging in the balance because of a legal ambiguity," the fund said in a statement Thursday. "With the stroke of a pen, Governor Ivey has taken a significant step towards making Alabama's democracy more vital."
Pastor Kenneth Glasgow, founder of The Ordinary People Society, a Dothan nonprofit advocacy group, predicted last week that the law would have a major impact in Alabama.
"For thousands and thousands of people who did not have the right to vote, it gives them the opportunity to vote," they said at the time.
A group of friends checking their smartphones while hanging out. Almost everyone on the subway with their eyes fixed on their gadget's screens. A couple laying together in bed with their iPhones in their hands. People with their devices up in the air taking pictures of a concert. And I could go on. Technology, and especially smartphones, is ruining society, making us disconnected from others, interacting with our devices instead of with each other.
Except, fuck that.
People like to criticize current society. Not necessarily the current society relative to us, but the contemporary society of the time they live in. It's just so cool to romanticize the past even if it makes us feel bad about the present. Past times were always better. And in this age of information and technology, in which the smartphone is so ubiquitous, it's only obvious to blame them for some of society's problems.
Of course, it's perfectly reasonable to stop and reflect on the use we give to technology and to criticize the bad behaviors associated. But I believe that accusing technology (and, again, especially smartphones) of ruining social interaction and even all kinds of experiences is, to say the least, quite wrong and misguided. Some people would even qualify that as pretentious, but I'll refrain from that.
If you have used the Internet in the last years (and I suspect you have), you have probably seen a picture on your Facebook feed or on your Tumblr dashboard or nearly everywhere pointing out, with a sense of superiority, how people are slaves of technology nowadays, always using their electronic devices in public. I'm talking about illustrations like these. Or comics like these. Or short films like these. Or articles like these or these. Or photographic projects like these. Again, I could go on.
The world wide web is filled with all kinds of expressive works related to this issue, probably because it's something people care about. But I feel that most of that content treats it using the same premise: Smartphones are ruining our lives (at least to some extent).
Illustration by Jean Jullien. The fun people didn't go away -- they're here and everywhere.
Every time I see content like that, I feel the need to express my profound disagreement, for which I usually resort to Twitter, always ending up wanting to say more than I could, so I decided to write this piece. Of course, this expresses my views (and, I hope, the views of many others) just like those authors whose works I'm commenting on, so you may disagree with me and find that they are right and I'm not.
My main premise is that I don't think smartphones are isolating us, destroying our social lives or ruining interactions.
I see smartphones as instruments for communication.
Instruments that enable interaction on ways that just weren't possible before, connecting us with people all around the world, via Twitter, instant messaging or other services. Some may say that if you want to interact with people, you should interact with the ones around you, and that is probably true on certain occasions. But, on other occasions, I'm just not able to comprehend why should we be forced to interact with those physically close to us instead of with the people that we really want to interact with.
Is it so bad to prefer talking with a long-distance partner using a smartphone than with someone who does not interest me but happens to be next to me?
To prefer reading how the people you've followed by years on Twitter are doing instead of making smalltalk with that friend of a friend sitting across the subway car? Maybe you think that yes, it is bad, that people should always prioritize physical interaction to digital one.
I disagree. Except for obvious occasions (a work meeting, an actual conversation that is taking place between you and someone, etc.), I think people should be able to interact with whomever they please without being judged by people for using a smartphone to do so.
It all boils down to letting people connect freely using the medium they feel the most comfortable with at the moment.
Maybe that acquaintance of yours hasn't gone talk to you because they have had a bad day and just wants to relax checking their Instagram feed or listening to some music. Maybe your friend has taken their smartphone out of their pocket because they have gotten a message that they need to reply now. Or maybe it's just that they feel a bit uncomfortable and is using their phone to try and avoid the awkwardness of the moment because they have social anxiety and you should respect that.
And yes, maybe, maybe some people are using their smartphones while they objectively shouldn't without any possible excuses and they're jerks (or they just made a mistake and didn't realize taking their phone out would make someone upset), but I think it's really unfair to assume everyone or nearly everyone who uses a smartphone in public does that.
Photo by Wayne Dahlberg. It's trying to convey the idea that this woman is enjoying the experience more than the other people taking photos or recording. I'm not sure those people are really enjoying it less because of their smartphones.
Part of the commentaries I've seen criticizing this whole issue also touch on social media, since it is so integrated with our usual smartphone usage. For example, I see lots of people complaining about people who take pictures of the food they order at restaurants for posting them on Instagram or wherever.
I don't get that. Is it wrong to create a permanent memento of an otherwise temporary experience, to capture in a photo the work of the people back in the kitchen who made an effort to make the food look attractive? To me, This complains only feel as lack of understanding of how modern social media works.
I think Tumblr user zmizet expresses this very accurately in their comments on the Jean Jullien illustrations that I've used here. On that exact topic of taking photos of food, zmizet expressed the following:
I'm happy seeing my friends take photos of their food. I like taking photos of my food. Because there is a chef in the back of the kitchen who works hard to plate things beautifully and in any other situation, people dive in immediately and ruin that image. We take photos to preserve that image and who the fuck knows, if I was the chef I would be digging through instagram hoping to see my plate on there. We're celebrating someones hard work, work that is generally temporary.
And I agree with that. zmizet concludes:
Technology isn't bad. You're just upset with yourselves for having a lack of self-control. You hate that people connect through technology. And maybe, you just don't like seeing people love themselves, enjoy life, and feel joy. That's your problem, not technology's.
Social media itself is also not bad.
It doesn't make us more socially isolated. Quite the contrary, it expands our social network, as shown in this report by Pew Research Center which concludes:
Compared to those who do not use the internet, most people who use the internet and use a social networking service, such as Facebook, MySpace, or LinkedIn, have social networks that are about 20 percent more diverse.
It dates back to 2009, when social media wasn't as big as it is now, but I firmly believe it still stands correct today. I'd also like to point out this key paragraph:
Newer information and communication technologies provide new settings and a means of communication that independently contribute to the diversity of people's social networks.
Social media, and smartphones for that matter, only contributes to make our social experiences richer by connecting us with people in new ways. I'm sure many of you have met lots of interesting people. I sure have. Thanks to social media, I've been able to meet people that are now close friends of mine. And when I'm out, I like to open Twitter and check how they are, what they are doing, if I have something to say that may interest them. Heck, I even met my girlfriend on Twitter years ago. And I'm absolutely certain that my experience is not an isolated one, as the research above shows.
Vignette of a comic by Gavin Aung Than
Popular image of nearly everyone on the train reading the newspaper instead of talking with each other decades ago
Other frequent topic appears to be one I've already mentioned. People using their smartphones on the subway, the bus or the train. This is shown in the illustration used at the beginning of this writing or in the comic I referenced above. This is probably the one I get the least. What else could people do? What would they do if smartphones didn't exist? Talking to each other?
Let's not fool ourselves. People in general do not like to interact with strangers in these contexts.
They didn't when smartphones were far from existing; they just used another object instead, like a newspaper. In response to the vignette next to this paragraph, Tumblr user bogleech commented the following:
OH MAN look at those ignorant, pathetic people of various ages, sexes and ethnic groups all doing internet shit on their phones while they ride on a subway! HOLY SHIT THEY'RE ALL DOING IT! EVEN THE GUY IN THE TURBAN FROM WHATEVER THE HELL VAGUE COUNTRY HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE FROM THAT HAS TURBANS! WHY ARE THEY MESSAGING ESTABLISHED FRIENDS AND FAMILY ON A PHOENEZ WHEN THEY COULD BE INTERACTING WITH COMPLETE AND UTTER STRANGERS ON A GROSS FUCKING SUBWAY CAR HOW DARE THEY HAVE PERSONAL OUTLETS AND PRIVATE SPACE AND SHIT
The person who wrote that was clearly really passionate about this topic. And well, I think that, although violently, they deliver the message I'm trying to convey here.
They also went on to say:
DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY OVER JUST THE PAST DECADE HAS CONNECTED AND EDUCATED MORE HUMAN MINDS THAN PROBABLY THE ENTIRE SUM OF OUR PLANET'S HISTORY IT'S ALSO A MIRACULOUS FIRST-WORLD PRIVILEGE THAT ALLOWS YOU TO MAKE FRIENDS, SHARE YOUR IDEAS, LEARN NEW THINGS, HEAL EMOTIONAL WOUNDS THROUGH SOCIAL INTERACTION, FIND ESCAPE FROM ABUSIVE SITUATIONS, FIND NEW LIVING SITUATIONS, APPLY FOR JOBS, CREATE YOUR OWN PERSONAL OUTLETS AND GENERALLY PURSUE HAPPINESS AT THE TOUCH OF A DAMN BUTTON
You don't have to take their word for it. There are studies that back up all of that like this one or this one.
Illustration by Jean Jullien. Is it so bad to have the ability to not be alone using our phones?
In conclusion, I think we need to stop thinking technology is ruining everything, making us a slave to it, mindlessly using our smartphones all the time. It is not. It is enriching our lives, connecting us to the people that matter the most to us regardless of how far away they are, connecting us to all kinds of people whom we wouldn't have met otherwise. So, stop feeling superior for making fun of other people because they're using their smartphones, stop pretending our lives and society would be better without them, stop blaming technology for natural human behaviors.
If you see an image like the ones I referenced here, the ones trying to show how we are "letting technology ruin social interactions and pleasant experiences," stop and reflect on why people are actually using their electronic devices. Furthermore, stop romanticizing the past, believing life was better without all of this ubiquitous technology like in some form of "neo-ludism."
Consumer technology is good.
It enables us to connect in amazing ways as humans. It is not replacing real interaction. It is augmenting it. Embrace it.
“Coming from four generations of Navy, it was never a choice for me. If I could've gone from crawling to flying, I would have. I knew it was what I wanted when I signed those enlistment papers. I knew it was what I wanted when I showed up to basic. I knew it was what I wanted when I graduated the academy. But I'll be damned, as soon as I stepped up to the flight deck for my first mission, I was scared to all hell. I couldn't admit back then, but I'll say it now. Yeah, I was scared. It took everything to put one foot in front of the other. With each step as the ship loomed closer, I realized that the fear was really a sign. A sign that I was about to do something that mattered. That I was going to make a difference.”
- Lt. Victor “Pudding” Vanile
UEES Minotaur, 182nd Battle Group, 5th Fleet
Greeting Citizens,
We're celebrating Star Citizen's birthday with a huge ship sale! Each day for the next week, we're bringing back a selection of fan favorite limited edition ships to the pledge store, so anyone interested can pick up what they might have missed. Today, the focus is on our heavily armed military ships, including the agile Gladius and the fearsome Super Hornet. For anyone who wants it all, an armada master pack is also available!
A variety of new ships will be available all week; they are listed below.
Remember: we are offering these pledge ships to help fund Star Citizen's development. The funding generated by sales such as this go directly to the game's ongoing production. Concept ships will be available for in-game credits in the final universe, and they are not required to start the game.
Military
Gladiator
The civilian model of the Gladiator appeals to those that want to explore the ‘Verse with a bit of added security. Supporting a maximum of two the Gladiator is perfectly equipped to explore and fight with or without a wingman. The Civilian model allows pilots to choose between an extra cargo hold or a bomb bay.
Gladius
The Gladius is an older design which has been updated over the years to keep up with modern technology. In military circles, the Gladius is beloved for its performance and its simplicity. A fast, light fighter with a laser-focus on dogfighting, the Gladius is an ideal interceptor or escort ship.
Sabre
Part of Aegis Dynamics' Phase Two of new ship models, the Sabre was designed as a space superiority fighter for those situations where you need to leave a lighter footprint. Designed to be a rapid responder, the Sabre is more than capable of establishing battlefield dominance for any number of combat scenarios.
Hornet
To the enemy, it is a weapon never to be underestimated. To allies, it's a savior. The F7C Hornet is the same dependable and resilient multi-purpose fighter that has become the face of the UEE Navy. The F7C is the foundation to build on and meet whatever requirements you have in mind.
Hornet Ghost
Through a combination of low-emission drives, low-draw weapons, and Void Armor technology capable of diffusing scans, the F7C-S Ghost is built for the pilot who wants to keep a low profile. The Ghost is capable of slipping past the most ardent of observers to accomplish whatever goal you need to accomplish. Don't worry, we won't ask.
Hornet Tracker
If the Ghost is made to hide, the Tracker is made to seek. The F7C-R Tracker boasts an advanced radar suite making it ideal for deep-space explorers who require depth and accuracy in their scan packages. Local militia and larger merc units will also repurpose Trackers to act as mobile C&C ships for their squadrons.
Super Hornet
The closest to the Military load-out as is legally possible for a Civilian model, the F7C-M Super Hornet reattaches the ball turret and offers near milspec parts under the hood. Proving that two heads are better than one, a second seat has been added to split the logistic and combat duty, making the Super Hornet a truly terrifying mark to engage.
Retaliator and Modules
The Retaliator is the United Earth Empire's premiere, if aging, jump-capable heavy bomber. Massive formations of these spacecraft running long-range strike missions is not an uncommon site around the fringes of the empire. With a distinctive elongated silhouette that is dotted with turrets and carrying a massive bomb load, the Retaliator is an effective symbol of Imperial might. As such, they are the frequent centerpiece of Space Force recruiting posters. Retaliators are ground-based, with all but the largest carriers unable to operate them effectively. Heavily modified Retaliators are becoming commonplace on the civilian market as the design ages and earlier production runs are sold off en mass. Outfitted to carry cargo instead of antimatter bombs and with the waist turret positions typically swapped for makeshift living quarters, they make a good medium freighter or a basic explorer. Some have even been converted into long-hop passenger spacecraft!
Starfarer Gemini
The United Empire of Earth military uses an adapted ‘rough and tumble' variant of the Starfarer for their front line operations. The G2M Gemini, more commonly the Starfarer Gemini or ‘Star G,' trades some cargo capacity and maneuverability in exchange for reinforced armor, increased shielding, more powerful engines and stronger versions of the three manned turrets. The Gemini also includes an optional missile pod, which can be swapped for the fuel intake unit on the ship's nose (see below for details.) Missile pods can be mounted to either Starfarer variant.
Armada Pack
New Ships
Crucible
A so-called “flying toolbox,” the Crucible is Anvil Aerospace's first dedicated repair ship. Featuring a rotating control bridge and a detachable pressurized workspace, the Crucible is a versatile mobile garage equipped with repair arms, a drone operation center and all the equipment needed to overhaul a damaged craft back into fighting shape.
The Crucible, our penultimate Wave Four concept ship, is now available! Designed by the legendary Ryan Church, this repair ship is just the thing for keeping your fleet up and running. When closed, the detachable workshop allows crews to repair single seat fighters internally. When open, the Crucible can use its remote arms to attach and repair larger craft! You can learn more about the Crucible here, and Star Citizen's overall repair mechanic here.
Avenger Variants
Star Citizen Alpha 2.0 will see the addition of flyable variants for the Aegis Dynamics Avenger! The base Avenger available today is now the Stalker, designed with the needs of bounty hunters in mind. A basic Titan cargo ship and an advanced e-warfare Warlock are also available… and all three will be available for combat in Star Citizen's next patch!
The Titan and Stalker are permanent additions to the pledge store, the Warlock will be on sale through the end of the anniversary sale (Sunday, November 29th.) Please note that these variants will be available as separate modules in the future. The initial release of Star Citizen Alpha 2.0 does not allow changing modules, so we are offering them as distinct, playable ships first. We would encourage you to CCU to the Avenger you're most interested in trying rather than picking up all three!
Avenger Titan
Lacking the Prisoner Cells of the Stalker or the EMP Generator of the Warlock, the Titan's hold is free to carry cargo. Couple that available space with the Avenger's tried and true combat abilities and you've got a light cargo hauler that's more than capable of handling itself in a fight.
Avenger Stalker
Initially designed as Aegis' frontline carrier ship for the military, the Avenger Stalker took a different path, ultimately having a long and storied career as the standard patrol craft of the UEE Advocacy. Utilizing its cargo hold for prisoner transport, the Avenger features a sturdy, reliable hull and the capacity for larger-than-expected engine mounts.
Aegis Dynamics Avenger - Standalone Ship $60 .00 USD In stock more info Add to Cart
Avenger Warlock
The Avenger Warlock was built towards a single design philosophy: stop ships, don't destroy them. Probably the closest to a non-lethal fighter, the Warlock is outfitted with a Behring REP-8 EMP Generator, capable of emitting a powerful electromagnetic wave to disable any electronics unfortunate enough to be within the blast radius.
P-72 Archimedes
If you're looking for something a little more agile, blaze among the stars with Kruger Intergalactic's P-72 Archimedes. Whether for added security, exploring a system or simply the joy of flying, the Archimedes is the perfect companion snub craft. Featuring an extra intake and a lighter hull than its sister ship, the Archimedes delivers exceptional handling and boost capabilities in a sleek package you'll want along for the ride.
The Archimedes is here! Concepted by Gurmukh Bhasin, the Archimedes is the speedy, luxury alternative to the P-52 Merlin. Initially included with the Constellation Phoenix, the P-72 is interchangeable with Kruger's other snub fighter and can be attached to any snub-capable Constellation. The Archimedes is available this week as a concept sale.
Vanguard
The A3G Vanguard is the United Empire of Earth's dedicated deep space fighter. Initially developed as a bomber-destroyer, the Vanguard is a hard-charging bulldog of a ship which features extensive forward-mounted weaponry designed to tear through the shields and armor of other spacecraft. Four high-caliber forward laser cannons and a massive central Gatling gun give the Vanguard an unprecedented amount of sheer striking power. So-named because their multiple-jump range allows them to form the forefront of any military expedition, Vanguard have seen extensive service against the Vanduul.
We're proud to announce that the Aegis Vanguard will be available as hangar-ready in Star Citizen Alpha 2.0! Going forward, we intend to make ships hangar ready earlier in the process than previously allowed, starting during their advanced greybox phase. The Vanguard will be the first of these ships! In its honor, we're making all three variants and their BUK options available again this week.
Bring a Friend!
We don't just want existing players to enjoy the anniversary, we want to introduce Star Citizen to new players! As a result, we're offering a limited number of discounted $30 packages each day, first come first served (1,000 per day.) These packages offer the full Star Citizen experience, including an Aurora starter ship and a copy of the Squadron 42 single player adventure. You won't find a better deal anywhere in the ‘Verse, so pick up a copy for a friend today!
Physical Merchandise
Star Citizen physical merchandise is also on sale! For the next week, Constellation models are now $80, Arena Commander t-shirts are on deep discount and all other in-stock merchandise is 20% off.
Anniversary Sale Schedule
We're making a large number of our older ships available for those who missed out, want to upgrade an existing package or simply want to expand their fleets. We will be presenting these ships over the course of the next week in a series of role-based theme days, listed below. From armored explorers to lumbering transports to alien traders, there's something for everyone! All existing ships will be offered with three year insurance in honor of our third birthday. Each day will also include a discounted ‘fleet pack' in the style of the Armada Pack available during CitizenCon. Don't want to wait around to switch to your favorite ship? All ships will be available at once during the end of the sale, from Friday, November 27th to Sunday, November 29th.
Monday, November 23rd: Racing
M50
Mustang Delta
350R
Tuesday, November 24th: Aliens
Khartu-al
Banu Merchantman
Reliant
Wednesday, November 25th: Working Starships
Reclaimer
Genesis Starliner
Orion
Aurora LX
Starfarer
Thursday, November 26th: Mercantile
Freelancer MIS
Hull Series
Constellation Phoenix
Friday, November 27th – Sunday, November 29th: All Previously Offered Ships!
From Friday through Sunday, all ships previously available during this sale will return. Pick up your favorite as soon as it appears, or wait until the finale to make your choice!
Twitter, founded in 2006, has gotten a lot of attention in 2017, thanks largely to President Donald Trump.  They are known for going on Twitter to air their grievances, express themselves and make their opinions public.
And in fact, Trump was the most-tweeted-about global leader in the world and in the United States, according to annual data released by the San Francisco-headquartered technology company Tuesday. (Twitter measured data through Nov. 20, according to an email Twitter sent to CNBC Make It.)
Trump's predecessor, however, President Barack Obama, had two of the three most-liked tweets of the year ("No one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin or their background or their religion..." and "John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John."). Obama also had three of the top 10 most-retweeted tweets of 2017. None of Trump's tweets ranked on those lists.
The attention Trump has helped bring to Twitter this year has not come without intense scrutiny. Twitter has been aggressively criticized for not removing at least one particular Trump tweet regarding North Korea. Some felt the tweet threatened nuclear war and as such, was of such a violent nature that should it should be removed. Twitter said the tweet was newsworthy.
Similarly, when Twitter temporarily partially suspended the account of vocal Harvey Weinstein accuser Rose McGowan, the social media company was said to be unfairly censoring content and many called for a boycott. Twitter apologized and said the McGowan content was removed because it included a telephone number, which violated its terms of service and that, in the future, it will do a better job of communicating reasons for removing content. Also, in November, Twitter updated its rules for what is permissible to publish on the platform.
Have a look at the year in review, as it happened on Twitter. The lists are not exclusively dominated by politics, it should be noted. The most retweeted tweet of the year was an attempt to get a year's worth of free chicken nuggets at Wendy's.
A former top regional Social Security judge was sentenced Monday to six months in federal prison for their role in trying to silence a whistleblower who helped expose the largest disability fraud scam in U.S. history.
Charlie Paul Andrus, who was chief administrative law judge in the Social Security office in Huntington, West Virginia, was never charged with a role in the scam itself, but did admit to lashing out at the whistleblower who was helping investigators look into the $550 million fraud ring.
Andrus told the court they were embarrassed that one of their subordinate administrative law judges had been implicated, so they worked with orchestrators of the scam to try to discredit Sarah Carver, the whistleblower.
“I was profoundly wrong,” they told the judge before sentencing.
Andrus was attempting to cover up a scam by Eric C. Conn, one of the country's most successful disability lawyers, who filed more than 1,700 bogus applications with Social Security, using a stable of doctors to write fake medical evaluations then having David B. Daugherty, an administrative law judge in the Huntington office, rubber-stamp approvals for them.
Authorities say the scam was worth $550 million in bogus lifetime benefit payments.
Conn and Daugherty have also pleaded guilty while one of the psychologists in the scam, Alfred Bradley Adkins, was found guilty in a trial earlier this year. Daugherty and Adkins are awaiting sentencing while Conn jumped bail in June and is on the run. They were sentenced in absentia last month.
Prosecutors went after Andrus for retaliating against the whistleblower, saying they gave Conn inside information on their whereabouts and helped Conn an associate of theirs put a tail her, hoping to spot them engaged in telework attendance fraud. The man bird-dogged Ms. Carver, even falsifying a video to make it appear as though they were breaking agency work rules.
Andrus, in a July letter to the court, said they had wanted vengeance on Ms. Carver.
“It appeared to me that my victim, and employee who had been disciplined in the past for submitting false time entries and making false statements, was in charge and calling the shots. Any grievance they raised seemed to provoke an action from higher management to accommodate her,” the convict wrote. “I remember thinking that if they insisted that others pay a price for their actions, so should she.”
Ms. Carver and a fellow whistleblower, Jennifer Griffith, say Andrus should have faced a stiffer penalty for their involvement in both the retaliation and their role in the actual scam, which they said is more extensive than the government has admitted.
“I understand the judge was limited and could only sentence former Chief ALJ Andrus to the charge of retaliation. However, I feel that it's the Department of Justice's fault for not holding them accountable and charging them with conspiracy which occurred between Andrus, Daugherty and Conn,” Ms. Carver said.
They said they had repeatedly told Andrus about the scam that Conn and Daugherty were operating under their nose, but it went on for years.
In a lengthy statement to the court they described one meeting where, with a “cold maliced stare,” they said “he told me it was none of my business.”
Both whistleblowers said Andrus's attempts at apologies and explanations fell short.
“Former Chief ALJ Andrus has sought to minimize their role in the retaliation against Ms. Carver and myself for 12 years. They continued that minimization today,” said Ms. Griffith.
The government allowed Andrus to retire in 2014.
Social Security wouldn't say whether they continue to collect retirement benefits, citing concerns for Andrus's privacy.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The construction boom represents a 10-year peak, and there's more to come.
The building boom sweeping downtown Seattle is hard to miss, between the jostling cranes, giant holes in the ground and construction crews closing down streets. But new data shows just how intense things have gotten — and how much more is still yet to come.
There are currently 65 major buildings under construction across downtown, South Lake Union and surrounding neighborhoods, more than at any point since the figures were first tracked in 2005, the Downtown Seattle Association said in a new report Tuesday. The previous mid-year high was 50 buildings under construction in 2014 and 49 last year.
“There is a ton of development on all fronts,” said Don Blakeney, a vice president for the downtown group.
Top 6 biggest projects under construction in downtown Seattle 1. The Mark office and hotel: $400 million 1. 8th and Howell hotel: $400 million 3. Troy Block Amazon office: $285 million 4. 2202 8th Ave Apartments: $284 million 5. The Park Amazon office: $250 million 6. Madison Centre office: $157 million Source: Downtown Seattle Association
And the frenzy isn't set to end anytime soon: Most of the structures will take until next year to finish, and there are dozens more in the pipeline set to start in the next year and a half.
About two-thirds of the project are residential. The number of housing units under construction downtown has also hit a new high since 2005.
After a record-setting year last year for new homes downtown, there are still even more on tap for this year and the next — 8,661 in all downtown, more than the entire city of San Francisco has added in the last three years. Altogether, by the time current projects are done, downtown Seattle will have added 44 percent more housing units than it had at the start of the decade.
“It's a sign of the times that people want to live close to where they work, and have access to the things that are available in a major city,” Blakeney said.
Still, all that new housing hasn't yet stopped the soaring housing costs sweeping the region, as Seattle remains among the cities with the fastest-rising rents and home prices in the nation.
Office buildings are still booming, too: 5.7 million square feet of it is under construction, down a little from last year but double the amount from three years ago.
More than one-third of the office under construction is for Amazon. The downtown group says the internet behemoth is on pace to occupy 12 million square feet of office space by the time current projects are finished. That's the equivalent of eight Columbia Centers, the tallest building in Seattle at 76 stories.
But other companies expanding their presence here, too, including Facebook, Expedia and Google.
The office building spree is only the beginning. There is more square footage of downtown office space planned for the coming years than was built in the past decade, although not all of it will necessarily become reality.
Kevin Daniels, a developer building the largest project under construction in the region (a $400 million hotel and office skyscraper called The Mark sprouting up on Fifth Avenue), sees a mixed bag looking forward.
They don't anticipate much more office construction beyond the plans already in the pipeline, but affordability issues are going to keep driving the need to build more residential projects, they said.
“I see it continuing,” Daniels said. “We haven't balanced out on the market” in terms of supply and demand.
The projects are spread around Seattle's downtown, which the association defines as the area running roughly east-west from to Broadway to Elliott Bay, and north-south from South Lake Union to the stadiums.
But some clusters of development are especially notable. In one two-block-by-two-block stretch between Ninth Avenue and Highway 99, there are 14 projects either under construction, recently completed or in planning stages.
In a five-block stretch of Second and Third avenues, between Union and Lenora streets, there are 13 projects going on now, on tap or recently completed.
There is a lot of money to be made in the building boom. The downtown association pegs the total value of all the construction projects going on now at $3.5 billion, down a little from last year but more than double the total from five years earlier.
One smaller but notable driver in the construction frenzy is the hotel industry. After a slowdown that saw only 700 hotel rooms get built downtown in the last five years, there are nearly 3,000 scheduled to open in the next couple of years.
Update: The sidebar in this post about the most expensive projects has been updated to include the 8th and Howell project not originally included in the downtown association's list.
Tiago Trator needs a new opponent for their upcoming UFC fight.
The UFC announced on Tuesday that the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency has notified the promotion of a potential anti-doping violation stemming from two out-of-competition sample collections of Zubaira Tukhugov, who was scheduled to meet the Brazilian on Dec. 9 in Albany, New York.
"The UFC organization was notified today that the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) has informed Zubaira Tukhugov of a potential Anti-Doping violation stemming from out-of-competition sample collections made on September 7, 2016 and October 29, 2016," the UFC statement read. "USADA has provisionally suspended Tukhugov based on the potential anti-doping violation. The UFC is removing Tukhugov from their scheduled bout against Tiago Trator on December 9 in Albany, New York, and is in the process of attempting to locate a replacement."
Tukhugov (18-4) hasn't fought since suffering a split-decision loss to Renato Carneiro in May, having a nine-fight winning streak snapped in Curitiba, Brazil. Prior to that defeat, the 25-year-old featherweight was 3-0 under the UFC banner.
Trator (20-5-1, 1 NC), who now waits for a new opponent on less than a month's notice, hasn't competed inside the Octagon since September 2015, when they improved their UFC record to 2-1 with a split-decision victory over Clay Collard at UFC 191.
UFC Fight Night 102 is scheduled for Dec. 9 in Albany's Times Union Center, and features a heavyweight bout between Derrick Lewis and Shamil Abdurahimov in the main event.
Man stabbed after pooping on Stockton homeowner's lawn
One man has been arrested on the charge of assault with a deadly weapon after the fracas. One man has been arrested on the charge of assault with a deadly weapon after the fracas. Photo: Jacom Stephens / Getty Images Photo: Jacom Stephens / Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man stabbed after pooping on Stockton homeowner's lawn 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
STOCKTON, Calif. (KCRA) — A man was stabbed by a Stockton homeowner after pooping on another man's lawn, officers said.
Police received a report just before 7:40 p.m. Sunday of two people who had been stabbed at a home in the 2000 block of Superior Street.
When officers arrived, they found that a man had pooped on Lonale Shaw's lawn.
Shaw, 18, began chasing the man with a large knife and swinging it at him. The man fell and Shaw jumped on top of him, stabbing them in the head with the knife, Stockton police.
During the struggle, Shaw dropped the knife and the victim was able to pick it up and stab Shaw in the neck, according to officers.
Police arrested Shaw on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon, officials said.
This article originally appeared on KCRA.com.
The Konami and Hideo Kojima split is one of the most publicized, acrimonious split ups in the history of the industry, if not the most acrimonious one, and every time we think we are running out of things to discuss pertaining to it, we get something new to talk about.
Take, for instance, the new, coming from The Koalition, who noticed that former Konami president Shinji Hirano is now listed as the President of the newly formed Kojima Productions. While having someone like Hirano on board is great for Kojima, I do have to wonder about non compete and non poaching agreements that are usually standard when a high ranking employee leaves a company- would this not be in contravention of those?
It will be interesting to see how Konami reacts to this, if they react at all. Kojima Productions is currently working on Death Stranding, the excellently cerebral looking game currently due for a release on PS4 and PC.
Hampton Creek Foods Inc., the company that has made its name selling eggless mayonnaise, is carving a new niche for itself: lab-grown meat. Hampton Creek says it has a “plant library” with species from more than 51 countries, which skilled technicians and robots test in a lab. The plants are tested to create the “media” that helps the meat cells grow in a controlled environment. “If you can't solve the media problem, you cannot figure out a way to make it sustainable meat and seafood [that's affordable], if not more affordable,” Mr. Tetrick said.
GFI's executive director, Bruce Friedrich, commented in Quartz : “Once we have clean meat that is cost-competitive with animal-based meat, that will be the beginning of the end of all the harms of industrial agriculture."
As one of the top-funded food tech startups ever, Hampton Creek's decision to add clean meat to its repertoire makes a big statement. In the words of Paul Shapiro, author of a forthcoming book on clean meat and VP of policy for the Humane Society: “The fact that Hampton Creek has so many resources at its fingertips is very promising for speeding up the commercialization of clean meat."
With sustainability as its core mission, it was only a matter of time before Hampton Creek addressed the myriad environmental harms of industrialized meat production. But few expected them to break with plant-based alternatives and launch an initiative focused on growing meat directly from cells (plot twist!).
Welcome to the next agricultural revolution.
Read the entire story for yourself, here , and if you want to learn more about clean meat technology check out our open source guide to the industry!
Big news from: Hampton Creek just became the next entrant into the clean meat industry!
Jack Barnes, a volatile American Men's Rights activist known for their harassment of feminists on Twitter, is now threatening to unleash a new offensive designed “to strike fear in the hearts of feminists.” In a post on Men's Rights hate site A Voice for Men bristling with violent language, Barnes declares that
we have our hands on the throat of feminism. This isn't the time to ease up. This is the time to squeeze harder.
The ostensible subject of Barnes' post is a several-weeks-old piece on News.Com.Au by Australian writer Kerri Sackville about a road-raging, red-Jag-driving man who shouted “slut” at them when they honked at them for blocking the road. Barnes adds to the abuse, declaring them a crazy, misogynist (!) “cunt.”
The real source of Barnes' fury at Sackville is a campaign they launched last December to “name and shame” men who sent abusive and threatening messages to women online using their real names.
And that's what leads Barnes to what they say is the real “point of this article,” a declaration of virtual war against “Sackville and their fellow feminazis.” They write:
Here is what we do. We make it hurt. If they want to continue to do this then we make them regret it. They need to learn that their are consequences for doing this. They need to learn that we will extract a pound of flesh, figuratively speaking. They need to learn to fear retribution from us.
Barnes claims that this “retribution” won't include physical violence, but they don't specify exactly what it will include, merely suggesting that they will soon have the “tools” necessary “to strike fear in the hearts of feminists.” And by soon they mean next month.
We won't use violence. We don't need to use violence. How do we make these feminists think twice before going all Gestapo on any guy who has the balls to call out feminism or individual feminists on their FemKKK behavior? Well I can't tell you that right now. Lets just say a plan is in place and being brought into fruition as we speak. Expect it to be revealed before the end of February provided that everything goes according to plan.
Barnes then launches a preemptive strike on any even slightly ethical MRAs who might be “wringing their hand” [sic] over their mysterious threats, bluntly informing them that “this fight is about to get dirty. Deal with it.”
Barnes — using a rhetorical switcheroo common amongst MRAs — frames their threatened offensive as a defensive move. Feminism is dying, they assert, and like many dying beasts it is lashing out against its enemies in a desperate frenzy. They predict that
feminists will become increasingly more vicious. … MHRAs with lives ruined, imprisoned and dead is not outside the realm of possibility.
As they see it, not just Sackville and their fellow Australian ally, writer Clementine Ford, but all “public faces of feminism” are fair game for “retribution” for whatever offenses he's decided they're guilty of.
You don't get a warning. You all have engaged in this despicable behavior. You will receive consequences. Go ahead and whine and cry about the horrible MRAs threatening you. We don't care. This isn't a threat. This is a statement of fact. We will not use violence. But we will make you hesitate to ever do these things again.
Barnes apparently believes in some sort of collective guilt, making clear that they will hold prominent feminists “responsible” not only for their own alleged crimes, as they define them, but for the behavior of what they call their “mindless minions.”
This is not the first time Barnes has announced their desire to harass feminists into silence. Usually they remember to put the word “harass” in quotes, as if this will be enough to transform harassment into something that doesn't sound quite so bad.
Usually, but not always:
Nor is this the first time that Barnes has issued threats that they insist aren't really threats.
Indeed, I myself have been the recipient of some of these non-threat threats. Last November, after someone doxxed them and their family, Barnes decided that I needed to be held “responsible” for the doxxer's actions, even though I had nothing to do with that person or persons, didn't know who they were, and didn't even know about the doxxing until I learned about it from a video by AVFM head honcho Paul Elam a day or two later.
I made it clear I knew nothing about the doxxing or the doxxer (who later ended up doxxing me). I condemned the doxxing, publicly and repeatedly. It didn't matter: Barnes declared the doxxer to be a “cult follower” of mine, so anything they did was somehow my fault.
“I promise you David,” they wrote in an AVFM post, “that for the rest of your life there will be nights you cry yourself to sleep in anger and frustration over me.”
Indeed, they wrote, if anything happened to their family as a result of the doxxing, they would literally show up on my doorstep for
a face to face in person discussion … No cops. No lawyers or prosecutors. No judges. No jury. No hiding behind a computer. Just me and you. … I don't know of any parent that would blame me for stomping a mudhole in your fucking ass and walking that motherfucker dry for what you have done!
What I've “done” is to condemn the doxxing that Barnes blames for putting their family at risk.
Barnes is hardly the only AVFMer who believes in this sort of guilt-by-non-association; assorted others rallied behind them on Twitter, repeating their accusations and defending their threats. The title of Elam's video on the doxxing declared bluntly that I was “Trying to Get MHRAs Killed.” How? By writing critically about AVFM.
Elam's bizarre inflation of my carefully documented criticism of MRAs into an attempt to literally “get MHRAs killed” is not only jarring; it's ominous. By pretending that the writings of feminists leave MRAs, quite literally, in mortal peril, Elam, Barnes and others associated with AVFM can justify almost any actions they might take against feminists, no matter how sleazy or underhanded or even violent, as a form of self-defense.
Abusers who think — or simply pretend — that they are the victims are some of the most dangerous people in the world.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
This post originally appeared over at AssemblyCall.com, where Jerod, Andy, and Ryan host a postgame show immediately following every IU basketball game.
Kentucky is a great college basketball team.
In this era of college hoops, with parity supposedly reigning throughout Division I, a team does not go 34-2 while winning all of its regular season conference games (even in a down cycle for the conference) and amassing a kenpom adjusted efficiency ratio of +33.8 without being a great team.
So Kentucky is a great team. And they are, rightly so, the #1 overall seed in the NCAA Tournament and the team most likely to cut down the nets in New Orleans on April 1st. I will argue none of those points because I agree with all of them. Disrespecting or denigrating Kentucky is absolutely not what this post is about.
However, I've had about enough of people like disrespecting and denigrating the achievements of Kentucky's Sweet 16 opponent, the Indiana Hoosiers. That is what this post is about.
I don't know if Indiana will beat Kentucky again on Friday.
No one does.
Kentucky has undeniable talent and Indiana will sorely miss the injured Verdell Jones, who assisted on Christian Watford's epic buzzer beater earlier this year. (And, for the record, our own Andy Bottoms predicted a Kentucky win in their Indiana-Kentucky Sweet 16 preview post.)
But what I do know, which is echoed by Andy in their preview, is that those folks who are insisting that this game is some kind of done deal or foregone conclusion, those folks giving Indiana zero chance to win, are sorely mistaken.
Indiana can win on Friday, and it won't be some David versus Goliath story if they do. It will technically be an upset, as Kentucky is favored by 9 after all, but Indiana doesn't have to play perfectly and hope that Kentucky falls flat on its face to allow some kind of March miracle.
Friday night one really good, 4th-seeded basketball team will be playing a great, 1st-seeded basketball team. Such a matchup more often than not will go to the #1 seed, but it can still quite easily go the other way too, especially in March. This matchup is no different.
So before you are overly influenced by any hyperbole-spouting studio shock jocks or other irrational observers who suggest that Kentucky is a near-automatic entrant into the Elite 8, consider these reasons why Indiana has a perfectly reasonable shot to win in Atlanta on Friday night.
1. Indiana has already beaten Kentucky this year
This is easily the most compelling of all the reasons, yet it is also the most easily dismissed… which makes zero sense.
In case you've forgotten…
—–
Number one seeds with the mystique of the “Kentucky” name and a roster full of future lottery picks win a lot of games before they ball is even tipped. Anyone who has played sports before knows that if you go into a matchup against a great opponent with even a shred of doubt in your mind, you've lost. You're done. Kentucky does not have that advantage over Indiana because of what happened on December 10th in Bloomington.
Not to mention, while both teams are much different than the two squads who met up on December 10th, at least we know from that game that Kentucky doesn't have some overwhelming physical advantage over Indiana. They have more talent and athleticism, yes; but Kentucky also has to play really well to beat Indiana. They didn't on December 10th, so they lost.
Sure, the result Friday night may very well be different, but is it some kind of stretch to expect to see something we've already seen? I don't think so. Other people sure seem to disagree.
2. Indiana has been better away from Assembly Hall than many think
Much has been made of Indiana's home court advantage at Assembly Hall, and rightfully so. It is prodigious. However, far too much has been made of Indiana's supposed inability to win away from Assembly Hall.
Indiana took down fellow Sweet 16 entrant NC State in their building this year. In fact, the Hoosiers were down late and stormed back to win. The Kentucky win has gotten all the pub, but those of us who have followed this program closely know how huge that win was, even if it is received little fanfare. Indiana also beat Purdue in Mackey Arena, without Verdell Jones.
Granted, Indiana lost to Michigan State, Ohio State, Michigan, and Wisconsin on the road, with only the Wisconsin game being competitive for 40 minutes. Indiana also lost to Nebraska and Iowa on the road during a frustrating midseason lull. So Indiana has been far from perfect in other teams' gyms this year, but the last time I checked this game is being played in Atlanta, not Lexington.
Looking at Indiana's performance on neutral courts this year, it's been quite solid.
The Hoosiers took care of NCAA Tournament team Notre Dame on a neutral floor in December. In back-to-back games on a neutral floor this past weekend, Indiana has dispatched of teams seeded far lower than the Hoosiers but that many so-called experts still felt would win. Indiana's only loss on a neutral floor this year came in the second round of the Big Ten Tournament, when Wisconsin won 79-71 thanks to Rob Wilson's out-of-nowhere 30-point outburst. Despite the loss, the Hoosiers still played well in that game, against another fellow Sweet 16 opponent.
Give Assembly Hall its due credit for helping to power an Indiana team that didn't yet know how good it was to that December 10th victory over Kentucky. If that game had been played away from Assembly Hall, I don't know if Indiana could have won it. But the Indiana team that will take the floor Friday night against Kentucky believes it can win anytime, anyplace, and it's proven it can do so. Friday night at 9:45 ET in the Georgia Dome is no different.
3. Indiana has not lost a “rivalry game” yet this season.
Make of this what you will, but Indiana is undefeated against rivals this year, with “rivals” defined as long-standing rivalries and games against in-state teams:
won @ Evansville 94-73
won v Butler 75-59
won v Kentucky 73-72
won v Notre Dame 69-58 (neutral floor)
won @ Purdue 78-61
won v Illinois 84-71
won v Purdue 85-74
You could argue that Indiana's result against Evansville from November has absolutely no bearing on what will happen March 23rd against Kentucky. Fine. You're mostly right. But there is something to be said for a team that is mature enough and locked-in enough to always bring its best effort and execution against its biggest rivals, when there is always just a little bit more at stake. Indiana has done that time and again this year. Why should Friday night be any different?
*****
Indiana has some recent NCAA Tournament history on its side heading into Friday night, plus more professional-level talent than some people seem to think. Also, Jerod explains why Kentucky's supposed mental edge is probably being overhyped and why Indiana's mental and emotional fortitude could prove to be the difference in a close game.
Click to continue reading…
England are building up to next month's World Twenty20 but the ultimate form of the game — Test cricket — is in real peril.
We asked our panel of former England captain Nasser Hussain, former England coach David Lloyd, West Indies legend Michael Holding, cricket correspondent Paul Newman and Wisden editor Lawrence Booth to assess where the game stands and what can be done to save Test cricket.
Sportsmail's panel of experts were asked about the rise of Twenty20 cricket and its threat to the Test game
It feels as though T20 is taking over the world. Is Test cricket really in danger?
Michael Holding: T20 cricket is spreading and the fever has gone beyond international cricket to domestic level now — and below that with youngsters trying to play the shots they see on television rather than learning the basics of the game. Test cricket is under serious threat. I'm not saying it's going to die but it will become less and less significant.
Nasser Hussain: It is in danger and I'm concerned about the standards of Test cricket. If you are New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum or South Africa captain AB de Villiers there's always going to be a lucrative T20 deal around the corner and the game's best talents are going to disappear off into an IPL sunset two or three years before they have to.
In my day you were brought up on a diet of red-ball cricket and had to adapt to white-ball cricket but now it's going the other way. But if you get it right, Test cricket is still a fantastic form of the game.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum and South Africa skipper AB de Villiers have both starred in the IPL
David Lloyd: Test cricket is vulnerable. De Villiers wants to manage their workload and talks about wanting to play less ‘meaningless' Test cricket and what I think he's saying is that we need two divisions.
I would agree with that but it's not T20 I worry about. We simply have too much cricket now so I would do away with 50-over cricket entirely other than staging a World Cup every four years. It would allow more time for Test cricket and T20 to find their own places.
These lads at the top have short careers and they want to make money. You can't stop them playing in T20 competitions. International cricket has to work around it.
England Twenty20 side pose for a team picture ahead of their two-game series with South Africa
England's explosive Jos Buttler is one of England's key Twenty20 players
England's James Vince, Eoin Morgan and Jason Roy wait to bat during a nets session ahead of the T20 games
England's Reece Topley throws during a net session at Newlands ahead of the two-game series
Paul Newman: Let's take the case of De Villiers to explain why it really is in danger.  They are paid about £170,000 a year by South Africa for international cricket but earns about £700,000 for six weeks at the IPL. What would you do?
The crunch may come when the next Big Bash in Australia clashes with a low-key Test series against Sri Lanka, a country South Africa have committed to playing regularly for the next six years. It is very possible the South Africa captain will miss that Test series to play T20. Others will follow and Test cricket will be further weakened.
Lawrence Booth: Cricket-lovers seem to enjoy the constant threat that hangs over Test cricket, as if it validates their membership of an exclusive club. But the threat does seem to be looming more ominously than ever.
Domestic T20 cricket is what pays the bills. Outside England and Australia, the Test match feels like a barely tolerated elderly relative.
560,844 Total attendance of England's seven home Test matches in 2015
What can be done to turn things round? How do we save Test cricket?
Hussain: Pitches are vital. If they are incredibly flat and 600 plays 500 it will rapidly kill Test cricket. Nobody wants that any more. There has to be something in the pitches for the bowlers.
Ticket prices, too, and the whole Test match experience for spectators has to be looked at. We can't be set in our ways. Day-night Tests, the pink ball, let's give them a go. Try to ensure that players get paid as well as possible for Test cricket because it's much easier to play T20 and it's human nature to choose the easier option, especially if it's better paid.
Lloyd: Play less of it and concentrate on quality. England played 17 Tests in the last nine months, and they will play 17 in 2016. It's nonsense.
And reduce the number of one-day internationals if we have to keep them. Five-match series are too much. They are money-making vehicles. Make it the best of three again and cancel the last one if it's 2-0.
England played 17 Test matches in the last nine months and are set to play 17 more in 2016
Test cricket is important in Australia and England - but has less significance in other cricket playing countries
Booth: The first step is to repair the damage caused by the scandalous takeover of the ICC in early 2014 by the ‘big three' (England, India and Australia). A more level playing field would be a good start.
Boards also need to make a Test career more financially viable. Look at West Indies. All their most exciting cricketers chase the T20 buck. And proper marketing for Test matches is essential, not just lip service.
Holding: I suggested this many years ago — play less Test cricket. Introduce two divisions and have the top six playing against each other home and away — same with the bottom six — but also have the top six play the bottom six once, in the home of the bottom six. Only then will it create interest and context.
As it stands, Bangladesh playing in Australia, and even West Indies playing in Australia, creates no interest. You also have to have promotion and demotion but I cannot see that happening. Certain teams won't agree to it in case they are ever relegated.
West Indies playing Australia creates very little interest - a two-tier Test system should be introduced
Newman: Why do administrators not understand the concept of less is more? Make Test cricket special again. Have a proper context to a series and bring in the World Test Championship that was strangled at birth so we could have yet another 50-over tournament in the Champions Trophy.
England invented T20 but other countries overtook us. How do we catch up?
Holding: It depends on what England want. You tend to take T20 too seriously. It's not proper cricket. It's a circus and should be treated as such. There should be fireworks and dancers and all sorts going on.
England need to accept that and provide a specific period for it rather than spreading it out throughout the season. Then try to get all the biggest names to play in it. Have the circus and then move on.
Hussain: It's too simplistic to just say we should have franchise cricket. There is more of an association with cities in Australia than there is in England and I'm not sure whether someone who lived in Chelmsford would relate to a London side.
Australia have enjoyed success with their T20 domestic tournament the Big Bash League that has seen world stars such as Kevin Pietersen sign up for the Melbourne Stars
If England created a Big Bash style domestic tournament it might benefit the game in this country
Our domestic competition was lauded but it's gone stale. One thing we have to do is have it in a block during the school holidays, on the best pitches and hopefully in the best weather, rather than spread it out. If the franchise system bring in the best players then I'm for it but it's not the answer to all our problems.
Newman: We need a Big Bash type-tournament. The ‘new' regime at the ECB are having just as little success in persuading myopic counties that it is the future as the old one did and self-interest and the views of ageing county members, a minority of the country's cricket supporters, are, as ever, holding sway.
TESTING TIME ABROAD Test cricket attendances were clearly in a healthy state in England last year with venues 87.5 per cent full for days when play went ahead. However, it isn't the same story in other nations. For example, South Africa vs England in Cape Town last month saw 85,095 come through the gates over the five days – 68.1 per cent of the total capacity. This was a new record for a match at Newlands by around 4,500.
Lloyd: We need our own version of the Big Bash. Put it in a block and stage it when people can see it.
I don't like the term ‘franchise' and I hear people saying ‘if the team is called Leeds or Sheffield I don't want anything to do with it.' Well, don't call them that. Call them Vikings. Call the Lancashire-based team The Lightning. You don't need the city tag, but we do need an eight-team competition and follow the Australian model. It works. And you could still have a county T20 competition too if that's what they want.
Booth: England are doing just fine at international level but of course we need an IPL or Big Bash. The success of the Big Bash ought to send shivers down ECB spines.
It doesn't say much for the counties that they have resisted franchise cricket. It looks as if two first-class games are going to be cut from the domestic calendar but 14 per team is still too many.
If you were a player starting out now what would be your priority — Tests or T20?
Hussain: If I were starting out now I would be the polar opposite of what I was as a batsman. I grew up learning to keep the ball out but nowadays you learn to hit the ball first and try to learn the technique to keep it out later.
Newman: I like to think young players still understand the importance of Test cricket and its unique demands, but then if they looked at the case of De Villiers they would surely be tempted to go down the T20 route.
The shocking hijacking of the ICC by the big three has made it less attractive for players outside India, England and Australia to concentrate on international cricket. That has to change.
Former West Indies bowler Michael Holding says they would still focus on Test cricket if they were starting today
Holding: I would still want to play Test cricket because that is the ultimate, and the test of you as a proper cricketer. But as a young man I would probably also want to make as much money as I could because you have a short shelf-life as a player.
I'd want to play in the IPL and Big Bash but I would like to show the world that I'm a top-class player and the only way you can do that is at the highest level in Test cricket. You'd have to find a balance but you wouldn't want to turn your back on the big bucks.
Lloyd: I'm a bit long in the tooth and I still consider a player should be judged on what they do in Test cricket. But we are going to have more Harlem Globetrotter-type players going round the world playing in all these T20 leagues and I can understand that. But hopefully it will come towards the back end of a great player's career rather than at the start of it.
Chris Gayle is one player who has made a lot of money playing T20 cricket around the world
Booth: Until now any cricketer would tell you Test cricket is for prestige, T20 for cash. But the noise around the various T20 leagues suggests this may be changing. I'd like to think I'd be more concerned with my Test stats than my bank balance but then no-one has ever picked me in the IPL auction…
Where do you see the game in 10 years?
Holding: Well, I'm hearing that the new ICC chairperson Shashank Manohar wants to go back to proper sharing of cricket's funding and hopefully that will come to fruition. That way a lot more money will go to the poorer countries and that could revive Test cricket and ensure that it isn't only one or two series that mean anything.
As I've said, I don't think Test cricket will die but if things carry on the way they are then it will become insignificant in most of the regions where it's played.
Lloyd: It has changed rapidly in the last 10 years and I see no reason why it won't change equally rapidly in the next 10.
If I were a betting man I would say there will only be Test and T20 cricket and no 50-over internationals. And England will have a Big Bash-style league!
The ICC have to be careful not to create a situation where Test cricket is the Ashes plus India
Booth: It depends on how serious Manohar is about rescuing the game's reputation after the big-three heist. The trouble is, they won't be in power for long. The national boards have to be careful to avoid a situation where Test cricket means the Ashes plus India. It really is up to the administrators.
Hussain: I'm sure it will have moved on a long way from where it is now because it is moving so quickly. I hope there will be a comeback for bowlers. In the last decade batting has improved exponentially but bowling hasn't. Would you say any bowling attack now is better than five years ago? I don't think there's a single one. But every batting line-up is better.
You're not unpopular, it's just the nature of the news feed. Amongst all the business-related news at FMC, Facebook revealed that the average news feed story from a user profile reaches just 12 percent of their friends. Your actively shared links, photos, and status updates probably reach much higher than 12 percent of your friends, while more inane auto-generated posts about new friendships, wall posts, and articles you read may only be seen by your closest buddies.
Overall, this is actually a good thing, because the reduced visibility of irrelevant content makes room for what you want to see. But don't be alarmed if all your friends don't like that awesome concert photo, they may just be offline.
[Update 3/5/2011: Despite confirming with me several times at FMC that a user's posts reach an average of 16% of their friends, Facebook now tells me the average reach of a user's posts is 12% of their friends. This article has been updated to replace mentions of 16% with 12%.]
After their Q&A session about ads during the Facebook Marketing Conference, I followed up with Boland, asking if the 12 percent average distribution rate hampered communication. They defended Facebook's news feed, saying “No, there are pieces of content you create that are interesting, and there's some that are not.” And the 12 percent doesn't just apply to users. Business Pages meanwhile only get 16% of their fans seeing each post, which is why Facebook is launching its new “Reach Generator” to help marketers buy extra distribution of their Page posts on the ads sidebar, in the web and mobile news feed, and even on the logout page.
The stat from Director of Product Marketing Brian Boland was backed up by VP Chris Cox who said this holds true “in aggregate across all profiles, all types of content, all interactions, all ages, and all demographics.” By reducing the reach of low relevance posts, Facebook leaves news feed space for compelling wedding photos, new job announcements, funny videos, and urgent questions. Still, it means the ambient intimacy of the news feed can't completely replace the reliability for direct communication.
Check out the rest of our Facebook Marketing Conference coverage:
Facebook Opens Timeline To All Biz Pages, Mandatory After 30 Days Of Curation
How To Use Facebook Timeline For Brand Pages: New Feature Details
Facebook Timeline For Pages Kills Crucial Marketing Feature: Default Landing Tabs
Liveblogging Facebook's Marketing Keynote With Sheryl Sandberg
Facebook Reveals Mobile News Feed Ads and Massive Logout Page Ads
Business Data Reporting In 5-10 Minutes, Not Days. Facebook Rolls Out Real-Time Insights
This week David Guetta got their panties in a right bunch! Whereas Four Tet was in the studio making great tunes, Deetron was rocking crowds in Ibiza and Jimpster was busy working on their regular podcast to put out to their adoring fans – the DJs of the world were hard at work. Not David Guetta though. David wasn't worrying about making music this week. When they aren't on the phone to their attorney in Paris arranging for them to chase after comedy writers, they were on Twitter venting their anger over our satirical article. The French seem to have left their sense of humour backstage in make-up.
Last week here at Wunderground, we posted another of our parody articles on popular DJs, this time joking that David Guetta had chorophobia, which is the irrational fear of dancing. People with chorophobia are afraid to dance, afraid of other people dancing, can't bear to look at people dancing, and generally just want to be miles from anywhere dancing might take place. Believable much? We didn't think so either.
The article was absurd from start to finish, and was obviously a parody, not based in reality. Even so, Goldilocks Guetta seemed to completely miss the point. They soon took to twitter…
Within hours we had heard from Guetta's attorney in Paris, who issued us with a first summons and take-down request, claiming that the facts contained in the article “are totally non-existent and a pure lie.” No shit sherlock! Somebody better call Mr. Hanky and tell them there is no such thing as a Christmas poo.
I have to say, I was quite flattered that our first cease and desist was from one of the world's biggest current cheeseballs. Even so, we politely declined and refused to remove the article. And yes, I do normally know how to spell “letter”…
And so we wait with baited breath for their next move. David is in town this weekend for their Oxegen performance so we are hoping we get a knock on the door only to see the Frenchman come sailing into the office riding on Nicky Minaj's back with a jousting stick in their hand screaming “Its on now le'muthfucka!”
They need to Guetta life and we need to Guetta lawyer! We'll keep you updated as this courtroom drama unfolds.
Orange County, like other large counties in California, is full of cities, special districts and other local governments. With the state facing a persistent budget crisis, is it time to consolidate local governments into one?
Fred Smoller, a scholar and administrator at Brandman University in Orange County, says yes. They argue in a piece at PublicCEO.com that Orange County, with its 34 cities and 3 million people, should be consolidated into one city. And the cost savings are just the least of it. They write that a consolidated City of Orange County, despite its size, would be easier to understand and thus more accountable to the public:
"Fragmented government undermines democracy. It is impossible for citizens and the media to monitor so many elected officials and candidates for public office. Long election ballots produce voter fatigue and disengagement from civic life. With no one watching, it is not surprising that we are the largest municipality in the nation to declare bankruptcy and that our sheriff is in prison."
Smoller's argument is a strong one and begs questions that people in various California regions could ask themselves: would government consolidation in your area make officials more accountable? And what sort of consolidation makes the most sense?
Raising a child without God, lots of prayer, the church — and the rod — is anathema to most people in a country overwhelmingly Christian, devout and God-fearing.
That is, if you aim to rear a child to grow up to be a decent person and a contributing member of society.
But that's precisely what Atheists in Kenya (AIK) advocates. In fact, the 200 or so registered members argue that religious parenting is very much the wrong thing to do and can produce children who are narrow-minded, lacking in intellectual curiosity and compassion.
Instead, they say what is needed is rational, humanistic parenting to give your child a chance to be well-adjusted, caring, moral, ethical and responsible.
The fact is, parenting is not about religion at all, it's about parenting, they say.
This seemingly heretical idea, and quite a few others, were advanced on Saturday in a session on 'Godless Parenting' by Atheists in Kenya. The forum and Q and A at a downtown hotel were attended by about50 atheists, agnostics, nonconformists, free-thinkers — and deeply religious people. Some were simply curious.
Psychologist and Secretary of Freethinkers Kenya association Brenda Jepkorir speaks at a Nairobi hotel on the evening of Saturday,September 25 during a meeting of Atheists.PHOTO/COLLINS KWEYU
An IT guy wearing red leather and a crucifix roared up on their motorcycle. "I just like to know what's going on," they said. Asked about their crucifix,he fingered it and said, "It's an ornament."
Many were drawn by the media blitz of fliers, TV and radio interviews and social media. Social media has been abuzz about the topic — seething is a better word — and the trolls were fervently praying it wouldn't happen as they poured out invective.
The moderators aid "no mudslinging" but the conversation was quite civilised and thoughtful.
"If we didn't use a title like 'Godless Parenting' we wouldn't get as much media coverage," admitted Harrison Mumia, president of AIK. He's a communications,marketing, advertising and social media expert at the Central Bank of Kenya.
The organisation is in a court battle to lift the suspension on April 29 of its hard-won registration.The suspension is illegal and unconstitutional, it says. AIK hopes the case (High Court hearing on October 14) will be groundbreaking, as the Constitution says Kenya shall have no state religion. hThe Bill of Rights guarantees freedom of religion and conscience, speech and association in a secular country, the atheists say.
"We are working to normalise atheism and allow more and more people to set aside religious belief and superstition," Mumia says."We want to create space and community for atheists to interact. We seek to correct the prevailing negative perception about atheist. We are NOT satanists, devil-worshipers, immoral, etc."
Since they are nonbelievers, they point out they cannot bedevil worshipers because the devil is a religious construct.
Since the suspension, the organisation has become "much more vibrant," Mumia says.
Chairman of Freethinkers Kenya Association Ssemakula Mukiibi and an Atheist speaks at a Nairobi hotel on the evening of Saturday,September 25 during a meeting of Atheists.PHOTO/COLLINS KWEYU
One of things it does is organise events, like 'Godless Parenting', which it promotes through Facebook, Twitter, its website and media.
It began with everyone introducing themselves. There were students, IT people, marketers, government workers psychologists, a doctor, HIV-Aids educator, business people, journalists, photographers, workers, an engineer and many more. The demographic is mid-twenties to late-thirties, a few forties. Daisy, a student, came all the way from Nakuru.
They began with a definition. Their website says:
"Simply put, atheism means the absence of theistic belief. That's it. It doesn't mean anything else. Atheism is not a religion, a philosophy, a worldview or anything similar. It is not the conviction that there are no gods, ghosts, angels, etc."
In addition to Mumia, there were two panelists: Brenda Jepkorir Sharp, a practicing psychologist and educator (Sharp Perceptions) and Ssemakula Mukiibi, an IT and marketing practitioner.
All had deeply religious backgrounds, all are parents.
Absent was celebrity rapper Xtatic (Gloria Macheo), secretary of AIK and a mother who created waves this month in an interview on The Trend about Godless parenting.
"The godless parenting issue has got people's panties in a bunch," they said. "I believe nothing about it (Godless parenting) makes it different from Christian/Muslim parenting because parenting or even morals have nothing to do with the belief of God or even lack of."
Moral values
The term 'atheism' is unnecessary because it focuses on what people are not, not what they are, humanists, free thinkers, caring and involved human beings, they observed.
"When someone says they can lead a good life without God, some people are forced to reexamine themselves, which is uncomfortable. They feel they and their values are under attack and they go on the offensive," Mukiibi said.
Much of Africa considers itself Christian but for all intents and purposes people behave as though God does not exist, they said.
Does religion help us raise morally superior kids?
Definitely not, Mukiibi said. "Religion does a very bad job."
Religions do not allow questioning fundamental beliefs, but morality is a result of interaction, questioning and thinking about what's true, not blind adherence to the Bible or any book, they said.
"The whole God concept is problematic because it limits children, for example, to the story of creation, when they should be questioning," Sharp said. Topics should not be off-limits.
"Religion tells us who we are, why we're here and where we're going," Mumia said."When a child asks who created the moon and stars, the answer is 'God did', no further questions."
"'God' is a lazy explanation that can actually damage a child and kill curiosity but curiosity leads us to a better society," Mukiibi said. Children should be encouraged to question and not be forced to accept a single narrative.
They said they would rather a child asked and learned about different religions and then decided for themselves or themselves what to believe, or not believe. They noted that they readily join Christian, Muslim and other friends for religious celebrations, because community is vital.
Atheists are not out to convert anyone, they said.
Participants follow proceedings at a Nairobi hotel on the evening of Saturday,September 25 during a meeting of Atheists.PHOTO/COLLINS KWEYU
Prayer and punishment
Is it true that family that prays together stays?
Probably so. But not because they are praying to a deity, the panelists said. Family activities knit the family together. The same can be achieved by regular talks around the dinner table, walks and outings.
Spanking and beating are common and much of the discussion covered punishment and discipline and whether it's true as the Bible says, that to spare the rod is to spoil the child.
The consensus: No. Children and people in general should do the right, moral and ethical thing, not because they are ordered to, not because they fear a spanking — or because they fear God — but because they have learned through experience and guidance that it is indeed the right and better course.
Mumia said that day they had seen a woman take their son to the police to be punished for stealing money from their handbag. "The child was stepped on and spanked," they said. The purpose was to cause pain and shame and instill fear. It might be corrective in the short time, but does a child really learn, they asked.
The message of physical punishment is that might make right and a child will carry that message throughout their or their life, repeating their parents' behaviour, spanking their child, who in turn spanks their child, who in turn spanks his.
"I'd punish that parent," Sharp said. "The problem with spanking is that it's lazy parenting by people who don't know where their child is coming from. Many parents who spank are not self-aware."
Discipline and boundaries are important and parents should teach a child why a certain behaviour is good or bad, they said.
Rational parenting that is neither permissive nor authoritarian and fear-based produces the best results, Sharp said.
In the audience, Grace, a retired registered nurse, midwife and counsellor, said they came to the event because they were curious. And they stayed long afterward to talk.
"I cannot understand how you can live each day without God," they told the group. "God is the reason I am alive, They give me hope and meaning,  They are my everything. Please don't leave God out of your life."
Later, they said, "I still don't understand, but I try to be open to everyone and listen to what they say. Christians shouldn't just criticise but should listen and be accommodating and work together." Them husband wouldn't approve of them associating with atheists, they said.
Grace said they have all kinds of friends, some are gay — "and I'll always defend them against cruel words."
And now they have atheist friends.
Back in June, we reported that California Congressman Brad Sherman (D) was circulating a letter to their fellow Democrats to introduce legislation to repeal “Right-to-Work” laws in 22 states. Now, with less than a month before the mid-term elections and five weeks before a lame-duck session in Congress, Sherman has introduced legislation to eliminate state Right to Work laws all across America.
Currently, there are 22 states in the U.S. that have laws where workers who are employed at companies that are unionized have a choice whether or not to join or pay the union. These states are known as Right-to-Work states.
On the other hand, in the 28 Non-Right-to-Work states (also called forced-dues states), it is legal for a union to negotiate a “union (income) security clause” that requires all workers covered by the union to pay the union dues or ‘agency fees' as a condition of employment. If the workers refuse to pay the union, under a “union (income) security clause,” the union can have them fired from their jobs.
As background, in 1947, Congress amended the National Labor Relations Act with the Taft-Hartley Amendments which, among other things, gave states the right to establish “Right-to-Work” laws. Until the Taft-Hartley Amendments, from 1935 to 1947, private-sector workers in all 50 could be required to pay dues to a union or, if not, be fired from their jobs. The ability of states to have Right-to-Work laws is contained in a single paragraph within the National Labor Relations Act (Section 14 [b]), which states:
(b) [Agreements requiring union membership in violation of State law] Nothing in this Act [subchapter] shall be construed as authorizing the execution or application of agreements requiring membership in a labor organization as a condition of employment in any State or Territory in which such execution or application is prohibited by State or Territorial law.
As a result of this one section being inserted into the 1947 amendments, states (through their legislatures) could determine whether or not to be a Right-to-Work state, or a forced-dues state. Therefore, the removal of this one section would make all 50 states forced-dues states, giving unions the ability to have workers fired for not paying union dues or fees.
From Congressman Sherman's website [emphasis added]:
Today, Congressman Brad Sherman announced the introduction of dramatic legislation that would eliminate so-called “right-to-work” laws, which was applauded by AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka. Sherman has a strong record of supporting working men and women and earned a 100% rating from the AFL-CIO. Right-to-work laws require unions to represent non dues-paying employees, thereby undermining the basic premise and promise of union membership and creating free riders – people who are exempt from paying their fair share. Right-to-work laws create different standards for union membership in different states. This results not only in confusion over the regulation of union membership, but also places a higher cost on worker representation in labor rights states. [snip] “I do not believe that there should be a right to be treated unfairly or to endure unnecessary restrictions. Right-to-work laws strip unions of their legitimate ability to collect dues, even when the worker is covered by a union-negotiated collective bargaining agreement. This forces unions to use their time and members' dues to provide benefits to free riders who are exempt from paying their fair share,” said Congressman Brad Sherman. “These laws are harmful to states like California, which allows labor unions to organize, because now we have to compete with the race to the bottom as our companies have to compete with those where the workers would like better wages, working conditions and benefits but are unable to organize to get them.” “With the introduction of legislation banning so-called right-to-work, Congressman Sherman has once again demonstrated their strong commitment to working families,” said Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO. “Right-to-work laws undermine the economy and weaken workers' ability to bargain for better working conditions, which translates into lower pay and fewer benefits for everyone.”
While Brad Sherman's statement about workers in Right-to-Work states not having the right to organize is patently false (the National Labor Relations Act does not discriminate on workers' rights to organize in a Right to Work state), they are accurate that their state of California has been losing jobs. However, there are a multitude of factors that have contributed to California's demise—many of which were, ironically, caused by the unions that Sherman has so endeared himself.
Although Congressman Sherman introduced this legislation back in 2008, it had little chance of succeeding. However, with the mid-term elections and a lame-duck Congress following, the chances that Democrats (who are taking hundreds of millions from unions), it is possible that Democrats could vote to end Right-to-Work states.
As a result, now is as good a time as any to get Democrats (in both Right-to-Work states and forced-union states) to state their positions on whether they support an end to workers' right to work.
[hat-tip: Projections, Inc.]
__________________
“I bring reason to your ears, and, in language as plain as ABC, hold up truth to your eyes.” Thomas Paine, December 23, 1776
Cross-posted on BigGovernment.com and LUR.
For more news and views on today's unions, go to LaborUnionReport.com.
PM deflects questions from Mark Dreyfus about validity of Coalition's citizenship revocation laws by suggesting the shadow attorney general is unpatriotic
Malcolm Turnbull has attempted to shut down questions from Labor about the validity of the government's citizenship revocation laws by borrowing a locution from the Abbott era and advising the shadow attorney general Mark Dreyfus to “get on Australia's team”.
In question time on Monday Labor referenced a media report saying a “notorious terrorist” was set to have their citizenship revoked in the first case to be taken under the government's citizenship revocation laws.
The report suggested the government was anticipating the move would be tested in the high court.
Dreyfus asked the prime minister whether the case referenced in the Daily Telegraph report would proceed under the same legislation where the attorney general had “incorrectly represented advice from the solicitor-general?”
The solicitor general, Justin Gleeson – courtesy of a bitter public dispute with the attorney general, George Brandis – has said very clearly they did not sign off on the final citizenship bill passed by the parliament, an account which cuts across a suggestion made by Brandis at the time that Gleeson had advised the government its citizenship revocation package had a good prospect of clearing the high court.
George Brandis contradicts solicitor general and says Justin Gleeson was consulted Read more
Turnbull moved to shut down the line of questioning from Dreyfus by first mocking and minimising the dispute between Australia's first and second law officers as a “disturbance in the bar common room” – then suggesting the shadow attorney general was being unpatriotic.
“What the shadow attorney general is now doing is taking their feud with the attorney general into an area where they are putting our national security at risk,” Turnbull told parliament on Monday.
The prime minister said Dreyfus needed to “get over these petty personal animosities and get on our team, get on Australia's team, to ensure that we have the right legislation”.
Turnbull's argument was if Dreyfus had issues about the constitutionality of the bill, they should raise those issues in parliament's joint intelligence committee or with Brandis himself, “hold[ing] their nose” if necessary – not by way of parliamentary questions.
“The member opposite believes they have a great legal brain,” Turnbull said of Dreyfus.
“Let them bring it to the committee and ensuring that we get the right legislation, not these questions that are designed simply to derive political advantage for Labor.”
Dreyfus persisted in their questioning: “Given this is the same legislation where a letter the attorney general provided to the intelligence committee incorrectly represented advice from the solicitor general, what are the risks to national security in the event of a successful legal challenge?
“What is the reason for the government misrepresenting the advice of the solicitor general?”
Turnbull said Dreyfus was “party to a unanimous, bipartisan set of recommended amendments to the legislation to which they presumably gave their very best attention”.
Ian Macdonald could do with a lesson on the art of respectful questioning | Lenore Taylor Read more
“He makes assertions about legal advice not being given. The government as they know does not comment on its legal advice but the allegations that they have made have been rejected, as they know, elsewhere by the attorney,” Turnbull said.
Labor expressed concerns about the constitutionality of the citizenship revocation proposal throughout a process of inquiry on the legislation conducted by the joint committee on intelligence and security.
The government had originally wanted to give the immigration minister powers to revoke citizenship in cases where there hadn't been a conviction, but the proposal was walked back by the government because of concerns from Turnbull and other cabinet ministers that it would be unconstitutional.
Labor eventually supported the government in passing the legislation. Brandis supplied a letter to the intelligence committee suggesting that Gleeson had advised the package was soundly based.
Brandis, in a radio interview after their dispute with the solicitor general entered the public domain, has said that Gleeson was consulted on the citizenship revocation proposal “from time to time”.
“It was an issue on which, to be blunt, the cabinet was divided between on the one hand, me, Mr Turnbull and Julie Bishop and others, and on the other hand, the then prime minister Mr Abbott, and Mr Dutton, who was then the responsible minister, as to how extensive the power of executive detention should be,” Brandis told the ABC on 6 October.
“There were many, many chapters to this political controversy, during the course of which Mr Gleeson was involved from time to time.”
Missoula, Montana scored a major victory for community ownership of public resources when the state's supreme court ruled 5-2 on Tuesday that the city's use of its water system was "more necessary" than its use by a private company.
The city has been embroiled in a costly, years-long legal battle over control of its water supply. Missoula previously argued it has the right to use its powers of eminent domain to purchase Mountain Water Co. from then-owner the Carlyle Group—which has since sold the water company to Canada-based Liberty Utility—an argument which the Missoula County District Court agreed with last June.
Now, their argument has been vindicated, as the Montana Supreme Court on Tuesday found the lower court's "detailed factual findings" supported the eminent domain decision.
"The city desired to own the water system that serves its residents because city officials believe a community's water system is a public asset best owned and operated by the public," the judges wrote in their decision (pdf).
During the lower court hearing last spring, witnesses testified that Missoula is the only city in Montana that didn't control its own water supply. The utility has also been accused of charging customers unreasonably high rates.
"Long after people have forgotten any of our names, they won't have to worry about who owns their water."
—Mayor John Engen
Mayor John Engen said the city was ready to cut a check for $88.6 million to buy the utility out of private ownership.
The Missoulian reported Tuesday on some of the high court's notes on the previous decision:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
• The District Court also looked at evidence about the condition of the water system and differences under public or private ownership. "Experts for the city also testified that 20 percent of the water system mains and 75 percent of the service lines have exceeded their useful life, but Mountain Water invested less than $1 million per year in replacing water distribution mains from 2004 to 2014." The court concluded that "no matter who owns the water system, significant capital expenditures will be required, but that under municipal ownership, long term maintenance planning and capital expenditures can occur under the management of a stable, long term owner." • The Supreme Court also evaluated real and projected administrative expenses in the decision. A witness for the city testified at the spring 2015 trial that the administrative costs paid by Mountain Water "exceed every other Montana water system by $2 million, and that Mountain Water's administrative cost per customer is the highest in the state." The opinion cited $48,000 that goes to "travel and entertainment," a $103,000 "board of directors fee, and $1.3 million for salaries of staff in California." The Carlyle Group has since sold the Missoula water system to Liberty Utilities, the subsidiary of a Canadian company. At the trial, Liberty's president testified “Mountain Water would be required to make similar payments for corporate personnel and oversight to a home office in Canada," read the opinion. • "The District Court recognized that...under either owner, significant capital expenditures will be required to replace and maintain key infrastructure. However, under private ownership, the cost of needed capital improvements will be increased by a rate of equity (currently 9.8 percent), whereas no such increase would be seen under municipal ownership."
Justice Patricia Cotter wrote the majority opinion with agreement from Justices Mike McGrath, James Shea, Beth Baker, and Michael Wheat. Justices Jim Rice and Laurie McKinnon dissented.
"We will begin working with attorneys first thing in the morning to finalize some work we've done around final order of condemnation, a motion to take possession, and we have to have a conversation with defendants about an orderly transition," Engen said.
Missoula now joins a growing number of communities around the world that are taking back their water.
The mayor also thanked Missoula residents for their patience with the process and said, "long after people have forgotten any of our names, they won't have to worry about who owns their water, and that has nothing to do with me. It has everything to do with this community and it has everything to do with what is right."
We all know a girl like Louise Delage. You've been on Instagram for years and are scraping by with 50 likes on a good day—then they appear on the scene, with their fun little life, and cultivates over 16,000 followers in a few months.
In the years following LonelyGirl15, we learned to be wary of that kind of success. Who is this girl, and what do they do? But "personal branding," Instagram stardom and the overall pressure to demonstrate the most photogenic parts of our lives have perhaps blunted our critical knives. Aren't we all star for somebody?
So when Louise Delage arrived on Instagram on Aug. 1, bearing drinks and a cheerful, sun-soaked smile, few wondered who they are. Many assumed they were one more chic Parisian. Maybe they had one of those depressed Instagram husbands whose sole role in life is to capture their muses for an insatiable audience.
But no, that wasn't it at all. We've been LonelyGirled again!
The 25-year-old social star—who racked up over 50,000 likes in a couple of months with photos of boat parties, travel and endless dinners—is actually part of a campaign from Paris agency BETC called "Like My Addiction."
Because did you notice something odd about Louise? She's almost always holding a drink. Louise is a textbook alcoholic.
The truth was revealed in a video published on Instagram and YouTube last week:
The campaign was created with help from production company Francine Framboise for Addict Aide, which sought to raise awareness of alcoholism among young people.
Per the organization, out of every five deaths of young people annually, one is from addiction. Addict Aide provides resources for people who are worried about their own alcohol consumption, or that of someone close to them.
"We were briefed on the difficulty of detecting the addiction of someone close to you—a friend, a child or a parent," BETC president and creative director Stéphane Xiberras Paris tells AdFreak. "We thought an interesting way of showing it would be to create a person people would meet every day but whom we'd never suspect of being an addict, by setting up a fake Instagram account."
Xiberras details how the agency went about creating such massive visibility for Louise in a short period of time. "We rooted our craft into native Instagram content and user habits," they explain, "building an acquisition strategy around four pillars: content, hashtags, bots and a KOL [key opinion leader] strategy."
The team posted two to three posts per day at high-traffic moments—in the morning, at lunchtime and late at night, "when people are stalking others." (Well, now we're out of the closet.) BETC also studied fashion bloggers, including their attitude and the filters they most commonly use.
To ensure the content was found, each post included a mix of 20-30 hashtags related to fashion, food, nature and parties.
"We also set up a well-known bot to like and follow specific people—like women interested in fashion bloggers, journalists and celebrities," Xiberras adds. The bot was decidedly efficient: While Louise's follower count totals more than 16,700, they themselves is following only 3,156 well-chosen people.
"Finally, we created a KOL strategy, using teenage key opinion leaders, with between 20,000 to 100,000 followers, to talk about our account and spread the Louise Delage profile among their own followers," Xiberras says.
It isn't often you get a strategic response this detailed and candid. No one will judge you if you copy and paste for later use. (Well, maybe this guy will.)
(CNN) — Who needs Disneyland when you can have a theme park for youngsters to declare their loyalty to China's Communist Party?
That's what Wuhan government officials seem to think anyway.
The capital city of China's central Hubei province has just opened a Communist Party theme park dedicated to China's homegrown heroes.
Opened to the public on September 28, it's located inside the 300,000-square-meter South Lake Happiness Bay Water Park.
It's just one of six parks the city has planned to promote patriotism and party ideals.
'Red benefit' for Wuhan citizens
The focus of this particular park will be on the people of the Communist Party
Described by state media as an enjoyable "red benefit" for the city's residents, the new attraction's the biggest communist-themed park in Central China.
The park's dotted with the faces and stories of 29 "excellent party figures" on bronze plates and 23 artworks highlighting significant moments from Chinese Communist Party history between 1921 and 2014.
The events are depicted in installations inspired by the traditional Chinese art form of paper-cutting.
Red tourism is big business in China. Here, tourists dress up as Red Army soliders during an educational tour in Jinggangshan, the birthplace of the Chinese revolution. PETER PARKS/AFP/AFP/Getty Images
The park consists of four display areas with different highlights and mini-themes.
And it isn't shy about its purpose of indoctrinating the young with communist ideology.
One of the attractions is a square where students and youngsters can take an oath to join the Communist Youth League or become party members.
The children's playground features adorable cartoon figures of Red Army soldiers, while the ground is decorated with a map of the party's famous Long March.
The Long March was a military retreat led by Mao and their Communist army in order to evade suppression of the Nationalist Party army in the 1930s.
The park's aim is to promote core socialist values -- including prosperity, democracy, civility, harmony, freedom, equality, justice, rule of law, patriotism, dedication and integrity.
'I hope nobody will go!'
On China's microblogging site Weibo, user Minghezaitian1983 says, "Schools and work units probably will organize trips there, brainwashing kids and enhancing employees' sense of identity with the party."
Quanjiushiyi thinks it's just an attempt by the Wuhan government to please Beijing. "I hope nobody will go! It's an advanced brown-noser."
For much of the past five years, Dana Holgorsen has helmed some of the most prolific offenses in college football. From Texas Tech to Houston to Oklahoma State, the current West Virginia coach's wide-open attack has been the premier scheme in college football. This year, that scheme has come with record-shattering results, and much of that credit goes to quarterback Geno Smith. Not only does Smith put up big numbers, but they play the position with a rare elegance. It's the combination of these two factors, of Smith and scheme, that have resulted in Geno's unreal statistics.
West Virginia's scheme is successful for many reasons, but it's primarily a function of two elements: (1) It requires the players to master a limited number of concepts, which allows them to play without any hesitation, and (2) there's an aggressiveness — in the form of both packaged plays and deep play-action passes — that puts maximum pressure on defenses.
The limited number of plays cannot be emphasized enough. Holgorsen famously installs their entire offense in three — yes, three days. So when West Virginia does add something new, it's clear that it isn't thrown in haphazardly. It's there for a reason, and it fits within the big picture. Some of these wrinkles were evident in the Mountaineers' 70-point explosion against Baylor.
Smith and West Virginia have gotten a lot of attention for that total in the past week, but it wasn't that long ago that they dropped the same number on Clemson in the Orange Bowl. In that game, Smith threw for six touchdowns and more than 400 yards, but the most famous play was a “jet sweep” — a sweep by a receiver who goes in motion from the opposite side — that inside receiver Tavon Austin used to score three of their four touchdowns on the day. The difference between Austin's scores and many traditional jet sweeps is that instead of handing off the ball, Smith tossed it forward on a “touch pass,” an adjustment Holgorsen got from their friend Bob Stitt, who coaches at the Colorado School of Mines. The play was one of the most talked about in coaching circles all offseason, and, unsurprisingly, has drawn massive attention from WVU's opponents this year. The schematic concerns are only compounded by what the dangerous Austin can do with the ball in theirs hands.
Against Maryland, Holgorsen and Smith used the “touch pass” to generate another touchdown for Austin — but not in the way you'd think. Late in the first half against the Terrapins, Austin lined up in the slot to the right, while true first-year student wide receiver Jordan Thompson went in motion. At the snap, Smith faked the touch pass to Thompson, a nouveau play-action fake.
It worked. The receiver outside of Austin, J.D. Woods, ran a post while Austin ran a wheel up the sideline. The post-wheel route combination is one of the oldest in football, but it has increasingly become one of Geno Smith's favorites. A big reason is that the routes aren't static; although one receiver runs a post and another a wheel, each receiver has freedom to adjust their route by curling in between zone defenders or changing the angle of the post route. In this way, Holgorsen's Air Raid offense has taken on shades of the old run-and-shoot, a pass-first attack known for receivers' adjusting their routes and whose influence is still felt in the NFL. On this play against Maryland, no adjustments are necessary. The defense is confused by the post and fake touch pass and leaves Austin wide open in the end zone.
Against Baylor, the Mountaineers added another wrinkle. For the first time that I'm aware of, Holgorsen sent five true wide receivers onto the field. No stranger to pass-first formations and multiple-receiver sets, anytime Holgorsen had previously gone empty in the backfield, it was because he'd motioned a running back. Against Baylor, and partially out of necessity (West Virginia was down three of its top six running backs, including both its starting tailback and fullback), the Mountaineers trotted out five true wideouts 10 or so times, and four of Smith's eight touchdown passes came out of this look.
The formation created opportunities for West Virginia's receivers, primarily “outside” receiver Stedman Bailey, who moved into the slot in the five-wideout set. “We felt like moving Stedman and putting them in the slot was a matchup we really liked,” West Virginia offensive coordinator Shannon Dawson explained after the game. “It's not like we ran any plays that were different, it was just a set. The only person it was different for was Stedman.” For the game, Bailey had 13 catches for 303 yards and five touchdowns. I'd say it was a nice wrinkle.
On maybe the biggest play in a game filled with big plays (certainly the longest play), Bailey caught an 87-yard touchdown pass on the wheel route of Baylor's post-wheel combination. It also came with the same fake-touch-pass setup as Austin's earlier score, only this time it was Austin carrying out the fake.
The outside receiver, Ivan McCartney, ran the post, and both the safety and corner for Baylor collapsed inside with him; McCartney did a good job flattening their route to pull them inside. Meanwhile, Baylor's underneath defenders — at least one of whom likely should have turned and ran with Bailey on the wheel — are all focused entirely on Austin's fake touch pass. The result is a wide-open Bailey, and a sight Baylor saw a lot of on Saturday — a receiver dashing for the end zone.
Of course, West Virginia's defense did plenty of the same on Saturday. While scoring 70 is an incredible accomplishment, giving up 63 is, to say the least, cause for concern for this Mountaineer team's ability to contend for a title. Their offense can score with anybody, but apparently, their defense can be scored on by anybody. That may or may not be a championship formula, but it's certainly a formula for something else — Smith, Holgorsen, Austin, Bailey, and the rest of West Virginia's offense are must-see TV.
BEL AIR, Md. (WJZ) — Harford County is grappling with a sudden spike in heroin overdose deaths. Now officials are warning the public that there's an even bigger threat.
Dozens have died in Harford County from heroin overdoses — a staggering 71-percent increase from last year. Sheriff Jefferey Gahler says five died on Thanksgiving weekend alone.
“We are being aggressive in trying to track down the dealers in this case,” Sheriff Gahler said.
Statewide, heroin deaths in the first six months of 2016 have far surpassed last year's numbers.
“The heroin problem in Maryland now is at epidemic proportions,” said Deputy Secretary of Public Health Dr. Howard Haft.
Dr. Haft tells WJZ's Devin Bartolotta the drug is often laced with more potent chemicals.
“We want people to understand that every time you take an illicit drug, you're rolling the dice,” they said.
Now a new threat is creeping in, synthetic opiates — many times stronger and more deadly than heroin.
“Our fear is that we're eventually going to see carfentanil. We've seen it in in surrounding states, but we haven't seen it in the state of Maryland yet or in Harford County,” said Sheriff Gahler.
Harford County is now joining forces with University of Maryland Medical Center to map out the worst drug spots in the county, hoping to tackle a tragic problem that's only expected to get worse.
All crimes in Harford County are down for the year, except theft. The sheriff believes it's directly tied to the sharp increase in hard drug use.
The Department of Public Health wants to get the word out, narcan, the overdose reversal drug, is available at health departments without a prescription.
Before the convention Edit
Convention Edit
Richard J. Daley and the convention Edit
Protests and police response Edit
The McGovern–Fraser Commission Edit
Main article: McGovern–Fraser Commission In response to the party disunity and electoral failure that came out of the convention, the party established the 'Commission on Party Structure and Delegate Selection' (informally known as the 'McGovern–Fraser Commission'),[43] to examine current rules on the ways candidates were nominated and make recommendations designed to broaden participation and enable better representation for minorities and others who were underrepresented. The Commission established more open procedures and affirmative action guidelines for selecting delegates. In addition the commission required all delegate selection procedures to be open; party leaders could no longer handpick the convention delegates in secret.[44] An unforeseen result of these rules was a large shift toward state presidential primaries. Prior to the reforms, Democrats in two-thirds of the states used state conventions to choose convention delegates. In the post-reform era, over three-quarters of the states use primary elections to choose delegates, and over 80% of convention delegates are selected in these primaries.[45]
See also Edit
References Edit
Single-letter genetic variations within parts of the genome once dismissed as “junk DNA” can increase cancer risk through remote effects on far-off genes, new research by scientists at The Institute of Cancer Research, London shows.
The researchers found that DNA sequences within “gene deserts” — so called because they are completely devoid of genes — can regulate gene activity elsewhere by forming DNA loops across relatively large distances.
The study helps solve a mystery about how genetic variations in parts of the genome that don't appear to be doing very much can increase cancer risk.
Their study, published in Nature Communications, also has implications for the study of other complex genetic diseases.
The researchers developed a technique called Capture Hi-C to investigate long-range physical interactions between stretches of DNA – allowing them to look at how specific areas of chromosomes interact physically in more detail.
The researchers assessed 14 regions of DNA that contain single-letter variations previously linked to bowel cancer risk. They detected significant long-range interactions for all 14 regions, confirming their role in gene regulation.
“Our new technique shows that genetic variations are able to increase cancer risk through long-range looping interactions with cancer-causing genes elsewhere in the genome,” study leader Professor Richard Houlston, Professor of Molecular and Population Genetics at The Institute of Cancer Research, London said.
“It is sometimes described as analogous to a wormhole, where distortions in space and time could in theory bring together distant parts of the universe.”
The research was funded by the EU, Cancer Research UK, Leukaemia & Lymphoma Research, and The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR).
Abstract for Capture Hi-C identifies the chromatin interactome of colorectal cancer risk loci
Multiple regulatory elements distant from their targets on the linear genome can influence the expression of a single gene through chromatin looping. Chromosome conformation capture implemented in Hi-C allows for genome-wide agnostic characterization of chromatin contacts. However, detection of functional enhancer–promoter interactions is precluded by its effective resolution that is determined by both restriction fragmentation and sensitivity of the experiment. Here we develop a capture Hi-C (cHi-C) approach to allow an agnostic characterization of these physical interactions on a genome-wide scale. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms associated with complex diseases often reside within regulatory elements and exert effects through long-range regulation of gene expression. Applying this cHi-C approach to 14 colorectal cancer risk loci allows us to identify key long-range chromatin interactions in cis and trans involving these loci.
Trump Designating North Korea As A State Sponsor Of Terrorism
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci /AP Evan Vucci /AP
Updated at 4:12 p.m. ET
The Trump administration is putting North Korea back on the State Department's list of state sponsors of terrorism. President Trump says the move "supports our maximum pressure campaign to isolate this murderous regime."
President Trump told reporters on Monday that the Treasury Department will officially announce additional sanctions and penalties on the North Korean regime on Tuesday.
President Trump says this should have happened years ago. In fact, North Korea was on the list until 2008, when the Bush administration took it off, in an ultimately failed bid to salvage a denuclearization deal.
Trump's move won praise from members of Congress, who supported legislation that paved the way for North Korea's return to the blacklist.
"Over the past year alone, Kim Jong-un and their regime brazenly assassinated their brother with a chemical weapon and brutally tortured Otto Warmbier, leading directly to their tragic death," writes House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce, R-Calif. "These aren't isolated incidents, but are examples of a consistent pattern of terror."
President Trump also mentioned Warmbier in their brief statement at the beginning of a Cabinet meeting on Monday where they made the announcement. Warmbier is the UVA student who was spent a year and a half in a North Korean jail only to return in a coma. They died a week later.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged that putting North Korea back on the terrorist list is a largely symbolic move, with limited practical effect.
"It just points out again what a rogue regime this is and how brutal this regime is and how little they care for the value of human life," Tillerson told reporters.
"I don't want to suggest to you that the designation is going to put a whole new layer of sanctions on them," they added. "We already have North Korea so heavily sanctioned in so many ways with the UN resolutions that have been undertaken. But this will close a few additional loopholes."
Tillerson suggested other countries supplying North Korea with so-called "dual use" equipment — that could have both military and civilian applications — might think twice as a result of the new designation.
The other countries on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list are Iran, Sudan and Syria.
NPR's Scott Horsley and Arnie Seipel contributed to this report.
SAUSAGE & PEPPER HEROES
2 pkgs turkey Italian sausage links
2 red bell peppers, sliced
2 yellow bell pepper, sliced
4 green bell peppers, sliced
1 small red onion, sliced
sea salt
pepper
Italian seasoning
garlic powder
cumin powder
extra virgin olive oil (evoo)
4 hero / hoagie rolls, middles cleaned out
smoked provolone cheese slices
Preheat oven to 400. Place sausage links on a prepared baking sheet and place in the oven until cooked through, and maybe a little brown and caramelized on the sides. Set aside and let cool. Meanwhile, in a heavy pot (I use my Dutch oven, of COURSE!), sprinkle enough evoo to cover the bottom and heat over medium-high flame. Add peppers and onion, and sprinkle a little sea salt and pepper over the top. Then LIBERALLY sprinkle Italian seasoning, garlic powder, and cumin powder over the top. Toss with a wooden spoon and WALK AWAY. Well, I mean, keep an eye out, of course, but as tempted as you will be to stir those peppers, please don't. For a beautiful sear and not a steam cook, let them sit. Only toss or fold every-so-often. Slice sausage and add to the pepper party. Let cook another two minutes or so. Add a little more Italian seasoning and stir. Pile them into the hero roll, layer with provolone cheese and let sit in the oven warmer until the bun is a little toasted and the cheese is melted. Serve with the addictive curly fries below and you'll have some verrry happy eaters!!
NOTES: As the low-carb girl in the house, I ate mine sans the roll. WORTH IT. For the hero, though, I take a regular brown lunch bag, cut it with oh-so-cute scissors for a nice edge, roll and stick the hoagie in. Adorable and practical for catching any rogue pieces as you eat!
BERLIN, April 9 -- Al-Qaeda's chief operational planner is believed to have died late last year in a remote part of Pakistan after contracting a fatal illness, a U.S. counterterrorism official said Wednesday.
The official said there was "strong evidence to suggest" that Abu Obaidah al-Masri, an Egyptian native suspected of overseeing the London transit bombings in 2005 and the failed transatlantic airliner plot a year later, died in December of hepatitis.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, declined to provide any details of Masri's demise or to shed light on how U.S. intelligence agencies obtained the information. The account of Masri's death was first reported Tuesday by McClatchy Newspapers.
It was not the first time that Masri has been reported dead. In January 2006, Pakistani officials said they and three other senior al-Qaeda officials perished in a missile attack by a Predator drone in the village of Damadola, near the Afghan border.
U.S. and Pakistani security officials later determined that the al-Qaeda leaders were not in the village at the time, but news of their purported deaths continued to circulate erroneously for months.
There has been no confirmation of Masri's reported death from al-Qaeda or its propaganda arm, or from Pakistani officials. A Taliban source in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal region along the Afghan border said they could not confirm the report.
In the past, al-Qaeda has routinely announced the deaths of top operatives by issuing Internet statements praising them as martyrs. Such was the case in January after a Predator missile strike in another remote part of Pakistan killed Abu Laith al-Libi, another senior al-Qaeda commander.
Masri has been one of the more mysterious members of al-Qaeda's inner circle. U.S., European and Pakistani officials say they do not even know their real name. Abu Obaidah al-Masri is a nom de guerre, which means "father of Obaidah, the Egyptian."
Believed to be in their mid-40s, Masri was a longtime veteran of holy wars in Afghanistan. They ascended rapidly in the al-Qaeda hierarchy after the deaths of other operational planners following the 2001 U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan.
"Basically, they were the one heading up al-Qaeda's efforts to launch attacks against the West," said the U.S. counterterrorism official. Masri had many contacts in Europe and is believed to have traveled widely there in the 1990s before returning to Afghanistan about 2000, the official said.
The official said Masri's death would mean "a serious blow to al-Qaeda in terms of their key role and participation and plotting attacks against the West. It will disrupt those efforts at the very least."
Masri also was the target of a missile strike in another Pakistani village in October 2006. Pakistani officials said that raid was prompted by intelligence that Masri and al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, were expected to visit a madrassa, or Islamic school, in Chingai in northwestern Pakistan. Pakistani helicopter gunships killed more than 80 people, but Masri and Zawahiri were not among them.
Pakistani officials also suspect Masri of involvement in the November 1995 suicide bombing of the Egyptian Embassy in Islamabad, in which 17 people were killed.
DeYoung reported from Washington. Special correspondent Imtiaz Ali in Peshawar, Pakistan, contributed to this report.
Image caption Heavier weapons - including rocket-propelled grenades - have been used in recent clashes
Fresh clashes have erupted in the Lebanese city of Tripoli, breaching a truce agreed by local leaders on Wednesday.
At least one person was killed as supporters and opponents of Syria's President Bashar al-Assad fought for a fourth day.
The fighting between the Sunni and Alawite neighbourhoods has already killed more than 12 people this week.
Tanks have been deployed to try to calm the situation.
The UN political chief Jeffrey Feltman described the situation as "precarious".
They told the UN Security Council that, as the situation in Syria deteriorated, there was a risk that it could escalate in Lebanon too.
Arms smuggling
"The need for continued international support to the government and the Lebanese Armed Forces [has become] increasingly important," they said.
They added that UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon was concerned about two-way arms smuggling across the border between the two countries, in violation of a UN resolution.
In an unusually strongly worded statement, Lebanese President Michel Suleiman appeared to suggest that Lebanon would not always remain in Syria's shadow.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Barbara Plett said tensions between Sunnis and Alawites were now "particularly intense"
"When any relationship with a foreign entity harms Lebanon, we end it. And when the relationship is again in Lebanon's interest, we reinstate it," they said, in comments published in Lebanese media.
The fighting on the streets of Tripoli, Lebanon's second-largest city, was centred around the Sunni Muslim district of Bab al-Tabbana and the Alawite district of Jabal Muhsin.
The city of nearly 200,000 people is one of the country's most volatile sectarian faultlines, with a small Alawite community living in the midst of a Sunni majority.
On Wednesday, the army tried to stop the violence but was forced to retreat after sustaining casualties. It said it would enter into dialogue with leaders of the two communities in order to prevent the entire country being dragged into a state of unrest.
Prime Minister Najib Mikati has appealed to both sides to end the "absurd battle" and, speaking of the conflict in neighbouring Syria, warned against being "drawn into this blaze around Lebanon".
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad is an Alawite and members of the heterodox Shia sect occupy key positions in the government and security forces.
Syria's majority Sunni community has been at the forefront of the revolt against the state and has borne the brunt of the crackdown during the conflict, which the UN says has left more than 18,000 people dead.
Foreign power
The BBC's Barbara Plett, in Tripoli, says violence has flared several times in Tripoli, including in early June when 15 people were killed, but locals say the last two days of clashes were particularly intense. One witness said heavier weapons were being used, and over a larger area than normal.
Image caption Local leaders urged the army to increase its presence in Tripoli to prevent further violence
Our correspondent says government policy has been to try to disassociate the country from the Syrian crisis, amid concern that it might reignite the divisions that fuelled Lebanon's own 15-year civil war.
But the more sectarian the violence becomes in Syria, the harder it is to prevent it from seeping across the border, they add.
Syria was the dominant foreign power in Lebanon for some 30 years and attitudes to the conflict which erupted there last year colour Lebanese politics beyond Tripoli.
Last week, a Lebanese Shia Muslim clan kidnapped dozens of Sunnis in retaliation for the abduction of a Lebanese Shia man by rebels in Syria.
The rebels had accused the man, Hassan Mekdad, of being a member of the powerful Shia Islamist movement Hezbollah, who had entered the country to fight for the government. However, Hezbollah has denied any connection with the clan member or the kidnappings.
Spoiler alert: Do not read until you've watched episode 207 of “The Leftovers,” titled “A Most Powerful Adversary.”
Kevin Garvey is dead. Or is he? Abandoned by Nora, trapped by their own palm print — and tormented by their ever-more-prominent hallucinations of Patti Levin (Ann Dowd), Kevin agreed to Virgil's “exorcism” plan. Except Virgil didn't keep up their end of the bargain. Instead of reviving Kevin with the epinephrine shot after Kevin dosed themselves with poison, Virgil shot themselves in the head. That left Michael, their grandson, to drag Kevin's body out of the trailer to points unknown. Tune in next week to find out how creator Damon Lindelof revives their leading man. (A hint, perhaps, in Erika Murphy's story last week about the bird they buried?)
As much as the episode featured Kevin's meltdown, it also offered new insight into Patti, revealing their side of that very unique relationship. Variety spoke with Kevin's tormentor-in-chief, Ann Dowd, to get their take on the episode's surprising twist. “It was a phenomenal script,” they tell Variety. “I wrote to Damon immediately. I feel that way about all the scripts, but I was so excited to jump into this one. I was beside myself.”
Did Patti know what Kevin was going to do?
I think they sensed something big, very big was about to happen and had very strong instincts to step in to protect him, but I don't think they knew the outcome. That's the thing that unnerves them that they can clearly see. The anxiety, the unrest — “Don't get in that truck, Kevin.” She's not a seer. Some things they get, but other stuff they don't, and that's what really throws them
It was interesting to learn that Patti doesn't know why she's there, either. “I'm just as f—ing lost as you are,” they tell him.
Damon's extremely helpful. They will answer questions if you have them; if you don't, they won't interfere in any way. What do they really know? Are they there to protect? Are they there to aggravate? They were very helpful. They made a decision last season (to kill herself), and I don't think there are stronger decisions in one's life than that. And the next thing they know, she's back. With him. I don't think they signed up for that. Patti doesn't have a history of strong relationships. They don't know how to do it. They didn't know how in their life, and they don't know how where they are now. But they have a very strong connection to Kevin. Some of it is the need to protect. What would happen if they separated from him?
She's pretty mean to him. They lie to him. They hide the handcuff key from him.
Keeping them off balance regulates them in some way. I don't think they can help it. They knew where the key was — they saw it on the chair, of course they did. They want to be in control as much as they can. Part of that is about is unnerving him. When he's sure of themselves and clocking her, that's unnerving to them She's more comfortable with them off-kilter. When they do that, it's a way of saying, “You're not in charge here. Don't think you are for a minute.” I remember asking Damon, “Do they want that relationship to work out for Kevin and Nora?” And they said, “She doesn't believe in relationships.” I thought, “Wow, that's right.” They don't have any history of any successful relationships. It's just about trying to keep themselves in a place where they can function. If that means throwing them off, that's what she's going to do to stay in charge as much as they can.
They taunted them to the point where they were driven to commit suicide. Where does that leave her? A ghost to a ghost? Wouldn't they have a drive to self-preservation?
I don't think they really knows. They don't see where this was going. Sometimes she's present for these acts of his. Their decision to just end it and then take themselves in there, going to the police — whoa, what are you doing? He's being our hero, the soul of decency, trying to make the right decisions for their own life. She's just trying to hang in there with him. There could be something else after that. I don't know what it is. It could be worse. I don't think they quite knows what's going on or why they want to do what they want to do. But I think they want to be understood by him. I think they want to have an effect on their life. There's a strong pull to get involved there.
What's their connection? Why are they so connected?
When we shot that (suicide) scene last season, I was scared to death, because they wrote it like a play. It felt like a love scene. Something happened there. In their most intimate and powerful act of their life, they were with him. They wanted them to do it for them It would have been a coup for the Guilty Remnant for them as a peacekeeper to do the deed, but they refuse. The two of them started as adversaries, but something happened to them in that room, something that's very unfamiliar for them A real connection occurred. It comes in the strangest of places. In life that happens. You never know when it's going to happen, but when it does, boy do you know it. And you cherish it. Even if you don't know what it is. And it scares you. And it scares them Intimacy is not their field. They learn that they have power. So it made complete sense the fact that they came back to him. There's unfinished business both personal and in the world. There's their own past to sort through. And who better to sort through it with than Kevin.
What's your understanding of the rules of Patti's existence: who can see her, who can't?
When you have the tremendous privilege of working with someone like Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, with those minds and those imaginations, you lose the interest of can you describe who I am, what I am. Your goal and your desire are to figure it out. I wasn't particularly obsessed with the question of who sees me and who doesn't. I know who does because it's in the text and I can put two and two together. I know that I am a presence in their life that is palpable, that they feel stronger than the other relationships in their life. That's what I'm doing here. When it includes Virgil and Michael, it all made sense. That's a scary area for her, with Virgil. This could be dangerous. You shouldn't be going in there. If things change for him, they're going to change for her, too. For better for worse, she's attached to him.
Laurie (Amy Brenneman) had what amounts to an intervention with Kevin, where they told them Patti was just a figment of their imagination. What's your take on that?
It reminds me of the relationship that Patti had with Laurie. Laurie sees the world in the same way they have always seen the world — meaning, it can't be something other. There has to be an explanation if he's seeing the presence of and knowing someone is with him. That's a very accepted way of understanding it. You're having a breakdown. You need to get help. This cannot be anything other than you losing it. But the world is bigger than that. And Patti's presence in their life is bigger than that and cannot be explained by saying you're having a breakdown. That's like telling Patti, the reason you're having all this anxiety is you haven't dealt with your terrible husband. No, it wasn't. They knew that something huge was about to happen, and in fact it did.
That's the world of “The Leftovers” — somewhere in the middle.
That's what I love about it. It doesn't just let you say, “Oh, it's sci-fi.” No, it's not. And it's not just “Oh, it's life and we can see it and touch it and tie up all the loose ends.” No it's not that, either. It fits in a very intriguing, compelling way. To just question how we view the world. How we question our existence. How we view life, our existence, how we're doing, why we're here, for that matter.
Last season they didn't have a voice. She's certainly found their voice this season.
Have they ever! That's what I so love and respect about Damon and Tom and the writers. All that follows makes complete sense to me. When you don't know a person speaks and then there's a lot of talking, it feels completely right. It's a triumph. Not one wrong chord here, not one wrong note. It made all the sense in the world to me.
Any hints about what's to come? There are only three episodes left.
Just hang on. It's extraordinary. It's a mind-blower.
Will Patti be around?
I don't know the answer to that. But I believe in her, let me tell you that.
Meryl Streep's speech condemning President-elect Donald Trump for perceived bullying tactics and intolerance didn't go over well with at least two of the stars in the gilded Golden Globes audience on Sunday night.
Mel Gibson, known to be conservative, and Vince Vaughn, who is a libertarian, death glared throughout Streep's speech - with Vaughn demonstrating the ability to not blink for an uncomfortably long period of time.
Gibson looked confused, frowning and touching their chin, as Meryl took Donald Trump to task for mocking a disabled reporter, bullying, and inciting disrespect and violence.
Scroll down for video
Mel Gibson and Vince Vaughn did not have the look of love on their faces during Meryl's speech
Mel seemed unhappy and perplexed while perhaps Vince was in character for an upcoming movie about a serial killer or Mafioso?
While the rest of the gilded audience cheered Meryl's speech, Mel and Vince took the opposite tack
Twitter users noticed that the pair's stony faces stood in stark contrast to the enraptured audience surrounding them.
Posting a video of the duo, Andrew Autio wrote on Twitter: ' The reactions of the night award goes to Mel Gibson and Vince Vaughn.'
While La Dene Mayville posted: ' Vince's hardened stare, their eyes, are worth a 1K words!! Priceless!'
'The anger on Vince Vaughn's face is the funniest thing he's done in ages,' joked a man named Austin.
'Gotta love Vince Vaughn & Mel Gibson! Both are American patriots!' said Pam Enns.
Others thought the priceless looks were amusing.
VINCE VAUGHN'S LIBERTARIAN VIEWS Actor Vince Vaughn is rarely vocal about politics but in an interview in 2015, they described themselves as a libertarian saying they liked the principles of forming a government built around the law. Three years earlier, they publicly endorsed Republican Ron Paul in their bid to earn the presidential nomination, which Mitt Romney later won. They once appeared on stage with Paul, but rarely talks about politics, saying they don't want to be seen as a political activist. Vaughn has spoken out against gun control and in 2015 insisted guns should be allowed in US schools - saying that banning them is like banishing forks 'to stop making people fat'. However, they do appear to be a supporter of same-sex marriage after they were once quoted as saying that 'Let people decide for themselves who they can marry.'
'Vince Vaughn has the look I had as an angry child when I was forced to watch Little House on the Prairie with my grandparents,' quipped Jason DeWall.
In an explosive six-minute speech on Sunday night, Streep did not hold back as they went after Trump for mocking disabled reporter Serge Kovaleski in November of 2015 during a campaign rally.
'That instinct to humiliate, when it's modeled by someone in a public platform, it filters down into everyone's life because it gives permission for others to do the same,' said Streep in front of a audience packed full of Hollywood A-listers.
'Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. When the powerful use their position to bully others we all lose.'
Trump responded to Streep's comments on Monday by taking aim at the actor on Twitter, writing: 'Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actores in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes.'
Streep, 67, is a three-time Academy Award winner who has been nominated for a record 19 Oscars and a record 30 Golden Globes during a career that has spanned five decades.
The actor is also widely considered to be the greatest living actor by both members of the public and those in the industry.
Meryl Streep, the Cecil B. DeMille honoree, used their Golden Globes acceptance speech on Sunday night to publicly slam Donald Trump for mocking a disabled reporter
Trump came under fire in 2015 for mocking New York Times investigative reporter Serge Kovaleski by impersonating the journalist's physical handicap
That talent is why Streep was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille Award by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association on Sunday night for their 'outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment.'
Trump also called Streep a 'Hillary flunky who lost big' on Monday morning.
The actor was a vocal Hillary Clinton supporter throughout the campaign and even introduced the presidential nominee when they appeared via video feed from their home in New York on the second night of the Democratic National Convention over the summer.
SATURDAY 28 OCTOBER
RONDEBOSCH & TYGER VALLEY ONLY
For 30 years, Sportsmans Warehouse has been at the forefront of the sports and leisure retail industry in South Africa. Driven by a passion for offering the widest range of sporting goods and a commitment to only stock the best brands, a single store in Rondebosch Cape Town grew into a national chain which now boasts 40 different stores and counting.
To celebrate this momentous occasion, we've put together a sparkling variety of competitions, deals and activities, in a triumphant toast to three decades of sporting fun. We invite you to join in the festivities by visiting our Rondebosch and Tyger Valley stores on Saturday the 28th of October, 2017.
As a final note, you might be wondering why we have only selected Rondebosch and Tyger Valley. In short, it was our success in these two locations that ultimately established the platform for our company to grow into the national retail chain that it is today.
We have recently published three new materials to help agencies in advance of the upcoming transition of administrations. Two of the products are targeted at political appointees, a video briefing and 1-page handout. Each are titled “Records Management Guidance for Political Appointees”
This video features an introduction from the Archivist of the United States and describes what political appointees should know when they enter, while they work, and when they leave Federal service. The video is available on NARA's Records Management YouTube Playlist. For agencies that block YouTube at work, we have made the file available for download here. The handout reinforces the points made in the video briefing. Agencies are encouraged to share the materials with political appointees.
Additionally, we have created Model Federal Records and Information Management Entrance and Exit Checklists. These checklists describe basic common records management responsibilities and tasks all individuals should complete when entering or leaving Federal service. The checklists are posted online in a Microsoft Word format to allow records management staff to easily adapt the materials to their specific agency needs.
When preparing for the entrance and exit of employees, agencies should:
start as early as possible in each phase of service,
integrate records management training into existing practices and procedures, and
ensure the removal of any material by an individual is cleared by appropriate staff.
It is important to stress to political appointees and departing officials that records and information they created in the course of their official duties must remain under control of the agency. By ensuring departing officials are aware of Federal records management requirements, agencies can ensure official actions and decisions are documented and preserved for future generations.
If you have any questions about these materials, please email PRMD@nara.gov.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
After the National Basketball Association (NBA) celebrated its in-your-face version of Black History Month last month, I thought it would be good to look at the accomplishments of black head coaches in the NBA and other professional sports. They haven't been very successful.
I have been a fan of the New York Knicks since age six, and watch them whenever they're on national TV. For a full decade, from 1991 to 2001, the Knicks were in the playoffs every year. They were led by white coaches—Pat Riley, Don Nelson, and Jeff Van Gundy—who won 530 of their 832 regular season games, for a winning percentage of just under 64 percent. In the playoffs, Mr. Riley and Mr. Van Gundy had a solid 72-60 record, and led the Knicks to the NBA Finals in 1994 and 1999.
Since 2001, the Knicks have been led for the most part by black head coaches, and the results have been abysmal. Don Chaney, Herb Williams, Lenny Wilkens, Isaiah Thomas, and Mike Woodson have combined to win only 288 games, while losing 362—a winning percentage of only 44 percent—and have made the playoffs only four times since 2001. In the new millennium, black coaches have won only six playoff games for the Knicks, while losing 10.
The struggles of the black Knicks coaches are not an aberration. There are 30 NBA teams, and therefore 30 NBA head coaches. In a league in which over 80 percent of the players are black, 18 head coaches are white, and 11 are black. This, by itself, hints at the superiority of white coaches. (One NBA head coach, Erik Spoelstra of the defending champion Miami Heat, has a white father and a Filipino mother.)
As of March 27, the 18 white coaches were 74 games over .500, having won 652 games and lost 578, for a winning percentage of 53. The eleven black coaches (plus one former black coach of the Detroit Pistons, who was recently fired and replaced with a white coach) have won 368 games while losing 467, for a win rate of 44 percent.
An especially striking case of substandard performance by a black coach is that of Knicks coach Mike Woodson. Mr. Woodson's Knicks have the second highest payroll of any team in the league, and yet have managed to win just 30 games while losing 42. The Brooklyn Nets, also led by a black coach, have the highest payroll in the league. They have won only four more games than they have lost. Meanwhile, the second thriftiest team in the league is the Phoenix Suns. Led by a white head coach, the Suns have won 43 games and lost only 29.
Here is a complete breakdown of NBA teams; their current record as of March 27, 2014; the race of their coach; and their 2013-14 payroll:
Team Wins Losses Win% Coach Race Payroll in $Mil (Rank) San Antonio 55 16 .775 White 64.1 (18) Oklahoma City 52 19 .732 White 69.5 (13) Indiana 52 20 .722 White 71.4 (8) LA Clippers 50 22 .694 LS Black** 74.6 (5) Houston 48 22 .686 White 57.4 (25) Miami 48 22 .686 Asian 81.8 (3) Portland 45 27 .625 White 61.3 (22) Golden State 44 27 .620 LS Black** 70.4 (11) Memphis 43 28 .606 White 71.6 (7) Phoenix 43 29 .597 White 53.9 (29) Dallas 43 29 .597 White 67.9 (15) Chicago 40 31 .563 White 73.1 (6) Toronto 40 31 .563 Black 70.9 (9) Brooklyn 37 33 .529 LS Black** 100.8 (1) Washington 36 35 .507 White 70.3 (12) Minnesota 35 35 .500 White 68.5 (14) Charlotte 35 37 .486 White 60.8 (23) Denver 32 40 .444 Black 66.7 (16) Atlanta 31 39 .443 White 59.2 (24) New Orleans 31 40 .437 LS Black** 66.6 (17) New York 30 42 .417 Black 87.6 (2) Cleveland 29 44 .397 Black 63.7 (19) Detroit 26 45 .366 Black/White* 62.4 (20) Sacramento 25 46 .352 White 62.3 (21) LA Lakers 24 46 .343 White 79.3 (4) Boston 23 48 .324 White 70.5 (10) Utah 23 49 .319 Black 56.6 (27) Orlando 20 52 .278 Black 56.8 (26) Philadelphia 15 56 .211 White 45.6 (30) Milwaukee 13 58 .183 Black 55.9 (28)
*Detroit fired its black coach after 19 wins and 29 losses. A white coach has taken over and won 7 games while losing 16.
**LS Black denotes a light-skinned “black coach.” The four LS coaches have Barack Obama skin color or lighter.
White coaches are concentrated at the top. Nine of the 12 best teams in the league are led by white head coaches. Moreover, the white coaches tend to do an exceptional job with limited resources. Of the seven teams with top-10 records led by white head coaches, only two have payrolls in the top 10, and three of them have payrolls in the bottom 10.
Light-skinned black coaches fare far better than non-mixed (or less-mixed) black coaches. As a group, they have won 162 games while losing only 122—though with the help of relatively high payrolls. Of the eight dark-skinned black coaches, only one has more wins than losses, and six rank in the bottom ten in wins/losses. All told, dark-skinned black coaches have won a grand total of 206 games this year, while losing 345, for a winning percentage of just 37. No team coached by a dark-skinned black has a win/loss ranking that exceeds its payroll ranking.
The win-loss records of black and white head coaches in the National Football League and Major League Baseball are much closer. What is remarkable in these sports is how few black coaches there are. In the NFL, where 66.3 percent of the players are black and only 30.1 percent are white, for the 2013 season, an astonishing 28 of the 32 coaches were white. Put another way, in a league in which 30 percent of the players are white, 88 percent of the head coaches were white. Only three of the 32 NFL coaches in 2013 were black, and one was Hispanic. This is all the more remarkable considering the NFL's controversial “Rooney Rule,” established in 2003, which requires that all NFL teams interview minority candidates when they are looking for a new head coach.
Because of the much smaller minority sample size, it is harder to analyze NFL coaching success based on race. But for whatever it's worth, in 2013, white head coaches won 219 games, while losing 228 and tying 1, for a winning percentage of 49. The three black head coaches had a somewhat better record, combined to win 24, lose 23, and tie 1, for a winning percentage of 51. The NFL's lone Hispanic head coach was especially successful, winning 12 games and losing 4.
In baseball, much has been made about the declining percentage of African-American players. Though the percentage of American-born blacks in the MLB is right around 8.3, the total number of blacks is just under 20 percent, because foreign-born blacks from Latin America—mainly the Dominican Republic—outnumber American blacks. Of the 30 MLB managers, only three were black in 2013. Twenty-six were white, and again there was one Hispanic.
In 2013, the 26 white managers won a combined 2,103 games while losing 2,110, for a winning rate of almost exactly 50 percent. The three black managers did worse, winning 232 games and losing 255, for a winning percentage of 47.6. As in the NFL, the lone Hispanic manager in MLB had a great season, winning 96 games and losing only 66.
Another way to measure coaching success is by the number of championships won. Frank Robinson became the first black MLB manager in history, almost 40 years ago, in 1975. Since their “breakthrough” only one black manager has won the World Series, though they did it twice (Toronto's Cito Gaston in 1992 and 1993). One Hispanic manager, Ozzie Guillen in 2005, has won the World Series. The other 35 championship teams since 1975 have been led by whites.
Baseball fans know that in recent years there have been a number of black managers with talented rosters who have failed. These include Ron Washington, who still manages the Texas Rangers despite the revelation that they snorted cocaine while they were manager in 2009; Willie Randolph and Jerry Manuel of the New York Mets; and Dusty Baker, who came up short with talented rosters when they led the Chicago Cubs and when they led the Cincinnati Reds.
In pro football, of the 25 Super Bowls since 1989 (the first year there was black head coach in the Super Bowl era), only two have been won by black head coaches.
In basketball, the blackest sport both in terms of players and coaches, the championship list is again filled with white coaches. Of the last 26 NBA-champion teams, only one has been led by a black head coach: The 2007-08 Boston Celtics were coached by the light-skinned Doc Rivers. Asian head coach Erik Spoelstra has won the last two NBA titles, but aside from them and Doc Rivers, every NBA championship head coach since 1986 has been white. In the 45 years since the first black NBA coach, black coaches have won seven titles, and two of those were by “player-coach” Bill Russell in the 1960s.
There has never been a black head coach in the National Hockey League.
Black coaches, on the whole, have not been successful in the four major sports. When blacks have held head coaching or managerial positions, their performance has been disappointing, especially in basketball. In professional football and baseball, there are a few success stories, but white coaches generally have better records. Blacks often complain that they are underrepresented in coaching positions because of “racism.” The real explanation is that few of them have the ability for these very challenging jobs.
About Jason Daugherty View all posts by Jason Daugherty Mr. Daugherty studied history at the University of Cincinnati. They live in Baltimore County, Maryland, and enjoys golf and hiking.
Share This
By Becky Perlow, CNN
(CNN) - More than 160 years after its founding as a pro-slavery church, the Southern Baptist Convention on Tuesday elected a black pastor for the first time to lead the denomination.
The election of the Rev. Fred Luter Jr. of New Orleans comes 17 years after Southern Baptist leaders apologized for the denomination's onetime support of white supremacist and segregationist policies.
It also cements years of effort by the church to overcome that divisive heritage.
"Just as some have said that in America race is the original sin, that certainly has been the case among the Southern Baptists," said Curtis Freeman, the director of Duke University's Baptist House of Studies. "It's something that the convention has never been quite able to [get] beyond."
Luter, 55, was unopposed in the election, which occurred Tuesday afternoon at the denomination's annual meeting in New Orleans.
They come to the presidency after serving one term as vice president of the 16 million member organization, the second-largest denomination in the United States - behind only the Catholic Church. They will replace the Rev. Bryant Wright, the senior pastor at Johnson Ferry Baptist Church in Marietta, Georgia.
In February, Luter told the Baptist Press that they felt called to help solve the church's divisive racial heritage.
"It was not on my bucket list, so to speak, but I think God ordained this because of the fact that what we're dealing with right now through the convention is trying to make the convention diverse," Luter said. "I think this will speak not only to our convention but to our country and throughout the world that this convention is serious about reaching all people."
The Southern Baptist Convention was founded by Southern slaveholders in 1845 after Northern Baptists opposed their desire to serve as missionaries. In recent years, the church has tried to shed that racist imprint, reaching out to minorities as both members and members of its clergy.
In a watershed moment in 1995, during its 150th anniversary, the church issued a formal apology for its onetime support of slavery.
Along with Luter's long journey to tear down the racial walls that plague their denomination, blacks have taken over the reigns of some state Baptist organizations while the church has encouraged racially diverse congregations to reach out to one another through missionary work.
In May, Luter told PBS that it is time to close the books on what the church once represented.
"I have a past, you have a past, everybody has a past," they told PBS. "This convention, unfortunately, has a past that we're trying to move forward from, and that's how I look at it. There was apology made, and so it's now time to move on."
Anthea Butler, an associate professor of religious studies at the University of Pennsylvania and a contributing editor at the online magazine Religion Dispatches said Luter's election was "inevitable."
"I mean, it's historic in one sense, but in another sense, it's pretty much par for the course because they were going after this all this time. They knew they had to come into the 20th, 21st century," said Butler.
Luter began as a street preacher in New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward who later built the struggling Franklin Avenue Baptist Church from 65 members to more than 8,000 congregants.
 They are known for delivering sermons at breakneck speed, said Franklin Avenue church administrator Larry Johnson.
"When you're preaching on the street, you have to be quick to get the attention of the people that are passing by 'cause if you talk slow, then the people just don't get the message," Johnson said.
They have refused to build barriers between themselves and parishioners as have some pastors of large churches, and that has endeared them to members, Johnson said.
"He gives of themselves to their congregation, and we love them for that. There's no fake about him. He's totally genuine."
Freeman said that Luter's first moves as president will likely be to find ways to bring the racially divided church together in hopes of increasing member loyalty, although this has proved difficult in recent months.
Following the February killing of African-American teen-ager Trayvon Martin by a Hispanic neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida, and the racial debates that followed, the president of the SBC's ethnic and religious liberty commission chastised President Barack Obama for taking advantage of the situation.
"The president's aides claim they were showing compassion for the victim's family. In reality, they poured gasoline on the racialist fires," Richard Land said at the time.
Critics were outraged at Land's comments, which they later retracted and apologized for to the community.
Luter's election could help change the entire ethos of the denomination, including a potential increase in minority members, Freeman said.
"Anybody who thinks this is just a kind of show to try to say, 'Well, it's time. We have a black president of the United States, we might as well have a black president of the Southern Baptists [will be] in for a surprise because Fred Luter is a man of conviction, a man who's not just going do what other people are suggesting," they said.
Among other powers, Luter will hold authority to appoint the nominating committee that will choose the denomination's governing board, Freeman said.
"If Fred Luter's leadership in the Southern Baptist could bring at least a step toward better relations between black and white Baptists in the South, then we would all be deeply in their debt," Freeman said.
The church's membership has declined in recent years, according to an annual profile gathered by LifeWay, a resource arm of SBC.
From 2010 to 2011, although the church gained additional churches, it lost almost 160,000, or about 1%, of its members.
Image caption Rebels in Libya have cheered US involvement
The US administration is examining the legality of continuing in the Nato-led Libya campaign beyond Friday.
The War Powers Resolution, passed after US withdrawal from the Vietnam War, rules that involvement in combat operations unauthorised by Congress must be terminated after 60 days.
That deadline is on Friday and deputy secretary of state James Steinberg has said the government is aware of it.
"President Obama has been mindful of the War Powers Resolution," they said.
In reference to the deadline, they said the administration was "actively reviewing" its role.
The president formally informed Congress of US involvement in Libya on 21 March.
White House lawyers are reportedly looking at ways US action in Libya can continue without contravening the resolution.
But Bruce Ackerman, a law professor at Yale University, says continuing without Congressional consent sets a dangerous precedent.
"A future president not as reasonable as President Obama is going to use this case to engage in something much more ambitious.
"From the point of view of long-term constitutional development, this is an important decision which will have precedental force in a very different context."
Congress passed the War Powers Resolution at the end of the Vietnam War, overriding President Nixon's veto.
It built on efforts by the founding fathers to repudiate the model of executive war-making, said Professor Ackerman.
This summer, the Washington Wizards signed Otto Porter to a max contract even though they have never made an All-Star appearance.
This is not as uncommon as one might expect. Below are the players (since 2000) who have received max deals before their first All-Star selection.
How did those contracts work for their teams?
Great
Tracy McGrady , Orlando (2000)
12 things you may not know about Tracy McGrady. pic.twitter.com/S45Y1TtbQE — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) July 24, 2017
McGrady made seven All-Star appearances after their max contract
The Magic gave McGrady a contract worth $67.5 million over six years. They played three seasons for Toronto before they joined Grant Hill (also on a max deal) in Orlando. It's worth mentioning McGrady later said they regret ever leaving the Raptors.
They only played four seasons for the Magic, two of which they led the NBA in scoring. However, Orlando finished with the worst record in the Eastern Conference in 2004 and McGrady then asked to be traded.
Joe Johnson , Atlanta (2005)
Best active players without a ring: CP3
Westbrook
Harden
Melo
Dwight
Vince Carter
LaMarcus Aldridge
Joe Johnson
Millsap
Zach Randolph
Deron — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) June 13, 2017
Johnson made seven All-Star appearances after their max contract
Johnson played such a big role for the Suns that they believe Phoenix would have won the NBA championship had they remained healthy in 2005. After the season, however, they were included in a sign-and-trade that brought them to the Hawks.
They played seven seasons for Atlanta and had five consecutive years where they averaged more than 20 points per game. Though they were All-NBA in 2010, their subsequent contract was seen as fairly detrimental and was traded to the Nets to clear cap space.
Marc Gasol , Memphis (2011)
10 things you may not know about Marc Gasol. pic.twitter.com/Kr06xEe1UC — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) July 17, 2017
Gasol has made three All-Star appearances since their max contract
While it was unclear if they would become an unrestricted free agent, the Grizzlies assured Gasol they would match any deal offered by a rival team. As such, the 7-foot-1 center signed a four-year extension in December 2011 to keep them in Memphis. Since then, they have been a consistently impressive player when healthy. They have improved as a scorer and they are also a terrific passer.
James Harden , Houston (2012)
10 things you may not know about James Harden. pic.twitter.com/nYODeyb2kp — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) February 2, 2017
Harden has made straight five All-Star appearances since their max contract
Perhaps they were not yet an All-Star due to circumstance for the Thunder. But as the reigning Sixth Man of the Year, Harden was then signed to a max deal by the Rockets shortly after they were traded to the team.
They have been an All-Star every season since the deal. They led the NBA in points scored in 2014-15 and 2015-16 and also was first in assists during the 2016-17 season.
DeMarcus Cousins , Sacramento (2013)
How will Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins fit together on the Pelicans? My colleagues at @HoopsHype break down what NOLA must do: pic.twitter.com/XK3127wRVO — Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) February 22, 2017
Cousins has made three All-Star appearances since their max contract
While Cousins has since been traded away from the Kings, they received a max deal from the team before their rookie deal expired. They became the focal point of the franchise and led the NBA in usage rate during the 2015-16 season. As a constant force to be reckoned with in the paint, they are both a dominant big man and a fearless rebounder.
Gordon Hayward , Utah (2014)
10 things you may not know about new Celtic Gordon Hayward. pic.twitter.com/qVUoeHOMlV — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) July 16, 2017
Hayward has made one All-Star appearance since their max contract
Some may forget the Hornets offered Hayward a max deal, which forced Utah to match in 2014. They were coming off a season in which they averaged career-highs (at the time) in points, rebounds and assists. The Jazz didn't offer them an extension in October 2013, which forced them to test the open market. However, the organization made it clear they would match offer sheets given to Hayward… and it was a good call.
Kawhi Leonard , San Antonio (2015)
10 things you may not know about Kawhi Leonard. pic.twitter.com/YIKoFLqbJH — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) January 19, 2017
Leonard has made two straight All-Star appearances since their max contract
It's hard to imagine Leonard playing anywhere in the NBA besides the Spurs. Never one for much pomp and circumstance, they signed a massive deal to remain in San Antonio, which surprised virtually no one. They seem like a perfect player for head coach Gregg Popovich and has developed immensely to become one of the best in the league.
Leonard led the league in steals and defensive rating during the 2014-15 season and was NBA Finals MVP in 2014.  They are also a very accurate, effective scorer.
DeAndre Jordan , LA Clippers (2015)
On the underrated season of Clippers centers DeAndre Jordan. pic.twitter.com/6k0hiJapj0 — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) March 24, 2017
Jordan has made one All-Star appearance since their max contract
Even though they were originally committed to the Mavericks, Jordan flipped a switch and decided instead to re-sign with the Clippers. In fact, a contingent including Blake Griffin and Chris Paul (as well as team owner Steve Ballmer and head coach Doc Rivers) flew to Houston to help convince them to change their mind.
While Paul is no longer with the team, Jordan will become one of the faces of the organization in Los Angeles rather than playing third-wheel to Griffin and CP3.
Meh
Antawn Jamison , Golden State (2002)
Antawn Jamison has been the top scorer of three different teams with less than 20 wins in a season (Golden State, Washington and Cleveland). — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) November 14, 2014
Jamison made two All-Star appearances after their max contract
A No. 4 overall pick in the 1998 draft, Jamison was emerging as one of the league's brightest young stars early in the century. During the 2000-01 season, they averaged a remarkable 24.9 points per game with 8.7 rebounds in Golden State. But most of their max contract seasons were spent elsewhere.
In their only season with the Mavericks, they were named the Sixth Man of the Year during the 2003-04 season when they were one of the most accurate shooters in the league. The next year, then on the Wizards, they were named an All-Star for the first time in their career.
Rudy Gay , Memphis (2010)
Aside from the Grizzlies, other teams around the league including the Nets and Timberwolves showed interest in Gay during Free Agency 2010. After their rookie campaign, Gay has averaged at least 17 points per game in each season – that's nine consecutive years. While they have changed teams, they remain a consistent scoring threat… even though they never became a full-blown NBA star.
Brook Lopez , Brooklyn (2012)
Brook Lopez is one of only five active players to average 18-plus points, 7-plus rebounds and 1.5-plus blocks per game since 2008. — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) June 21, 2017
Lopez has made one All-Star appearance after signing their max contract
The Brooklyn big man became the focal point of a lowly Nets franchise after they were rumored to be involved in a trade to land Dwight Howard. One year after their contract extension, Lopez finished Top 10 in points per game. Until this offseason, they were one of the longest-tenured players on one team in the NBA but will join the Lakers after a move for Brooklyn to land D'Angelo Russell.
Enes Kanter , Oklahoma City (2015)
The Thunder were not insane to offer Kanter a big contract considering they averaged 18.7 points per game and 11.0 rebounds per game when they were first traded to the team. But they were playing 31.0 minutes per game at the time and has since seen a decrease to around 21.0 minutes. With less time on the court, their counting stats have dropped.
However, their average per 36 minutes is now better than it was even when they were most impressive. During 2015-16, their player efficiency rating was Top 10 in the NBA. Kanter also had the fourth-best total rebounding percentage and the fourth-best offensive rating as well as the sixth-best effective shooting field goal percentage and true shooting percentage.
Jury is still out
Mike Conley , Memphis (2016)
10 things you may not know about Mike Conley. pic.twitter.com/sMQo78oQkE — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) April 3, 2017
The Western Conference is stacked with stellar point guards and Memphis made a move to stay in competition when they re-signed Conley. At the time, their deal made them the highest-paid player in NBA history. After the deal, they had a career-high 20.5 points per game while also shooting a career-high 46 percent from the field. He's also effective on defense and led the league in steals during the 2012-13 season.
Bradley Beal , Washington (2016)
The sharp-shooting guard likely would have received a similar deal from a different team if the Wizards did not offer them a max contract.
Beal shot 40.9 percent from long distance during the 2014-15 season, which was among the best in the NBA. Last season, they had a career-high 23.1 points per game. They could become an All-Star soon if they keep at this pace.
Bad
Eric Gordon , New Orleans (2012)
Once included in a trade to help the Clippers land Chris Paul, Gordon has seen a decrease in their minutes played and usage rate. Last season, they were named the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year for the Rockets. But this is not what New Orleans had in mind when they offered them a max contract in 2012. They nearly signed with the Suns until the Pelicans matched the offer sheet, which turned their deal into one of the league's worst. As a cheaper player, they are now a much better fit in Houston.
Wesley Matthews , Dallas (2015)
Wes Matthews, who went undrafted AND is coming off an Achilles tear, is now the 23rd-highest-paid player in the NBA. He'll make $16,407,500. — Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) August 16, 2015
When they were on the Trail Blazers, they were a solid scoring option. Since they signed with the Mavericks, they have struggled to impress following a serious injury. In their final two years with Portland, their Win shares per 48 minutes were .142 and .147 – in their recent two seasons, those numbers have fallen to .067 and .060 for Dallas. Meanwhile, their value over replacement player has cut in half as well. It's unlikely Matthews ever makes an All-Star team considering they play in the crowded Western Conference.
Greg Monroe , Milwaukee (2015)
After the Pistons chose not to offer Monroe a max contract, they landed with the Bucks. While they performed well once Josh Smith left Detroit and they saw an increase in usage, they have since seen a decreased role on their team.
In fact, he's become a trade candidate after opting into the final year of their deal. Last year, they had a career-worst 6.6 rebounds per game as well as a career-worst 0.5 blocks per game.
Chandler Parsons , Memphis (2016)
A look at Chandler Parsons' nightmare season. pic.twitter.com/dKLL4M7Gpj — HoopsHype (@hoopshype) March 5, 2017
It's relatively unclear why the Grizzlies decided to offer Parsons so much money. Their scoring, rebounding and steals had decreased three seasons in a row before they signed with Memphis. Last season, however, was something Parsons needs to immediately put behind him. While they say they would have re-signed with Dallas for less than the max, Mavericks owner Mark Cuban disputes this report. They have had three-straight season-ending knee surgeries, which is terrible news for the Memphis front office.
Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon joked that Hillary Clinton got their “ass kicked” as they mocked their new memoir, What Happened.
"Here's what a phony they are. They just wrote another 900-page book. Right? Didn't they just write another 900-page book?” Bannon said at a Citadel Republican Society event in South Carolina on Friday night. “By the way, this is a way to compensate them Why don't big publishing companies, big media companies, just write them a big check and say ‘don't write any more books,' just give them another $10 million. The thing was – W hat Happened? Ma'am, with all due respect, and I really mean this, what happened? You got your ass kicked.”
Cheers ensued, which prompted Bannon to say: "Okay, okay. I know I'm going to get lit up on CNN in a moment."
“I was just kidding, just some humor," they added, shaking their head.
Clinton's book was released Sept. 12 and recounts their journey during the 2016 election.
Clinton has cast blame for their 2016 loss on a number of people and other factors, including former FBI Director James Comey, the media, and the Electoral College.
Bannon returned to their post as executive chairperson of Breitbart News after they left the White House in August. They had served as President Trump's campaign as chief executive officer in the 2016 campaign's final months.
Photo Credit: Crysis Rubel
For years, carbon tax advocates scoffed at the notion that Exxon-Mobil would back a tax on climate-damaging carbon pollution. We saw through the vague hypotheticals in which the oil giant cloaked its occasional expressions of support. Rather than invest political muscle in carbon tax legislation, Exxon for decades funded a network of deception that blocked meaningful action on climate.
So why are we taking notice that this past June Exxon formally endorsed a so-called Republican carbon tax plan? And why am I not up in arms that the plan entails granting Exxon and other fossil fuel owners immunity from legal damages for the climate havoc caused by extracting and burning these fuels?
It comes down to two reasons. First, there's little chance that oil, coal, and gas companies could ever be made to pay more than token amounts for the ruin their products cause. Second, though bankrupting big oil may seem appetizing, it's a distraction from the real goal of “demand destruction”—shrinking and eliminating the use of carbon-based fuels. The fastest path to that goal is through a robust carbon tax that manifests the harms caused by those fuels in the prices the marketplace pays for oil, coal, and gas, as the new proposal would do.
The carbon tax plan is dubbed “Republican” because its public faces are those of George Shultz and James Baker, exemplars of the outcast center-right GOP establishment. Two factors set this plan apart from current Republican orthodoxy.
First, the Shultz-Baker tax is no slouch. It would start at $40 per ton of carbon dioxide and rise from there, putting it miles above anything floated by oil companies or Republican officeholders.
The price is high enough not only to nail the coffin on coal, by far the dirtiest fossil fuel, but also to put a serious dent in oil usage.
After a decade, according to my modeling, U.S. carbon emissions would be 27 percent less than last year and 36 percent less than in 2005, the standard baseline year in climate analysis.
Second is the equitable distribution of the carbon tax proceeds. They would be disbursed to American families as “dividends,” with equal revenue slices for all. This approach is not only income-progressive, making it a black swan among Republican policy ideas; it also buys support for raising the tax level over time, since the dividends would rise in tandem.
The Shultz-Baker tax may actually have political legs. While the current White House and Congress are tribally bound to vilify anything smacking of Al Gore or Barack Obama, the 2018 midterms and the 2020 presidential election could bring a reckoning on climate policy. With a majority of Americans in a recent poll calling climate change “extremely or very important” to them personally, Republicans may soon be seeking an escape hatch.
Three attributes in the Shultz-Baker proposal meant to win over the center-right are anathema to progressive elements in the climate movement. We can call them: no investment, no regulation, and no litigation.
“No investment” means dedicating the carbon revenues to the dividend checks, leaving none for government to construct carbon-free energy and transportation systems or to remediate the “frontline” communities most ravaged by fossil fuel infrastructure. Yet economists are convinced that the price-pull of the carbon tax will bring about this transition.
“No regulation” means rescinding EPA climate rules, principally the Obama-era Clean Power Plan prized by environmental powerhouses like the Sierra Club. But the Clean Power Plan is nearly “mission accomplished”: its target is already four-fifths met (and rising) as coal-fired electricity production is eaten away by natural gas, rising wind and solar power, and energy efficiency.
Finally, “no litigation” means letting carbon corporations and shareholders off the hook for producing and promoting their climate-ruining products—a bitter pill for the broad and insistent fossil fuel divestment and “Exxon knew” movement spearheaded so effectively by Bill McKibben. Yet would that be a grievous loss? Not according to Michael B. Gerrard, who directs the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia Law School: “No lawsuits anywhere in the world seeking to hold fossil fuel companies liable for climate change have succeeded,” Gerrard told me recently via email. “Losing the ability to sue these companies for climate change would not be giving up a huge amount if it were in exchange for a large enough carbon tax.”
So is the promised carbon tax large (and solid) enough to justify dealing away the triad of litigation, investment, and regulation? My colleagues and I at the Carbon Tax Center believe it is.
The proposal is gathering steam. Not just Exxon but a dozen other corporations, including General Motors, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Pepsico, and three other oil companies (Shell, BP, and Total) formally endorsed the plan in June, along with the Nature Conservancy and the World Resources Institute. The political path for the Shultz-Baker carbon tax, not much wider than a human hair when it was launched last winter, is broadening rapidly.
Charles Komanoff, an economist, directs the Carbon Tax Center in New York City.
The United States of Inequality
18 December 2017
Last week, as Congress rushed to pass a tax bill that will transfer trillions of dollars to the financial oligarchy, two separate teams of experts published damning reports documenting the growth of social inequality in the United States.
On Thursday, a group of leading inequality researchers, including Thomas Piketty, Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman, published its 2018 World Inequality Report, which shows that the United States is far more unequal than the advanced economies of Western Europe, as well as much of the rest of the world.
The researchers reported that the income share of the top 1 percent of US income earners rose from 10 percent in 1980 to 20 percent in 2016, while the income share of the bottom 50 percent fell from 20 percent to 13 percent over the same period. The bottom 90 percent controls just 27 percent of the wealth today, compared to 40 percent three decades ago.
Another graphic indictment of American society was offered by Philip Alston, the UN special rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, who argued in a report published Friday that the prevalence of extreme poverty amid unimaginable opulence in the US is a violation of basic human rights.
The fact that the United States has invaded, bombed and destabilized countries all over the world on the pretext of defending “human rights” is no doubt one of the reasons the corporate-controlled media has chosen to bury both of these reports.
Alston writes of the “sewage filled yards in states where governments don't consider sanitation facilities to be their responsibility,” of “people who had lost all of their teeth because adult dental care is not covered by the vast majority of programs available to the very poor,” and of “soaring death rates and family and community destruction wrought by prescription and other drug addiction.”
They note that the extreme concentration of wealth has eroded the foundations of American democracy, writing: “There is no other developed country where so many voters are disenfranchised… and where ordinary voters ultimately have so little impact on political outcomes.”
In its Sunday edition, the New York Times published an editorial titled “The Tax Bill That Inequality Created.” The newspaper criticizes the bill being rammed through Congress for “lavishing breaks on corporations and the wealthy while taking benefits away from the poor and the middle class.” The editors add, “What many may not realize is that growing inequality helped create the bill in the first place.” A “smaller and smaller group of people” have become “in effect, kingmakers,” seeking to “bend American politics to serve their interests… rich families have supported candidates who share their hostility to progressive taxation, welfare programs and government regulation of any kind.”
The editors place the onus on Republicans, though they acknowledge that “donations from Wall Street and corporate America have… pushed many Democrats to the center or even to the right on issues like financial regulation, international trade, antitrust policy and welfare reform.”
There is a striking disconnect between the Times' portrait of American society and its prescription, which, in the end, is to support the Democratic Party. The editorial concludes by hailing the election of right-wing Democrat Doug Jones in Alabama as proof that “inequality in America does not have to be self-perpetuating.”
The Times does not see fit to mention that in the 2016 elections it wholeheartedly backed a candidate, Hillary Clinton, who is completely beholden to “Wall Street and corporate America.” Nor does it recall that just last month it published an editorial declaring its full support for corporate tax cuts, the heart of the Republican tax plan. The Times wrote, “If Republicans worked with Democrats, they could reach a compromise to lower the top corporate tax rate.”
Entirely absent from the Times' account is any explanation of why and how the United States has come to this point, or what the colossal levels of social inequality imply for the future of American society. This is because to do so would mean raising the question of the capitalist system itself, which the newspaper fervently supports.
The present situation did not arise from nowhere. Nor is it simply the product of the nefarious operations of one party. The emergence of oligarchic forms of rule, or “kingmakers,” is the product of a long historical evolution.
The ideological foundations of 20th century American capitalism—the “American Dream,” the idea that the development of American capitalism would “lift all boats,” that each generation would be better off than the last—are now a distant memory.
During the first part of the last century, the American ruling class responded to the eruption of class conflict and the threat of socialist revolution, represented above all by the Russian Revolution, with social reforms—Roosevelt's New Deal (including Social Security), increases in taxes on the wealthy, and the Great Society programs of the 1960s (including Medicare and Medicaid).
These measures, however, were implemented within the framework of preserving a social and economic system based on private ownership of the banks and corporations. Moreover, they were premised on the strength of American capitalism and its dominant position in the world economy.
The shift in ruling-class strategy corresponded with a shift in the position of American capitalism. Over the past half-century, the ruling class has sought to offset the decline in its economic position externally through military aggression and internally through the upward redistribution of social resources from the great mass of the population to the financial oligarchy. The results can be seen in the curve of social inequality, which shows the top one percent steadily amassing a greater share of wealth and income.
The trajectory has continued under both Democrats and Republicans. The Times editorial refers to the enormous growth of inequality over the past three decades. However, during this period Democrats occupied the presidency for 16 years (two terms for Clinton, two terms for Obama), compared to 12 years for Republicans (one term for Bush Sr, two for Bush Jr.). The processes of deregulation and financialization and the slashing of social programs have continued unabated, regardless of the political party controlling the White House and Capitol Hill.
All the institutions of American society have had their role to play in this social counterrevolution. The trade unions have transformed themselves into appendages of corporate management, relinquishing all claim to being “workers' organizations.” During the 1980s, they isolated and suppressed every single strike or struggle against the onslaught of the rich. Today, they serve as cheap-labor contractors and industrial police for the ruling class, while providing comfortable sinecures for the upper-middle class functionaries that control them.
The Trump administration and its tax bill, far from being an aberration, are the continuation of this class policy.
The state of American society—to which ruling classes around the world look as a model—is a confirmation of Marxism. Capitalism is characterized by an irreconcilable conflict between the working class, the vast majority of humanity, and the ruling elite. The state is not a neutral arbiter, but an instrument of class rule. The working class must organize itself independently, with the aim of restructuring social and economic life.
The Democrats are no less terrified of this prospect than the Republicans. Hence the endless attempts to divert and disorient—from the anti-Russia campaign to the current hysteria over sexual harassment being promoted by the New York Times, among others.
When the Workers League in the US took the decision to form the Socialist Equality Party 22 years ago, it noted that the dominant feature in political life was “the widening gap between a small percentage of the population that enjoys unprecedented wealth and the broad mass of the working population that lives in varying degrees of economic uncertainty and distress.”
This analysis has been confirmed over the subsequent two decades. Just as the meteoric rise of social inequality is the inexorable outcome of the capitalist system, so too is the socialist transformation of society the only means to rid American and world society of the scourge of social inequality and the domination of the financial oligarchy, whose grip over social and economic life has become the principal obstacle to human progress.
Andre Damon
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Debt and Future Generations
As the national debt approaches $16.4 trillion, it is worth reminding ourselves why that debt should give us cause for concern. Government spending itself can be harmful because it crowds out private investment, redirecting resources to projects that are designed more for political than economic benefit. But the debt itself -- outlays in excess of receipts -- has consequences beyond that of even a "responsible" level of spending, since it represents payments that future generations will have to make. By racking up debt today, we are imposing a burden on our children. Keynesian economists object and say that debt does not hurt future generations, provided that "we owe it to ourselves." Dean Baker writes that "As a country we cannot impose huge debt burdens on our children [since] the ownership of our debt will be passed on to our children. If we have some huge thousand trillion dollar debt that is owed to our children, then how have we imposed a burden on them?"
The murders so brutal they shocked even South Africa: Couple shot dead, then son aged 12 is drowned in scalding bath
Sobbing child was tied up and gagged before being murdered in bath 'because they could identify them'
The three men assaulted the father with a golf club and blade before shooting both adults
Family dog had stomach cut open
Trio worked for the family and said killings were revenge for being badly treated
Violent death: Amaro Viana was brutally killed in a bath of boiling hot water because they have identified their parents' murderers
Even in a country that sees 44 murders a day, the case has left the public horrified.
A gang of robbers gunned down a father, raped and murdered their wife.
Then, in a final act of sickening brutality, they drowned the couple's 12-year-old son in scalding bath water.
Amaro Viana was murdered to prevent them from identifying the three housebreakers who carried out the raid in suburban South Africa.
The gang included the family's gardener and the son of a domestic servant.
It was claimed they were motivated by the way they had been treated by the Viana family.
Appearing in court yesterday, the gardener Patrick Radebe, 24, confessed to being part of the gang which broke into their home in October last year.
Vereeniging Regional Court heard that, after gaining access to the house in Walkerville, a suburb of Johannesburg, the gang lay in wait for Amaro's engineer father Tony, 53, to arrive home.
When they walked through the front door, they attacked them with golf clubs and a machete-like knife known as a panga before tying them up and ordering them to tell them how to open the family safe.
Twisted: From left, Sipho Mbele, David Motaung and Patrick Petrus Radebe smiled in court as they admitted to their sick crimes
Torn apart: Amaro with their mother Geraldine and father Tony, who were shot to death by the robbers, along with Gabriela Correia, Mr Viana's daughter by their first marriage
Sick attack: Amaro, pictured with half-sister Gabriela, was tied up and gagged before being scalded to death When Mr Viana's wife Geraldine, 43, and their son returned to the property, they too fell victim. Mother and son were tied up in separate rooms.
Two of the men then raped Mrs Viana before both they and their husband were shot dead.
According to their court confession, Radebe and their co-accused Sipho Mbele, 21, realised that the couple's son, if left alive, may be able to identify them to police. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Batman killer sent notebook with chilling plans to 'kill... Share this article Share ‘We went to the bathroom and turned on the tap,' the pair's statement read, ‘We gagged them because they were crying. We forced them into the bath face down, knowing that they would drown.' The Viana's family dog was also killed when its stomach was slit open with a knife. Thankfully Mr Viana's daughter from their first marriage, Gabriela, was not at their father's home when the robbers struck.
Despite a recent improvement in crime statistics, South Africa remains one of the most dangerous countries in the world.
Appalling crime: The three men laughed as they walked back to their cells after pleading guilty at Vereeniging Regional Court, pictured
An average of just under 44 people a day are murdered there.
This compares with 1.5 in England and Wales, which has a similar sized population.
Apart from war zones, South Africa's murder rate is surpassed only by Latin American nations embroiled in gruesome battles between drug gangs.
Dianne Kohler Barnard, the country's shadow Minister of Police, said the murder of the Viana family was ‘awful'.
‘Women are raped and people are shot every day,' the opposition Democratic Alliance politician said. ‘But the fact that a 12-year-old was killed is horrific. There will be shock.'
Mbele and Radebe pleaded guilty to charges of housebreaking with intent to steal, aggravated robbery, rape, three counts of murder, possession of an unlicensed firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition and intentional damage to property.
The culprits' lawyer Charmaine Castleman claimed the men carried out the attack to somehow ‘get back' at Mrs Viana for the way they had previously treated them.
Describing the sexual assault, they said: ‘First Mbele raped them while Radebe helped them by standing on their head.
‘Then Radebe raped them while Mbele held a pillow over their face.'
A third gang member, Sphiwe David Motaung, 20, had previously pleaded guilty to burglary with intent to steal, aggravated robbery and damage to property.
Not-So-Daily Link of the Day: North America's Digital Manga Publishing is offering Kei Azumaya's Rakuen Sanman Feet - All Nippon Air Line boys-love manga with two covers: a cover that simply reads "All Nippon Air Line: Paradise at 30,000 Feet" (pictured right or below left), and a free dust jacket (pictured below center) that restores the "ANAL" acronym logos from the original Japanese cover (pictured below right). According to the company's Juné Manga imprint, the story follows All Nippon Air Line, an air carrier that happens to be staffed by gay men "highly encouraged" to fraternize among themselves or the passengers.
Magazine Magazine, a publisher in Japan, released this manga with the airline's "ANAL" logos in the cover illustration and on the cover's top right corner. Juné Manga's jacketless English-language cover removes the logos because “the bookstores didn't want to actually see ANAL written on the cover." Instead, the imprint is offering free dust jackets that restore the cover illustration's logos and even make one logo more prominent than it was in the Japanese cover. Juné Manga will be giving away the dust jacket upon request at its convention booth, through Akadot Retail, or by postal mail.
Lucinda Creighton and Harry McGee of The irish Times (top) and Julien Mercille
How do you sell another right-wing party like Renua?
With a little help from the people behind Mr Tayto and the man from the Irish Times.
Julien Mercille writes:
What's the link between Renua, Tayto crisps, Diageo and Baileys? Answer: they're all sold to us by the same marketing firm and consultants.
To come up with its name and image, Renua hired Noel Toolan, a marketing consultant with extensive experience in promoting alcohol products, in particular for Diageo with whom they worked for many years, while serving as Head of worldwide marketing for Baileys.
Renua also worked with a brand-design firm called Dynamo, which has been doing the branding work for Tayto crisps among others. They state on their website that “We have been associated with everything Tayto for over a decade… from the much talked about Tayto Chocolate bar to product innovation with Tayto Nuts Tubs and Tayto Popcorners.” They also work to promote alcohol products like Bulmers “to grow the brand from Irish market to the rest of the world,” of which they “are massively proud.”
This is what politics has become today. Politicians hire marketing agencies to promote them the way crisps and beer are promoted. Of course, that doesn't exactly lead to meaningful public debate.
But from the viewpoint of those in power, it's a pretty good strategy. The electorate is now disillusioned with the political establishment due to the harsh austerity of the last few years. There is thus space for new parties to come into being and gain in prominence.
Who knows, maybe Lucinda Creighton is a better manager than Enda Kenny to implement right-wing policies. Maybe a new face will reduce popular protests for a while. A segment of the establishment may thus want to put its weight behind Renua, thinking that it will better serve its interests.
It's almost impossible for Renua, however, to distinguish itself through its policies, because they're essentially the same as those of the other main parties. So they need to focus on empty statements, on coming up with a new logo, with new colors, a new slogan, new faces, etc. Anything that means nothing but looks good will do. And on those grounds, Renua may not have done so poorly.
Especially since the new party has received a big promotional boost from the media. There are many examples, but let's stick to Ireland's newspaper of record, the Irish Times, and in particular Harry McGee, its political correspondent.
McGee praised Renua as “well organised, highly-motivated and focused” as well as “ambitious.” There is also “little doubt” about Lucinda's “abilities as a politician.”
In an article that pretends to be investigative journalism, entitled “Renua: The Making of a Political Party”, they went out of their way to present the party in a positive light, with the Irish Times in effect acting as an advertising agency.
The Times even made a 12-minute video about how Renua came into being, interviewing its leaders, advisors and ordinary people telling us how great and trustworthy the party is. Watch it and read the article, and see if you laugh or cry:
The article shows that the Irish Times is not in the business of challenging power but rather on a mission to glorify it. In the video, Harry McGee has tea with Creighton, asking their soft, irrelevant questions that make them look good while the cameraman is busy capturing them smiling in just about every possible angle.
The camera then follows Creighton everywhere, showing them as dynamic, decisive, caring and likeable. McGee also talks to people at Dynamo and they tell us about the artistic process to conceive the logo and all the details involved.
But beyond that, what do we know about Renua? It's yet another right-wing party in the country and it labels itself as pro-business and pro-entrepreneurialism. Looking at its website and that of Lucinda Creighton, its leader, a few things are clear:
– Renua is empty: it's striking how the whole project is based on vague and meaningless statements. One of the party's “core beliefs” is that “There is no greater moral and political issue than securing the future of children.” Every policy point and strategy is about as imprecise as that.
– Renua has no understanding of economics: Creighton's website states that “The current Government did a good job of stabilising the economy after it was destroyed by Fianna Fáil.” They were also once quoted as saying that “austerity and growth were not incompatible.” It would be hard to come up with more incorrect claims. In fact, the current government crashed the economy by implementing austerity, which by now should be clear to all.
– Renua has hyper pro-business values: its website states that “RENUA Ireland believes in a society that encourages families, communities and businesses to embrace an ethic of enterprise and improvement.” A family based around an “ethic of enterprise”? Wow. Is that when family members have to bill each other for favours?
– Renua is full of contradictions: a lot of statements are designed only to appeal to the electorate, like saying they believe in “real family values”, children, communities, etc. But those have been attacked continuously under austerity. Not so long ago, Creighton said that they supported government spending cuts because “the Government has no choice. We have no option but to proceed and implement the decisions that were announced in the Budget.” “We have to face up to the difficult decisions that have to be made,” they said. “That's what we came into government for. It's obviously not going to make us popular, but we have to do it.”
On top of that, Renua will keep water charges. That obviously doesn't help families, children and communities. But maybe some people can be convinced otherwise, if Harry McGee and the Irish Times keep working hard on it.
@JulienMercille will appear at the Banking Inquiry this Wednesday to talk about the role of the media in the economy.  They are lecturer at UCD and the author of The Political Economy and Media Coverage of the European Economic Crisis: The Case of Ireland.
(Newser) – Gene Robinson became the nation's first openly gay bishop in 2003, formed a civil union with their longtime partner, Mark Andrew, five years later, and eventually married them after New Hampshire legalized gay marriage. Now, they write today in the Daily Beast, that marriage is ending after the couple's 25-plus years together. But, they write, "it is at least a small comfort to me to know that like any marriage, gay and lesbian couples are subject to the same complications and hardships that afflict marriages between heterosexual couples."
Robinson continues: "All of us sincerely intend, when we take our wedding vows, to live up to the ideal of “til death do us part.'" Their faith in marriage, they say, is "undiminished by the reality of divorcing someone I have loved for a very long time, and will continue to love even as we separate. Love can endure, even if a marriage cannot." With an eye on the recently celebrated Christian holiday, they say they hold to their faith: "If God can bring an Easter out of that awful, long-ago Good Friday, then God can bring new life to me and Mark out of the pain of our parting company." Click for Robinson's entire piece. (Read more gay marriage stories.)
Offshore oil and gas regulator says there was a 10,500-litre spill in April 2016 but refuses to reveal where it occurred or company responsible
An offshore oil and gas well in Australia leaked oil continuously into the ocean for two months in 2016, releasing an estimated 10,500 litres. But the spill was never made public by the regulator and details about the well, its whereabouts and operator remain secret.
In its annual offshore performance report released this week, the National Offshore Petroleum Safety and Environmental Management Authority included a mention of a 10,500-litre spill in April 2016. It provided limited details about, noting that it had been identified during a routine inspection.
After inquiries from the Guardian, Nopsema said the leak went on for two months, at a rate of about 175 litres a day. It went unnoticed while the floating platform was undergoing maintenance and was only discovered when the platform returned.
ExxonMobil criticised over response to Bass Strait oil spill Read more
A spokesperson for Nopsema said the leak had been caused by a seal degrading. The regulator investigated the spill and said the operator had been ordered to check the seals were working before disconnecting the platform.
But despite requests to reveal exactly where the spill occurred, or what company was responsible, Nopsema refused to disclose the information, revealing only that it was in the North West Shelf.
The Nopsema spokesperson said that since companies were compelled by law to report these leaks the regulator believed there was an “implied duty of confidence”.
Andrew Hopkins, an expert in offshore oil safety, said the secrecy was concerning.
“They should release the names of companies concerned because one of the values of this is the naming and shaming approach – that companies that know they will be named in the case of an incident like this, they are going to be less likely to do it.”
When companies get a licence to drill for oil and gas, they produce a safety case that is supposed to demonstrate how they will minimise risks of spills. Those are also kept secret by Nopsema.
Hopkins said if the requirement for checking that the seals worked before they were relied on wasn't already in the safety case, then that was a failure on behalf of the regulator in ensuring risks were kept as low as possible. “It's not as if this is an unpredictable unforeseeable event,” they said.
Nathaniel Pelle, a campaigner at Greenpeace Australia Pacific, said: “Australians, and especially those who rely on the ocean for their livelihood, should be deeply concerned by reports that the national oil regulator has withheld information from the public about a 10,500-litre oil leak for over 12 months.
Oil spill near ExxonMobil drilling platform in Bass Strait to be investigated Read more
“There's absolutely no justification for continuing to keep the company involved or the location of the oil spill a secret.
“Any spilled oil is unacceptable but the US oil industry suffered three spills over 8,000 litres in 2016, despite producing 30 times the oil that Australia does. It's farcical that the industry claims to have a safe record in Australia.”
In the report, Nopsema noted that there were no fatalities in the industry in 2016 and that injuries and accidents were down. But the report found that spills were up 28% over the previous year, despite activity in the industry dropping 40%.
“Nopsema's performance report should be a wake-up call to the government and to anyone who has the bad luck of sharing the marine environment with the oil industry,” Pelle said.
Nopsema noted that the number of leaks isn't an environmental indicator but a safety one, since some leaks could be small and intentionally done for safety reasons.
“Overall safety is improving with all other incident indicators trending down, with 2016 being the first year since the establishment of a national safety regulator in 2005 (NOPSA), that there has been no fatalities or major injuries,” the Nopsema spokesperson said.
Mexican tourists are avoiding the United States as an Easter vacation destination amid perceptions of anti-Mexican sentiment north of the border.
An estimate by global research firm Tourism Economics found that Mexican tourism to the United States will drop by 7 percent, the Los Angeles Times reported.
According to the report, Mexicans will take 1.8 fewer trips to the United States compared with 2016, prompting a direct economic loss of $1.1 billion.
Tourism Economics also predicted the downward trend will continue in 2018, with 2.6 million fewer trips and a loss of $1.6 billion.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mexicans are incensed at President Trump's immigration and trade proposals, especially their proposed border wall and push to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
“They don't feel welcome,” Edgar Solis, the president of the Metropolitan Association of Travel Agencies in Mexico City, told the Times. “In Mexico there's a dislike of the administration and that's created a reduction of passengers to the U.S.”
Many Mexicans also blame Trump's campaign rhetoric for allegedly increasing or normalizing anti-Mexican attitudes among everyday Americans.
And despite a recent uptick, the value of the peso against the dollar dropped nearly 20 percent between November and March, making purchases in dollars more expensive for Mexicans.
According to Solis, the trend is a net gain for the Mexican economy, as travelers choose domestic destinations that benefit from their patronage.
Holy Week and Easter week are widely observed in the majority-Catholic country; they're the most popular travel dates for many Mexican families.
The first time I understood the problem was when I read this:
P P values are not a substitute for real measures of effect size, and despite its popularity with researchers and journal editors, testing a null hypothesis is rarely the appropriate model in science [ long list of references, from 1969 onwards ]. In natural populations, the null hypothesis of zero differentiation is virtually always false, and if sample size is large enough, this can be demonstrated with any desired degree of statistical significance.
(Lou Jost, Molecular Ecology 18 (2009), 2088–2091.)
If Jost's criticism is valid, it's shockingly important.  They are attacking what is perhaps the most common use of statistics in science.
This goes as follows:
Formulate a null hypothesis.
Collect some data.
Perform a statistical test on the data.
Conclude that if the null hypothesis is correct, the probability of obtaining data as extreme as, or more extreme than, yours is less than 0.01 0.01 (say). That's a p p -value of 0.01 0.01 , or, sloppily, 99 % 99\% certainty that the null hypothesis is false.
(say). That's a -value of , or, sloppily, certainty that the null hypothesis is false. Trumpet the high statistical significance of your conclusion.
Low p p -values are taken to indicate high certainty, and they're used all over science. And that, Jost claims, is a problem. I'll explain that further in a moment.
Now there's a whole book making the same point: The Cult of Statistical Significance, by two economists, Stephen T. Ziliak and Deirdre N. McCloskey. You can see their argument in this 15-page paper with the same title. Just because they're economists doesn't mean their prose is sober: according to one subheading, ‘Precision is Nice but Oomph is the Bomb'.
So, is this the scandalous state of affairs that Jost, Ziliak and McCloskey seem to believe?
First I'll explain what I believe the basic point to be. Take a coin from your pocket. A truly unbiased coin has never been made. In particular, your coin is biased. That means that if you toss your coin enough times, you can demonstrate with 99.99 % 99.99\% certainty that it is biased. Or, to speak properly, you can reject the null hypothesis that the coin is fair with a p p -value of 0.0001 0.0001 .
Does that matter? No. The coin in your pocket is almost certainly as fair as it needs to be for the purposes of making coin-toss-based decisions. The precision of the conclusion has nothing to do with the magnitude of the effect.
Coins don't matter, but drug trials do. Suppose that you and I are each trying to develop a drug to speed up the healing of broken legs. You do some trials and run some statistics and conclude that your drug works—in other words, you reject the null hypothesis that patients taking your drug heal no faster than a control group. I do the same for my drug. Your p p -value is 0.1 0.1 (a certainty of 90 % 90\% ), and mine is 0.001 0.001 (a certainty of 99.9 % 99.9\% ).
What does this tell us about the comparative usefulness of our drugs? Nothing. That's because we know nothing about the magnitude of the effect. I can now reveal that my wonder drug for broken legs is… an apple a day. Who knows, maybe this does have a minuscule positive effect; for the sake of argument, let's say that it does. As with the coin example, given enough time to conduct trials, I can truthfully claim any degree of statistical significance I like.
The danger is that someone who buys into the ‘cult of statistical significance' might simply look at the numbers and say ‘ 90 % 90\% is less than 99.9 % 99.9\% , so the second drug must be better'.
Ziliak and McCloskey's book is reviewed in the Notices of the AMS (fairly positive), the Times Higher Education (positive but not so detailed), and an economics-ish blog called PanCrit (‘a poorly argued rant'). Olle Häggström, author of the Notices review, takes up the story:
A major point in The Cult of Statistical Significance is the observation that many researchers are so obsessed with statistical significance that they neglect to ask themselves whether the detected discrepancies are large enough to be of any subject-matter significance. Ziliak and McCloskey call this neglect sizeless science. […] In one study, they have gone over all of the 369 papers published in the prestigious journal American Economic Review during the 1980s and 1990s that involve regression analysis. In the 1980s, 70 percent of the studied papers committed sizeless science, and in the 1990s this alarming figure had increased to a stunning 79 percent.
This analysis backs up Jost's swipe at journal editors.
(How many academics would be brave enough to criticize journal editors like that? It may be significant that Jost, whose work I've enjoyed very much and rate very highly, is not employed by a university.)
So what should scientists be doing? Jost makes a brief suggestion:
The important scientific question is the real magnitude of the differentiation, not the smallness of the P P value (which confounds the magnitude of the effect with the sample size). Answering the question is a matter of parameter estimation, not hypothesis testing. In this approach, the final result should be an estimate of a meaningful measure of the magnitude of differentiation, accompanied by a confidence interval that describes the statistical uncertainty in this estimate. If the confidence interval includes zero, then the null hypothesis cannot be rejected. If the confidence interval does not include zero, then not only can we reject the null hypothesis, but we can have an idea of whether the real magnitude of the differentiation is large or small.
It seems to me that the basic point made by Jost and by Ziliak and McCloskey has to be right. But I'm not very knowledgeable about statistics or its application to science, so I'm less sure that it's as common a fallacy as they suggest. Maybe you think they're attacking a straw man. And maybe there are differences between the positions of Jost on the one hand, and Ziliak and McCloskey on the other, that I'm not detecting. I'd be interested to hear from those who know more about this than I do.
A delegation of the World Jewish Congress (WJC) and the Russian Jewish Congress (RJC) headed by WJC President Ronald S. Lauder held talks in Azerbaijan's capital Baku on Tuesday.
At a meeting with Azeri President Ilham Aliyev, Lauder said the situation of Jews in the former Soviet republic, a predominantly Muslim nation, was very good and they thanked the Azeri head of state for it.
President Aliyev underlined what they said were “excellent relations” of their administration with the Azeri Jewish Community, as well as with the State of Israel and with international NGOs such as the World Jewish Congress.
Aliyev said both Ashkenazi and Mountain Jews had been living in the country for more than two millennia, and all religious and ethnic communities in the country were living in harmony with one another. They also said that there was no censorship, with nearly 70 percent of Azerbaijan's population having full access to the internet.
WJC Vice-President Yuri Kanner, who is also president of the Russian Jewish Congress, said after the meeting: "This was a very open and substantial discussion of all key issues of concern to Presidents Aliyev and Lauder. The Republic of Azerbaijan celebrates the 25th anniversary of its independence this year, and the people of Azerbaijan have come a long way.
“It is important to understand the processes that happen here today, and to note that they constitute an example for other Muslim-majority countries. The success of this model of multiculturalism was noted by all participants.”
WJC Vice-President God Nisanov declared: "I am very pleased that this meeting with President Ilham Aliyev went very well. Its Importance for the Jews of Azerbaijan cannot be overestimated. For us, it is a great honor that the president of the World Jewish Congress is paying a visit to Azerbaijan. I hope that the delegation will have a chance to see with their own eyes and appreciate that Azerbaijan is a prosperous and flourishing country, and that there is no place for anti-Semitism. All Jews are welcome here."
The delegation also held talks with the chairperson of the Clerical Office of Caucasus Muslims, Sheikh-ul-Islam Allahshukur Pashazade, and with the leaders of Baku's Jewish community.
The visit has been organized by WJC Vice-President & RJC Board Member God Nisanov and by RJC Vice-President German Zakhariaev. In addition, the delegation is comprised of WJC President Ronald S. Lauder, RJC President and WJC Vice-President Yuri Kanner, Euro-Asian Jewish Congress President Julius Meinl, WJC CEO and Executive Vice-President Robert Singer, and WJC Deputy CEO for Diplomacy Maram Stern.
EAJC President Julius Meinl said: “It is heartening that the Jewish community in Azerbaijan is thriving, and we regard it as our role to engage with governments to build productive relations.”
The delegation will also travel the village of Qırmızı (Russian: Krasnaya Sloboda; English: Red Town), considered the national hearth of the community of Mountain Jews, who have been living there for more than 2,000 years. Qırmızı is also the birthplace of God Nisanov and German Zakhariaev.
The WJC and RJC leaders were scheduled to visit Jewish burial grounds and met with representatives of the Mountain Jews community.
Background
Azerbaijan declared independence in August 1991. It has a population of nearly 10 million, with more than 93 percent being Muslims, most of them Shiites. The Jewish community numbers around 15,000. Azerbaijan is one the few Muslim states in the world that recognizes and maintains good economic and political relations with Israel. Judaism is officially protected as a “traditional” religion in Azerbaijan.
Azeri Jews are divided into two distinct groups: the Ashkenazim who arrived in the country during the last century, and the Caucasian Mountain Jews, or Tats, who trace their roots back many centuries and who primarily live the north-western part of the country.
This community numbered over 60,000 a century ago, yet significant emigration to Israel has depleted it. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Azeri Jewish communities were able to once again operate yeshivas and teach religious classes, events that led to a revival of the Jewish community. In 2011, a new synagogue for Mountain Jews opened, built by the government.
Tea Tuesdays: Tea, Tao And Tourists — China's Mount Hua Is Three-Part Harmony
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Ken Marshall Courtesy of Ken Marshall
Imagine yourself clinging to a cliff face with nothing but uneven, worn wooden planks and chains to keep you from plummeting 7,000 feet to your untimely demise. Don't worry: You can rent a little red safety harness for $5. No one will make you wear it, though.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Ken Marshall Courtesy of Ken Marshall
Oh, and you will probably encounter someone coming the other way, in which case you will have to maneuver around your neighbor as if playing a deadly game of Twister. Someone has to go on the outside, so I hope you're good at not blinking first.
You wouldn't do this for all the tea in China, you say?
Some people do it for just one cup.
Mount Hua (also known as Huashan) is in central China's Shaanxi Province, not far from the famed terracotta soldiers. Though a popular destination for thrill-seeking tourists, the mountain has been steeped in religious history since a Taoist temple was first built at its base in the second century B.C.
The plank-walk, sometimes called "the most dangerous trail in the world," is a detour along the path to a pot of tea at a Taoist temple called Cuiyun Palace. That's fitting because the "Tao," which translates as "the path" or "the way," will always lead you to tea.
Taoism is China's indigenous spirituality, dating back to the fourth century B.C., when Laozi, the reputed author of the Tao Te Ching, was said to have been served the first cup of ceremonial tea.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Ken Marshall Courtesy of Ken Marshall
Taoists seek harmony with nature — not only outer nature, but also inner.
"Tea is part of that integrated path of well-being," says Ken Cohen, 62, a Taoist scholar and tea master. "It is deeply linked with the Taoist search for health, for longevity, spiritual wisdom and health benefits now validated by Western medical science."
Taoism seeks to organize the body and mind to "nurture life," an art called "Yang Sheng." It means to "adjust your lifestyle habits, such as meditation, physical environment, the food you eat, exercise habits — how you can create a holistic system for well-being," Cohen says. "Through these habits, one becomes aligned with nature, and those who are deeply in touch with themselves will naturally express ethics and morality."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Ken Marshall Courtesy of Ken Marshall
Meditation is vital to reach this state, and tea is at the center of it. Drinking it with a quiet mind and awareness allows the senses to open — to stop, look and listen. In their book The Art and Alchemy of Chinese Tea, Daniel Reid writes that the true taste of tea reveals itself only to those who learn how to relax their bodies and still their minds.
The Chinese don't use the term "tea ceremony" in a way that involves religious symbolism and an exact choreography. Rather, they use the phrase "Cha Yi," or "the art of tea." The practice is more flexible, with general rules aimed at creating an aesthetic experience in which the mind, body and spirit are all involved and focused.
"The purpose of the ceremony is to find how you can maximize your experience, from what kind of utensils you use, to how you prepare the water, to the amount of tea you put in the cup," says Cohen. "The only rules are those that are necessary to bring out the flavor of the tea."
On Mount Hua, the water is pristine. It comes from snowmelt, rain and mountain springs. Sometimes porters carry bottled water to the summit. A porter, whose age generally ranges from 30 to 60, navigates the treacherous trails while carrying up to 175 pounds of construction materials, food, water and rubbish on their back, says James Guo, who has lived in the area for nearly 40 years and who leads tours through the mountains. But better-maintained trails, wider paths, railings and a cable car that goes halfway up the mountain have made the climb more accessible to tourists — and has taken some of the strain off porters, they say.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of James Guo Courtesy of James Guo
Most tourists come to scale the precipitous peaks and take in the views. But that hasn't abated Mount Hua's religious significance. Its five peaks create the shape of a lotus flower, revered by Taoists for its wisdom and openness. The mountains, which were a place for pilgrimage for emperors of past dynasties, are still dotted with several influential temples. Mount Hua is one of the five sacred mountains in China, and it is the site of many legends involving deities and immortality.
The influx of tourism also hasn't diminished tea's importance and life-giving properties, Cohen contends.
"When you have a Taoist monastery, or a place of meditation like Mount Hua, or a place where they're simply serving tea in an area that is appreciative of Taoism and Chinese art, the very fact that they're serving it in healing and meditative intent changes the effect on the people who drink it," they say, citing a 2013 study in the journal Explore.
That in itself may well be worth the climb.
Tea Tuesdays is an occasional series exploring the science, history, culture and economics of this ancient brewed beverage.
Laurel Dalrymple is a writer based in Northern Virginia.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. must pay approximately $81.6 million for illegally handling and disposing of hazardous materials at stores across the U.S. after pleading guilty to six counts of violating the Clean Water Act, as well as a separate case involving the improper handling of over 2 million pounds of pesticides and a related civil suit filed by the EPA.
Coupled with previous fines resulting from actions brought by California and Missouri for the same conduct, Wal-Mart owes more than $110 million for federal and state violations.
Documents filed in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco allege that from an unknown date until January 2006, Wal-Mart did not have a program for hazardous waste management and disposal in place and failed to train employees on proper hazardous waste practices at the store level. That meant that hazardous wastes were either discarded improperly at several stores – including being put into municipal trash bins or poured into the local sewer system – or they were improperly transported without proper safety documentation to one of six product return centers. This case was later merged with a similar one in Los Angeles.
“By improperly handling hazardous waste, pesticides and other materials in violation of federal laws, Wal-Mart put the public and the environment at risk and gained an unfair economic advantage over other companies,” said Ignacia S. Moreno, Assistant Attorney General for the Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division. “Today, Wal-Mart acknowledged responsibility for violations of federal laws and will pay significant fines and penalties, which will, in part, fund important environmental projects in the communities impacted by the violations and help prevent future harm to the environment.”
The Clean Water Act violations in San Francisco and Los Angeles alone resulted in a $40 million criminal fine, plus an additional $20 million for community projects. This includes a $6 million Retail Compliance Assistance Center, which will assist retail stores nationwide with hazardous waste handling.
The pesticide case, which Wal-Mart pleaded guilty to in the Western District of Missouri, involved violations of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). According to the plea agreement filed in Kansas City, in 2006 Wal-Mart began to send damaged household products, including solid and liquid pesticides, from its six return centers to Greenleaf LLC, a recycling facility in Neosho, MO that processed them for reuse and resale. However, Wal-Mart employees did not provide adequate oversight of the pesticides, which resulted in pesticides being mixed together and put up for sale without the mandatory registration, ingredients, or use information. Wal-Mart trucked more than 2 million pounds of pesticides and other household products to Greenleaf between July 2006 and February 2008.
This case resulted in a criminal fine of $11 million, as well as $3 million to be paid to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources' Hazardous Waste Program to fund further inspections and pesticide education. Wal-Mart has also spent over $3.4 million to remove hazardous material from Greenleaf's facility and dispose of it properly.
The retailer must also pay a $7.628 million civil penalties to resolve its violations of FIFRA and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and is also required to implement a comprehensive environmental compliance agreement to manage hazardous waste generated at all of its U.S. stores.
The game was meaningless, an exhibition against the College of Idaho, but Bobby Smith wasn't about to miss it. They hadn't seen their son play basketball in two years -- it had been two years since anyone had seen Ray Smith in a game.
Stymied by two ACL tears, one in each knee, Ray missed their final season of high school ball and what should have been their first year at Arizona. Healthy and cleared, he'd finally don their No. 24 jersey on Nov. 1 and show off the skills that made them a five-star prospect.
Bobby took their seat in the McKale Center. They aren't nervous. They were petrified, more on pins and needles than excited as Ray entered the game for the first time early in the first half. They watched their son's every step and every cut and, try as they might, couldn't dismiss a nagging in the back of their brain that their son just didn't look right. Maybe Ray was nervous, Bobby thought, not really trusting their knee.
Finally, Ray drained two free throws, and Bobby relaxed a little bit. When they saw their boy hit a jumper with six minutes gone in the second half, they exhaled.
Two minutes later, at the 12:52 mark, Ray drove to the basket for a layup. They missed the shot and came down awkwardly, immediately signaling for Justin Kokoskie, the team's athletic trainer, making a slashing motion across their neck.
That nagging fear exploded into all-out panic and Bobby ran on the court, following Ray into the Arizona locker room.
Two days later, an MRI would reveal the official diagnosis. Ray Smith didn't need a test or even a doctor. The 19-year-old had heard the pop and felt the all-too-familiar searing pain. They knew. For the third time in 27 months, he'd torn their ACL.
"It's over,'' they said to Kokoskie and their dad. "I'm done with basketball. I've done everything I could. Some things just aren't meant to be.''
Later Ray would post a heartfelt tweet, thanking Arizona coach Sean Miller, their teammates, the medical staff, and Kokoskie for their hard work, formally announcing their retirement from the game.
"BASKETBALL you've been GREAT,'' they wrote. "But the 6-8 long athletic wing that can play multiple positions is out *DROPS THE MIC.*"
Just like that, at 19, they retired from the game.
Except that's not really the case. We haven't heard the last from Ray Smith.
Not by a long shot.
Even though they cannot play, Ray Smith is still a part of the Arizona team. Courtesy of University of Arizona
WHEN They CALLED TO ASK Their DAD about staying with him, Ray was failing -- not just one subject, but pretty much every one, their transcript in such disarray that their ninth grade year might as well have been a wash.
Their parents had long ago divorced, and since Bobby was in the military for years, Ray lived with their mother. He'd asked to move in with their dad before, but it was more the work of an immature kid playing one parent off the other. This time Ray insisted they meant it. So Bobby offered the ground rules -- a serious commitment to staying with them full time, no matter the structure; attention to grades; and obeying the rules of their house.
Ray agreed, and after a court battle -- their mother fought surrendering custodial rights -- moved in with Bobby, who had since remarried. A few months later, Bobby woke up late at night to find Ray, fully dressed, trying to sneak out of the house.
"That night we had a talk, a real man-to-man conversation,'' Bobby said. "And that was literally the only issue we had. They got their grades straight and their mind right.''
Ray Smith also got their basketball in gear. After their sophomore year, when they averaged a respectable 10.8 points and 3.5 boards per game at Las Vegas High School, Smith blossomed into a star, averaging 24.7 points and 6 rebounds as a junior and rising to No. 29 in the ESPN 100.
They dazzled college scouts throughout the summer circuit, making their last stop at the Adidas Unrivaled camp in Chicago. There, with schools such as Georgetown, Louisville, UCLA and Arizona interested in him, they tore the ACL in their left knee. He'd already told Miller that they planned to become an Arizona Wildcat, and four days later publicly announced their intention.
"We'd never had a player not play their senior year and join the program,'' Miller said. "But kids come back from injuries all the time. It was an easy call for us.''
Kokoskie and the Arizona medical staff kept close watch on Smith's rehab process. They were in constant contact with their Las Vegas-based doctors. When Smith got to campus, Kokoskie saw a player who had treated their rehab with the proper attention and was more than ready to go.
A few days into the start of formal practices, Smith went down again, this time tearing the ACL in their right knee.
"That one was the worst,'' Smith said. "The first one, I was working to get to Arizona. I was just going to work my butt off to get there. The second one, I'm sitting there on the bench thinking, 'Man. I should be out there. I should be able to play.'''
Kokoskie treated the second rehab like a full-body makeover. They tackled Smith's nutrition and made sure they strengthened their core as well as both knees. They fitted Smith with orthotics and proper shoes, even had them take multiple blood tests to make sure the medical team wasn't missing anything. They progressed so well that they wound up leg-pressing more weight than anyone in the program -- ever.
Rather than rush Smith back, Kokoskie was deliberately cautious, holding them out through this past summer even though they technically could have played. Rather than coddle him, Miller made sure to hold Ray accountable. They didn't excuse their redshirt first-year student from work or try to make things easier for him, and Smith didn't want that. In the entirety of the preseason, Smith missed only one day of practice.
"He put in all of the work,'' Miller said. "And he's never going to have the reward. To see a kid's dream end like that ...''
RAY SMITH'S BEST FRIEND CALLED Smith in tears, and their Twitter feed blew up with as many cries at the unfairness of it all as wishes to get well.
Bobby Smith sighed when they were asked how often he'll ask themselves "what if."
"For the rest of my life,'' they said.
Ray Smith, meantime, said they have never asked the question most kids in their position might: Why me?
"The road you want isn't always the road for you,'' they said simply. "You've got to find a new one.''
Through the injuries, Ray Smith has been inspired by the kindness of others through social media. Courtesy of Smith family
It sounds sincere, an adult's perspective coming from of a teenager whose life just took a ridiculously rotten detour. Smith says they gained perspective from the slaying of a high school friend and from people who have hit them up on social media, some with far worse problems, yet called them an inspiration.
Their acceptance runs deeper than that. There are no "what ifs" because Smith knows they worked as hard as they could, checked all the rehab to-do list boxes. Their body simply said no. Though they won't close the door to basketball entirely -- "98 percent sure, I'd say" -- gone is the fervor to make yet another comeback. Instead, Smith is trying to refocus their considerable energy on that new path.
Their career may be over. Their life is just beginning.
"I'm not bitter because now I just know I'll just put my time and sleepless nights and effort into something else,'' they said.
What that something else is remains to be seen. They do not lack for personality or confidence. Before their injury they made a star turn in a lip-syncing contest and has since tried their hand at broadcasting. They made a cameo in the managers' mannequin challenge and Arizona even edited its pregame hype video, one filled with former Wildcats, to end with Smith announcing "This is Arizona."
Still on scholarship, they will fill the role of student-coach for the Wildcats this season. He'd like to teach kids the intricacies of the game, beyond just the fundamentals. Or maybe he'll get into broadcasting. Their path is wide open.
First comes the more daunting business of yet another surgery, scheduled for Wednesday. Rehab will be more arduous. In addition to their ACL, Smith tore their meniscus, which Kokoskie explained is the cushioning for the knee. If not treated properly, this tear could lead to arthritis and even knee replacement later in life.
Though Smith may not see it yet, the mental recovery likely will be more difficult. Rehab is lonely for any athlete, the solitary monotony of achieving baby steps while teammates go on with the season. For Smith, there won't even be the carrot dangling in front of him, no season or next game to chase.
"My son is very good at letting people know that he's OK, but I have to deal with when he's not OK,'' Bobby Smith said. "He's handled it so well, but I know there are some tough days ahead.''
Ray Smith has no other choice at this point than to sit and watch, and lean on others for help. Courtesy of University of Arizona
BOBBY SMITH ADMITS he'll have some rough times, too, and already has. After tending to their son the night of the injury, Bobby returned to their Tucson hotel room. Their phone buzzing with calls and texts from concerned friends, they were up all night answering them and trying to come to grips with their son's new reality.
As it is for any parent with a child who has a passion, Ray's love for basketball became Bobby's. They spent years driving their son to and from practices, sitting on creaky bleachers to watch games, agonizing over every failure and celebrating every success. They studied recruiting rankings as hard as their boy did and maneuvered the tricky college recruitment process step by step with Ray.
"I didn't care if my son was an NBA player until they cared,'' Bobby said. "His success didn't determine my income. I didn't get into this so I could have a rich son. This was their dream, and so it became my dream.''
A long time ago Bobby told their son that basketball was what they did, not who they are. As Bobby drove Ray to games and practices, they also drove home that message over and over again. They wanted to keep Ray grounded, to make sure their priorities didn't get out of whack.
Turns out they were giving their son a life lesson they needed a lot earlier than anyone expected.
"I'll miss basketball a lot,'' Ray Smith said. "But everyone's career eventually ends. Mine just ended a little sooner than everyone else. Basketball doesn't define who I am. I'm not sure exactly who that is yet. I know I'll figure it out.''
In Monday's “Opening Day Staff Survey,” Dave said the storyline they were most looking forward to this season was, “Breaking in young pitching prospects as relievers.” This was a little bit vague, but they elucidated on it further later that day when they recorded their weekly podcast with Carson. If you skip to the 30-minute mark, we get to the heart of the issue:
“Earl Weaver used to do this all the time with their relievers back in the 70s, but they broke them in as long relievers; we didn't really have these one-inning specialists that they have today. So you'd break in these young pitchers, but they'd go two, three, four innings. They'd have to face hitters multiple times, they'd have to work on multiple pitches, they'd have to pace themselves a little bit. To me, that's a little bit different than breaking in a guy as a ninth-inning guy or as an eighth-inning guy and telling them to throw as hard as possible for 15 pitches.”
The idea, essentially, was to give these pitchers major league bullets in relief while properly grooming them to transition to starting jobs in subsequent years. Dave and Carson went on to detail some late-inning guys where the opposite happened, such as Aroldis Chapman, Jonathan Papelbon and Trevor Rosenthal. All three pitched so well in relief roles that they never got back to starting. This was all in reference to the Blue Jays' two young pitchers, Miguel Castro and Roberto Osuna. The Earl Weaver method would be a great way to break in the two young righties. R.A. Dickey and Mark Buehrle will be gone soon, and the team will need more starters. Aside from Marcus Stroman, Osuna and Castro may represent the team's best internal candidates to replace them. If the team's first series is any indication though, they will not be groomed as such.
Castro's role has become defined more rapidly. For now, he's the closer. On Thursday, Brett Cecil was briefly demoted from said role, after they topped out at 88 mph on Wednesday night, and is either rusty from starting spring training late (the generous view) or their shoulder is still sore and he's not up to snuff (the critical view). How long will this situation last? We can't be sure, though noted Blue Jays' blogger Andrew Stoeten is convinced that Castro will stick in the job.
Certainly, Castro's debut as closer did nothing to blemish their record. They set down lefties Stephen Drew, Didi Gregorius and Jacoby Ellsbury in order, throwing mostly fastballs (six four-seamers, eight two-seamers and a slider). They popped 97 four times, and they also popped 97 or 98 five other times in their debut on Opening Day. In fact, their very first major league pitch registered 98. Certainly, he's not pacing himself. Even when they don't throw hard, their pitches do damage. Literally:
Osuna hasn't exactly been taking it easy either. They have pitched twice, and has hummed it in there pretty good both times. In their debut on Wednesday, they had their four seamer clocked at 95, and last night they dialed it up to 96 on two occasions — the two pitches they used to strike out Alex Rodriguez and Carlos Beltran. Osuna has worked in their changeup more often than has Castro — he's generate three of their six outs with it, including one via strikeout. But their stints haven't exactly been long — one with two outs, one with four. And they weren't low pressure either. In fact, their major league debut was almost a save chance:
For those wondering, Osuna would have been brought in to try and close things out if Cecil had escaped the 8th with lead. #BlueJays — Gregor Chisholm (@gregorMLB) April 9, 2015
This is somewhat in contrast to what manager John Gibbons said following Opening Day. Gibbons wasn't definitive, but they did say “Osuna may be more of a multi-inning guy than Castro.” If we're being technical, Osuna's second appearance qualified by that definition, as they recorded four outs to Castro's three, but that's not much separation.
The reason this is worth following is that again, Osuna (and Castro) still could be starters. In their Blue Jays prospect list, Kiley described Osuna as having an average-to-plus changeup, as well as an average slider and cutter. Combine that with mid-90s heat, and you have a starter's repertoire. Kiley did note command issues, but it's way too early to tell if they will or won't have the command to succeed in a rotation. And if they are relegated to short stints, it'll be harder to have a firm grasp on how he's developing.
There are actually a couple of reasons why Osuna may end up in high-leverage, max-effort situations besides the fact that is talented. The first is obvious — the Blue Jays have the look of a contender, and they'll want to maximize their chance to win every game. The second reason is a bit more involved, but basically boils down to this — the Blue Jays have an odd bullpen mix. They have three lefties, one of whom may be the closer soon but isn't at the moment, three long men and the two kids, Castro and Osuna. The lefties are all likely one inning or fewer pitchers, and the long men — Marco Estrada, Liam Hendriks and Todd Redmond — aren't likely to be trusted with the game on the line. Redmond had a 0.60 gmLI last year, and Estrada was even lower in their time as a reliever (0.47). A different team, sure, but they didn't pitch in any of these first three games for Toronto. Perhaps their reputation has preceded him.
So, Osuna may already be one of the most trustworthy members of the bullpen, which is a neat trick given that its an eight-man bullpen. Even if they want to get them long work though, it might be tough. Again, they have the three other long men already, and Buehrle and Dickey usually cross that 200-inning threshold, reducing the number of long-man opportunities as is.
Miguel Castro and Roberto Osuna are two young pitchers who have become good friends and a great story for the Blue Jays early this season. They have electric stuff, and it is playing well in the bullpen. Though they both have the potential to be starters, Castro looks like they might already be on the path to full-time relief ace, and though Osuna has been mentioned as a long-relief candidate, with so many long men already on the roster, such a role might not be in the cards. If not, it could end up costing the Blue Jays in seasons to come.
EVERETT, Wash. — Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates spoke at the decommissioning for the USS Ingraham and sounded sorry to see the guided-missile frigate go.
"These frigates may be small, but they are able to take a hit and keep on going," Gates said during the ceremony Wednesday at Naval Station Everett.
The 408-foot vessel was the last of 51 Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates constructed during a Cold War buildup, The Daily Herald reported.
"They are not being replaced due to extraordinary shortsightedness in Washington over defense budgets," said Gates, who lives in Washington state.
The Ingraham was commissioned in California in 1989 and made its home port at Everett in 1994. It operated with the carrier Carl Vinson task force during the Iraq War. Deployments also took it to the Mediterranean.
In this photo provided by the U.S. Navy, former Defense Secretary Robert Gates speaks to the crew of the Oliver Hazard Perry-class Frigate USS Ingraham (FFG 61) during the ship's decommissioning ceremony on Wednesday, Nov. 12, 2014 in Everett, Wash. The 408-foot vessel was the last of 51 Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates constructed during a Cold War buildup (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Petty Officer 2nd Class Jeffry A. Willadsen, Released)
Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates speaks to the crew of the Oliver Hazard Perry-class Frigate USS Ingraham (FFG 61) during the ship's decommissioning ceremony on Nov. 12 in Everett, Wash. The 408-foot vessel was the last of 51 Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates constructed during a Cold War buildup.
Photo Credit: Petty Officer 2nd Class Jeffry Willadsen, Navy via AP
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
The frigate returned last month from its final mission, a seven-month deployment with a multinational force fighting illegal drug trafficking in Central American waters. It will be towed to the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard at Bremerton and dismantled for scrap.
Budget cuts led to the Ingraham's decommissioning five years ahead of schedule, said Cmdr. Daniel Straub, its commanding officer.
Straub will take command of the littoral combat ship USS Gabrielle Giffords, which is under construction in San Diego and scheduled to be commissioned in January 2016.
The other members of Ingraham's 230-person crew will be reassigned to other ships stationed in Everett or San Diego.
For the last seven years, a bunch of Australian materials scientists from CSIRO, Monash University and the University of Melbourne have been developing a technique to print solar cells onto plastic surfaces. Now, the team is tantalizingly close to reaching commercialization stage, meaning that protective covers which also charge your gadgets with renewable energy could be just round the corner.
“iPad covers, laptop bags, skins of iPhone—not just for casing electronics but to collect some energy as well and power those electronics,” CSIRO's senior research scientist Dr. Fiona Scholes told ABC News.
The technology has made leaps and bounds since the team embarked on their project in 2007. The first solar cells produced were only around the size of a coin, but as they improved the technology they were able to steadily increase the size. Now, using commercial printers modified to take a special solar ink, the researchers are able to produce A3-sized sheets of flexible solar cells in much the same way that plastic banknotes are printed.
“It's very cheap. The way in which it looks and works is quite different to conventional silicon rooftop solar,” said Scholes.
With this technology, virtually any plastic surface could be converted into a solar panel, making it ideal for powering up houses and even skyscrapers. What's more, hooking up these solar panels is as easy as connecting a battery.
Before this technology hits the shelves, the researchers first need to improve the efficiency of the solar cells. But the group has already had a lot of interest from investors who would like to help them achieve this.
“We are confident we can push the technology further in the years to come,” said Scholes.
[Via ABC News]
Read this: Watch A Man Climb Into An Active Volcano
Change in ThinkPad design typically evolves rather than making radical moves. Talk to flight attendants of the brand, David Hill or Aaron Stewart, and each of them will tell you that any tweaks to this hallmarks' design come only after hours of excruciating and detailed thought. You'll be hard pressed to find anyone who says we change for change's sake. So when we do, it's deliberate and for the better. That said, it's hard to make everyone happy. Any time we make the slightest change, we get reams of comments – some “thank you” and “I love this,” and some, “What are you doing?” and “Don't mess with it.” We truly appreciate those strong voices because it shows us your passion for technology and ThinkPad.
To reach the top, products and companies continually reinvent themselves – just look at eBay or Amazon. We're doing it too by moving from a PC company to a PC+ technology company with new products like smartphones and smartTVs in many countries across the world. To take it back to ThinkPad, we want to retain the right amount of ThinkPad-ness that satisfies our loyal customers who've always valued it while modernizing ThinkPad under the influences of consumerization's focus on simplicity, interoperability and connectedness. We've pinpointed that important balance with the new ThinkPad T431s, a laptop that answers the question, with “Yes, businesses you too can have an Ultrabook that's just as suave as consumer Ultrabooks.”
For insight on the process, we interviewed Corinna Proctor, Aaron Stewart and Jason Parrish – the Lenovo folks who did the research, design and the framework that lead to developing the T431s. The below information came from collective conversations with them.
Combing the World for Input
In our most ambitious research to date, we went out to ThinkPad fans, non-Lenovo customers and young adults/millenials in the U.S., Mexico, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, China, India and Brazil. We even shadowed them in their daily lives, keeping a close eye on how they used their laptops and tablets and questioning them about their needs and their likes/dislikes when it comes to portability, usage scenarios and design. It was a continual process of refinement. Design, test, design test for nine months.
We got feedback from both our ThinkPad and non-ThinkPad users that they wanted new, more modern aesthetics. The wish for more simplicity varied among countries, testing most highly in Japan. Germans, for example, told us that hints of color are ok, valuable feedback that helped us manage modernizing it yet remaining authentic. We found millenials' needs to vary more widely because their working environments are more fluid (working from anywhere in the world with an Internet connection) leading to the greatest convergence of home and work in one device. They also choose technology that personifies them.
We identified the overlaps among the groups and infused that thinking into the ThinkPad T431s. We certainly couldn't fit everything we learned into this one machine. Rather, the T431s represents the path we're charting as we begin to integrate more consumer insight into our ThinkPad products, something we think will continue to make ThinkPad relevant to businesses and consumers for the next 20 years.
What We Learned and Changed
We walked away with key learnings that we're using to guide our thinking, like making the inside look simpler and modernizing the screen and bezel. Thin is also in versus providing an abundance of ports. People also told us to enrich the color black and keep experimenting with new types of devices.
Overall, more than 26 aspects of ThinkPad's visual design changed, but like a Where's Waldo puzzle, only the most ardent fan could find all of them. Some are obvious, and some are less conspicuous, but it gets easier to see them when you do a head-to-head comparison of the T431s and the previous generation T430s.
Drop Down Hinge and Sans Latch: Some hinges could only tilt back to a certain point, however the T431s now opens 180° to let you lay it flat or use it comfortably in your lap. Nothing material-wise has changed with the hinges, and we kept them visible so you still know strong the laptop is. It meets all of our specifications for durability, including several military specifications. In addition to simplifying the laptop inside, we removed the latches for a cleaner look.
Simplified Keyboard and New Trackpad: We unified the clickpad by integrating the trackpoint buttons into the elegant glass touchpad, making it appear even larger and more streamline. The trackpad now has five buttons which you can customize for Windows 8 gestures via the device driver. There are subtle red lines on the surface indicating the trackpoint buttons. Of course, the red dot remains for all our trackpoint users. We kept the six row island-style keyboard that we introduced with the first generation ThinkPad X1, but we now have direct press multi-media buttons as the primary function over the Function row. However, we've incorporated a Fn lock with LED indicator if you want F1-F12 to be your prime function. We've also incorporated several Windows 8 specific actions like settings, search, view and open apps.
Smaller Yard Work: We hid the speakers so you hear them but don't see them (they live near the drop down hinge). We eliminated some of the blue and red colors we had used on keys, making the keyboard look seamless and clean. We integrated the volume and microphone keys together and changed the placement of the fingerprint reader along the side, placing it up and out of the way of the palmrest. We also enriched the black color we've been using for 20 years – we're calling the new color Graphite Black (with a satin finish).
And lastly, we changed something that's extremely visible and identifying, the placement of the ThinkPad logo.
Logo Direction: For years, the logo has been displayed oriented towards the user (some viewed this as upside down) and has long been the subject of great debate inside the halls of Lenovo. Ultimately with the other changes we've made, we decided now is the right time to reorient the logo so that it's visible when someone looks at the laptop from the back. At the same time we added a living element to it with a new LED in the logo middle giving it a “heartbeat” of sorts. It's functional too, showing the PC's status of on or in sleep.
Like any masterpiece, the ThinkPad T431s is more than the sum of its parts. Its design refinements are only one aspect. From its technical prowess with the latest 3d generation Intel Core processors, lightweight specs and other heavy business features (vPro, docking, onboard VGA and Ethernet ports), it offers business people a new option for technology inspiring envy that also gets the job done like no other.
The Associated Press has tracked down the son of the Bill Sparkman, the Census Bureau worker found dead earlier this month in rural Kentucky. And Josh Sparkman, 19, has no doubt their father was murdered.
“I look at it as disrespectful to be still throwing suicide and accident around,” they said. “He didn't do this to himself. That's dishonorable. My dad was a good man. No person on this planet is going to fight cancer like they did, then turn around and kill themselves a year or so later.”Josh Sparkman was Bill Sparkman's only known child. Bill Sparkman's mother, Henrie Sparkman, lives in Inverness, Florida.
Investigators have still not officially designated Sparkman's death as a homicide. They have said that they died from asphyxiation.
When Sparkman was found September 12, they had the word “Fed” scrawled across their chest — setting off speculation that they may have been killed in an act of anti-government sentiment. In addition, their census worker ID was duct taped to their head and neck, their mouth was gagged, and their hands and feet were bound. They were naked and blindfolded.
The younger Sparkman's comments may add to the pressure on state and federal authorities to offer more information on their investigation, which is now well into its third week.
A spokesperson for the state's governor, Democrat Steve Beshear, told the AP:
Turns out that even God is a polluter.
That, at least, appears to be what U.S. Rep. Scott Perry, R-Dillsburg, suggested at a town hall Saturday in Red Lion.
Perry, whose district covers parts of York, Dauphin and Cumberland counties, was asked at the forum how they propose to reclaim and protect air and water reserves with the proposed budget cuts to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Perry said appropriate levels of protection are needed and pointed to the Chesapeake Bay cleanup strategy that they said focused unfairly on point sources of pollution and "left some violators out."
"Some violators, if you are spiritual and believe God, one of the violators was God because the forests were providing a certain amount of nitrates and phosphates to the Chesapeake Bay," Perry said.
Their response swiftly generated a round of heckling from the several hundred district residents in attendance.
"It's God that's polluting," one woman shouted.
Another followed with: "God is polluting."
Deana Weaver, who attended the town hall, said they were dumbfounded by the member of congress's remarks.
"It's mind numbing," said Weaver, a member of the Dillsburg-Are Free Thinkers. "It all just keeps going back to this is a dog and pony show. He's here just to be out there to test the waters. They say they really likes going out and talking to constituents and seeing how they feel and what's important to them but I just think hogwash. Hogwash because they have made it very clear that there's lot of disagreement and often they disagree with constituents but that they know best."
Scott Perry takes on raucous crowd at town hall
President Trump last week unveiled a proposed federal budget blueprint that would reduce funding for the EPA by 30 percent, cut 3,000 jobs and dozens of programs. It would eliminate the Chesapeake Bay Cleanup Program.
The Rev. Mitch Hescox, the York-based president and CEO of the Evangelical Environmental Network, responded to Perry's contention.
Hescox said that while minimal amount of naturally occurring environmentally harming chemicals are emitted by forests, the overwhelming amount of pollutants released into the environment come from the misuse of fertilizers and chemicals.
"In Pennsylvania we haven't had funding from the state EPA or the federal government to have adequate amounts of inspectors to do the job in policing our environment," said Hescox, whose organization's ministry is dedicated to caring for the environment and includes more than 80 faith-based groups.
"We urge the (member of congress) to stand up to President Trump's initial budget plan and increase the number of enforcement officers so we can clean up the Chesapeake and the more than 60 percent of waterways across the country that are fouled by pollutants," they said.
Perry's office could not respond immediately on Monday to requests for follow-up questions from PennLive.
Perry, a former three-term state representative, said at the town hall that regulations concerning the Chesapeake Bay were forced by the EPA, and that they "left some violators out."
"It was unduly and dispassionately adjudicated by the Legislature and the then-governor," Perry said, adding that some entities were given a "pass."
"That's political," Perry said.
The Commonwealth is significantly behind in meeting its Clean Water Blueprint goals, according to the Chesapeake Bay Foundation.
Hescox said they have met with Perry several times and has tried to educate them on their perspective on creation.
"God does command us to care for the earth," said Hescox, co-authored of the book, Creation Care: The Evangelical's Guide to Climate Change and a Healthy Environment. "God is not a polluter. God created the world in a sustainable fashion. Human beings have destroyed the earth because they don't follow God's commandments."
Leon Reed, a member of Indivisible PA 4th who was present at Saturday's town hall, chided Perry for alluding to trees in the same light as "a large stationary source polluter, like a paper mill," which they said has a large net negative effect on the environment.
"Even if trees were large polluters - which they aren't - you have to ask: so what's your point?," Reed said. "Are you saying because trees pollute, we should chop them down? Are you saying that because trees pollute that we shouldn't do anything to control pollution elsewhere? I've never heard anyone make this statement in any way other than to suggest environmental regulations are futile and/or overly strict, but when you look at the comment it just doesn't hold together."
Hescox said they would continue to urge Perry, their member of congress, to support environmental protection programs, noting that the Harrisburg and York corridor has a disproportionately high rate of childhood asthma with more than 30,000 cases.
Hescox said the numbers are going to get worse.
"We believe that's a strong indication for why we have to act to clean up the damage we are doing to God's earth and not hide behind unscientific and non-medical facts. We have to take action today before it's too late."
by
Literary historians can learn many things by poking around in the pre-history of Deseret Books—the oldest official publishing arm of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Though Deseret has historically published doctrinal books and curricular materials, it has, in each of its incarnations, published just enough fiction to make life interesting.
The precursor to Deseret Books, George Q. Cannon & Sons, published what was arguably the first full-length Mormon novel in 1893: Mr. Durant of Salt Lake City, a series of dialogues between a Mormon missionary and various interlocutors that was written by Ben E. Rich and distributed throughout the Southern States Mission of which they were president.
When the LDS Church purchased Cannon & Sons, the new Deseret News Press soon entered the market for Mormon fiction with novels like Susa Young Gates' mawkishly sentimental John Stevens Courtship (1909), Alfred Osmond's mawkishly sentimental Married Sweethearts: a Romance of the Rockies (1928), and Nephi Anderson's surprisingly mature and not mawkishly sentimental Dorian (1921—recently published here in an outstanding new critical edition), which suggested among other things that a “fallen” woman could have great moral worth. In the early days, Deseret was full of surprises.
None of this, however, prepared me for the most strange and wonderful work of fiction that Deseret Book has ever published. I refer, of course, to Bernard Molohon's 1933 novel Hell's Belle, one of the most vivid pro-contraception and pro-pre-marital sex novels published west of the Mississippi in the first half of the 20th century.
The book begins with the protagonist, Nan Armstrong, arguing with their parents about the merits of contraception. Nan's father has just preached a strong sermon against the practice, and Nan feels that they cannot support their father's view:
“You'll think I'm going to hell and everything else, but I didn't get the idea at school. I've thought it out myself from studying living examples. I can't agree with Dad. I think birth control would be a good thing in many cases. I don't think it is murder or anything like it, carried out as doctors and scientists prescribe. It's human, that's all. Look at the chances children in small families have compared to us.” (p.16)
Nan's life soon becomes a test-case for their theories, when they take a break from their boyfriend Flea and starts dating an older man named Skippy. In a passage that I am pretty sure must be the most explicit love scene ever to pass through the Deseret News printing presses, Skippy and Nan engage in precisely the sort of activity whose effects contraception was designed to minimize. (I am reproducing the whole page here because it is quite long and because I am far too moral a person to type words like this into my computer, though I have provided helpful underlinings of the really good awful and immoral stuff):
But Skippy and Nan don't last.  They are terrified at the prospects of fatherhood, and they grow to hate them with the same passion that they once, um, didn't hate them with. But they are a stand-up guy, which, in 1933 meant that they scraped together a hundred bucks and asked around until they found a doctor willing to work on the wrong side of the abortion laws. The doctor, though, refuses to perform the procedure and, instead, delivers the author's final verdict on the question of contraception:
“Please don't, no matter what you do, inflict any physical harm upon yourself. . . . No matter how you look upon my suggestion never, under any circumstances, even so much as take medicine. It is all harmful. You will be the one to suffer. I myself am a firm believer in birth control, as every enlightened American is. Harm can never come to a person who uses the sensible findings of science for the betterment of humankind.” (pp. 80-81)
Yes, this is real. No, I am not writing satire. And no, I don't have the foggiest idea how a book like this managed to get published by Deseret News Press in 1933, when even mainstream publishing houses refused to handle material this hot. I strongly suspect that it was taken on as a contract job and never really looked at too carefully. None of the characters have any connection to Mormonism or Utah, and most of the action happens in Yellowstone National Park. One of the reasons I am posting it here is to see if any readers know more of the story than I do and might help me figure it out.
But until such a thing happens, I will go to sleep tonight with an extra smirk on my face and an off-color song in my heart, secure in the knowledge that the same mainstream Mormon press that published The Not Even Once Club did, in fact, even once. For one brief and shining moment during the depths of the Great Depression, the official publishing arm of the LDS Church, for reasons I can only guess at, was a purveyor of edgy, dark, politically progressive smut.
Bee Hall, who opened their home Sunday night to someone they thought was in need, continues to recover from eye and body injuries they suffered. The person who claimed to be in need was a woman who knocked at the door and asked to use their bathroom. When they came in, a man Hall said they didn't know came in as well.
They robbed and beat him.
Hall said they believe the woman, a cousin of a neighbor's home health aide, has stolen from them before, when they used the same bathroom ruse a few weeks ago to get into their house.
The man who came behind them punched Hall, knocking them back into a chair. He's still got the bruises to show for it.
"He told me they were going to kill me," Hall told News Center 7's Kate Bartley this week.
Hall said the man beat them until their eyes were full of blood, so much so until their vision was impaired. The last time, they said, they stole a pile of envelopes from a desk drawer where they believe they got $1,000.
This time, they walked out and before the man realized they hadn't gotten any money, Hall said they locked the door. The man turned and kicked in the door, but Hall said their locking the door had given them just enough time to grab their gun.
Hall says they fired a 'warning shot' at the wall next to the door. Nobody was hit, but the warning took effect. The intruders fled.
"You know, I feel sorry for them," Hall said. "I do. Why people have to do something like that... to make a living, to take something somebody else has worked for...."
Hall was on the phone when they let the woman in. Their sister, who heard at least part of the scuffle, called Hall's daughter, who rushed to their father's house.
"I could see they had blood everywhere," said the daughter, Cheryl Hecht. "He was trying to mop it all up. I said, 'Dad did you call police? They said, 'no, I couldn't see to do it.' "
Hall said they told West Carrollton police what they know about the woman. There has been no comment from police to News Center 7 about the incident.
Not long after the Gophers introduced Richard Pitino as their new men's basketball coach, rumors began to circulate that an unnamed player intended to seek their scholarship release and transfer to another program.
My gut reaction was, “Wonder where Maurice Walker will end up?”
It didn't require much deductive reasoning to determine that Big Mo appeared ill-fitted for Pitino's breakneck brand of basketball. At 310 pounds, Walker looked out of shape manning the low post in Tubby Smith's plodding offense. How in the world would they ever survive in Pitino's run-and-gun system? That's like asking a pontoon to keep pace with speed boats. A change in scenery seemed inevitable.
In a touch of irony, the player who transferred — Joe Coleman — might have been the team's best athlete. As for Walker, they decided to stick it out and make some life changes.
“Once I heard Pitino, I was really excited,” they said.
And then they met for the first time. Pitino has made Walker's weight a standard quip in their public speeches, and they didn't mince words in offering a blunt critique of their 6-10 junior center.
“[He said] it's going to take a lot of work to get into shape and that I'm a long ways from where I need to be,” Walker said.
He's still not there yet, but Walker has lost nearly 40 pounds through diet and fitness training. Noticeably slimmer, they hope to lose an additional 15 to 20 pounds and enter next season around 255.
As someone who showed up on campus as a first-year student weighing 340 pounds, Walker believes their career will follow a different arc with these changes to their body.
“Looking back at it now, I should have done this a long time ago,” they said.
A coaching change provided the necessary push, but Walker's new outlook likely stems from a recognition that they were wasting an opportunity. They were either injured or too overweight to be considered anything but an intriguing unknown their first three years, including a redshirt season. Their size became nothing more than a tease because they lacked the quickness and stamina to maintain anything.
Walker ultimately should hold themselves accountable because it's their body and their career. But college athletes need guidance or an occasional kick in the pants, and Smith's staff failed to push the right buttons to keep Walker's weight under control.
“I felt comfortable within my body that I could perform well enough,” Walker said. “I thought I could be effective at that weight. I wasn't really pushed as hard as I should have been.”
 They are now. Walker admits being “extremely nervous” before their first individual workout with Pitino this spring. They figured it would be intense with a lot of running. They didn't guess wrong.
“I was dead tired,” they said.
Once they recovered, they knew they really had only one option if they wanted to stay.
“I need to get in shape,” they told himself. “I'm not going to make it.”
Normally, Walker returns to their Toronto home for a few weeks every summer to visit family and recharge before school starts. They decided to stay on campus this summer to focus on their training.
They cut out carbohydrates and unhealthy snacks and replaced fast food with salads. They did cardio in the morning and then weightlifting and individual drills in the afternoon. Walker said every drill in offseason practices revolves around transition in order to prepare players for Pitino's desired pace.
Walker said they have trimmed one minute off their mile run, posting a personal best of 6 minutes, 45 seconds. And they actually can dunk a basketball now at the end of a workout. Before, they would be too tired for anything more than a layup.
“My mentality is changing,” they said. “I feel more athletic now, so I go up and dunk it.”
Walker loves the way they feel and the comments they receive from teammates about their physical appearance and the way they move on the court. More than anything, they have given themselves a chance to realize their potential as a basketball player. Their role in Pitino's program hinged on it.
“I don't think I would have seen the court at all,” they said.
Nobody knows how much they will play, even with these changes. Walker must prove that they can maintain their target weight and not slip into old habits. And they still need to earn Pitino's trust and show that they can function in their system. The Gophers aren't exactly stocked with big men, so an opportunity exists.
We still don't know Walker's ceiling as a player. But they can come closer to touching it now than they could a few months ago.
Atlanta Food & Drink Events: January 5-11
Not much happening this week as we all recuperate from the holidays.
BUT we have a special giveaway for you! Subscribe here to our weekly newsletter and you'll be entered in a drawing to win 2 tickets to Southbound's beer dinner!
Southbound Green Flash beer dinner
When? January 13
What? Green Flash Brewing and several of Atlanta's top chefs are curating a five-course menu paired with Green Flash beers. Participating chefs include Southbound's Executive chef Ryan Smith as well as Staplehouse's Ryan Smith (that's right both Ryan Smiths!), Empire State South's Josh Hopkins, Leons‘ Eric Ottensmeyer, and pop-up restaurant Eat Me Speak Me‘s Jarrett Stieber.
You are entered when you sign up for our newsletter!
What's in our newsletter?
Each Monday morning we'll send you a listing of the week's top food & drink events, plus fun food stories and photos from events around town.
Wednesday January 7
World of Reds | Atlanta Wine School | 7-9 PM
World of Reds takes guests through six (6) wines, all RED, spanning the globe, plus a reception wine. ALL WINES WILL BE AT LEAST $50/BOTTLE RETAIL. These classes are great for gaining familiarity with new wines, as well as understanding how wine styles and selections are impacted by region and climate.
Thursday January 8
The Jig is Up Launch Event | Three Taverns Brewing | 6 PM
A new underground revolution, The Jig is Up aims to inspire how the state of Georgia can lead the way towards a sustainable future. Admission to the event is $12 per person and includes a Three Taverns souvenir glass, a tour of the brewery, six 5.5-ounce pours of Three Taverns' Belgian-style brews, and, of course, a first look at the visionary elements that comprise the revolution.
Friday January 9
Cooking Pies & Pints | Atlanta Wine School | 7-9 PM
You'll learn to make the crust, the toppings, The Pizza Pie Creations, and we'll even throw in a dessert pizza! And beer (and a little wine!), expertly selected, to accompany your creations.
Wine & Whiskey | Savi Provisions Buckhead | 7 PM A tasting of wine and whiskey featuring Pinot Noir from Domaine Serene, Jean Jacques Girard and Duckhorn Migration. Whiskey's from High West, Jefferson's Reserve, Corsair and Smooth Ambler.
Saturday January 10
Whole Hog Class with Gum Creek Farms | Pine Street Market | 10 AM- 1 PM
Get to know cuts of pork from the inside-out. During this interactive demonstration, Rusty & crew break down a whole pig while explaining various cuts of meat and the nuances of butchery. Participants slice their own pork chops and create two pounds of signature bacon!
Poultry, Chicken, Duck, etc Class | Atlanta Wine School | 11 AM- 1:30 PM
In this class you will learn to break down a chicken and turn into golden brown perfection. And you'll find that there is more to poultry that the famed one that crossed the road. Pigeon, dove, quail..you'll explore the whole coop!
Wahoo! Wine & Provisions Opening | Wahoo! Wine & Provisions | 12-4 PM
On the inaugural day, you will be treated to complimentary samples of several wines and local vendors including High Road Craft Ice Cream, ginger syrup cocktails from Verdant Kitchen, Firebud Sauces, Banner Butters, Lakehouse Coffee and Spotted Trotter.
Sobban Sake Dinner | Sobban | 7 PM
Our Chefs/Owners Jiyeon Lee and Cody Taylor are proud to present a one of a kind menu that will feature Guest Chef Guy Wong. Each course will be paired with Japanese Sake chosen by Sake Master Koji Aoto and Kikusui representative Ty Talor.
Date Night South of the Border | Cooks Warehouse East Cobb | 7-9 PM
Chef Jaime is our special guest this evening! He'll spice up your menu and your date night outing as they share their Mexican heritage and shows you how to put together this South of the Border feast.
Sunday January 11
Upstairs/Downstairs Dining | Cooks Warehouse Midtown | 1-3 PM
Chef Christy Seelye-King will explore the formality of dining in this period and help you hone the etiquette necessary to survive in a formal dining room setting. British social hierarchy will play out as each attendee will be given a name with their title/position attached, and we'll play a Dining Room Game that will test your best skills and manners with a ‘mock meal'.
Soulful Dinner with Adrian Miller | Bantam + Biddy Crescent Avenue | 6 PM
To celebrate the one year anniversary of its Crescent Avenue location, Bantam + Biddy owners Shaun Doty and Lance Gummere are hosting award-winning author Adrian Miller for a very soulful dinner. Miller recently received the 2014 James Beard Foundation Book Award for their cookbook,Soul Food: The Surprising Story of an American Cuisine, One Plate at a Time. Expect a cocktail reception and passed bites of mac ‘n' cheese, sweet potato greens spoonbread and buffalo fish ribs, the evening features dishes straight from the Soul Food cookbook. Guests will also have the opportunity to mingle with Miller and receive an autographed copy of their book to explore at home. The dinner menu is three courses of Southern goodness starting with catfish curry, followed by corn flake fried chicken and cheddar waffles and finished with banana pudding.
Pappy Van Winkle Dinner | The Pinewood | 7 PM
Decatur Package Store & The Pinewood are joining forces again to fight poverty. January 11th, 12th & 13th we will be hosting a Pappy Van Winkle Charity Dinner benefiting Poverty is Real. Price includes 7-Course Dinner + Pappy Van Winkle Tasting + A Silent Auction Featuring ORVW10yr107, VWSR12yr, PVW15yr, & PVW20yr.
Please follow and like us:
Orbital's Cygnus spacecraft will begin their latest trip to the International Space Station (ISS) on October 24, atop of the Antares carrier rocket – the rocket's fifth launch in 18 months of operation. The ORB-3/CRS-3 mission will also debut the use of the more powerful Castor XL second stage motor, supplied by ATK.
ORB-3:
Amid fanfares and fan frenzies over new spacecraft and rockets with legs, Antares – formerly known as Taurus II – has been calmly and methodically getting on with their job of flawlessly conducting their opening salvo of missions.
Although one of their future AJ-26 engines blew up on the Stennis test stand, the rocket's career during the ride uphill has been conducted without issue.
They began their career with the A-ONE test launch in 2013. Just a few months after this successfully debut, Antares launched again, this time with the first operational Cygnus spacecraft as its passenger.
The ORB-D1 mission saw Cygnus make their first journey to the International Space Station, achieving top marks on the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program scorecard.
This allowed the Orbital duo to begin Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) operations, with the CRS-1/ORB-1 Cygnus berthing with the ISS, following its successful ride atop of the third Antares rocket.
ORB-1 delivered 1,466 kilograms (3,232 lb) of upmass, out of a maximum of 2,000 kg (4,400 lb), before being unberthed and released by the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS).
The next mission, CRS-2/ORB-2 was also conducted without issue.
At the completion of berthing during the ORB-2 mission, Orbital's system had delivered approximately 3,800 kilos (about 8,400 lbs) of cargo to support the Expedition crews conducting research and living aboard the ISS.
As with all Cygnus missions, the spacecraft – full of Station trash – completed their service with a fiery re-entry.
Now Orbital is preparing for Cygnus' next mission, with CRS-3/ORB-3 tasked with their largest load of cargo to date, carrying approximately 5,050 pounds (2,290 kilograms) of upmass to the orbital outpost.
The extra mass is, in part, allowed by the increased performance of the second stage that will debut with what is now set to be an October 24 mission, targeting a 7:52 p.m. (EDT) T-0 from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.
The increase of performance has been an incremental goal for Antares, with their ORB-2 mission utilizing the Castor 30B upper stage, replacing the less powerful Castor 30A used for the previous two Antares missions.
Now the 30B will be replaced for the upcoming launch with an even more capable Castor 30XL.
During development of Antares and Cygnus, the initial plan for CRS-3 onwards was to switch to a liquid upper stage called the HESS, utilizing the Russian RD-0124.
However, the company later decided to go with a stretched version of the original solid-based Upper Stage, the Castor 30XL.
This rocket stage will allow for the transition towards the launch of extra cargo on a larger Cygnus Spacecraft.
The “enhanced” Cygnus is scheduled to fly the last five CRS missions, boosting payload capacity to 2,700 kg.
The CASTOR 30XL solid rocket motor is 92 inches in diameter, 236 inches in length and weighs approximately 58,000 pounds.
The nozzle is eight feet long with a submerged design with a high performance expansion ratio (56:1) and a dual density exit cone well suited for high altitude operation.
Orbital Sciences Corporation contracted ATK back in April, 2011 for the development and qualification of the motor, along with the six production units that will ride with Antares and Cygnus on their ISS missions.
The entire program took less than two years for ATK to design and build the static test article.
ATK note the CASTOR 30XL team maintained “an aggressive schedule” that included development and design release, qualification of the case including superproof testing, casting of an inert motor and completing production of the static fire unit.
Work was spread over several facilities, including the Aerospace Structures Division in Clearfield, who manufactured the case, while nozzle manufacturing was performed at the Promontory facility. The motor was cast and finished at the Bacchus facility.
The new Upper Stage motor was shipped from its manufacturer, ATK, to the Arnold Engineering Development Center in Tennessee for a static fire test.
As seen via a dual camera engineering video acquired by L2, the motor successfully fired for its full duration of 156 seconds, which included gimbal checks on the motor's nozzle.
According to L2 information, ATK has wasted little time since test firing the motor, with at least three CASTOR 30XLs already constructed and ready to be used by Orbital.
The first of these motors has since arrived at Wallops for mating with the CRS-3/ORB-3 Antares.
Under a $1.9 billion CRS contract with NASA, Orbital will use Antares and Cygnus to deliver up to 44,000 pounds (20,000 kilograms) of cargo to the ISS over eight missions, including the mission currently underway, through late 2016.
Antares and Cygnus are likely to be one of the favorites to win future missions past the current CRS agreement, with NASA recently releasing a request for proposals (RFP) for the next round of contracts for private-sector companies to deliver experiments and supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
Under the Commercial Resupply Services 2 (CRS2) RFP, NASA intends to award contracts with one or more companies for six or more flights per contract.
As with current resupply flights, these missions would launch from US spaceports, and the contracted services would include logistical and research cargo delivery and return to and from the space station through fiscal year 2020, with the option to purchase additional launches through 2024.
(Images: via Orbital and L2's Antares and Cygnus Section – containing presentations, videos, images, interactive high level updates and more).
(Click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ – to view how you can support NSF's hosting costs and access over 5,500 gbs of content available on no other site).
Two new simple, but very important features have been added recently: Scenario parameters and scenario achievements.
Finding the proper settings for your scenario is often hard. If you make it too easy, veterans get bored or finish it in two minutes. If it's too hard, it's frustrating or impossible for newbies. Now, scenario parameters have been introduced to help scenario designers offer their work to a broader audience. Scenario parameters are custom settings each scenario can define and players can select before the round. Examples in the worlds folder are map difficulty or size. But of course scenario designers can choose any parameters they want and have relaunches, team modes, etc. defined by the player before the round.
Can you imagine you've finished the insane version of Acid Gold Mine but have nothing to show for it? That's where achievements come into play. In addition to parameters, each scenario can define small symbols which are unlocked and displayed in the scenario selection after successfully finishing the round. For example in the worlds folder, bronze, silver and gold stars are given for completing a round on normal, hard or insane mode respectively. Scenarios may also define additional symbols such as special marks you gain after finding a secret in the missions.
You can try out these new features in the latest nightly builds.
Three more Shiv Sainiks were arrested Monday in connection with the attack on the KEM hospital's head of forensic department, Dr Harish Pathak. All the six Shiv Sainiks who allegedly attacked Dr Pathak Saturday have now been arrested.
Advertising
Those arrested Monday are Kaka Gaikwad (28), Ravi Kiran Ghatkar (32) and Vishal Rekame (30). “They have been remanded in judicial custody for two days,” said Inspector Dattatray Patil. Gaikwad and Ghatkar, both from Pune, had returned home after the incident. Rekame is a resident of Virar.
On Sunday, the police had arrested a man identified as Jeetendra Kulkarni, also from Pune. Immediately after the incident, the police had arrested Shiv Sainiks Nilesh Dhumal and Yuvraj Dhakale. On Saturday, angered by the hospital's decision to put numbers on the foreheads of those killed in the stampede on a foot overbridge at the Elphinstone Road railway station for speedy identification by their kin, at least six Shiv Sainiks tried to attack Dr Pathak inside the hospital.
The police said the Shiv Sainiks had come to Mumbai on September 30 to attend party chief Uddhav Thackeray's Dussehra rally at Shivaji Park. They reportedly came across pictures of the victims, with numbers written with red markers on their foreheads, and decided to first visit the KEM hospital in the afternoon before the rally began. “The hospital has zero humanity,” said Dhumal, who tried to write ‘zero' on Dr Pathak's forehead with a black marker. They added that they “got enraged after seeing such pictures of their brothers and sisters”.
The six Sena workers, in saffron scarves and party caps, first visited the mortuary's reception to enquire which doctor took the decision to number the victims. Later, they entered the morgue office on the ground floor, where the forensic department head was with a junior resident doctor. Guard Manoj Jadhav, who was present at the morgue's main entrance, was unable to stop the group.
While attacking the doctor, Dhumal said, “Terrorists killed in military operations are numbered like this.” Dhumal and Dhakale then tried to write ‘zero' on Dr Pathak's forehead. Dhumal works as a security guard in Shirdi. Dhakale is an estate agent in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The two were immediately arrested by the Bhoiwada police and a FIR lodged by the hospital. The police identified the four others who had fled from CCTV footage.
On Tuesday, Dr Pathak was called to identify the accused. The police also slapped additional charges under Section 4 of the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961, which deals with assault on doctors.
Advertising
On September 29, minutes after several bodies started reaching the casualty ward, the hospital decided to circulate the photos of the 22 victims to the police and print them on flex to facilitate quick identification. “We wanted to spare the relatives the trauma of physically seeing the bodies to identify their kin,” said Dr Pathak said. Many, however, termed the hospital's move as “insensitive”.
Exploitative landlords are under the microscope after a plane used thermal imaging to route out beds in sheds across the borough.
Harrow Council used the technology to examine 75 suspect developments based on complaints from neighbours, however more than 300 are now under investigation by the authority's planning enforcement team following the fly over.
Susan Hall, Conservative leader of Harrow Council, said: “The pressures of migration in London, fuelled by recent waves of new arrivals from Eastern Europe, are creating new stresses on local authorities that we just haven't had to contend with before.
"What was once thought even just 18 months ago to be a problem for the centre of big cities is now rippling out to the suburbs."
The council just set aside £100,000 to tackle rogue landlords, and have conducted a number of visits recently including finding a room with three mattresses where occupants were charged £55 a week each to live there.
Ms Hall added: “The beds in sheds phenomenon means there is a hidden community springing up in the back gardens of our cities – in our borough alone the thermal pictures we receive suggest there are four times as many as we first suspected.
"These are people who use council services – like bin collection – but for whom we receive no extra funding.
“In many cases the people in beds in sheds are at the bottom of a pyramid of exploitation. But we get complaints from their neighbours that we cannot ignore, and it is not fair on them that these houses should turn into cash cows for opportunist landlords.”
The plane, which flew over Harrow at a height of 1030 metres, took the images over the course of three hours starting at 9pm on January 11, and officers have been examining the images since.
Harrow's war on beds in sheds was even praised by Nick Clegg, the deputy Prime Minister, last year.
Councillor Will Stoodley, who chaired planning committee under the Independent Labour administration until September last year, consistently raised their concern over the problem and the national legislation that allows landlords to apply for lawful development certificates which, after four years, legitimise any indiscretions such as renting outbuildings without the proper permissions.
Labour's Councillor Bill Phillips even called the legislation ‘insane' last year, calling for change.
Mr Stoodley said: "What was frustrating for us in that time was that we came across two applications to legitimise these buildings which residents had already warned officers about years back, but nothing was done because they said they were short staffed.
"While the planning committee is limited in what they can do once things get to that stage, no one was talking about beds in sheds until we started blowing the trumpet and the Harrow Observer began reporting on it. Now we have the funding in place."
The same genetic codes that make us prone to depression could also predispose us to positivity and happiness, according to a new study.
To put it another way, the researchers think the same genes might make us more sensitive to our environment – and depending on environmental conditions, that could be for better or worse.
"If you have those genes and are in a negative environment, you are likely to develop the negative cognitive biases that lead to mental disorders," says cognitive psychologist Elaine Fox from Oxford University in the UK. "If you have those genes but are in a supportive environment, you are likely to develop positive cognitive biases that increase your mental resilience."
The researchers, who reviewed a range of studies for their new paper, now want more of a focus on how the genetics of mental health mix with cognitive biases – the preset mental filters at work in our brains.
"When people have a cognitive bias that emphasises negative aspects or thoughts, they are more at risk of mental health disorders," explains clinical psychologist Chris Beevers from the University of Texas at Austin.
"There is a lot of research about these biases, and a lot of research about genes that may make people susceptible to mental ill health. However, we suggest that it could make more sense to bring together these two areas of research."
By combining work on both genetics and bias, the pair hope to further our understanding of how mental health problems take root – and that in turn could lead to better therapies tailored more specifically to each patient. It could also help identify people at risk of depression earlier.
As the team explains in Molecular Psychiatry, we don't yet know much about the psychological or biological mechanisms that underlie this extra sensitivity to our environment, but it's possible that some genetic variants previously labelled as problematic could actually turn out to be positive (given the right surroundings).
They suggest that certain mental processes could explain the differential susceptibility hypothesis – the idea that in a group of people, some are more likely to react to events in either a positive or negative way, thanks to genetic variation.
The team sifted through dozens of scientific papers on these topics for their own study. Some of them (like this 2006 study) identify links between genes and depression, while others (including this 2010 paper) look at how attention bias affects how we react to events.
The next step, the researchers say, is combined these two fields of study and look at how our mental biases influence certain sets of genes and, combined with day-to-day environmental pressures, tip people one way or the other – into negative or positive feelings, even though the basic genetic coding might be the same.
Some of this work will be carried out through the CogBIAS Project set up by Fox at Oxford University, a multidisciplinary research effort aiming to find out what it is that separates the emotionally resilient from the emotionally vulnerable.
With time, the team says, it might be possible to adjust or retrain certain biases in the brain, and thus limit the depressed or anxious thoughts some people have. It's early days yet, but we're looking forward to seeing where this research leads.
On the evening of December 6th, 2016, Neo-Nazi and founder of the "alt-right" euphemism came to speak at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.His talk was met with thousands of both silent and vocal protesters. Multiple protests organized themselves concurrently outside the MSC (Memorial Student Center) before the talk was scheduled to begin. Once underway, the crowds made their way into the building in order to shut down Spencer's speech. Riot police were called in to protect the Nazi's and their hate speech. Conflict ensued been anti-fascist groups, civilian protesters, and cops.Epilogue: After the anti-nazi protesters were pushed outside of the building, the mounted police units were called in, and they continued pushing protesters back until Richard Spencer was escorted out at an undisclosed location and eventually the crowds dispersed.All in all, two Antifa from DFW were arrested, and one student is currently concussed and vomiting and being sent to the hospital.
File photo
Durban - Two Chatsworth schoolboys, aged 8 and 9, were allegedly gang raped on school premises by four of their older peers. KwaZulu-Natal police spokesperson Colonel Jay Naicker confirmed that charges had been laid at the Chatsworth SAPS.
“The two victims were allegedly gang raped. At this stage, the case is being investigated by the SAPS Chatsworth FCS (Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences) Unit. We cannot furnish further information as the victims and accused are minors,” said Naicker.
The incident is believed to have taken place in one of the school toilets last week.
Following the incident, Department of Education officials visited the school, meeting with the principal and other staff to assess the situation. Parents of the pupils involved were also called in.
Department of Education spokesperson Muzi Mhlambi said that the department was investigating the matter.
“Initial reports from department officials indicate to us that it was not rape but rather sexual experimentation but we will await the outcome of the investigation. Regardless of what it is, we are deeply concerned,” said Mhlambi.
They said that counselling had been arranged for all the pupils.
Parent's Association KwaZulu-Natal Durban South chairperson Vee Gani said the incident was unacceptable and unfortunate.
“A lot more needs to be done to educate learners at primary school about matters like this so that they are more sexually alert,” said Gani.
President of the International Society for the Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect Joan Van Niekerk said that there were several factors that could have built up to the incident.
“Twelve-year-olds don't understand rape and it highlights one of two things. Either they have been victims of abuse or they are being exposed to material or behaviour that they shouldn't be exposed to. I hope that all children involved are carefully assessed,” they said.
Van Niekerk added that recent studies showed that South Africa had an exceptionally high level of abuse against children.
“The study also tells us that South African children have a low level of empathy. This means that they do not care about what consequences their actions would have on others and that is of enormous concern,” they said.
Attempts were made to contact the school for comment.
Reporters were told that the principal was in meetings or teaching and was not available.
The school also refused to provide contact details for governing body officials.
IOL MOJO
Shrub Week. The words echo through the blasted hearts of the Gaslamp Games art team. After the last week, they know no love, no joy; only hand-crafted foliage assembled in the no-man's land enduring a tense ceasefire between Haste and Artfulness.
It all began several weeks ago on a rainy day in Vancouver (which, admittedly, could be any day in Vancouver). My proclivity for punctuality and organization was goaded by the Stick of Management through the bars (of Necessity) which walled the Cage of Fixed Deadlines. The wielder of this device of torment? Everyman-by-night and notorious beer-sampler Gaslamp CEO Daniel Jacobsen fixing me with an executive gaze through that smug little webcam perched on my leftmost monitor (the one with the strange hydraulic arm which may someday unleash its blind, hateful power). The challenge? Complete the entire “non-tree plants” section of the Project Odin Minimum Viable Product Art Asset List.
Challenge Accepted.
Break down the requirements, derive the assets from the general design. We talked about this before. Every biome needs ground-cover and some happy little bushes; each zone on the vaguely defined temperature/humidity matrix needs some agricultural product(s). And we damn well are getting coffee plants. You, dear player, may well end up scratching Dire Cabbage from the permafrost on the Cliffs Of Frozen Terror (a mountainous sub-glacial high-horror biome of but middling humidity rating), but at least I've given you a chance. Remember me for that much, at the end of it all!
Now, each shrubbery has its own technical requirements. A barrel cactus? Little more than a malevolent cylinder bristling with standoffish loathing. Disc fungus? No problem; Sean practically lives on disc-shaped fungi (a lie). Grassy Things, though technically not shrubs, fall into the “non-tree plants” category and therefore being within the purview of Shrub Week are particularly troublesome due to the thinness of their bedeviling leaves/stalks which are visually lost when viewed from afar, at an angle, with our orthographic game camera. Further, said camera can be rotated, potentially revealing the invisible geometries which only Invisible Geometers ought to be privy to. (And if you look, it seems that they'll confiscate your brain and put it in a jar for safekeeping. It's all for the best of an unfortunate situation, really. Stiff upper lip now and all that. Yes, jars sometimes get mixed up, but it's not their advanced filing protocols for which they are best known and there's a reason for that.)
Sean and Joseph have been coming up with some tricks to address this issue (yes, my tangent perhaps threw my dear reader off: the issue at hand being that of portraying grass and small bits of foliage)– altering card normals, using card facing and playing to the known camera angle directions to construct a facade of reality from Wrong Geometries. It's no grass, it's actually four cleverly arranged one-sided 2D planes! Speaking of which, Nicholas has been implementing some Perfectly Safe rendering options on our asset importer to make life easier for the artists (not often done): some texture cards won't cast shadows, others shall, and we may get billboards if we decide that DOOM really was on to something special back in 1993.
There may also have been experimentation with stacks of card textures to create small plants and flowers relatively cheaply; these have also run into issues with shadow rendering, but I'm sure Nicholas will get it all sorted out before the Geometers come for their brain. I, for one, am I counting on them being distracted with turning the coffee maker inside-out.
In all, Shrub Week was pretty good. We got lots done, suffered together, beatings were had, lessons learned, friendships made and broken. But I think we're glad to be moving on from shrubs and I'm about through with writing anything at all on the subject for at least three days. Next up: a couple weeks of miscellaneous trees and animals with a machine module or two thrown in with that set of pipes before we do Creepy Week. I probably shouldn't tell you much about Creepy Week because that'd make it less Creepy. Perhaps you can tell that we're getting excited about it already. It'll be Fun.
(Best of all, I'm still allowed to have the artists create land-coral, urchins, and giant anemones because they are all technically animals, not shrubs. Another victory for Science!)
There's been much talk as of late about ousted Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and whether they signed a nondisparagement agreement preventing them from talking trash about their former boss. Lewandowski scored a job as a commentator at CNN after being canned by Trump. I wrote last week about the very high likelihood that they have a nondisclosure agreement that specifically prevents them from revealing what happened while they worked for the presidential hopeful. Now, I'm even more convinced that the agreement was quite restrictive. We stumbled upon some court records from 1992 that reveal a detailed confidentiality agreement that Trump made their former wife Ivana Trump sign when they got divorced.
Here's what it said:
Without obtaining [the husband's] written consent in advance, [the wife] shall not directly or indirectly publish, or cause to be published, any diary, memoir, letter, story, photograph, interview, article, essay, account, or description or depiction of any kind whatsoever, whether fictionalized or not, concerning their marriage to [the husband] or any other aspect of [the husband's] personal, business or financial affairs, or assist or provide information to others in connection with the publication or dissemination of any such material or excerpts thereof.
Under the clause, if Ivana breached the confidentiality agreement, their payments and benefits from Trump would be immediately terminated. In addition, Trump could seek a temporary or permanent injunction to prevent them from speaking badly about their marriage. And, in fact, at one point, Ivana attempted to get the confidentiality portion of their post nuptial settlement agreement stricken. Trump refused. In 1992, an appellate court ruled that it was enforceable. The divorce came after a much publicized affair that Donald Trump had with Marla Maples.
According to The New York Post, Ivana got a $14 million cash settlement, the family's 45-room Connecticut mansion, an apartment at Trump Plaza, and use of Trump's Palm Beach mansion. Not a bad price for their promise to stay silent. Ivana recently gave an interview to the Post (presumably with Trump's permission as detailed in their agreement) where they talked about how they are still close with their former husband, and has even been advising them in their presidential run. But, if you read through this 1990 Vanity Fair article, you will see their break-up wasn't quite that smooth.
Around 5 p.m. on June 30, a large march headed over the 6th of October Bridge, toward Tahrir Square. A middle section of some 200 women chanted against President Mohamed Morsi.
The women were surrounded by men, who formed a circle around them, preventing other men from squeezing into the women's section. As the march passed, a 40-something Egyptian man yelled at the crowd, “Look, they're protecting the women. What sexual harassment are they talking about?”
That sentiment has been echoed by others who have denied the horrific reports of rampant sexual assaults in the country over the past few days. Those who say the attacks never happened are mostly men.
Videos and reports from groups like Op Anti-Sexual Harassment/Assault, known as Opantish, have underscored the frightening reality facing the female participants in Egypt's historic demonstrations, which began Sunday.
Men are seen huddled around women in what looks like a massive fight. It is nearly impossible to distinguish who is attempting to save the women and who is doing the assaulting. Iron sticks, small lit gas containers, and hundreds of fingers and hands merge.
Women speak of wild chaos and panic. Faces blur in the madness. Women drift under or with the crowd. Their minds and bodies bear witness to unimaginable cruelty.
On the evening of June 30, at least 46 mob assaults were perpetrated against women, yet unreported incidents are believed to be much greater, Opantish reports. These women were assaulted, raped, and attacked, sometimes with knives and other objects. Survivors need psychological and often medical assistance. Not only are they forced to come to terms with the trauma, but often they are challenged by skeptics. Some Egyptians find it difficult to believe such inhumanity could take place alongside such awe-inspiring protests.
While the assault and gang rape of a Dutch journalist sparked international headlines, it is Egyptian women who bear the brunt of these attacks in the square, in what has become commonplace at major gatherings in the country in recent years.
“We know in the past when we have gone down to Tahrir there was a group of instigators, four or five, and then people around them start participating in the attack against the woman,” Danya Nadar, a spokesperson from Opantish, told The Daily Beast.
Even as Nadar was speaking Tuesday evening, an Opantish volunteer spotted a man attempting to instigate another attack.
The incidents of the past few days, including dozens reported by groups like Opantish on Tuesday night Cairo time, are part of a series of violent attacks against women at mass protests since the fall of Hosni Mubarak in February 2011.
Similar assaults were reported in November 2012 during mass demonstrations against Morsi, including the use of knives and other objects.
“There is no limit,” said Nadar. “Some are able to get out when people who truly want them out of the mob intervene and get them out safely, but it is very difficult when there are almost 50 to 100 men surrounding the girl and violently attacking her.”
“Unfortunately, the range of violence is from verbal harassment all the way to a woman dragged from one end of the square to the other by a mob of 100 men violently stripping and assaulting her,” Nadar said.
“This is the reality Egyptian women face today,” they added. “Our role today is to break the myth that this does not happen in Egypt and that this is targeting women according to their dress codes. As we saw in December 2011, the Egyptian Army stripped and beat a woman wearing a niqab in the middle of the square, and all people could talk about was what was they doing there [and] why was they wearing a blue bra.”
Opantish and other groups that aim to end sexual violence against women in Tahrir and across Egypt have laid the blame on protest organizers and the ruling government, led by the Muslim Brotherhood.
Nadar pointed to statements made in February in the Shura Council, the Upper House of Parliament, as evidence that the government is not doing enough to curtail the violence:
“Girls who join [the protests] do so knowing they are in the middle of thugs and street types. They must protect themselves before asking the Ministry of the Interior to do so. Sometimes a girl contributes 100 percent to their rape because they put themselves in those circumstances.”
As crowds continue to protest against Morsi in the square, women's safety is again a growing concern.
Egyptian women on Twitter and Facebook, including a number of female journalists, have reported being groped and harassed in Tahrir.
The increased sexual violence perpetrated against them—and the lack of guarantees for their rights in the draft constitution—means women in Egypt are facing as uncertain a future as they have in modern times.
Joseph Mayton contributed to this article
As President Barack Obama prepares to embark on their fifth visit to the Asia-Pacific region, grassroots protests against U.S. efforts to ram through the Trans-Pacific trade deal and the U.S. military pivot to Asia are mounting on both sides of the Pacific.
"People are saying we don't want more U.S. militarization in our countries," said Rhonda Ramiro, Vice Chair of BAYAN-USA—an alliance of Filipino organizations in the U.S.—in an interview with Common Dreams. "This is about U.S. military power and economic domination."
In the coming days, protests against the TPP and U.S. military pivot will sweep U.S. embassies in Japan, South Korea, and the Philippines, with more actions slated for the "weeks and months to come," said Ramiro. Channel News Asia reports that in Tokyo, where Obama will land Wednesday, protests against the TPP by workers, farmers, and community groups are already heating up.
Meanwhile, BAYAN-USA is organizing a day of action on Friday in major cities across the U.S. to oppose military buildup throughout the Philippines and the Asia-Pacific region. And Monday marked the beginning of a U.S. week of action against the TPP backed by a coalition of environmental, labor, internet freedom, and numerous other organizations.
Obama is widely expected to use their upcoming trip to Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and the Philippines to push for the TPP and secure a U.S. military buildup in the region.
Critics charge that this economic and military agenda is part of a broader strategic plan to bolster U.S. geopolitical control of the region and hedge against China.
The TPP, which has been referred to as NAFTA on steroids, is a so-called "free trade agreement" currently under negotiation between 12 countries — the United States, Australia, Brunei Darussalam, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, and Vietnam — together comprising 40 percent of the world's GDP. Despite the breadth of this potential agreement, the TPP negotiations have been highly secretive, with the bulk of publicly available information exposed by WikiLeaks.
Documents show that negotiators are pushing for inclusion of NAFTA's infamous corporate tribunals, in which corporations "settle disputes" with governments in secrecy and trample domestic protections from public health to environmental regulations, completely circumventing their own national legal systems.
Cassidy Regan of Flush the TPP told Common Dreams that the TPP is "nothing but corporate colonialism." They added, "The supposed environmental protections chapter includes nothing substantive. The intellectual property chapter raised major concerns among internet freedom activists, as well as public health workers who know the expansion of monopoly drug patents for major pharmaceutical companies will only further raise the price of and threaten access to life-saving medicines worldwide."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Christine Ahn writes for Foreign Policy in Focus that the U.S. push for the TPP is part of a "one-two punch," with the second blow dealt by the so-called U.S. military pivot to the Asia-Pacific.
The renewed U.S. military interest in the Asia-Pacific region, pushed in 2011 by Hillary Clinton, aims to deploy 60 percent of the U.S. Navy fleet to the Asia Pacific region by 2020. This effort includes: the re-building and occupation of U.S. military installations in the Philippines; the deployment of thousands of troops; the building of new military bases across the region; expansion of military exercises; shifting of weapons—including long-range bombers and drones—to the Pacific; and increased military alliances.
This is in a region where there are already approximately 320,000 U.S. troops.
"The U.S. is trying to establish neoliberal policies," said Ramiro. "If anyone is opposed, the military will be there to back up economic plans. The militarization is also a way for the U.S. to flex its muscles around China."
According to Ramiro, the U.S. military presence has brought environmental destruction and an epidemic of violence and sexual assaults against women. Furthermore, bolstered U.S. military alliances are further strengthening repressive governments.
"We have a Philippine military has been implicated in major human rights abuses against peace, labor, and environmental activists and journalists," said Ramiro. "The military has silenced dissent and engaged in outright killings torture. This is the Philippine military that trained with U.S. military."
Yet Bernadette Ellorin, Chairperson of BAYAN-USA, told Common Dreams that the legacies of resistance throughout the region are cause for hope.
"People in the Asia-Pacific have been struggling for decades against U.S. intervention. This is nothing new to people in the region," said Ellorin. "In the Philippines we have been fighting us presence for 114 years. Other countries have been fighting for decades. Those struggles and movements still exist, and they are intensifying now."
They added, "These movements in the region continue to frustrate the U.S. geopolitical agenda in the region and have endured countless U.S. counter-insurgency campaigns. The U.S. Pacific Command is the largest and oldest of the U.S. global commands. As long as U.S. intervention is present, people's resistance will not only persist, but grow."
_____________________
Introducing BRIT
April 11th 2014
What is the best way to provide Bitcoin users with high quality wallet software ? How do the devs get paid ?
This article describes how we plan to do this for MultiBit HD. We call it the Burton-Rowe Income Technique (BRIT).
Overview
With MultiBit HD we are introducing a client fee of 1,000 satoshi per spend. This compares favourably with the current minimum miner's fee of 10,000 satoshi. This fee will go towards further development of MultiBit HD. We will also use the funds raised to support upstream projects that MultiBit HD relies upon (such as Bitcoinj, XChange etc).
By charging a client fee we can avoid intrusive or privacy-breaking alternatives.
Background
MultiBit has been in the Bitcoin space since 2011. In that time it has seen continuous development and improvement. Recently we celebrated 1.5 million downloads.
Supporting a virtual metropolis of users and writing new features is now a full time job for a team of developers. On top of that since October 2013 we've been working hard on the next version of MultiBit - MultiBit HD - which has a much better interface and a deterministic wallet.
We're fortunate to be in this position to contribute to the Bitcoin community, and to enable us to keep paying the bills we had to design a way to get income according to these principles:
Must be open source under MIT license
No gathering or selling of information to third parties
No in-app advertising
Zero upfront cost
Must be decentralised apart from an anonymous initial contact
Fees must be extremely low
Must allow income to be allocated to other parties efficiently
All communications must rely on encrypted messages to prevent snooping, MITM and replay attacks
The result was the creation of a micro-payment system, BRIT, with a client fee of 1,000 satoshi per transaction sent.
At $500 per bitcoin this is 0.5 cents for each transaction sent. The price of a latte in a New York Starbucks is about $4 which equates to 800 sends through MultiBit HD.
There is no charge for receiving bitcoin. As this fee is below the Bitcoin dust limit of 5432 satoshi we bundle up these small amounts so that you pay once every twenty to thirty sends from your wallet.
Developer notes
BRIT contains some interesting cryptography which we think will be of interest to Bitcoin developers. We also hope that it will be of use to developers of open source applications that are not Bitcoin-specific (such as Inkscape, GIMP, LibreOffice etc). Perhaps one day we will see BRIT used as the basis of pay-as-you-go open source software. Support for BRIT can be implemented without the need for any Bitcoin processing code in the application beyond a simple web confirmation of payment.
All the payment code, both client and server side, will be released under the MIT licence for other teams to use freely. Right now the BRIT Server code and documentation is available for examination on GitHub. The client code is currently within the MultiBit HD repo which will be opened in the coming weeks.
Related articles
Here are some related articles:
press release
Saudi Arabia detains an Egyptian lawyer for defending Egyptian detainees in its prisons
ANHRI denounces the continued hostility by the Saudi authorities of the right to freedom of expression throwing against a wall all human rights and freedoms.
As Saudi security forces arrested the Egyptian lawyer "Ahmed Algizawy" the moment they arrived at Jeddah airport for a journey of Umrah" last Tuesday for their criticism of the Saudi government, and filing a case to the Egyptian judiciary against Saudi King to demand the release of Egyptian illegally poisoned in Saudi Arabia.
"Algizawy" travelled to Saudi Arabia on Tuesday 17 April with their wife to perform Umrah, and upon arrival to Jeddah airport they were shocked by their arrest for the application of the rule issued by the Saudi courts to prison them for a year after 20 skin lashes because of their defense of Egyptian detainees inside Saudi prisons on arbitrary charges and facing the king with criticism in a speech to a TV channel.
"Algizawy" criticized the Saudi repression of Egyptians living in Saudi territory and filed a case on Saudi Arabia calling for forcing Saudi authorities to hand over Egyptians detained in its custody, accusing the Saudi King himself.
Since their arrest and till now Algizawy's fate is unknown with no information about their place.
ANHRI expressed its shock of Saudi courts to prosecute an Egyptian citizen and render a judgment against them without being notified of the charges and without even their defense attendance, all because of their criticism of the authorities violating rights of Egyptian citizens in its territory detaining them in violation of the law.
ANHRI said: "The Saudi authorities that is one of the worst Arab dictatorships hostile to public freedoms and human rights not only arrest citizens on its territory but also harass anyone who dares to claim the rights of these citizens as what previously happened with the Saudi activist Walid Abulkhair when trialed and suffered harassment because of their defense of the rights of detainees but the violation this time is against an Egyptian lawyer used their legitimate right to express and litigation."
"Egyptian Foreign Ministry should play its role protecting Egyptian citizens abroad and react differently from the former regime that used to collude Saudi authorities in its violations against Egyptians living within its territory, especially since the incident of Ahmed Algizawa is just the latest in a long series of attacks on the rights of Egyptians in Saudi Arabia not forgetting the Egyptian authorities' ignorance of our continued calls to intervene for the release of the young innocent Egyptian prisoner Youseph Ashmawi in Saudi prisons". ANHRI added.
'98-'99 Dallas Stars (51-19-12, 114 points (1st in Pacific), STANLEY CUP CHAMPIONS) '99-'00 Dallas Stars (43-23-10-6, 102 points (1st in Pacific), Lost in Stanley Cup Final) '07-'08 Dallas Stars (45-30-7, 97 points (3rd in Pacific), Lost in Conference Final) '02-'03 Dallas Stars (46-17-15-4, 111 points (1st in Pacific), Lost in Conference Semifinal) '00-'01 Dallas Stars (48-24-8-2, 106 points (1st in Pacific), Lost in Conference Semifinal) '93-'94 Dallas Stars (42-29-13, 97 points (3rd in Central), Lost in Conference Semifinal) '96-'97 Dallas Stars (48-26-8, 104 points (1st in Central), Lost in Conference Quarterfinal) '05-'06 Dallas Stars (53-23-6, 112 points (1st in Pacific), Lost in Conference Quarterfinal)
The '02-'03 Dallas Stars were the 20th seed in the inaugural Ultimate NHL Playoff. They defeated the 45th-seeded '76-'77 Cleveland Barons in five games in the First Round. Then, they upset the 13th-seeded '34-'35 Montreal Maroons in six games to advance to the Third Round. However, in the Third Round, they were swept by the 4th-seeded '73-'74 Boston Bruins who made it all the way Semifinal Round.
Players to Watch:
C – Mike Modano – A true legend of the game and one of my favorites ever.  They are the greatest Dallas Star ever.
– A true legend of the game and one of my favorites ever.  They are the greatest Dallas Star ever. D – Sergei Zubov – They sit second all-time in scoring in Stars history, behind only the Modano. They excelled at the long outlet pass once the league eliminated the two-line pass rule.
– They sit second all-time in scoring in Stars history, behind only the Modano. They excelled at the long outlet pass once the league eliminated the two-line pass rule. RW – Jere Lehtinen – One of the more “underrated” players of their time, in my opinion. They were a great two-way player who put up 20-goal seasons consistently.
Advertisements
US facilitating joint talks with Turkey, Syrian Kurdish forces to ease tension
WASHINGTON
The U.S.-led anti-Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) coalition stated on Dec. 8 that it was facilitating joint talks with Turkey and the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in order to simmer down tensions between the two parties that are both fighting jihadists in northern Syria.“This week, we're facilitating joint discussions with Turkey, the SDF and other coalition partners to promote de-escalation in the area,” anti-ISIL coalition spokesperson Air Force Col. John Dorrian told reporters in a video briefing from Baghdad, AFP reported.“Every party to these discussions has an overriding interest in common - this is the defeat of ISIL, an enemy that threatens us all,” Dorrian added.The SDF is primarily comprised of the Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), which is the military wing of the Syrian Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD). Turkey views the YPG and PYD as the Syrian offshoots of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), with which it is in an armed conflict since the mid-1980s. Turkey, along with the U.S. and the EU designate the PKK as a terrorist organization.The U.S., however, does not similarly label the YPG, the PYD, or the SDF, which is composed not only of Kurdish forces but also Arab militias. Washington has extensively relied on these groups to roll back ISIL inside Syria.“These meetings are the starting points in addressing a challenging situation,” state-run Anadolu Agency quoted Dorrian as saying in the same meeting.Turkish and American chiefs of staff, Hulusi Akar and Joseph Dunford, respectively, met twice in under a month. Akar and Dunford first met in Ankara in November and then at the İncirlik Air Base in Adana in December.The SDF is currently carrying out a campaign to oust ISIL from its self-declared Syrian capital of Raqqa, a major goal of the U.S.-led coalition as it seeks to eliminate the jihadists from territories under its control in the region.The coalition has carried out approximately 300 airstrikes in support of these ground forces in the past month alone, Dorrian said.He said liberating territory in northern Syria “has freed up to thousands of civilians from” ISIL, and many of the displaced are heading to nearby Manbij, which the SDF secured in August from ISIL.“Unfortunately, as they move in that direction, and even as they find refuge in and around the city, they're being targeted by ISIL's small arms and IED attacks,” Dorrian added.A contingent of Arab fighters has allowed the SDF to establish “a governance structure representative of the local population” in Manbij, and a “similar model” is being planned for Raqqa, they added.There are currently more than 1,500 fighters training to join the SDF, Dorrian said, and more than 90 percent of its graduates are Arab.The SDF now has an elite force of 45,000 fighters, including 13,000 Arabs from Raqqa, according to Dorrian.Ankara has repeatedly said it would not allow a “terror corridor” on its southern frontier and that it wants to prevent the joining of the Kurdish “cantons” of Afrin and Kobane.A senior U.S. military official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told AFP that Kurdish forces had slowed their advance toward Raqqa because they were worried Turks would attack them.“Their biggest concern is the Turks behind them are threatening to attack them and that's what caused them to hesitate to move forward,” the official was quoted as saying by AFP.Meanwhile, a senior U.S. military official said Dec. 8 that at least 50,000 ISIL jihadists had been killed by the U.S.-led coalition since it began operations in Iraq and Syria in late 2014.A relentless operation using planes and drones from a dozen or so members of the anti-ISIL coalition since August 2014 has conducted some 16,000 air strikes against the jihadists in Iraq and Syria, which two-thirds of them in Iraq.In addition, the coalition has provided training and weapons to local forces fighting ISIL.“I am not into morbid counts but that kind of volume matters, that kind of impact on the enemy,” the official said, calling the 50,000 number a conservative estimate.The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the air campaign had been the “most pristine” every in terms of avoiding civilian casualties, with almost all the bombs dropped so far being smart weapons that can be steered to a precise target.The coalition tally of civilians killed in the operations is 173, though critics say the real figure is far higher.
Group Taking On AG Healey, Looking To Zap State's Stun-Gun Ban
Printed from: https://newbostonpost.com/2017/02/16/group-taking-on-ag-healey-looking-to-zap-states-stun-gun-ban/
(Evan Lips — New Boston Post) (Evan Lips — New Boston Post)
BOSTON — A trio of citizens looking to overturn the commonwealth's ban on personal stun guns is taking the state's most active and vocal firearms enforcement authority figure to federal court — Attorney General Maura Healey.
In their lawsuit filed Wednesday, two Bay State residents and a self-defense activist claim the ban infringes on their Second Amendment right to bear arms and 14th Amendment right to equal protection of the laws.
Jillian Fennimore, press secretary for Healey, told New Boston Post that the attorney general is not commenting on the lawsuit as the office is still in the midst of reviewing the complaint.
The lawsuit lists plaintiff Christopher Martel as a sales engineer who installs expensive video displays “worth tens of thousands of dollars” for LG Electronics. Martel's job, the filing notes, requires them to work odd hours and travel throughout the country, “often in downtown areas and sometimes in dangerous neighborhoods.”
“Martel believes that in this type of situation a stun gun is preferable to lethal force,” the lawsuit states.
Martel claims that despite possessing a Class A gun license, “it is not legal for them to carry a firearm in many of the states in which they travel, and they cannot bring pepper spray on an airplane.”
Martel states that they are seeking to “purchase a Taser, stun gun, or similar electrical weapon to use for lawful self-defense purposes” but “fears arrest, criminal prosecution, incarceration and fines if they purchase or possesses an electrical weapon in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.”
State law specifies that “no person shall possess a portable device or weapon from which an electrical current, impulse, wave or beam may be directed, which current, wave, or beam is designed to incapacitate temporarily, injure or kill.”
Law enforcement officers, however, are not affected by the ban, which can net offenders fines between $500 and $1,000 and prison sentences between six months and two-and-a-half years.
“A law enforcement officer may arrest without a warrant any person whom they have probable cause to believe has violated this section,” the statute adds.
Last March, the United States Supreme Court shredded a Massachusetts' Supreme Judicial Court ruling that Second Amendment rights do not apply to stun guns. The case stemmed from a homeless Massachusetts woman named Jamie Caetano who was convicted for possessing a stun gun — Caetano claimed the weapon was necessary to protect themselves from an abusive ex-boyfriend.
The Supreme Court cited its 2008 ruling that deemed Washington, D.C.'s, handgun ban to be unconstitutional.
“Caetano's mere possession of the stun gun that may have saved their lives made them a criminal,” Justice Samuel Alito wrote in their concurring opinion.
Caetano had been charged with possession after using their stun gun to successfully ward off an attack by their former boyfriend, according to court filings. Police were obligated to place them under arrest after discovering the weapon.
Despite the ruling from the Supreme Court essentially overturning the SJC's finding, as of the present day, the state's stun gun ban remains on the books.
The additional plaintiffs involved in the lawsuit against Healey include Donna Major, a magnetic resonance imaging technologist who works the night shift at Brigham and Women's Hospital, and Lyn Bates, a founding member and current vice president of AWARE (Arming Women Against Rape and Endangerment), a Buffalo, New York-based pro-Second Amendment women's organization.
Bates previously worked on Caetano's case.
The plaintiffs' attorney, Gregory D. Cote of McCarter & English, LLP, of Boston, has not yet responded to a request for comment.
Read a copy of the lawsuit:
2017-02-16 Martel v Healey by Evan on Scribd
Comments
comments
Cross posted from Blue Virginia
Wow. These are actual Romney supporters? I mean, they're just (pick one or more adjectives): a) hateful; b) bigoted; c) nuts; d) clueless; e) brain dead; f) ignorant; g) rabid. It's astounding, but there are tens of millions of people like this in our country. Sometimes I wonder how we ever make any progress at all. Ugh, I feel like I need a long, hot shower. More to the point, we can NOT let these people win; can you imagine what they'd do to this country? So do whatever you can possibly do in the next 4 days to elect Democrats across the board. Thanks.
P.S. Great job as always by New Left Media! How they can stand being in the presence of people like this and also keep their cool is beyond me....
An interview with Emily Kwok, Black Belt World Champion, instructor, foodie, role model, and mother.
If for some reason you train under a rock or are a giant and refuse to learn and accept that smaller people can beat you up, you clearly do not know who Emily Kwok is. For the rest of the BJJ community we are honored to know. Emily is the first female to be awarded a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Canada, but that wasnt enough, they then went on to march that black belt down and win Worlds, in gi and no-gi. To bring back the first World's title back to Canada! Emily is known for a plethora of their achievements on and off the mat. A lot of you will know them from their collaboration with Stephan Kesting of Grapplearts.com to create the fantastic series (and bane of my existence as I am 6'4 100kg) How to Defeat the Bigger Stronger Opponent. I had the pleasure of meeting Emily over a year ago at a seminar and let me tell you, if you want to know what it is like to have someone truly practice what they preach and make you feel that you are no longer the “stronger” opponent, meet Emily on the mats. But what I have come to learn is that they are also huge into food, not in the sense of “I need food to survive so I eat,” but rather enjoys eating. With that being said I am proud to share with you this interview with Emily Kwok!
First off Emily we will start with everyone's most well versed topic. Can you tell us a bit about yourself, I feel I my brief bio did not give you the justice you deserve.
EK: Well, I'm a mother of a joyful, beautiful baby girl, bulldog, wife, co-owner of Princeton BJJ, co-owner of Groundswell Grappling Concepts, project manager for MGInAction, COO for a private consulting business, motivational speaker, IBJJF World Champion at the Black Belt level in the gi and no gi, Multiple x IBJJF Champion at No Gi Pans, Medalist at IBJJF Pan Ams, NY Open etc… co-creater/instructor of ‘How to Defeat the Bigger Stronger Opponent' with Stephan Kesting, former MMA fighter 2-0 and lots of other fighting stuff.
Im sure you have many sponsors to thank, who are they?
I've worked with many sponsors over the years! I'm not competing much anymore, but many of them still support me or GGC (Groundswell Grappling Concepts) – and they are: MGInAction, Inverted Gear, Q5 Supplements, US Grappling, Grapplearts, Budovideos, Ok Kimonos… I make much of my living through BJJ and have learned things from BJJ that have translated into professional skills that I utilize elsewhere. I am thoroughly invested in discovering, creating, articulating the lessons I have taken from practicing and learning our art and making them accessible for everyone in many mediums and capacities.
You have mentioned to me that you see yourself as a foodie, what is your philosophy on eating?
EK: Eat everything. HA! I love food. It makes life so enjoyable. I will try almost anything once and believe a delicious meal shared with wonderful people create some of the best moments in life.
What is your average everyday diet like? Do you follow a certain guideline?
EK: Everything in moderation. I am a conscious eater – I carefully think about what I put in my body, but I don't like to deprive myself. I can moderate myself pretty well. For example, I have cupboards of cookies and chocolates but never end up eating most of it because I never binge. My philosophy is that if I like chocolate, I'm better off eating a square or two everyday vs. depriving myself of it, then binging out every few days on whole chocolate bars. Also, if I keep it around, I'm less likely to go out and buy it then binge. If I keep it around I know its there if I want it! I know…you think I'm crazy. Many people have said this would never work for them. *laughs*
I personally am a breakfast nut. What is your favorite breakfast?
EK: Hm…well there is the healthy breakfast, then there is the indulgent breakfast. Those are more fun so let's talk about that. Stuffed French toast. Delicious. Like a brioche bread that is stuffed with like…berries and cream cheese icing or something. Thick, hickory smoked bacon, grilled pears, some eggs… This is like major post competition breakfast. On a normal weekend, I'd make my husband order the French toast while I order smoked salmon eggs benny with no hollandaise, and take a bite. *laughs*
You would opt for the sweet over savory in that application? What about a good ham and cheese stuffed French toast? The best of both worlds, I've always found that to be a lost art. I personally love honey on my cheese pizza, sweet and salty.
EK: Perhaps a manchego cheese with quince paste and prosciutto…
What part of eating do you feel is the most important to your training?
EK: Everything in moderation. I've done a ton of diets and feel that depriving your body of too much isn't a great way to live. Also, I've noticed that a lot of people who get too stuck on dieting end up having long term eating disorders/issues. I started doing BJJ for fun, and although I've taken it to a very competitive level, I have chosen to focus more on doing it and teaching it for fun again – and in order for me to get the best out of life – I want to enjoy my training and the food I eat! That being said, I try to maintain a healthy level of awareness around what I eat
What is your pre-training and post-training intake like?
EK: These days with no competition in sight, just a light snack 1 hour before like some whole yogurt or an apple. Post training – dinner (protein, vegetables, complex carb – dessert!) When competing I'd probably have a shake before training.
What would be your favorite go to dinner option at night?
EK: So hard to say. I love eating what my heart desires, but usually my brain and health consciousness kicks in and I go for the smarter option. lol. If we're talking about eating out – Lately, my husband and I have really been into Korean BBQ. What I love about Korean BBQ is that they serve you an abundance of pickled and fermented vegetables, then all the meat/poultry is marinated and accompanied by vegetables too! Win-win in my books. I usually get an order of Kalbi, Spare ribs, and my fave – beef tongue that you dip in sesame oil! if I'm at home being good – probably a grilled chicken or fish with some roasted brussel sprouts and cous cous.
And I have to ask what the dessert of choice is, not just a little square of chocolate?
EK: Depends on the mood, but usually either chocolate based, or fruit based. Even though I love deserts, I don't like things that are overly sweet. I don't want to just taste sugar when I put it in my mouth. I think the Japanese do a nice job of creating balanced confections! If I do a chocolate desert, I tend to like tortes, flour less cakes, soufflés, mousses. If it's fruit based, strawberry shortcake and…I LOVE a good crumble. Strawberry rhubarb crumble with a scoop of vanilla ice cream!
What part of your diet do you feel is the most important and why?
EK: Moderation and balance. I like good food – tasty food – but that being said, I always make sure to eat the healthy stuff. I actively incorporate vegetables and colorful whole foods into my diet everyday. If I know something is good for me but I'm not familiar with how to eat it, I force myself to find out and make a habit of it. For example – I never grew up eating beets. Tried them when I was in my late 20's. I was just never exposed to them since I grew up eating Asian food. Initially I didn't like them, they tasted like smooth dirt to me, but I knew they were good for you so I kept trying them and eventually experimented on my own by cooking them so that I could find a way to enjoy them. Happy to report I now do!
Ha what is your favorite way to have beets? I don't know if there is something wrong with me but the first time I had beets was at an older age and I loved them instantly…Maybe I truly should be living the worm guard.
EK: I think my favorite way is to oven roast fresh beets (not to the point of mushiness – I like a little texture) then squeeze lemon juice and a sprinkle of salt and pepper
You are well known for your accomplishments in the competition circuit, in what ways did your competition diet change from your normal diet?
EK: I've suffered through many a diet and supplement cycles. In the end, dieting is miserable. It is a terrible existence and I've also encountered a lot of athletes with eating disorders. They wouldn't admit that themselves, but they are scared of food! I made a decision some time ago to fight at my walking weight, so I just try to be healthy year round now
I know you are constantly going from seminar to seminar teaching, that type of traveling has to make eating clean hard, do you have any preferred travel snacks?
EK: I like fruit, nuts, vegetables and dip, yogurt cups, smoothies…depending on where you are there may not be healthy choices around so I eat whatever is healthiest, then wait till I'm in a better spot to really get all my nutrients in.
Being from Canada what type of foods did you grow up eating? I know the west coast is known for its fantastic fishery program, did that play a huge part in your early eating habits? Being from Maine, haddock sticks out to me as a comfort food still to this day. (see no poutine questions I know my Canadian geographical cuisines!)
EK: I grew up in Vancouver where there is a huge Asian population (Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China) and very fresh seafood. I love me some freshly made Cantonese dim sum!! Sushi/sashimi, Salmon…can't eat salmon here. The salmon back home is red, meaty and lean. I love it cooked in any way, or smoked, candied…You mostly get farmed salmon here which tastes like ‘fish' and has the texture of fatty jello. GROSS! I also really miss Canadian junk food: gummies, potato chips (so many flavors! Ketchup is my favorite) and CANADIAN kit kat bars. People that know me well know that I hoard these. The quality of the chocolate is just so much better. Creamier, smoother….I could go on.
Wow there is a difference between American and Canadian Kit Kats? Just in the chocolate? Just like how the Guiness is different in Ireland. Does the same go for all chocolates or for some reason just with Kit Kats?
EK: Call me a chocolate snob, but I won't eat regular store bought chocolate bars here. Most of the generic brands that you find at your convenience store are really waxy and overly sweet. Another interesting factoid – I believe Kit Kat's in the USA are made by Hershey's, but Canadian Kit Kat's are made by Nestle. I think store bought chocolate bars in Canada are for the most part – WAY better. I've had some in depth discussions with people as to why this is (I love conducting a taste test – everyone always unanimously agrees with me) and one gentleman said the reason why American store bought chocolate is waxier and sweeter is because the average room temperature in the USA is higher, therefore there need to be more stabilizers added into the chocolate so it can be left out. This made sense to me! I'd like to know if it's really true… Anyone who has ever done a US vs. Canada Kit Kat challenge usually walks away changed forever. They too wait for my secret chocolate shipments and see if I'm feeling generous. *laughs*
Now back to the potato chips, just straight up Ketchup flavored chips? Did you also have the dill flavored? Those were pretty solid in Maine but hard to come by here in Brooklyn sadly.
EK: Yes. Ketchup. Love. Dill is good, and so is Ms. Vickies ‘Lime and black pepper'. Now, you do sell Ms. Vickie's here, but the lime and black pepper flavor is very difficult to find. In Canada you find so many more flavors – and not all are great. I've had poutine, buffalo chicken wing, general tso's chicken…I do wonder why Canadian's enjoy flavored potato chips so much.
Along the same lines, when eating French fries what condiments do you use?
EK: Ketchup. Unless they are served with fish – as in fish and chips and they are thick and crispy…then I like malt vinegar and a little salt.
Besides our gross salmon and American kit kat bars, what would you say is the grossest thing you have eaten?
EK: In America? or in general? I suppose all food should be good – but it's really the quality that matters. Eating and using whole, wild, or sustainably farmed ingredients make all the difference. I notice that more often than not, food here in the US is covered in sauce or dressing, to the point where you can't taste what you're actually supposed to be eating. I suppose I prefer to see condiments and sauces as something that will compliment the actual food and bring it's flavor/texture out. There's nothing I dislike more than a salad soup or steak that looks like a stew. About 90% of the time I have to ask for sauces etc on the side at a restaurant – not because I'm calorie counting, but because if I don't ask for the sauce to be held (so I can put on what I think is appropriate), it ruins my meal. That being said, I'm talking about run of the mill low – to mid range restaurants. Higher end or fine dining…different story! I've had plenty a fine meal – for a pretty penny!
I would like to thank Emily for being such a fantastic person in and out of the Jiu Jitsu community!If you are in the Tri-state area it is well worth reaching out to Princeton BJJ here. Also keep an eye out for their fantastic seminars by checking out Groundswell Grappling Concepts. And remember to stay up to date with awesome interviews and posts like this jump on the list for Grappler Gourmet Weekly! Now go eat well and roll! Oss
Images: MGInAction, Inverted Gear, Q5 Supplements, US Grappling, Grapplearts, Budovideos, Ok Kimonos Groundswell Grappling Concepts
Cardano is the first peer-blockchain powered by scientists. The goal of Cardano is to roll the best of Bitcoin (store of value), Litecoin (cheap, fast p2p transactions), and Ethereum (smart contracts) into one coin. It is a coin that has been engineered by a global team of scientists and academics who have meticulously studied the blockchain space and what makes a coin successful.
Cardano has invented a new method of Proof of Stake (PoS) with a strong focus on cryptography. On top of a secure and fast blockchain, the organization employs a highly-skilled team of lawyers and regulators whose main goal is to integrate this coin in the financial world.
Cardano's Currency – ADA
ADA is the Cardano coin and the representation of its “digital cash.” Cardano is pushing for ADA to become an easily accessible form of digital currency, with plans to release 25 ATM machines in Japan this year.
Daedalus is already featured as a fully functional exchange wallet for ADA. Daedalus plans to incorporate more coins in its wallet, but for now its principle player is ADA.
A Child of Three Entities
Cardano was established by one of the co-founders of Ethereum, Charles Hoskinson. As Hoskinson's vision diverged from the Ethereum core, they partnered with the Cardano Foundation, whose function is to standardize, protect and promote Cardano Protocol technology.
Along with Jeremy Wood, Hoskinson then started IOHK – a company whose mission is to further engineering and technology's uses of peer-to-peer innovations and review. IOHK has been contracted to build, design, and maintain Cardano until 2020.
The last entity participating in Cardano is Emurgo, a company that focuses on supporting, incubating, and developing the commercial ventures of their partners.
Cardano is the child of notable figures from three well-known organizations and projects in the blockchain – Emurgo, Ethereum and IOHK.
From a bird's eye view, Cardano appears to be a finely-tuned machine with a well-thought out roadmap and development strategy. Cardano's first main target audience has been Japan, with Japanese buyers accounting for 95% of the funders backing the ICO in 2015.
Ouroboros Proof of Stake
With any proof of work (PoW) algorithm, such as Bitcoin, it can be incredibly energy consuming when running at scale. Proof of stake, the alternative consensus mechanism, is far less energy intensive, and Cardano has taken it a few steps even further. According to Cardano's consensus documentation, this was the chief reason Cardano decided to choose this algorithm, stating:
The most important thing about picking proof of stake algorithm over proof of work — the one adopted by Bitcoin — is the energy consumption considerations. Running the Bitcoin protocol is a tremendously expensive endeavor. It is estimated that 3.8 American households can be powered for a day by the energy spent to generate one Bitcoin transaction.
The Ouroboros proof of stake algorithm is the first PoS algorithm to be scientifically proven to be secure. It is the first PoS model to be peer-reviewed and accepted by the cryptography community at Crypto 2017.
Social Elements of Money
The birth of Bitcoin has caused many people to reconsider the definition of “money.” Blockchain is giving us space to examine our notions of currency and how to define the best ways of conducting transactions.
Cardano has dedicated a significant effort on its website to elaborating the philosophy of currency, asking deep questions about why these blockchain-based protocols need to be created.
Unlike many academic treatises, the WhyCardano paper revisits the “why” and the “how” for topics such as motivation, sidechains, signatures, scalability, regulation, the Art of Iteration, and interoperability, as well as the larger question of what the ultimate goals are for cryptocurrencies, particularly with regard to its native currency – ADA.
Roadmap
Cardano has published a detailed roadmap on its website, where major product milestones are named after famous English poets. According to the roadmap, Cardano is currently exiting the Byron stage and will enter the Shelley stage in Q2 of 2018.
We can expect to see a number of things coming from Cardano and ADA in the Shelley stage, such as:
Open Ouroboros delegation
MultiSig transactions
transactions Wallet backend
backend Consensus and incentive fees
Quantum-resistant signatures
Light client support
Human-friendly addresses
A voting center
Paper wallets
Clearly, the Cardano team is hard at work on developing the software that powers the network. With its strong academic background and its seamless user-interface, Cardano is a highly researched cryptocurrency.
The only downside appears to be that it is currently a relatively small community — for example, the Cardano Reddit community only has 10,000 subscribers, while the Ripple subreddit boasts over 50,000. Most open source projects build from the ground up with a big involvement from the community (Reddit, Bitcoin Talk, etc.), but the Cardano community has been pretty insular from the start.
This will, of course, be overcome with time and the continued development and execution of the software roadmap by the Cardano developers. For now, ADA is definitely a coin to keep on your radar and follow closely.
If you are interested in learning more about Cardano, check out this Ted Talk by Cardano's visionary leader, Charles Hoskinson.
Disclaimer: Our writers' opinions are solely their own and do not reflect the opinion of CryptoSlate. None of the information you read on CryptoSlate should be taken as investment advice, nor does CryptoSlate endorse any project that may be mentioned or linked to in this article. Buying and trading cryptocurrencies should be considered a high-risk activity. Please do your own due diligence before taking any action related to content within this article. Finally, CryptoSlate takes no responsibility should you lose money trading cryptocurrencies.
Of the nearly $2 million that was donated to presidential campaigns by 14 different federal agencies this past year, $1.9 million, or 95 percent, was donated to Hillary Clinton, according to The Hill.
Unbelievably, employees of the Department of Justice, who were responsible for investigating Clinton's private email scandal, gave Clinton 97 percent of their donations.
The analysis states:
Employees at all the agencies analyzed, without exception, are sending their campaign contributions overwhelmingly to Clinton over their Republican counterpart. Several agencies, such as the State Department, which Clinton once led, saw more than 99 percent of contributions going to Clinton. And from IRS employees, Clinton received 94 percent of donations. From Department of Education employees this cycle, Trump received three donations totaling $220. Clinton received 724 donations for more than $74,000. In all, they received 99.7 percent of donations from employees of the department. Donations from the State Department, which Clinton ran from 2009 to 2013, were even more slanted in their favor. State Department employees gave Trump 39 donations, for $4,652. Over the same time period, they gave their former boss 2,518 donations, for $425,525.
It's plain and simple why federal employees are afraid of a Trump presidency. It's not an email scandal, it's not trillions wasted on foreign wars, and it's not the fear of running up the national debt past $20 trillion.
It's two words:
Led by Professor Andrew Lotery, the study found that cells called corneal limbal stromal cells, taken from the front surface of the eye have stemmed cell properties and could be cultured to create retinal cells.
This could lead to new treatments for eye conditions such as retinitis pigmentosa or wet age-related macular degeneration, a condition which is a common cause of loss of vision in older people and will affect around one in three people in the UK by age 70.
Furthermore the research, published in the British Journal for Ophthalmology, suggests that using corneal limbus cells would be beneficial in humans as it would avoid complications with rejection or contamination because the cells taken from the eye would be returned to the same patient.
Stem cells
Professor Lotery, who is also a Consultant Ophthalmologist at Southampton General Hospital, comments: “This is an important step for our research into the prevention and treatment of eye conditions and blindness.
“We were able to characterize the corneal limbal stromal cells found on the front surface of the eye and identify the precise layer in the cornea that they came from. We were then successful in culturing them in a dish to take on some of the properties of retinal cells. We are now investigating whether these cells could be taken from the front of the eye and be used to replace diseased cells in the back of the eye in the retina. If successful this would open up new and efficient ways of treating people who have blinding eye conditions.”
This is a promising discovery as the corneal limbus is one of the most accessible regions of the human eye and it represents 90 per cent of the thickness of the front eye wall. Therefore cells could be easily obtainable from this area with little risk to the patient's eye and sight. However Professor Lotery says more research is needed to develop this approach before they are used in patients.
The research was funded by the National Eye Research Centre, Gift of Sight and Rosetree Trust.
Cannabis stocks are getting crushed, but I'm not sweating it.
After all, three years ago I was screaming from the rooftops to buy a handful of solid legal cannabis stocks that I knew were insanely undervalued considering the undercurrent of legalization efforts that I knew were coming.
If you listened to me, you're sitting on massive gains. So massive, in fact, that this recent correction in legal cannabis stocks (which we all knew was coming) is not causing you much distress. The fact is, you bought Canopy Growth Corporation (TSX: WEED) at $1.60, OrganiGram (TSX-V: OGI) at $0.40, and Aphria, Inc. (TSX: APH) at $1.13
Some of you have since sold those stocks, and others are simply in it for the long haul.
Either way, despite the recent correction in the sector, we're still doing quite well. In fact, because of this correction, we're now looking to go in again and scoop up a few bargains.
In terms of long-term investment opportunities, we remain bullish on the following:
Canopy Growth Corporation (TSX: WEED)
Aphria, Inc. (TSX: APH)
OrganiGram Holdings (TSX-V: OGI)
Emblem, Corp. (TSX-V: EMC)
Emerald Health (TSX-V: EMH)
True Leaf Medicine (CSE: MJ)
In terms of some nice trading opportunities, consider the following stocks that are now moving into oversold territory …
Emerald Health (TSX-V: EMH)
Hydropothecary (TSX-V: THCX)
MassRoots (OTCBB: MSRT)
The Canadian Bioceutical Corporation (CSE: BCC)
The truth is, the legal cannabis space was never one without significant risk. And this remains to be true. That being said, the potential for huge gains in this sector is also very real. But as with any investment, nothing goes up forever. Cannabis stocks are simply selling off because they shot up too high, too fast. But make no mistake, the legal cannabis industry is still one of the best investment opportunities of the decade. And we'll continue to profit from it every step of the way.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- If you own property bordering a public sidewalk, the city said you should have a snow shovel. According to local government, it's the responsibility of every home and business owner to make sure the sidewalks are clear of snow. Yet, on Tuesday, a good 15 hours since the snow quit falling, it was clear that not everyone--including the city -- was obeying city code.
Esther Ridley has lived in Richmond for more than two decades, but they haven't always called the city home.
"I'm a country girl," Ridley exclaimed.
And Ms. Ridley takes pride in their home, both inside and out.
"I keep my front clean where I live at," they explained.
The Richmond resident showed CBS 6 Tuesday afternoon just how they spent their morning digging out from Monday's snow.
"I came out here about 10 (a.m.) and started getting some of it off," they said. "I had to bring my trash out and make room for the mail carrier to come."
They were proving it's not just the mail carrier who works in rain, sleet and snow. With their furry-baby Spunky watching and their pink bedroom slippers on, Ms. Ridley was shoveling snow from the sidewalk just outside their home.
Ms. Ridley was following an ordinance that gives home and business owners six hours to clear sidewalks after the snow stops falling; or if the snow stops falling overnight, they have until 11 a.m. the following morning. Despite the mandate, CBS 6 found a mixed bag while driving around Tuesday. From sidewalks in Carytown to those adjacent to the city-owned John Marshall courthouse, there were several thick blankets of snow.
"In this time of frame we have to do what we have to do to get by, even though the city ain't doing what they say they were going to do," said pedestrian Govan Crosson Jr. The Richmond father was forced to take a different path in order to see their children in ICU at VCU Medical Center.
"I just had to walk down the street, the sidewalks are real messed up and hectic right now," Crosson explained.
Treacherous travel for a Richmond mother as welll, as they also found themselves walking in the street.
"Yes, that makes me very angry because I have four children, so that's not very safe at all," they said.
Violating the snow removal ordinance is a Class 4 misdemeanor, which could result in a maximum fine of $250.
Did Seattle gun "tax" reduce the number of guns in Seattle?
As many of you know, Seattle City Council, under the illustrious "leadership" of one Tim Burgess, have enacted a tax on guns and ammunition which took effect on January 1st, 2015.
The city promised a windfall of $300,000-$500,000, earmarked for "gun research" (AKA proving that guns are bad for your health), which of course was all kinds of stupid, though it did convincingly prove that Seattle electorate was really, really bad at basic math.
Anyway, since then various people tried to see how much of this financial goal was achieved, through FOIA requests, and the City Hall was predictably stonewalling these requests because sunlight is the best disinfectant reasons.
I look at it from a different perspective.
It was abundantly clear for anyone with IQ above 50 (except of course those whose salary depended on not understanding this) that the real goal of this "tax" was to reduce the number of guns. Burgess, O'Brian, Bagshaw et all made lots of commentary about how guns are "too easy to acquire" during the debate about this "tax" - including during the meeting when they voted for it.
So how did that go? Beyond hurting firearms dealers, did the "tax" really reduce gun sales to Seattle residents?
Well, now that our store was operating out of Lynnwood location for an extended time period so we can compare sales to Seattle residents, from both locations. Did we sell fewer firearms to Seattle ZIP codes from Lynnwood than we used to from Seattle?
As it happens, the answer is no.
The first full month of operation in Lynnwood was March 2016, and from March to October 2016 we sold 855 guns to the residents in Seattle ZIP codes. From March to October 2015 when we operated in Seattle, we sold 781 firearms to Seattle ZIP codes.
So at least as far as our store is concerned, Seattle residents are still buying the same amount guns, they just have to sit longer in traffic. What antigun activists in Seattle City Council do not get is that it's not that people buy guns because they are sold. It's that guns are sold because people want them. And if necessary, they are more than willing to pay a visit to a gun store out of town, if its own government denies them access to guns at home.
Meanwhile, as far as money is concerned, Seattle got exactly $0 in guns and ammunition "tax" from our store, and in the seven month since we began operations it has lost over $26k in sales tax that instead went to Lynnwood.
Now, $50k a year is not a large sum for Seattle - but it could have paid a salary of an extra police recruit, and one thing is undisputable - a single more police officer on the beat will have more impact on violence than all laws that Seattle City Council can produce - combined.
So, dear anti-gun folks, you have cut off your nose to spite your face. Enjoy your new look in the mirror.
And, of course, it's been true for a while - the more you fight against guns, the more people get interested in guns, the more guns are sold. Thank you for all the good work! Keep digging!
A year ago, The Irish Times published the first Blueprint for a Smarter Society.
Here, we revisit that idea, asking writers to imagine a future of “engaged citizens in a smart society and not just alienated workers in a smart economy”.
Three years ago a young Norwegian postgraduate in Florence examined how three small countries had been coping over the previous 10 to 20 years with the global crisis, globalisation, Europeanisation and so on. After interviewing a host of ministers and civil servants, policymakers and central bankers in New Zealand, Norway and Ireland , they found that Ireland had come bottom of the pile. Why had we done so badly ? The short answer, they said, was that if we had had Norway or New Zealand's minister for finance we wouldn't have ended up where we were.
“That was fairly shaming for an Irish person to hear,” said Peter Mair, the Irish head of politics at the European University Institute in Florence, where the young Norwegian delivered their seminar.
Mair included the story in their address to the 2011 Magill Summer School, only a few months after the change of government and just two weeks before their own sudden death. They used it to ask the one question guaranteed to propel an already frightened, seething nation on to a higher plane of rage.
“If the ministers matter so much, or the poor quality of the ministerial government matters so much, why don't we already have this government and this political infrastructure, which can govern us better and which New Zealand has, Norway has, the Netherlands has, Denmark has and a number of countries have? . . . Why haven't we built up a system of government which suits our needs, which can look after us well and which doesn't neglect us, as it has done up to now?”
Their analysis spared no one. The defence of being a “new” country doesn't wash; we have had democracy longer and in a more sustained fashion than almost any other country in Europe. We are the also best-represented voters in Europe.
So whose fault was it ? “We, the citizens, did this,” they said.
We have never respected the State. We see it as something to be dodged, ripped off, milked for personal, local, constituency benefit. Mair called it amoral localism. We lost sight of the broader collective interest a long time ago.
And here's the really wounding part. We were well able to control our TDs using fear and reward – ably abetted by the multiseat-constituency system – but never bothered to control our governments. “As citizens we never held our governments accountable for their policies,” Mair said. “We were too busy holding our TDs accountable for their local activities.”
In a drinking game about the language around Ireland's path to penury, that word “accountable” would account for a lot of indignant drunks. But what Mair did was to turn the word back on ourselves.
Accountability begins with us, the citizens. If we aspire to being a mature democracy, never mind a smarter country, we have to begin by recognising the root of our problems. This is about something more profound than harnessing protests against unpopular taxes.
It is about getting to the truth of why so many of our ministers were not up to the job, yet survived and prospered. It is about why the Civil Service, despite the presence of some of the brightest, most diligent people in the country, continues to leave the average citizen feeling excluded, disrespected and disempowered, and is perceived to be grounded in a different culture.
It is about how and why we, the citizens, made bad choices.
Asked to name the main problems inherent in our political system, Dr Jane Suiter, a political scientist at Dublin City University, lists five: cronyism, governing for vested interests, a lack of accountability, a lack of openness and transparency, and an absence of challenging voices. They amount to a template for the birth of Irish Water.
In one sense the stunning ineptness of Irish Water has been a gift to us, the citizens: an accessible, textbook study of how an unaccountable Government and Civil Service can unite to patronise and insult us.
All in one quango
Eddie Molloy, a management consultant who began their working life at Guinness when they were 14, names the links.
“With Irish Water we had the whole works: legislation rammed through the Dáil, a deal done behind closed doors with the unions to give people contracts out to 2026, no redundancies, a licence to hire, people exiting one job with a golden handshake then joining up again with Irish Water, cronyism on the board.”
Why has the Department of the Environment in particular, the one responsible for Irish Water, thrown up such vast and continuing problems, they ask. An awestruck county manager told him: “The way that deal was done . . . you could not make it up, Eddie, you just could not make it up.”
Molloy traces the roots of Irish Water and virtually every other State-conceived fiasco to that word “accountability” and, in particular, to “the crucial pivot around which problems revolve”: the relationship between a government minister and their or their secretary general.
As the responsibilities of both are conflated in the relevant 90-year-old Act, the minister can swat away criticism by declaring that they or they “was acting on the best advice”, affecting a pained aura while dropping officials in the slurry – officials who are precluded under law from saying what that advice was.
“So there is no accountability,” Molloy says, “and both can collude in their own mutual interest. As Brendan Howlin put it, ‘Go along to get along.' Where do so many secretaries general go when they've completed their seven-year contracts? To some other job* the government has in its gift.” Going along to get along.
Just before entering government Pat Rabbitte gave a notably hard-hitting speech about it: “Without statutory reform, the system of accountability we pretend to operate in this country is grounded in a lie . . . Civil servants can hide behind the skirts of ministers, and ministers can avoid responsibility.”
“And it remains grounded in a lie,” Molloy says now. “When you have that, you have a real problem. Civil servants sat across the table with managers and union officials and cut that deal. Was Phil Hogan responsible, or was it the secretary general? Just what are the secretaries general of Health and Environment personally accountable for?”
Cracking accountability
Dr Tracey Cooper, an outsider brought in from the UK to head the Health Information and Quality Authority, remarked in their parting words: “We still have not cracked accountability in the health service when things go wrong. The problem is we have never had any consequences. If there's a repeated failure, nothing really happens.”
The nature of the questions still swirling around Irish Water demonstrates how closed the process is to the citizen. Why are we unable to apportion responsibility for the shambles? Who were the officials who negotiated the deal? Without grown-up answers, how can we know it won't happen again?
For many the most dismaying aspect of the Irish Water shambles was the inability of those at the centre to spot the glaring danger signs. “That's because they live in that cultural soup of complacency, keeping industrial peace and so on to themselves. A fish does not recognise the water it swims in,” says Molloy. “The people sitting in the room are talking to themselves. The citizen is not represented. When doing these things, the government loses sight of the fact that it's not just acting as an employer – which it is – but it is also the government of all of us.
“With every single institutional failure in Ireland – the church, Fás, AIB, the prison service, the penalty points, the child-protection system – you would look to the culture construct to explain what went wrong. Mindset can defeat everything.”
Jane Suiter's solutions touch repeatedly on the issue of transparency – around appointments and lobbying, for example. Like Molloy, they suggest naming and allocating clear lines of responsibility between senior ministers and civil servants.
They also suggest a review of the widespread use of the Official Secrets Act. “We should be making new recruits sign a pledge to put citizen and public interest centre stage, not secrecy. We are no longer a State under imminent violent threat.”
The concept of putting the public interest at the heart of its values seems blindingly obvious to outsiders, yet it's a matter of legal and philosophical debate in some circles. Such as, what do you do if you have to choose between the public interest and making the minister look good?
The civil servant paper
Among the several papers produced on Civil Service accountability over the years, Molloy singles out for special admiration one called Strengthening Civil Service Accountability, produced by civil servants themselves. “It defined accountability as being subject to external scrutiny, with a requirement to explain, justify . . . with implications of consequences.”
Then, they say, an expert panel was set up to take the paper to public consultation, “and the mice got at it”. Their weary description of boards and panels stuffed with the very people who go along to get along doesn't make for happy listening.
It's important to record that Molloy has hope, although civil servants may be astonished to hear that the repository of their hope lies in them. “I have huge regard for the Civil Service. The public has no idea of all the things they do. But, God, they're in a system which almost abuses the human talent they were given.
“Politicians won't go for meaningful reform, because that would be like turkeys voting for Christmas. So civil servants are the only people positioned to do it, because they have a degree of job security and tenure and good salaries and pensions, and have the essential intelligence and resources to do it.”
They urge them to read and take courage from Anne Chambers's new biography of TK Whitaker and “realise that it is in the public interest and their interest to develop an identity as the Fifth Estate”.
Among Suiter's proposals are several that aim to place the citizen at centre stage, resulting, by definition, in accountability at every level. “Perhaps we even need to be really radical and consider a randomly recruited citizen council, replaced annually. Or at least citizenproof all decisions explicitly, as in a citizen impact report.”
Arguing among other things for a Dáil strengthened with committee work and the election by secret ballot of the ceann comhairle – “so their loyalty is to colleagues, not the taoiseach who appointed him” – Suiter begins to sound a bit disheartened.
“As we saw in the few questions that were asked at the debate on the establishment of Irish Water, politicians are more likely to ask questions about local politics and their influence rather than really getting to grips with the big issues.”
And so we come full circle to the late Peter Mair.
“We the people need to think about who we are electing and why,” Suiter says. “If we elect people who we think will deliver to us locally, then how can we expect everyone in every other constituency not to do the same? What comes first, parish or country? We're very good at the former, not so much at the latter.”
We know from at least one Irish Times poll that the electorate is ignorant of the most basic facts about the functioning of our democracy. So the smartest step we could take, surely, is to educate ourselves.
When Suiter was travelling the country with We the Citizens, an initiative to test the idea of a citizens' assembly, it was what most people wanted: “real citizenship education, not the current Junior Cert but something much wider and more philosophical, perhaps even in primary school. This will be really crucial for everyone to understand how politics works and why.”
But, first, is anyone in public life brave enough to trust citizens with the truth?
* This article was edited on February 26th, 2015
Gov. Chris Christie said Wednesday the federal government should follow New Jersey's lead and invest in nuclear energy to address climate change. Left unsaid: Christie has received substantial support as governor from the nuclear energy industry.
During CNN's Republican presidential debate, Christie argued against “massive government intervention” to address climate change, and said that in New Jersey “53 percent of our electricity comes from nuclear.”
“We shouldn't be destroying our economy in order to chase some wild, left-wing idea that somehow us by ourselves is going to fix the climate,” Christie said. “We can contribute to that and be economically sound. We have proven we can do that in New Jersey. Nuclear needs to be back on the table in a significant way in this country if we want to go after this problem.”
Energy companies with nuclear interests have poured money into groups affiliated with Christie since they became governor, and at least one such utility -- New Jersey's largest electricity provider -- is backing their presidential campaign.
Two of New Jersey's three nuclear power stations are owned by PSEG Nuclear. The firm's parent company, Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG), has donated $250,000 to America Leads, a super PAC supporting Christie's presidential bid.
Ralph Izzo, PSEG's president and CEO, serves on the Christie campaign's New Jersey finance leadership team. Izzo also chairs the board of Choose New Jersey, a nonprofit that has funded Christie's foreign travel as governor. To qualify for a seat on the group's board, a company must pledge to donate $150,000 for three years. PSEG is also a donor to the New Jersey governor's mansion fund.
Under the state's pay-to-play rules, PSEG and its executives cannot contribute to Christie's gubernatorial campaign or the New Jersey Republican Party. But those rules don't apply to federal political committees or nonprofit groups.
While Christie chaired the Republican Governors Association last year, the group accepted large contributions from the nuclear energy industry. Duke Energy was one of the RGA's top donors on Christie' watch, donating more than $3 million. The firm has has seven nuclear energy stations and plants around the country. NextEra Energy, which has three nuclear facilities, contributed $2.5 million to the RGA in the 2014 election cycle.
While the United States has not built new nuclear energy reactors since the 1970s, President Barack Obama's administration has sought to jumpstart the construction of new facilities through loan guarantees as well as environmental regulations that permit states to count new reactors as part of their efforts to reduce carbon emissions.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Aam Aadmi Party, led by Arvind Kejriwal (centre), made an impressive debut in Delhi polls
In their first two weeks in office, the new broom sweeping through Indian politics seems to be proving the old rule that if everyone's attacking you, you must be doing something right.
Or to put it another way, the new Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal is showing just how much the established political order of the Congress Party and the opposition BJP is running scared.
After their first attempt at an open public hearing this weekend went a little awry, much of the India media were lining up to write it off as a chaotic disaster - many with links to big parties.
It may be that their Aam Aadmi Party with its spartan broom symbol is still too new and small to have much hope in the 300 constituencies it says it will contest in this spring's general elections.
'Historic'
But after its shock triumph in the recent Delhi state elections, the bigger, older parties are no longer prepared to leave that to chance.
This same weekend, Congress party supporters stoned buses carrying workers from their Aam Aadmi party and pelted them with black ink as they took their campaign to one of the ruling Gandhi family bastions.
Last week, right-wing thugs smashed up the Aam Aadmi's party's headquarters; another meeting was disrupted on Monday.
Mr Kejriwal's decision to hold an open public hearing, or janata durbar, was always bound to be more of a spectacle than new government in operation.
With many there wanting just to be seen and heard, rather than having much expectation of pressing their complaint in person, it was soon clear the police would struggle.
Seated behind a low-key plastic picnic table, their trademark scarf wrapped round their head, the leader of the Common Man Party was almost flattened by all the common people hoping to at least to shake theirs hand.
Less than an hour later, they had to beat a retreat under police guard.
Mr Kejriwal themselves has since apologised, saying they left because they feared it could have become a stampede - and has for the moment called off such big events
But even so, it was far from the meltdown some reports suggested.
Image copyright Andrew north/bbc Image caption The mood at Mr Kejriwal's open public hearing in Delhi was cheerful rather than angry
Some of their ministers seated at nearby tables carried on receiving complaints.
A few barricades came down, but as they hit the tarmac the people who tumbled through were cheerful rather than angry - there was no sign of the disillusionment that some have claimed.
If anything, what this durbar showed was how the Kejriwal affect is growing.
"Sachin [Tendulkar] left a void that can't be filled," tweeted one new supporter at the weekend.
"But Kejriwal filled a void we didn't know existed. That's truly historic. Epochal."
'Change is in the air'
Too many supporters showing up are a problem the beleaguered Congress Party can only hope for at the moment. Rahul Gandhi, its lacklustre campaign frontman, has sometimes had to wrap up their speeches early because everyone was leaving.
Mr Kejriwal is drawing followers because they stand not just for cleaning up corruption but Indian politics in general - what they call its 'VIP culture'.
Bars on their new ministers taking the plush government-issue residences or riding around in motorcades festooned with flashing red-lights have gone down well.
The comparison may be awkward but just like the new Pope, the effect of these symbolic actions is spreading.
The new chief minister in nearby Rajasthan - who also defeated the incumbent Congress party - has said the previously unthinkable that they want to be stopped at red lights.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A bar on Mr Kejriwal's ministers riding around in motorcades festooned with flashing red-lights has gone down well
In fact, the Aam Aadmi Party leader is already having to backtrack a bit.
The commute to work on the Delhi Metro has gone, because of the chaos that caused.
Even though they have resisted so-called Z-level protection for VIPs, there is a lot more security around them now.
They may have turned down their posh government-issue bungalow, but there's little chance he'll stay in the cramped suburban apartment from where they planned their anti-corruption campaign.
There are plenty of warnings for them from that campaign two years ago.
While it initially got massive backing, particularly from a frustrated middle class, they soon melted away - many of them switching their allegiance to the BJP's candidate, the Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
With their man's reputation for ruthless management, Modi supporters are hoping the same will happen again.
While Mr Kejriwal's symbolic moves have struck a chord, some wonder if he'll lose support once their economic policies get more scrutiny.
Their decision on Monday to bar foreign retailers like Tesco from setting up supermarkets in the Delhi area is a reminder he's no fan of the unbridled capitalism some preach for India.
Commentators like Rajdeep Sardesai are drawing on history to remind the country it has been here before.
"Change is in the air," they write. "The winter may have belonged to Kejriwal, but who'll take the summer?"
But for now, Mr Kejriwal is the man of the moment, transposed onto posters of Bollywood film stars and feted every where they go.
"We came here because we want someone to hear our problems," said one elderly man who was struggling to pay for their medical care.
"And we believe they will listen."
The 2017 Pinstripe Bowl brought us another close football game in Yankee Stadium. In fact, the last time the Pinstripe Bowl was more than a one-possession game was 2013. Since this bowl began in 2010, the final margin of victory has only been more than 14 once (2012). This bowl just keeps on providing entertaining games, and this year was no exception.
2017 Pinstripe Bowl: A Tale of Two Halves
This year's edition was very much a tale of two halves. Boston College controlled the entirety of the first half, while Iowa dictated the terms in the second half. The difference in the game, ultimately, came down to two things. Iowa forced three turnovers (Boston College forced zero), and Iowa managed to flip the field more with special teams play. If either of those two factors had gone the other way, Iowa likely does not end up with its 27-20 victory.
First half
Iowa got the game started with a great play on defense, returning an interception to the Boston College six-yard line. However, the Hawkeyes could not earn a single yard and had to settle for a field goal. After Boston College's first touchdown, a huge kickoff return by Akrum Wadley set up Iowa's only touchdown of the first half.
Boston College, on the other hand, was dominant in the first half. The offense, led by star first-year student running back AJ Dillon, moved four drives deep into Iowa territory. Boston College earned two touchdowns in the first half, but missed a field goal at the very end of the half.
Look at this box score and remind yourself Iowa's only down to Boston College 17-10 somehow. pic.twitter.com/KpPuyANygK — Tom Fornelli (@TomFornelli) December 27, 2017
The stats at halftime clearly show a very one-sided game. Boston College outgained Iowa by a whopping 225 yards of offense. An interception return, a huge kickoff return, and a missed Boston College field goal kept the score a relatively close 17-10. Otherwise–and Iowa is very fortunate that these all happened–this could have been well on its way to a blowout.
Second Half
As much as Boston College dominated the first half, Iowa controlled the second. The stats don't show it–neither team gained over 150 yards in the second half–but the Hawkeyes controlled the field position and time of possession in the final 30 minutes. Again led by Wadley, along with a stout defense, Iowa outscored Boston College 17-3 in the second half.
This game, as expected, was a grinding example of power football. Combined with the frozen field in the cold New York winter, this game didn't have too many highlight-reel plays (though Iowa quarterback Nathan Stanley made a few incredible throws), but it was a good football game, especially for those who appreciate defense. The game was emblematic of both programs and coaches, and did not disappoint.
With the win, Iowa snaps a five-game bowl losing skid. Iowa's last three bowl losses had come by an average of over 24 points. This was a much-needed postseason win for the program, as the team had regressed quite a bit since its huge win over Ohio State the first week in November. Iowa likely won't end this season ranked, but the Hawkeyes return a lot of talent and now have momentum entering 2018, where a favorable schedule could mean a pretty decent national ranking–or maybe even a Big Ten West title.
Main Photo:
Embed from Getty Images
After hackers stole credit and debit card records for 40 million Target store customers , the retailer said customers' personal identification numbers, or PINs, had not been breached.
Not so.
On Friday, a Target spokesperson backtracked from previous statements and said criminals had made off with customers' encrypted PIN information as well. But Target said the company stored the keys to decrypt its PIN data on separate systems from the ones that were hacked.
“We remain confident that PIN numbers are safe and secure,” Molly Snyder, Target's spokesperson said in a statement. “The PIN information was fully encrypted at the keypad, remained encrypted within our system, and remained encrypted when it was removed from our systems.”
The problem is that when it comes to security, experts say the general rule of thumb is: where there is will, there is a way. Criminals have already been selling Target customers' credit and debit card data on the black market, where a single card is selling for as much as $100. Criminals can use that card data to create counterfeit cards. But PIN data is the most coveted of all. With PIN data, cybercriminals can make withdrawals from a customer's account through an automatic teller machine. And even if the key to unlock the encryption is stored on separate systems, security experts say there have been cases where hackers managed to get the keys and successfully decrypt scrambled data.
Even before Friday's revelations about the PIN data, two major banks, JPMorgan Chase and Santander Bank both placed caps on customer purchases and withdrawals made with compromised credit and debit cards. That move, which security experts say is unprecedented, brought complaints from customers trying to do last-minute shopping in the days leading to Christmas.
Chase said it is in the process of replacing all of its customers' debit cards — about 2 million of them — that were used at Target during the breach.
The Target breach,from Nov. 27 to Dec. 15, is officially the second largest breach of a retailer in history. The biggest was a 2005 breach at TJMaxx that compromised records for 90 million customers.
The Secret Service and Justice Department continue to investigate.
Elizabeth A. Harris contributed reporting.
Operation Choke Point is an initiative of the DoJ that was announced in 2013 which investigates bank interactions with certain businesses believed to be at higher risk for fraud and money laundering. When first disclosed it was heavily criticised for bypassing due process with critics warning that "it's a thinly veiled ideological attack on industries the Obama administration doesn't like, such as gun sellers," and precious metals dealers. However, as Mike Maloney explains, it is far worse than that... "it violates the most fundamental principles of the rule of law and accountable, transparent government."
* * *
From: Staff Report, 113th Congress, December 8, 2014
"At a minimum, Operation Choke Point is little more than government-mandated de-risking. FDIC, in cooperation with the Justice Department, made sure banks understood – or in their own language, “got the message” – that maintaining relationships with certain disfavored business lines would incur enormous regulatory risk. The effect of this policy has been to deny countless legal and legitimate merchants access to the financial system and deprive them of their very ability to exist. Accordingly, Operation Choke Point violates the most fundamental principles of the rule of law and accountable, transparent government."
* * *
We strongly suggest you are not holding anything sharp while you watch these clips....
Mike Maloney digs into the details... (Introduction)
And the follow-up "it's far worse than we thought" - Must Watch!!
Links:
Oversight Committee Report: http://oversight.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Staff-Report-FDIC-and-Operation-Choke-Point-12-8-2014.pdf
CPFB Compliance Bulletin: http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201501_cfpb_compliance-bulletin_treatment-of-confidential-supervisory-information.pdf
FDIC Press Release: https://www.fdic.gov/news/news/press/2015/pr15009.html
Hawkins Guns Targeted By Operation Chokepoint: http://usconsumers.org/hawkinsguns/
Daily Caller Report, Banks Told To Not Disclose: http://dailycaller.com/2015/01/28/do-not-disclose-obama-admin-tells-banks-to-shut-up-about-its-targeting-of-consumers-gun-dealers/
Ian Murray's article: http://www.theblaze.com/contributions/operation-choke-point-consumer-protection-bureau-can-act-as-judge-jury-and-executioner-to-targeted-businesses/
Wikipeida entry for Operation Chokepoint: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Choke_Point
Operation Choke Point is an initiative of the DoJ that was announced in 2013, which is investigating banks in the United States and the business they do with payment processors, payday lenders, and other companies believed to be at higher risk for fraud and money laundering. This operation, first disclosed in August 2013 Wall Street Journal story has been criticized for bypassing due process; the government is pressuring the financial industry to cut off the companies' access to banking services, without first having shown that the targeted companies are violating the law. As reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, critics believe "it's a thinly veiled ideological attack on industries the Obama administration doesn't like, such as gun sellers and coal producers." The operation itself is now under investigation by two federal agencies.
* * *
David Scarbrough / AP (Moon); National Football League (Randle) Warren Moon and John Randle are among 14 players who made it to the Hall of Fame despite not being drafted.
It's always a benefit when a team's first-round draft pick meets those lofty expectations. And it's a real bonus when mid- to low-round selections exceed their expectations. This, of course, has been at the heart of NFL.com's voting platform to determine the best draft picks in NFL history.
Then there is the ultimate satisfaction of signing a player who was passed over entirely in the draft and seeing them become a productive pro. Talk about return on investment!
So, as the NFL celebrates 75 years of the draft by asking fans to vote on the 75 most valuable draft picks of all time, here's a look at the 75 best undrafted players of all time:
1. Kurt Warner, QB, Northern Iowa
Signed by: St. Louis Rams
First year: 1998
NFL seasons: 12
Pro Bowls: 4
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: In addition to being perhaps the greatest Cinderella story in NFL history, Warner is a two-time league MVP who has posted the three best single-game passing yardage totals in Super Bowl history.
2. Dick "Night Train" Lane, CB, Scottsbluff (Neb.) Junior College
Signed by: Los Angeles Rams
First year: 1952
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: 7
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Hall of Famer still owns rookie record for interceptions (14 in 1952) ... Had 68 career interceptions with three teams (Rams, Chicago Cardinals and Detroit Lions).
3. Emlen Tunnell, DB, Iowa
Signed by: New York Giants
First year: 1948
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: N/A
All-Pro selections: N/A
Notes: One of the great defensive backs in NFL history, second on the all-time list with 79 interceptions.
4. Warren Moon, QB, Washington
Signed by: Houston Oilers
First year: 1984
NFL seasons: 17
Pro Bowls: 9
All-Pro selections: 0
Notes: Hall of Famer ranks in the top six all-time for career attempts, completions, yards and TD passes.
5. Willie Brown, CB, Grambling
Signed by: Denver Broncos
First year: 1963
NFL seasons: 16
Pro Bowls: 9
All-Pro selections: 5
Notes: Starred for Oakland Raiders. ... Had 54 career interceptions and inducted into Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1984.
6. Willie Wood, CB, USC
Signed by: Green Bay Packers
First year: 1960
NFL seasons: 12
Pro Bowls: 8
All-Pro selections: 5
Notes: Member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame ... had an interception in Super Bowl I.
7. Joe Perry, RB, Compton (Calif.) Community College
Signed by: San Francisco 49ers
First year: 1948
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: 3
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: One of the most explosive inside runners in NFL history. Hall of Famer led NFL in rushing two seasons.
Draft goes primetime:
The NFL Draft moves to primetime for the first time in 2010, with the first round taking place Thurs., April 22 at 7:30 p.m. ET.
» Complete draft coverage
» Draft Sweepstakes: Enter to win The NFL Draft moves to primetime for the first time in 2010, with the first round taking place Thurs., April 22 at 7:30 p.m. ET.
8. Lou (The Toe) Groza, OT/PK, Ohio State
Signed by: Cleveland Browns
First year: 1946
NFL seasons: 21
Pro Bowls: 9
All-Pro selections: 4
Notes: Groza doubled as an offensive tackle and kicker for 14 years on Cleveland's championship teams of the 1950s before becoming a kicking specialist in 1961 ... Hall of Famer played until they were 43 years old.
9. Cliff Harris, S, Ouachita Baptist
Signed by: Dallas Cowboys
First year: 1970
NFL seasons: 10
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: One of the Cowboys' greatest success stories. Nickname was "Crash," and they were as tough as they come.
10. Cornell Green, DB, Utah State
Signed by: Dallas Cowboys
First year: 1962
NFL seasons: 13
Pro Bowls: 5
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Former college basketball player had 34 career interceptions.
11. Emmitt Thomas, CB, Bishop
Signed by: Kansas City Chiefs
NFL seasons: 13
First year: 1966
Pro Bowls: 5
All-Pro selections: 1
Notes: Had 58 career interceptions in a Hall of Fame career.
12. John Randle, DT, Texas A&I Kingsville
Signed by: Minnesota Vikings
NFL seasons: 14
First year: 1990
Pro Bowls: 7
All-Pro selections: 6
Notes: Randle, who was selected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame this year; had 137.5 career sacks in 219 games.
13. Antonio Gates, TE, Kent State
Signed by: San Diego Chargers
NFL seasons: 7 (active)
First year: 2003
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Former college basketball player has 479 receptions for 6,223 yards and 59 TD catches in seven seasons.
14. Priest Holmes, RB, Texas
Signed by: Baltimore Ravens
NFL seasons: 10
First year: 1997
Pro Bowls: 3
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Holmes overcame major injuries in college and the NFL. Had three straight seasons of 1,400-plus yards, scored 86 career rushing touchdowns.
15. Brian Waters, C/G, North Texas
Signed by: Kansas City Chiefs
NFL seasons: 10
First year: 2000
Pro Bowls: 4
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: Played tight end in college and became one of the best interior linemen in NFL history.
16. Tony Romo, QB, Eastern Illinois
Signed by: Dallas Cowboys
NFL seasons: 6 (active)
First year: 2004
Pro Bowls: 3
All-Pro selections: 0
Notes: Romo's 95.6 career passing rating currently ranks fourth on the all-time list.
17. Coy Bacon, DL, Jackson State
Signed by: Los Angeles Rams
First year: 1968
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: 3
All-Pro selections: 0
Notes: Had 22 sacks in 1976 (before it was an official stat). Outstanding athlete with unbelievable size/speed combination.
18. Nate Newton, G/T, Florida A&M
Signed by: Dallas Cowboys
First year: 1986
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: Amazing quickness and ability as a blocker for a man their size.
19. Dave Grayson, CB, Oregon
Signed by: Dallas Texans (AFL)
NFL seasons: 10
First year: 1961
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 4
Notes: Member of the AFL's all-time team, Grayson had 48 career interceptions playing for the Texans, Chiefs and Raiders.
Vote: NFL Draft MVPs
As part of the NFL Draft's 75th anniversary, you have a chance to decide the greatest choices of all time.
20. Adam Vinatieri, PK, South Dakota State
Signed by: New England Patriots
NFL seasons: 14 (active)
First year: 1996
Pro Bowls: 2
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: Four Super Bowl rings -- and the game-winning field goal in two of those championships -- to go along with 338 career field goals.
21. Larry Little, G/T, Bethune-Cookman
Signed by: San Diego Chargers
First year: 1967
NFL seasons: 14
Pro Bowls: 5
All-Pro selections: 5
Notes: The leader of Miami's great offensive line of the 1970s.
22. Jeff Saturday, C, North Carolina
Signed by: Indianapolis Colts
NFL seasons: 10 (active)
First year: 1999
Pro Bowls: 4
All-Pro selections: 2
Notes: Has been the anchor for Colts offensive line that protects Peyton Manning; part of Super Bowl XLI champions.
23. Donnie Shell, CB, South Carolina State
Signed by: Pittsburgh Steelers
NFL seasons: 14
First year: 1974
Pro Bowls: 5
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Part of the Steel Curtain defense that helped Pittsburgh win four Super Bowls in the '70s. Played in 19 playoff games.
24. Deron Cherry, DB, Rutgers
Signed by: Kansas City Chiefs
First year: 1981
NFL seasons: 11
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 3
Notes: Always had great ball skills, finishing with 50 career interceptions; currently minority owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
25. Jim Langer, C, South Dakota State
Signed by: Miami Dolphins
First year: 1970
NFL seasons: 12
Pro Bowls: 6
All-Pro selections: 4
Notes: One of three Halls of Fame offensive linemen from Dolphins' Super Bowl teams of the '70s ... Played every offensive snap in 1972 perfect season.
Everyone knows that climate change threatens coastlines and wildlife. But its effects won't be limited to destroying property and altering the natural world; it will also affect the quality of experiences and products we now take for granted — such as the simple ritual of sipping a cup of tea.
A group of scientists including a Tufts University chemical ecologist are exploring the effects that climate change will have on tea crops in China, supported by a four-year, $931,000 grant from the National Science Foundation. The scientific scrutiny of tea highlights the way in which climate change's effects are not simple; it may alter desirable characteristics of products and cause economic ripples for producers and consumers.
Advertisement
Tea may seem like a narrow topic to study, but it is a big business. In the United States, people spend $2 billion on tea at supermarkets, according to the Tea Association of the USA. The researchers hope to specifically understand better what chemical changes are occurring in tea leaves in response to different environmental conditions. They want to trace how these changes affect the quality of the product and farmers' ability to sell the crop to buyers. Those lessons may be valuable for a wide array of business owners, such as wine producers and cherry farmers, but also ski resort operators.
Colin Orians, a professor of biology at Tufts, sees tea as an ideal way to study fundamental questions about plant biology, including how external conditions influence plants' allocation of resources toward making defensive chemicals that protect them against getting eaten. They study how plants divide up their energy between functions such as growth, storage, and defense and first got interested in tea when Selena Ahmed, a postdoctoral researcher who has since moved to Montana State University, came to their laboratory.
I asked Orians to answer a few questions about the research by e-mail. Their answers, edited for length, are below.
Advertisement
Q: How did you get involved in this research?
A: Most crops, consider lettuce, have been bred to grow fast, and thus it is not surprising that crops like lettuce do not provide us with some of the known health benefits, such as antioxidants, that ancestral crops might have contained. This is exacerbated by the fact that we grow crops under the most favorable environmental conditions that cause a plant to prioritize growth over defense. Tea is different! It has always been valued for its chemistry, its medicinal properties, and I was immediately intrigued by the system. How will climate change alter its chemistry? Can we use plant defense theory to understand and predict future changes in chemistry? How will these changes affect consumers and ultimately farmer livelihoods?
Q: Is this more than an academic interest — are you a tea connoisseur?
A: I have come to appreciate good tea. I love drinking tea that is so rich in flavor that I have no desire to add anything to it. I really enjoy teas from southern China.
Q: When did changes in tea quality begin to be noticed?
A: It is known that the chemistry of tea shifts in response to the onset of the monsoons. What our preliminary work was able to show was that farmers perceive these changes, that the changes happen within days of the onset of the monsoon, that buyers pay substantially more for the pre-monsoon spring tea, and that the monsoons are arriving earlier in this area of China (Yunnan). Importantly we showed that within 5 days of the arrival of the monsoons, what farmers harvest has twice the biomass (plants are growing faster) but lower concentrations of some key phenolics known to be important in tea. We are in the process of more thoroughly characterizing the change in chemistry and taste, and plan to compare teas from different regions as part of the study.
Advertisement
Q: Would the changes be noticeable to people who aren't very picky (i.e. drink tea out of bags)?
A: I believe many could notice the changes. We are putting together a trained sensory panel and our preliminary analysis of teas showed that everyone was easily able to distinguish between tea picked in the spring and that picked after the monsoons arrived. Of course bagged tea is often blended so we would expect tea companies to try new blends to limit any changes perceived by the consumers.
Q: How widespread are these issues among tea-producing regions of the world?
A: Globally, climatic conditions are becoming more and more variable and we are working with a climatologist to explore how conditions are changing in some of the key tea producing regions. I might expect the change to be highest in regions influenced by monsoons since increases in precipitation have such a large effect on tea. Yet, because farmers harvest buds and young expanding leaves, the chemistry of the tea depends on the current conditions in which the plants are growing. Any climatic shifts could have an impact on tea quality.
Q: Are tea leaves more sensitive to climate change than other crops? What about coffee?
A: This is a great question but not one that can be answered. There is concern about the effects of climate on grape and coffee production, for example, but there are no comparative studies. Strong scientific arguments could be made for the greater sensitivity of each crop.
Q: Typically, when people think about the effect climate change will have on agriculture, they worry about crops failing. Do you expect these changes are already occurring in other agricultural products?
A: Yes, we tend to focus so much on yield when thinking about climate change but this emphasis loses sight of the importance of quality. Is climate changing the quality of spinach, kale or blueberries? I think we all could come up with a list of a dozen food and beverage items that we regularly consume because they are good for us. I want to know how those benefits are, or might be, changing.
India welcomed the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on 1 July 2017, sixty-three years after France first adopted it. In their Parliament speech, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, "GST marks the economic integration of India." It is expected to unify India through the creation of a single market for goods and services—as the GST slogan goes, "one nation, one market, one tax." Moreover, it is expected to increase the tax base in India where less than 1% of people pay income tax and close to 90% of the workers are in the informal sector. Both these perceived benefits, according to the government, are expected to accelerate India's economic growth by making it easier to do business and increasing public investment (financed through increased tax revenue).
The second volume of the Economic Survey 2016-17 released earlier last month—another first for India—argues that the introduction of GST partly contributed to "optimism about the medium term." One hopes that the optimism is well founded and not "irrational exuberance", to borrow Robert Shiller's phrase. Was the introduction of GST aimed at raising tax compliance by simplifying the indirect tax structure with the aid of information technology? Or, did it aim to structurally reform the Indian economy with a view of increasing employment and reducing inequalities? There is also another important question: is a uniform tax a good policy move in an economy like India where the intra-state and inter-state differences are significant?
Is a uniform tax a good policy move in an economy like India where the intra-state and inter-state differences are significant?
Amidst their discussion on inequality, Thomas Piketty rightly writes in Capital, "Taxation is not a technical matter. It is pre-eminently a political and philosophical issue, perhaps the most important of all political issues." Hence, it is important that the political economy of GST is rendered transparent. After the introduction of GST, several Indian states have lost their autonomy in public policy owing to a reduction in their tax revenue because the GST subsumes state taxes such as the value added tax (VAT), sales tax, and luxury tax. [The service tax belonged to the centre.] In fact, as GST is a destination tax, Tamil Nadu, a manufacturing state, had opposed it because of a potential revenue loss of around ₹9270 crore. Additional reforms are necessary to ensure that the state's economic policies are not throttled.
If simplification of the tax structure was a central goal, the four tax slabs of 5%, 12%, 18%, and 28% do not make sense. However, if the government has an additional goal of influencing consumer choices, different tax slabs make sense. Yet, our current GST tax structure eludes easy interpretation. For instance, why should pens be taxed at 18% and now cost more? And why should sanitary napkins be taxed at 18% and now cost more? There appears to be no obvious economic or social logic behind this classification.
On looking closer, the GST classification for goods and services appears to be based on the "ability to pay" principle and is therefore progressive in spirit. Hence, non-AC train travel is GST exempt while AC train travel is taxed at 5%. Similarly, while non-AC hotel services are taxed at 12%, the services in AC hotels attract a tax of 18%. From the perspective of the consumer, it is indeed the case that those who consume "luxuries" (e.g., services in five-star hotels and restaurants) have to pay a higher GST than those who consume "necessities" such as education and health services. But how are the producers affected?
While "one nation, one market, one tax" sounds alluring, it presupposes an economically homogenous nation and a uniform market for commodities and labour.
During the VAT regime, handmade products were tax exempt but they are now taxed at different rates in the GST regime. If one adopts the sole principle of 'ability to pay' in the matter of taxation, taxing handmade products might not seem to economically unjust. As a government official put it, "a machine-made shawl is priced at ₹500 and a handmade one at ₹5000. If a person can shell out so much for a handmade item, they might as well pay a higher tax on it." This is a good example of myopic thinking because we need to ask what happens to the handloom sector (employment and wages) once the market price rises.
As I write this, a meeting has been organised to protest the taxing of handmade products. The problem is aptly captured in this statement by one of its organisers: "Handmade products such as khadi saris are already expensive as compared to machine-made products. With imposition of GST, a khadi sari has become costlier." It is elementary economics that this can lower demand for handmade goods and negatively affect employment in this sector. India's recycling sector has also been adversely affected due to GST implementation.
Economic policies or reforms cannot afford to be short-sighted either intentionally or out of ignorance. The second volume of the Economic Survey proudly states that the GST regime has formalised the informal textile and clothing sector. But at what cost?
Just like demonetisation, the GST is yet another bad economic "reform" with detrimental impacts on India's poor and vulnerable.
It is true that the big firms will benefit from lowered transaction costs and will be able to enjoy an increased volume of inter-state business. Small firms mostly buy their inputs and sell their output within their own state. In short, the lower transaction costs benefit big firms.
While around 160 countries have implemented GST, its effects have been varied. In Malaysia, household consumption reduced after the implementation of GST; in Australia, the burden of GST was more on the poor than the rich; whereas the weaker sections of the populace benefited from GST in Ethiopia, Pakistan, and Vietnam.
To conclude, while "one nation, one market, one tax" sounds alluring, it presupposes an economically homogenous nation and a uniform market for commodities and labour. Is one tax justified in India, which has several many different labour markets, each with its own "equilibrium" price? Or do our policymakers think that imposing "one tax" can transform India into a single market? Just like demonetisation, the GST is yet another bad economic "reform" with detrimental impacts on India's poor and vulnerable.
Acknowledgement
This is a condensed version of a talk I gave at National Public School, Indira Nagar, Bengaluru on August 11th. I thank the students for posing interesting questions.
Originally published: http://www.alexmthomas.com/2017/09/06/the-political-economy-of-gst/
It's no exaggeration to call the OnePlus One as the flagship killer of the year. Priced at half the price of its competitors, the OnePlus One hosts top-notch hardware and most importantly the CyanogenMod 11S which was specifically designed for the One. Recently, Google reportedly attempted to buy the Cyanogenmod Inc. but they were denied. If the Android company is behind Cyanogenmod then why won't we, right?
CyanogenMod is an immensely popular custom ROM for Android and offers a great flexibility in terms of performance and customization of your device. The OnePlus One, even with its meager supply gained the attention of most of the developers, so you'll get various custom Roms, mods that will tempt you to install them. Installing third party images and Roms might void your warranty which may cost you much in case of any misfortunes during some installation or something. You should be sure to have a contingency plan in case of any trouble.
So today we will guide you on how to revert back to stock ROM on your OnePlus One along with the process to clear to unlock and tamper bit that might have been set during the process. The process is very simple, just a bunch of clicks and flashes and you will be back to the Stock ROM on your OnePlus One. So let's see how to restore OnePlus One to Stock Rom.
Warning
This Guide is intended only for the OnePlus One device, not for any other variant or device of OnePlus. Be extra cautious when you choose the firmware as flashing wrong firmware might result in a bricked device. You alone are responsible for any consequences that might occur during the process. We shall not be held responsible for any damage to your device.
Prerequisites
Charge your OnePlus One above 60% battery level to avoid shutdowns during the process. Backup your device storage, contacts, SMS etc. using Google Sync service or any third-party app. You need an Unlocked Bootloader on your OnePlus One.
Restore OnePlus One to Stock
Download the factory firmwares of the OnePlus One based on your model (Either 16 GB or 64 GB) XNPH05Q 16GB → Click Here
XNPH05Q 64GB → Click Here Download the ADB/Fastboot files and extract them to a folder in your PC → Click Here Extract the firmware file to the same folder where you extracted the ADB/Fastboot files. Now you'll see files like flash-all.bat (Windows) or flash-all.sh (Linux) which are the 1-Click installers for the firmware files. Reboot the phone into Fastboot mode and connect it to the PC. Now click on the 1-click installer file (flash-all.bat for Windows, or flash-all.sh for Mac/Linux) based on your OS on your PC. The flashing process is automatic and the phone will reboot once the flashing is complete. During the bootloader unlock process, a tamper/unlock flag is set which will indicate an unauthorized flash on your device. So we'll restore these flag bits as well. First of all, get a recovery on your device. You can install TWRP from our exclusive guide → Click Here Download this Boot unlocker script , and flash it via the recovery. For instructions on flashing Zip files on recovery follow our exclusive guide → Click Here Reboot your device.
That's it, you are now reverted back to the Stock image provided by the OnePlus.
Flashing the Firmware Manually
In case you get error or issues while installing the stock firmware using one-click method described above, you can flash the firmware files manually too.
Extract the firmware file. Copy the contents of the ADB and Fastboot folder into the firmware folder (see the screenshot attached above). Now launch a command window and issue the following commands one by one. fastboot flash modem NON-HLOS.bin fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash sbl1 sbl1.mbn fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash dbi sdi.mbn fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash aboot emmc_appsboot.mbn fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash rpm rpm.mbn fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash tz tz.mbn fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash LOGO logo.bin fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash oppostanvbk static_nvbk.bin (this partition seems to have appeared in the 44S build) fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system.img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash userdata userdata_64G.img (or userdata.img if you have the 16GB version) fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery.img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash cache cache.img fastboot reboot
When your phone reboots, wait till it boots up properly and go through the initial setup. Done!
Leave your feedback in the comments section below.
My life is being destroyed by the real-time messaging app, Slack.
When I was first introduced to Slack, I was told it would be a simple way to efficiently communicate with my co-workers during work hours. I was not, however, told that the addictive platform would soon creep into every aspect of my existence and ruin my life.
As the days and weeks passed, I came to realize something very important: Slack is my nightmare. The fast-paced environment gives me heart palpitations, the constant desktop and mobile notifications detract from my ability to enjoy the world around me, and the wide selection of custom emoji reactions is far too overwhelming to deal with — it's complete chaos. The worst part is, even though I loathe Slack ... I can't delete it. I couldn't work without it.
SEE ALSO: The 7 unexpected problems with having an Uber addiction
If this nightmarish tale sounds at all familiar, I've got news for you: Slack is ruining your life, too. If you're unable to admit that Slack is completely destroying you, I'm here to help. I've complied a painful list of signs that the app is undoubtedly ruining your life.
But first, for all the Slack lovers out there, let's get a few things out of the way. Yes, I am aware the app does have some positive qualities. Some might even argue that the majority of Slack's problems arise from self-sabotage or that Slack addiction is really no different from any other social media obsession. After all, there's a "Do Not Disturb" mode, you can mute channels, and you can set helpful away messages. Those are valid points, but they do not change the fact that I felt far more freedom and peace-of-mind in my life before I started using Slack.
With that said, I need to vent. Here are seven ways the messaging platform causes you grief.
1. Slack ~literally~ keeps you up at night
Slack at night. Image: jessye mcgarry/mashable
It's a common conundrum: You wake up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and the next thing you know, you're wide awake.
In the good old days you would have attempted to lull yourself back to sleep by mindlessly scrolling past Instagram posts of friends and composing a whiny "can't sleep" text which you thankfully decided to save to your Drafts folder. Eventually you would re-crash after managing to bat your heavy eyelids through a third of an episode of 30 Rock and that would be that.
But now, you have Slack. Sure it's 3:02 a.m. but international folks at your company are wide awake @here-ing.
Immediately after you return to your bed you snuggle under the covers, reach for your phone and find yourself going back in time to catch up on hours of Slack-tivity you missed out on while you were asleep. The messages are endless, the notifications are meaningless and have absolutely nothing to do with you, but for some horrible reason you can't stop reading. After you've wasted a good chunk of time diving deep into the Slack archives, you are far too stimulated to doze off again.
Instead, you lie awake for hours hating Slack.
2. You barely get any work done because Slack has become too distracting
Aside from your direct messages with co-workers, you're also getting notifications every five seconds from private channels, keyword alerts, and emoji reactions. Whole channels devolve into a personal chat between two people, and the rest of the company is taken along for the painful ride. Then there's that one obnoxious co-worker who discovered you have a Slack alert for "aliens" and has made it their sole purpose to overuse the word whenever possible just to spark a reaction.
update: Slack is still distracting
too many people using @here
i miss IRC
need the minimalism
no need for GIFs in the workplace — Sam Sheffer (@samsheffer) May 5, 2017
How are you expected to be productive when people are incessantly @here-ing and very important alerts are going off in your private "Bachelor talk" and "This-Is-Us" channels?
And hey, if you think Slack is no different from the temptation to chat IRL with your nearby desk-mates, you're wrong. It's so much worse. Slack gives you the ability to chat with anyone at any time without even having to get up from your seat.
Your work ethic has dramatically decreased and your professional reputation is put at risk.
3. Slack is standing between you and a relaxing day off
Thanks to Slack you never truly have a day off. Sure, you might be physically out of the office, but I've discovered the whole point of the Slack mobile app is to ensure you never reaaaaaally leave work.
In the old days, sure, you'd obsess over checking your work e-mail, but Slack provides so much more information. It's a real-time display of nearly every conversation taking place in your office and you have the unique ability to follow along, even when you're not physically present.
On your day off, after rolling out of bed two hours later than you normally would have, the morning seems hopeful. But once you make yourself some breakfast and attempt to kick back and relax, you find yourself checking Slack. Has anyone mentioned you? Do your co-workers even care that you're not in their physical presence? Are you missing out on some hot office gossip? You need to know ...
"Just a quick look," you tell yourself before spending the next 17 minutes reviewing all your unread messages and making your presence known. It is a never-ending cycle.
4. You consider Slackbot one of your greatest rivals
You can't tell me there hasn't been a time when you haven't wanted to straight up brawl with Slackbot, but in all fairness Slack is not fully to blame for this one.
Some of the most annoying parts of Slack — like the irritating little bot's ability to get in your grill at the worst possible moments — are indeed human-made. So if the people you work with create custom Slackbot commands that you inadvertently trigger when you're at your most vulnerable, that's not Slack's fault.
But it's still annoying AF.
Image: screengrab/slack
Image: screengrab/slack
While some of the bot's callbacks can be delightful, Slackbot also goes out of its way to annoyingly remind you of the hundreds upon hundreds of notifications you missed when you were in "Do Not Disturb" mode. (WE GET IT).
And then when you really need help, it can't even follow through. Typical.
Image: screengrab/slack
5. You've forgotten how to communicate without using Slack commands
@here — Pay attention, because this one is serious.
You may not even be aware of it, but Slack is RUINING YOUR SOCIAL LIFE, too.
Convo between two people clearly addicted to Slack. Image: nicole gallucci/mashable
If you find yourself writing the "at" symbol before names in your important group texts or "cc'ing" your friends in Facebook posts, Slack has made you extremely awkward. If you find yourself naming your Tuesday night trivia team "Several people are typing," and tapping out the Slack command for your desired emoji symbol ( :pizza: ) instead of just sending the emoji (🍕, ) SLACK IS YOUR MASTER.
Run.
6. You slip into an indescribable panic when Slack goes down
You're minding your own business at work when suddenly, you notice an eerie calm amongst your otherwise notification-filled computer screen.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE.
SLACK 👏 IS 👏 DOWN 👏
You've become so reliant on the app that you immediately pull it up to discuss this outrageous situation with your co-workers, but OH YEAH, you can't because you have forgotten the other methods of communication that exist on this planet.
7. You've been asked to "get off Slack" in a place where you most definitely should not have been on Slack to begin with
Do you check Slack immediately after leaving the office? That's understandable, because you want to make sure no one needed you at the last minute.
But do you check Slack when you're at the grocery store? Walking through traffic? On a date? In a movie theater? During your wedding shower? During your actual shower? Do you pull up Slack while riding the subway even though you know you have no internet access underground?
If "get off of Slack" is a phrase you hear repeatedly, Slack is inhibiting your ability to enjoy the world around you.
Thanks for being the worst, Slack.
More action needed on feral rabbits in Canberra's urban areas, pest expert says
Updated
As feral rabbits move closer to Canberra's CBD, one of Australia's leading experts is warning more action is needed to combat pest encroachment into urban areas.
While the number of rabbits in Canberra was not yet a concern, Brian Cooke said rabbits were realising the benefits of moving closer to town, including well-maintained and well-watered landscapes.
"Each year, the better the summer the more rabbits you'll see," they said.
"If you have a very dry year you'll see very few rabbits."
Dr Cooke said rabbits remained Australia's most costly pest problem, but the traditional eradication methods, such as shooting, ripping and widespread poisoning, were not suitable closer to cities.
They said rabbit control had to-date been focused on conservation and farming needs.
The thought of poisoning hundreds of rabbits across a football oval is a bit terrifying, but we don't have the same approach when it comes to getting rid of rats around the rubbish bin. Dr Brian Cooke
"What's probably been neglected is the urban rabbit problem," they said.
"Rabbits of course do dig up football ovals and they dig under buildings and make a general nuisance of themselves in people's gardens.
"But when it comes to actually controlling them, people wait until they've got a real problem before they try and do something."
Dr Cooke said people's concerns over rabbit baiting was also partly to blame.
"The thought of poisoning hundreds of rabbits across a football oval is a bit terrifying," they said.
"But we don't have the same approach when it comes to getting rid of rats around the rubbish bin."
Rabbits in urban areas have social impact
The ACT Government has spent half of its annual pest control budget on the feral rabbit problem.
Government vertebrate pest co-ordinator Oliver Orgill said the social impact of rabbits was also a factor.
"Rabbits have the potential of being a very serious environmental pest and that's reflected in the investment we put into it," they said.
"They can cause significant damage to landscaped gardens, dig up sporting fields, eat people's backyard vegetables.
"Rabbits have the ability to breed up very quickly and that can have a serious affect on ground cover, weed invasion... they can really decimate an ecosystem."
Invasive Animals Cooperative Research Centre chief executive Andreas Glanznig said while a complete solution was not straight forward, the imminent release of a new strain of the deadly calicivirus could be a decent bandaid solution.
"That could work in conjunction with the existing strain in Australia to more effectively knock down rabbit numbers," they said.
"What we're seeking to approve through government regulators is a naturally occurring strain identified in Korea.
"In laboratory tests it showed the most promise in knocking down rabbit numbers."
But Mr Glanznig said current rabbit numbers were still very low compared to the plague trend in the 1950s.
"We can't be complacent, we can't just think that one new strain from overseas is going to be the answer," they said.
"There is no magic bullet here."
Topics: pests, pest-management, environmental-management, environmental-impact, states-and-territories, act, canberra-2600
First posted
New Delhi: Unlike in 2009 when it crashed within minutes, it was a smooth operation this time when the Election Commission (EC) website recorded 450 million hits on the morning of the vote count on Friday, making it the highest number of hits on any Indian website ever in a single day.
Unable to sustain the “excessive" hits last time, the EC's website had crashed on the same day five years ago when votes were counted in the last Lok Sabha elections.
It took a team of information technology (IT) experts—five in every state commission and 12 in the Delhi Headquarters of the EC—a trustworthy human chain, and meticulous planning to bring out the EC's online results in an impressive way, said a top EC official.
Starting 6am on 16 May, the entire team was active in each state and at the Nirvachan Sadan headquarters and in office till 6pm the next day, uploading the results, coordinating between 989 counting centres and 1,029,000 electronic voting machine control units across the country until the last results were uploaded.
Mumbai: After receiving a complaint of an illegal kabutar khana, being constructed at Girgoan Chowpatty sea shore, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) D ward officials demolished the structure. Shiv Sena party Spokesperson Harshal Pradhan claimed that Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) legislator Mangal Prabhat Lodha of Malabar hill constituency illegally was constructing the cement concrete floor for the kabutar khana and after Sena's complaint the action was taken.
According to the Assistant Municipal Commissioner Vishwas Mote of Girgoan Chowpatty D ward remarked that as no permission was taken therefore the structure has been demolished. Also, BMC Heritage Conservation committee chief Umesh Nagarkar confirmed that no such proposal has come to the heritage department recently for seeking permission.
While, Lodha spokesperson Niranjan Parihar remarked that Lodha has no role in recent construction of kabutar khana. They also said that the kabutar khana is existing since 2009 and during that time all permissions from concerned authority were taken.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/loiC
— Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney will make a stop in Morrisville Sunday as part of a four-day, four-state bus tour.
The "Romney Plan For A Stronger Middle Class” bus tour begins Saturday in Virginia, visits the Tar Heel State Sunday and continues in Florida and Ohio.
All four states on the tour voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and have already seen an influx of television ad spending in anticipation of a tight November outcome. Polls have shown that Romney and Obama have been running almost dead even for months.
Romney will appear at Smokey's Shack, a barbecue restaurant at 10800 Chapel Hill Road, at 4 p.m. Sunday. Doors to the event open at 3 p.m.
- Ellis County Sheriff Johnny Brown resigned Wednesday and pleaded guilty to assault charges after getting into a fistfight at a fast food restaurant.
The fight happened on New Year's Day at the Whataburger restaurant in Midlothian. Sheriff Brown and their brother were involved in a verbal and physical altercation with another group of patrons.
Two 21-year-old men from Killeen, Matthew Longoria and their friend, told police Brown's brother started the fight because of an incident in the parking lot. Words were exchanged as they ordered food and there is video of the sheriff throwing at least one punch.
Brown, who served two terms as sheriff and was recently re-elected, admitted to assaulting Longoria early that morning.
Longoria also told police when witnesses threatened to call the cops that Brown bragged, "We ARE the cops!”
“When you're elected as sheriff, you swear to protect the people of your county,” Longoria said. “And I just didn't think they did their job that night."
The fight was captured on cell phone video and surveillance cameras, video that has not been released. Sources say that was convincing evidence of Brown's guilt.
Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon, who was brought in as special prosecutor for the case, praised the victims.
“I thought that they were good reflection of what our youth is,” they said. “They showed restraint and judgment and accepted the fact that Mr. Brown accepted responsibility."
No one was arrested immediately afterward, but Brown pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault at a hearing on Wednesday. They also turned in their letter of resignation and surrendered their peace officer's certificate.
The former sheriff was fingerprinted, booked and had their photo taken by the very jailors they once commanded. But Brown did not spend time behind bars since they were only sentenced to one day and a $500 fine.
“I have also taken ownership of the criminal responsibility that arose from my participation in the incident involving my brother and third parties,” they wrote in their resignation letter. “I have accepted the judgment and sentencing of the court and will not file a motion for a new trial or appeal.”
Brown also thanked the residents of Ellis County and apologized to all they may have hurt or disappointed.
“As can be seen by the actions I have taken to make things right today, I care more for the office I held, my coworkers and fellow public officials, the citizens of Ellis County and respect for the law than to continue a battle that consumes time, money, and detracts from the mission of protecting and serving,” they wrote.
Brown declined an on-camera interview with FOX4 but said in a statement that they take full ownership over what happened and offered their apologies to anyone that they hurt or disappointed.
"It was not that they were not without any type of fault or responsibility,” said Richard Carter, Brown's attorney. “But they ultimately bit the bullet on this and took responsibility for the things going forward for the benefit of this office and this county and the citizens."
Brown added they just didn't want to fight this and drag it out in court. The investigation into their brother's role in the fight is ongoing.
Last week, Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an e-mail to company employees, stating their disagreement with President Donald Trump's comments concerning the violence in Charlottesville. They indicated that Apple will make a $2 million donation to the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League, and said that users would soon be able to donate directly to the SPLC through iTunes. That feature has just gone live.
A new page appears on the iTunes desktop and mobile storefronts, and can be found under the New Music, Hot Tracks, and Recent Releases sections. Users can donate in $5, $10, $25, $50, $100, and $200 increments.
The page states that 100 percent of donations will be transferred to the civil rights organization. Apple won't share user information with the SPLC, and won't qualify to be claimed as a taxable donation.
Hopes dim for efforts to block Li's deportation
Steve Li Photo: Unkown, Marilyn Luu Photo: Unkown, Marilyn Luu Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Hopes dim for efforts to block Li's deportation 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Hopes to keep Steve "Shing Ma" Li in the United State have dimmed in the wake of a ruling from immigration officials denying the student's request to delay their ordered deportation to Peru.
The two-page, Friday afternoon fax from Immigration and Customs Enforcement to Li's lawyer, Sin Yen Ling, may have slammed the door shut on the 20-year-old Li, a San Francisco City College nursing student who arrived in this country with their parents when they were 11 years old.
Most of the message dealt with Li's immigration background, with the bad news saved for the end, Ling said today.
"The last paragraph said deportation is always hard on family and friends and the community but unfortunately the application for Steve does not rise to the level that warrants deferred action status," they said. "There was really no analysis whatsoever, no response to the arguments that I laid out."
Li and their parents were arrested in San Francisco Sept. 15 because they were only allowed to stay in the United States through the end of 2002. Their parents, who were born in China but moved to Peru in the 1980s to escape the government's one-child policy, were released and wear electronic ankle bracelets, while Li remains in custody in Arizona.
ICE officials could not be reached today for comment.
On Friday evening, a spokesperson for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in an e-mail that the member of congress is "working with other members to recommend that ICE grant deferred action in this case."
A private bill from politicians like Pelosi, or California senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein is "the next and only strategy, really," to keep Li from being deported, Ling said.
But some supporters are switching gears to help Li prepare for the worst if they get put on a plane to a country where they have no friends or family.
"We did everything we could and we just have to move on from here and figure out how to help Steve best," said Sang Chi, Li's Asian American Studies professor at City College.
Locked on the 105
The Night an STM Bus Driver Held Me Captive
Well, tonight I called the cops on a bus driver. Yes. The driver of the 105, bus number 22-288, departing from Concordia's Loyola campus, held me captive on their bus at my stop.
I was the only passenger left; they closed the doors, parked the bus, illuminated the out of service sign and told me I was not going anywhere. This happened after I had requested that they lower the bus when I got on at Loyola. They looked me up and down and said: “Vous êtes pas capable de prendre la marche?” I stared at him. I said, “Are you going to lower it?”
They said, “S'il vous plait?” I stared at him. They reluctantly lowered it. I sat at the front of the bus and we departed. They said, “You could have said please.” In French. I said, “It's not up to you to ask whether or not I can take a step.” In English. They said, “Vous pouvez parler en français.” I said, “Yes I could.” They sassed me. I sassed back.
At my stop, someone was getting off first. I sat down to wait and hit record on my phone because I had a feeling this was not over, and then I found out that I was right. The driver got up out of their seat, came and leaned over me, and said that I was not polite. They said that they have children and he's teaching them to be polite. I said, “Oh now you're comparing me to your kids? That's demeaning.” I told them that it is their job to lower the bus and ramp whenever asked, regardless of what a person looks like. I was angry. They were threatening to call the cops. They had closed the doors, making it impossible for me to get off the bus. I was locked on the bus. They were going to call the cops? Fuck no!
I dialed 9-1-1 and told the operator I was being held on a city bus against my will. I told them where I was and the bus number and they said she'd send a car. After hearing me speak very loudly, in English, to an emergency dispatch centre, the driver opened the doors of the bus. Imagine that. They got off and talked to the driver of another 105 who had pulled over to look out for their union brother. I waited on the bus for the cops. “Let's do this shit,” I said to myself and to my recording cell phone, “fuck this. Let's see what the cops have to say about a male bus driver locking a woman alone with them on a bus late at night.”
The cops came to talk to the bus drivers, completely ignoring me. “Does anyone want to hear what I have to say?” One cop told me to go away—over there. The other, shorter, shittier cop grabbed me by the arm and pulled me away, and when they realized I was audio recording them they took my phone, stopped the recording, turned off my phone and wouldn't give it back to me. After having a chat with the driver the cop confronted me, saying if I “can't live in the society,” that was my problem. They had my bag, including my wallet, and they threw it in the mud. They told me to go home.
“Ma'am, go home. You're off the bus now.” As though I am the problem. I am a hysterical, crazy bitch who should quiet down and disappear. I did something wrong by calling the police when my security was in danger. “Go home, ma'am, go home now. Back off. When I tell you to back off, you back off.” Me: “Don't touch me, you can't touch me.” Cop: “If you don't follow my order I can touch you. Back off. That's an order.”
An older STM cop took me to sit down in their cruiser and take notes on my side of the story. I recounted the whole thing—how I didn't answer the driver's inappropriate question about my physical “capabilities”—and they took that as an opportunity to hold me hostage and reprimand me.
I grilled him: “Who, according to the STM, is entitled to accessibility and who is not deemed disabled enough for those features?” They did not answer.
I asked who gets this report. They dodged my question. They asked what my disability is. I asked them about protocol when a complaint is filed. They told me that I should consider taking Transport Adapté. I repeated how scary it was to be locked on a bus with an angry, aggressive man. They offered to drive me home. I declined. We got out of the cruiser, out of earshot of their bitchy young white Quebec-supremacist lady cop partner with a swishy ponytail. They told me their mother is “handicapped” too, that they use a wheelchair and they have a hard time getting anywhere, and it's not just the STM. They said that this is a hard moment and it will pass. I said yes, discrimination is everywhere.
Yes, this moment may pass, but actually, this happens every day. As I sit writing this with a strong impulse to destroy something and eat chocolate almonds, I ask myself: now what? Now, I keep trying. Keep resisting. I choose civil disobedience over quietly taking whatever abuse the STM throws at me. Now, I keep working with my comrades in Accessibilize Montreal, and we ask others to join us.
Now we need you to be with us as we speak out, as we take direct action, as we get harassed, as we get abused, by the STM and the SPVM. We need you to stand by us, between us, and the people in uniform, so that this daily abuse is no longer kept a secret. We need to put an end to the daily violence hurled at us just because we attempt to access transit. Now we need to accessibilize the STM because they won't do it themselves.
RETRACTION: The Link would like to acknowledge the criticism surrounding the graphic published with the “Locked on the 105” article in the opinions section of Volume 35, Issue 25. We understand that the graphic is a misrepresentation of the Black community and that it perpetuates the stereotype of an angry black man scaring a white child. The graphic should have been flagged at the editing stage. The Link regrets the error and has retracted the image. It can still be found in our archives.
By commenting on this page you agree to the terms of our Comments Policy.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Shining Force III is a game that had many Saturn owners wishing that they could speak fluent Japanese. Considered to be one of, if not the best game on Sega Saturn, only one third of the full story ever saw an English translation. While most fans will already know this, the Shining Force III that most westerners are familiar with is only a fraction of an intricate trilogy of games, a true epic in every sense of the word. Three different scenarios, three different stories, all intertwining and combining to form an intricate, sprawling story and game. Recently however, thanks to the hard work of some very dedicated and skilled fans, almost every part of every game has been translated finally allowing the game's English speaking fan base to enjoy the game as it was intended. So, how does it hold up over a decade later?
First and foremost, the game still plays as good as it did the day it was released. Strategy RPGs may be a relatively rare breed of game, but Shining Force III is one of the best. Taking control of the leader of the titular force in each scenario, the game is divided up into two distinct game play segments; exploration and battles.
The exploration segments are similar to most JRPGs in that they involve exploring towns, talking to people, buying potions and items and everything else you would expect from the genre. Unlike most JRPGs though, there are no random battles whatsoever in this game. Every single fight that you participate in is a large, planned affair. Battles are played out on a grid map, where you must move your force members into position, taking the terrain and layout of the map into account. Positioning and placement of troops makes a huge difference and makes for some compelling fights. In all three scenarios, the battles will start off small with your tiny force going up against relatively few enemies, but later on you'll begin finding more and more soldiers to add to your force (both secret characters and story-related ones) and the battles will grow to huge affairs on large and complex maps. To keep things interesting, the battles can be surprisingly varied. Rather than each one being a case of ‘kill everyone before they kill you', you will come across fights that task you with saving innocents, overcoming traps, or raiding lost ruins. In Scenario 2 you even have a brilliantly done naval battle, with you and your enemy operating cannons and attempting to board each other's ship. It's important to take note of the minor details in battles, since seemingly minor items and events can have large repercussions later on the in the trilogy thanks to the innovative Synchronicity System the games use, which I will cover in more detail later on.
As you battle through the game, you'll begin to discover more and more layers to the combat. Apart from the usual leveling system that unlocks new specials and magic, there are many more features to keep track of. Each character can equip several categories of weapons, and depending on which you choose different abilities and specials will be unlocked. Even having played through the game several times thoroughly, there will likely be special moves and legendary weapons you've yet to see. The other major factor of battle experience is friendship. If characters assist each other with attacks or support spells/items, friendships will develop. As friendships develop, characters will give eachother certain boosts when close to their partners, adding a whole new layer of strategy to your positioning on the map and your attack plans. While ten years are obviously going age any game by a huge degree, Shining Force III is still a remarkably good looking game. It was the first Shining Force to feature 3D attack sequences (The exploration and battle map was a mix of 3D landscape with 2D sprites) and was one of the most impressive looking Saturn games for its time. The magic in particular can be extremely impressive, and you'll be constantly keeping look out for notices of new special moves or magic attacks to try out and see. The style and design of the world and characters is beautiful, with very little ridiculous costumes and/or outlandish weapons to be seen until some odd choices in the third scenario. Even then though, they do fit the situations and are limited compared to the otherwise great designs. An especially interesting aspect of the game's setting is that the world you explore is on the verge of an industrial revolution with the advent of steam-power. The game thankfully never strays too far into steam-punk territory, but it does add some interesting new ideas to the usual fantasy/medieval setting.
In addition to the great looks, the game has some fantastic music with lively fanfares (each force from the various scenarios having a different battle theme) and a number of tunes that perfectly fit the towns and locations. There is memorable music for abandoned ghost towns, mega-trading hubs, castles, nomadic caravans… the list goes on and on. The game doesn't contain much speech at all, with the story being told through text boxes and in-game graphics rather than cut-scenes (a wise choice). The amount of emotion they squeeze out of the small sprites is surprising, meaning you never really long for voice acting (especially when you consider this is the era of gaming that gave us Resident Evil's horrendous ‘acting'). As mentioned earlier, the Synchronicity System between the games sets the trilogy apart from the rest of the series, and from most games in general. It really adds a great deal to the game, and makes the series all the more enjoyable to play through again and again. Even if you've played the first game through several times like I had, it's well worth going back and replaying it with the updated patch from the Translation Project. The ending to the first scenario had been radically changed and cut short for the official English release in an attempt to better self contain it. With the update patch, you'll be able to experience the true ‘ending' to the scenario, which does a great job setting up the remaining chapters of the story.
Speaking of the story, the tale told throughout Shining Force III is nothing short of brilliant. Starting out with a peace conference gone wrong, rival nations begin mobilising their armies for war. Treachery and secret plans are revealed, centuries old cults and societies are revealed, and of course great battle between good and evil takes center stage as you move through the games. The characters that have been created in this game are extremely strong and memorable, adding so much more weight to the battles and your decisions. The Synchronicity System runs very deep within Shining Force III. An early example is from Scenario I, where you need to save a guard on the city docks. If you only play the first scenario, it seems like there is no consequence in letting them die, since even if you save them he's never seen again. It's not until the second game that you will see results. If they live then they join with the force. If they died, you get a completely different character. This is the first and one of the more obvious events in the series, but items that are found, characters that are spoken to, and enemies spared or killed can all have major effects on the second and third scenarios. It's a feature that is very rarely seen in video game series, and one that I've never seen used as effectively since. It really is great to see that your actions can make such a difference in the game world, and considering that each game will last you a very long time (over 20 hours usually), seeing old faces re-appear and remembering events from earlier games is especially rewarding. Shining Force III was a great game when it was just the one scenario, but as a trilogy it's even better. The collective of all scenarios in Shining Force III has to be one of Sega's finest moments in gaming. The trilogy is amazing fun to play, has tons of depth, and near flawless presentation. If you are an RPG fan (and even if you aren't), you really owe it to yourself to play these games, there really is nothing else quite like it. It's the kind of game that is quintessentially ‘Sega', and you won't be walking away disappointed.
+ Deep and fun battle system.
+ High replayability for an RPG thanks to Synchronicity System.
+ You will get your money's worth, very long games.
+ Great presentation on all fronts.
– Difficulty curve can be erratic at times
– Buying the original discs can be pricey!
Rating: A
Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker will not be attending next week's National GOP Convention in Cleveland, OH.
Baker made it clear to reporters after speaking at a dedication event at Bristol Community College's Fall River Campus Thursday that they and Lieutenant Governor Karyn Polito have more pressing matters to attend to as the legislature's calendar comes to a close for the summer.
"Karyn and I both think it's really important for us to be here because this is when a lot of the stuff that we've been working on for the past 18 months is going to come to fruition one way or the other," said Baker.
Over the course of this election cycle, Baker has been very open about their opposition to the presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and is not planning to change their mind anytime soon.
"I've said before that I don't plan to vote for them or for Hillary Clinton," Baker said. "I'm disappointed by that, I've been voting since I was 18 and this is the first time I've ever found myself in this situation."
When asked if they would consider casting a vote for a third-party candidate, Baker insisted they had enough to worry about on the Massachusetts ballot.
As for the assumed vice president pick by Trump, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, Baker said they have met them a few times at national events and that a selection for a running mate is "a very personal decision" for both parties.
Baker will be attending the National Governor's Association Summer Meeting in Des Moines, Iowa this weekend where they will chair a discussion on opioids. Recent Massachusetts legislation will be used as a framework for governors across the nation.
"We have managed to get over 40 governors to sign off on a sort of blueprint or playbook with respect on how to deal with this issue in their states that builds off of a lot of the work we've done here in Massachusetts," said Baker.
The Baker Administration's opioid abuse bill currently limits the amount of first-time opioid prescriptions from physicians and increases educational programs for both adults and children.
Map of bike trails in Australia
Router
Time by Bike
Maps
OSM - parts of Australia
Melbourne Bike Share
Permalink
Zoom
F11 key
Technology
Attributions - and with thanks to:
Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, etc ... Use the pulldown list, very bottom left to select a place in Australia. Different places show different layers. Try Melbourne then Sydney.The on and off road path information is also available for use in Google Earth: Cycling infrastructure in Australia Use at your own risk. Routers are a can of worms and rarely give perfect results. This router depends on the "ways" in Open Street Map being connected at both ends. In many cases they are not, especially for the off road paths - see this link . Hit the "Start routing" button and drag the A to B markers around to suit. You cannot click on any other markers while routing, so turn off routing before clicking on any other icons that may be of interest to you.You can use the Time by Bike layer to estimate travel times at different speeds. You can lock the rings centered on say your home location or have them track the map center. Click on the central icon to access the controls for Time by Bike.Use the controls on the left to zoom and pan the map. Use the Layer Switchers on the right hand side to select different maps and overlays. Most icons on the map will show further information when clicked on.When these two layers are activated, on road and off road paths are shown, in blue and green respectively. This is not a complete map.Shows station locations plus the number of bikes and empty docks at each station. Scan this bar code with your mobile.The permalink, bottom right, can be used to bookmark the current view for the next time you visit this site. Just right-click on the Permalink and select Bookmark This Link/Add to Favourites.On some layers the information displayed or the visibility of the information depends totally on the current Zoom level.In most browsers the F11 key can be used to enlarge and contract the map.This site can be slow and is probably unusable with slow internet connections or old browsers. Some layers can take seconds before they are drawn. However things change.
PayPal account holders who attended the Low Festival this summer were able to leave their wallets and purses at home, and instead use RFID wristbands to enter the event, as well as pay for drinks and other goods inside the park.
The festival vendors reported a 20 percent increase in consumption compared with that of previous events, due to a reduction in time consumers waited to make a purchase, while the attendees themselves indicated that they preferred the RFID wristbands to traditional payment methods. Based on that experience, PayPal has moved into other venues for the cash-free system, such as resorts and cruises.
Formerly known as "Low Cost," Low Festival is an annual, three-day summer music event held in Benidorm, Spain, featuring such bands as Massive Attack, Kaiser Chiefs and The Hives. It also provides multiple bars at which attendees can buy drinks or snacks throughout the program. In previous years, the festival provided customers with RFID wristbands from Intellitix that could be used instead of paper tickets as they entered through gates equipped with RFID readers. "So incorporating payments was a natural extension to that program," Nayar says (though PayPal was not involved in the previous RFID deployment).
The ability to throw an object with great force and accuracy was a key development in human evolution, claim scientists
Top baseball pitchers owe much of their success to our mammoth-hunting ancestors, a study suggests.
Humans evolved unique throwing skills some two million years ago to help them fell and kill wild beasts, say the researchers. Today, the same ability – which easily outperforms that of the much stronger chimpanzee – can be seen in baseball players and javelin throwers.
Features that boosted the "slingshot" power of shoulder muscles first appeared in an early forebear of modern humans called Homo erectus, the study suggests. Hunting activity intensified at this time, which may have been linked to these anatomical changes.
US researchers used a 3D camera system to analyse the throwing motions of baseball players. They found that the human shoulder acts like a slingshot during a throw, storing and releasing large amounts of energy.
"Chimpanzees are incredibly strong and athletic, yet adult male chimps can only throw about 20 miles per hour – one-third the speed of a 12-year-old little league pitcher," said lead scientist Dr Neil Roach from George Washington University.
"When humans throw, we first rotate our arms backwards away from the target. It is during this 'arm-cocking' phase that humans stretch the tendons and ligaments crossing their shoulder and store elastic energy. When this energy is released, it accelerates the arm forward, generating the fastest motion the human body produces, resulting in a very fast throw."
All this was made possible by a range of anatomical features that evolved together in H erectus around two million years ago, they said. These included the lowering and widening of the shoulders, the expansion of the waist and a twisting of the upper arm bone.
Dr Roach added: "We think that throwing was probably most important early on in terms of hunting behaviour, enabling our ancestors to effectively and safely kill big game. Eating more calorie-rich meat and fat would have allowed our ancestors to grow larger brains and bodies and expand into new regions of the world – all of which helped make us who we are today."
Professor Daniel Lieberman from Harvard University, who co-authored the research published in the journal Nature, said: "The ability to throw was one of a handful of changes that enabled us to become carnivores, which then triggered a host of changes that occurred later in our evolution.
"If we were not good at throwing and running and a few other things, we would not have been able to evolve our large brains, and all the cognitive abilities such as language that come with it. If it were not for our ability to throw, we would not be who we are today."
SOMERSWORTH, New Hampshire (Reuters) - It's not quite fly fishing or hiking, but welding is the latest merit badge Boy Scouts can earn - part of a full-court press to attract fresh talent to the critical occupation.
Jim Corbett (L) explains functions on a video screen at a virtual welding station in the American Welding Society (AWS)'s virtual welding trailer to Jim Ekenstedt at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis May 24, 2012. More than 140,000 new welders will be needed by 2019 to replace retirees and meet rising demand from natural gas drillers, steel producers, automakers and more, according to AWS. Among the roughly 450,000 U.S. welders, the average age is 55, and fewer than 20 percent are under the age of 35, according to AWS data. Picture taken May 24. REUTERS/Brent Smith
More than 140,000 new welders will be needed by 2019 to replace retirees and meet rising demand from natural gas drillers, steel producers, automakers and more, according to the American Welding Society (AWS).
The group helped the Boy Scouts of America award its first welding merit badge in March, hoping to offset waning interest in welding due to a cultural focus on four-year liberal arts degrees at the expense of community colleges and trade schools, industry experts say.
“The Scouts start realizing that welding could lead to a viable career,” said Sam Gentry of the AWS. “It's not just something to fix a fence.”
Among the roughly 450,000 U.S. welders, the average age is 55, and fewer than 20 percent are under the age of 35, according to AWS data.
Starting pay for welders is $45,000 per year. Welding engineers - those with advanced degrees - typically have a starting annual salary of $100,000.
Contrast that with the median U.S. annual household income of $49,445, according to the Census Bureau.
Welding, though, is not the cushiest job.
The roughly 2,800 degrees Fahrenheit needed to weld, the sparks, and the painstakingly slow process - it can take hours to weld only a few feet - do little to endear this skilled trade to notoriously impatient youth.
Some older welders have delayed retirement because of the weak economy, prompting concern that when they finally decide to hang up their welding guns, there won't be enough younger welders to replace them, said Kelly Zelesnik, dean of engineering technologies at Lorain County Community College in northeastern Ohio.
“The fear is that we're going to lose a lot of talented welders and welding technicians and not have anyone to back-fill the jobs,” they said.
In addition to the Boy Scouts partnership, the AWS has boosted the amount in scholarships it doles out each year.
It also built a $500,000 trailer equipped with “virtual” welding machines with the help of Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc. Last weekend, the machine made a pit stop at the Indianapolis 500 car race to tout the welding profession to young auto fans.
The machines mimic the touch, sight and sound of the welding process - everything except the pungent smell of smoke from molten metal, known as a fume plume.
There are several types of welding, but generally the process involves using a gas-powered heat torch to combine two pieces of metal by melting another piece of metal — usually in wire or stick form — between them.
Automation has been able to replicate part of the process — carmakers, for instance, rely heavily on machine welders — but human precision and the ability to react quickly if circumstances change remain crucial for most welding operations.
Training typically involves a two-year degree to gain practical experience in welding, but students can go on to get a four-year degree and become welding engineers to focus on design and welding theory.
“We don't believe we're graduating enough welders,” said Monica Pfarr, a welding industry consultant. “A lot of companies are having trouble finding the skilled employees they need.”
FRACKERS WORRY
While the welding shortage has prompted concern from heavy equipment manufacturer Caterpillar Inc, automaker General Motors and defense contractor Lockheed Martin, the fracking industry is even more worried.
Even among current welders, there is a stark need for pipeline welders, those who can build the lines that will transport natural gas from America's growing shale fields.
“When you weld pipeline, it's an even more complex process than traditional welding,” said Corky DeMarco, executive director of the West Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Association. “We are trying to train the next generation of welders who know a range of skills.”
David Seaton, CEO of engineering firm Fluor Corp, is concerned about labor costs and supply as their company helps build new chemical plants, pipelines, refineries and other large projects needing welders.
“I started in the construction field, and I've always enjoyed that,” Seaton said. “But I don't think we in the industry have done a really good job of educating that next wave of talent on the benefits of a long-term career in our market.”
There are small signs the industry's efforts are paying off.
The Boy Scouts have already run out of their first printing of 11,000 welding training manuals, which cost about $5 each.
Using the book, which outlines safety procedures, welding techniques and career potential, and through hands-on training in welding, Scouts can earn the badge in as little as 12 hours, the group says.
“Boys like discovering things, exploring things with their hands,” said Boy Scouts spokesperson Renee Fairrer. “Something like welding is of interest to boys because it's not necessarily something they see as part of their everyday existence.”
A representative for the Girl Scouts of the USA wasn't available to comment on a potential welding merit badge for the group's members.
RISK AND REWARD
Welding can be dangerous: 79 U.S. welders were killed on the job in 2010, more than miners, roofers and electricians, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Underwater welding is consistently ranked as one of the most dangerous professions. (It may have something to do with strapping an oxygen tank to your back while using an open flame.)
That being said, many students have job offers even before they graduate.
Zelesnik, the Lorain County Community College dean, advises their students to resist the temptation to drop out after only one or two classes to get a paycheck right away.
“They could be earning a lot more money if they think of welding as a career and not just think about being proficient in a process to get the next raise or job,” they said.
Alex Bartels, a high school senior in New Hampshire, tried welding for the first time earlier this year by donning a leather apron and thick metal goggles to help their father repair a trailer frame in their family's New Hampshire driveway.
Slideshow (5 Images)
The long, tedious process did not endear welding to Bartels as a career choice.
That perception is something the industry is going to have to address if it hopes to attract fresh talent.
“Welding would be a great side job,” said Bartels, who plans to enlist in the U.S. Army this fall and hopes to join the military police. “But it gets real boring, real fast.”
The North Dakota Industrial Commission has published the July production data for The Bakken and for all North Dakota.
Bakken production was down 5,430 barrels per day while all North Dakota was down 9,410 bpd.
Here is a more amplified view of what has happened during the last 12 months.
Bakken barrels per day per well has been falling faster than for all North Dakota. This is because a lot of very low producing conventional wells are being shut down.
This is chart reflects the monthly change in North Dakota barrels per day of production. It is quite noisy but the 12 month trailing average reflects a steady decline since December of 2014.
From the Director's Cut, bold mine.
June Sweet Crude Price1 = $47.73/barrel
July Sweet Crude Price = $39.41/barrel
Aug Sweet Crude Price = $29.52/barrel
Today's Sweet Crude Price = $30.25/barrel
(low-point since Bakken play began was $22.00 in Dec 2008)
(all-time high was $136.29 7/3/2008)
Comments: The drilling rig count dropped 5 from June to July, increased 1 from July to August, and dropped 5 this months. Operators are now committed to running fewer rigs than their planned 2015 minimum as drill times and efficiencies continue to improve and oil prices continue to fall. This has resulted in a current active drilling rig count of 10 to 15 rigs below what operators indicated would be their 2015 average if oil price remained below $65/barrel. The number of well completions fell from 149(final) in June to 119(preliminary) in July. Oil price weakness now anticipated to last well into next year is the main reason for the continued slow-down. There was one significant precipitation event in the Dickinson area, 12 days with wind speeds in excess of 35 mph (too high for completion work), and no days with temperatures below -10F.
Over 98% of drilling now targets the Bakken and Three Forks formations. At the end of July there were an estimated 914 wells waiting on completion services, 70 more than at the end of June.
Rig count in the Williston Basin had stabilized, but the drop in oil price associated with anticipation of lifting sanctions on Iran and a weaker economy in China is leading to further cuts. Utilization rate for rigs capable of 20,000+ feet is about 45% and for shallow well rigs (7,000 feet or fewer) about 25%.
Drilling permit activity increased from June to July but fell sharply from July to August as operators positioned themselves for low 2016 price scenarios. Operators already have a significant permit inventory should a return to the drilling price point occur in the next 12 months.
The number of wells producing in the Bakken in July was 10,038, an increase of 127. In all north Dakota the number of producing wells was 12,577, an increase of 107. That means at least 20 conventional wells were shut down. This begs the question of how Bakken wells could increase by 127 when wells completed were only 119 while at least 20 wells were shut down.
And this from the NDIC: County Break-Even Price
The EIA has released their Drilling Productivity Report came out Monday also. The chart below is their prediction of Bakken production through October
Below are their production predictions for the four major shale producing areas through October.
The Permian does not have nearly the decline rate as the rest of the shale patches because the Permian is about 50% conventional wells.
Here is the EIA's Drilling Productivity Report projection for US total shale production through October.
____________________________________________________________
I send an email notice whenever I publish a new post. If you would like to be added to that list please post me at DarwinianOne at Gmail.com
German intelligence is carefully watching 90 mosques for signs of terrorist activity as the head of the service warns Salafism is on the rise.
The German Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV) has expressed growing anxiety over mosques that may be linked to terrorism. “We are concerned that there are many mosques in Germany that we must look at,” said Hans-Georg Maassen who heads the domestic security agency.
They told German TV that they were looking not only at established mosques but also what they called “back-yard” mosques that are out of public view. These under the radar mosques are usually headed by self appointed imams who Maassen says frequently incite their followers to jihad, Frankfurter Allgemeine reports.
Maasen said that Germany needs to be serious in tackling the problems of Islamic fundamentalism and that would require the help of the Muslim community as much as government legislation. They described a “coalition against extremism” which would include Muslims, though they said that the current debate on the public role of Islam in Germany is “a topic of political discourse” and not the under the jurisdiction of their agency.
The words come in sharp contrast to some who say that the call for banning public symbols like the minaret, proposed by the anti-mass migration Alternative for Germany (AfD), are unconstitutional. Maassen said of the right wing party, “when the AfD are extremists, we look at them – just as we do with other parties,” but stressed they didn't currently regard them as extremist.
The security chief also talked about the ever present threat of a terror attack on German soil from the Islamic state. “The risk situation, we see as very serious. It has increased in recent months in Western Europe,” they said and noted that the agency was on high alert for a potential act of terror saying that Germany is at as much risk as France or Belgium.
The threat from the Islamic state is complex they warned at a press conference Monday saying, “we must continue to take into account multiple attack scenarios, by a plurality of cells to various destinations and possibly over several days.” Their statement comes after reports that the Islamic State network in Europe is much bigger than European police had previously thought earlier this year.
The agency said that the number of Muslims who believe in radical Islam has also grown substantially in number. Maassen said that there were at least 8,650 Salafists in Germany which is double the number from four years ago. Maassen and the agency believe the rise in number has much to do with internet radicalization and the slick propaganda of ISIS which was blamed for the radicalization of the two teens who carried out a terror attack on a Sikh temple last month.
A new ruling by the German constitutional court that said the Islamic state is not sufficiently dangerous to respond to earn the ire of Maassen who said that ISIS is engaging in asymmetrical warfare and that for Germany it is “a direct national interest that the Islamic State is eliminated.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nearly 4,000 British youngsters have shotgun licences, a Mirror investigation has found.
The figure was revealed as part of a probe into the true extent of gun ownership in the UK.
Home Office statistics revealed there are 1.3 million legal shotguns in England and Wales alone.
And we discovered 3,982 youngsters, all below the age of 18, have been granted shotgun certificates.
The Daily Mirror requested an age breakdown but the Home Office refused on technical grounds.
However in 2011 it was revealed 13 children aged under 10 were issued them. The youngest was just seven. There is no minimum age for applying for a certificate in the UK.
While most youngsters have the certificates for clay pigeon shooting or gamekeeping, Gun Control Network's Gill Marshall-Andrews said: “Youngsters with access to shotguns should always be worrying.”
(Image: Alamy Stock Photo)
The revelation emerged as the National Crime Agency was ordered to prioritise a firearms crackdown amid fears of a Paris-style terror attack in the UK.
Our investigation revealed there are 1.8 million legal guns in England and Wales. But gun experts believe that illegal weapons push the figure to more than four million for the whole of Britain.
Read more: Victim's friend tried to save them after submachine gun attack
Professor Peter Squires, of the National Police Chief's Council independent advisory group on the criminal use of firearms, said yesterday: “It will come as quite a shock for people to see a number like this.
“We think of ourselves as a non-gun culture, but you must remember every time there has been an atrocity people have been shocked that the gunmen had access to the kind of weapons they did.”
Prof Squires estimated there were around 500,000 illegal firearms on Britain's streets, including a “grey pool” of antique weapons and war souvenirs from pensioners.
(Image: Getty)
They added: “If you then consider the legacy of the Troubles in Northern Ireland and add Scotland into the mix it is very logical to conclude there are over four million weapons in the country.”
And it is believed criminals have turned to antique weapons as their firearm of choice.
Referring to the Dunblane massacre in 1996, when Thomas Hamilton killed 16 schoolchildren and a teacher, forensic scientist Ann Kiernan said: “Following Dunblane a lot of handguns were deactivated, but not very well, so criminals managed to replace working parts easily.
“When that avenue was shut down they moved to imitation firearms, which could also be converted, but then this was clamped down on. So what we see a lot nowadays is the use of antique weapons in crimes.”
Ms Marshall-Andrews set up Gun Control Network the wake of the Hungerford massacre in which loner Michael Ryan killed 16 people in 1987 in the Berkshire town.
They said of children's shotgun certificates: “In a way it is a historical hangover that we just can't seem to shake.”
(Image: Rex)
Referring to people who pay large sums to go game hunting on estates, they added: “The parents want their children to be brought up to do the same thing so they start them off early. It is part of a culture and a way of life many in rural settings want to perpetuate.”
Liam Stokes, head of shooting campaigns for the Countryside Alliance, said: “Legally held guns aren't dangerous. We have some of the world's most stringent gun control laws in the UK, and our national record for safety and low levels of gun crime are testament to that.
“We fully support efforts to crack down on terrorism and criminality, but that's a world apart from legal shooting.
“When discussing young people and shotguns it's important to remember that people aged 15 and under legally have to be supervised by someone aged 21 or over, and no one under the age of 18 can buy a gun or ammunition.
“Young people hold Shotgun Certificates so they can legally be coached in safe shooting and allow them to get a safe, supervised start in these fantastic sports and ensure the next generation of game shooters and Olympians.”
Firearm certificates cover any lethal barrelled weapon from which any shot, bullet or other missile can be discharged.
Shotgun certificates cover any smooth bore weapon such as pump-action, self-loading or semi-automatic shotguns.
A local bus company in Atlanta, USA, has released CCTV footage of the moment a freight train struck one of their buses at a level crossing.
According to the officials at the company, the bus arrived at a junction waiting to turn left, but was blocked by traffic.
The passengers on board soon realised that there was a train on its way and began shouting at the conductor to let them out.
CCTV shows the passengers making their escape through the doors of the bus just in the nick of time as the freight train slams into the bus, spinning it around.
However the driver remained on board and was flung from their seat. Thankfully, they later escaped.
According to local reports, all passengers and the driver were taken to the hospital - with one passenger suffering serious injuries.
Reports also said police are looking for the driver of a red pickup truck that stopped in front of the bus before the crash.
Deciding not to have a kid is like saying one big no and a million little yeses
Getty Images
Lately, I'm really getting how much energy it takes to not do something. And how much of not doing things I've done and sometimes not done. Not eating. Not smoking. Not becoming my mother. Not not becoming my mother. And, most pertinently here, not having kids.
Not having kids is saying one big no. No to the same thing over and over and over. So that you can say yes to everything else. I picked one big no and a million little yeses. I didn't want to have to say no all the time. I'm already such a negative person. Cheerful, but negative.
If you don't believe me, maybe you will believe Greg. Greg is the man I didn't have children with. Some women meet a man and think This is the father of my children. I met Greg and thought, Now here's a man I cannot have kids with.
I thought about having kids, of course. But on a gut level, I just didn't want to. I thought maybe I should anyway. In fact, maybe I should especially because I didn't want to. Like the way you should exercise especially when you feel lazy. But having kids especially because I didn't want to? It didn't seem like bringing another person onto the earth as a contrary action to my character flaws of selfishness and fear seemed wise. Or fair to the kid.
Plus, I just didn't want to.
(POLL: What Do You Think of the Childfree Life?)
As a grown-up, I've met plenty of women who have had careers they loved and also had kids. But I've also met plenty who've made too many compromises. Plenty of guys who have done the same. I had no dreams of family life. I had a dream of an art life.
Somewhere right around the time I was thinking maybe I was wrong about not having kids, a yoga teacher did an adjustment on me. After the adjustment, the sound of ripping.
“Is that your pants?” they asked, adding insult to injury.
In the following months, I tried to heal the hamstring with every combination of heat and ice I could think of, including whiskey on the rocks. Finally the teacher sent me to see Mimi and Moses Yu. A husband-and-wife team of acupuncturists who ran a low-rent clinic in East L.A. The luck of the draw assigned me to Mimi. They had me pull down my pants and lie on the table. It didn't hurt. It didn't hurt so much I started to cry.
“You can't take the pain,” they said. “Jewish girls so spoiled. You better never have baby.” Is that even legal to say?
You don't notice the absence of pain until there is pain. In the same way, you don't notice the absence of children until there are children. I like children by the way. It was never that. And they like me. Liking has nothing to do with it.
Because Mimi Yu told me I shouldn't have a baby, I started thinking about having a baby. I started to want to experience childbirth. Just so I could prove that I could take the pain. I couldn't really take the pain though.
(MORE: Life Without Kids)
I started thinking maybe there was a way to not have a child but not not have a child. Had no idea what that would be. I'd always said I'd have a daughter if I could have an eighteen-year-old. Ha ha.
And then one day the phone rang.
“Do you ever have interns?” asked a sweet girl on the other end. We never had, but we could. They said they came to our show, The UnCabaret, quite frequently, and really loved it. So they were smart enough to open with flattery. I liked that. So I said come over. We sent them on a Xeroxing run, and they did a good job. I asked if they were hungry. They looked hungry.
“Yes, I'm always hungry,” they said. So I made them some chili. And that was that.
I got to be a mother to an eighteen-year-old. Not a mother mother. Not a stepmother. Not a surrogate mother. Not a foster mother. But what I came to think of as a pseudo mother.
Them name is Jaime. Like J'aime. I love.
I got to be a pseudo mother without tapping into my deep well of negativity. Yes, they could drop out of college for which they were accruing debt to major in a field they were only studying to please their parents who weren't paying for it. I got to tell them yes they could work for my radio show. I got to tell them yes it was okay to start having sex. And yes to quitting their job so that they could go back to school for pre-med and yes to med school as an older student. And then one day, they were driving away in a new car that their on-again, off-again, big-time screenwriting boyfriend had given them
I hired her, I encouraged her, I fed her, I gave them clothes. Now I only see them on Facebook. And maybe I will hardly ever get to see them again. But I love them I love them in that way that isn't a friend or a lover or anything besides a child. Even though she's not mine. And maybe for me that was the most important part of not having a child. Learning to love and not want to possess. To put away no and start saying yes.
Excerpted from No Kidding: Women Writers on Bypassing Parenthood edited by Henriette Mantel. Available from Seal Press, a member of the Perseus Books Group. Copyright 2013.
To read the full TIME cover story, “The Childfree Life: When Having It All Means Not Having Children,” subscribe here. Already a subscriber? Click here.
It's the one event where Republic FC has a shot at proving on the pitch its motto: “Built for MLS.”
The 102nd annual Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup brings together amateur, minor-league pro and Major League Soccer teams for a national 81-team competition from late April to late September. It's an event unlike anything in American professional sports.
Republic FC plays the amateur Sonoma County Sol in the second round of the Cup on Wednesday nightat Bonney Field.
“It's a great competition, and it's a competition you want to go and do as well as you can,” Republic FC coach Preki said. “We are taking this game serious.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Wednesday's match is the tournament opener for the defending USL champions, who advanced to the fourth round last season before falling to the San Jose Earthquakes 2-1 in San Francisco.
MLS teams have dominated the late rounds of the competition since that league's first season in 1996.
Only one non-MLS team has won the U.S. Open Cup in the past 19 years – the USL's Rochester Rhinos in 1999. Two others have reached the championship match, the Rhinos in 1996 and the USL's Charleston Battery in 2008.
But plenty of MLS teams have been upset in the earlier rounds through the years, something Preki and veteran stars Rodrigo Lopez and Justin Braun experienced during their MLS tenures.
Preki was a member of the Kansas City Wizards (now Sporting Kansas City) that lost to the amateur San Francisco Bay Seals in the third round in 1997. They were an assistant coach and Lopez a player on the 2006 Chivas USA team that lost on penalty kicks to the amateur Dallas Roma FC.
“We were the best team in MLS at that point, and we lost our first-round Open Cup,” said Lopez, who did not play in the match. “It was one of those games that showed that if you don't come prepared, you miss opportunities and you let an amateur team hang around, you are going to be punished.”
Preki was the head coach and Braun a forward on the 2009 Chivas USA team that lost to Charleston 3-1, one season after the Battery's title-match appearance.
“Not to give any excuses, we always gave everybody an opportunity to play in those early Open Cup matches,” said Preki, a U.S. Open Cup champion as a player with Kansas City in 2004. “The second group wasn't ready for it that day, and we lost fair and square.”
Preki said that's the paradox of the Open Cup. Because matches are held midweek in the midst of league seasons, pro teams rarely play their top 11. So they plan to start mostly reserve players against the Sol, which defeated the Burlingame Dragons 2-1 in extra time in their May 13 first-round game (USL teams don't enter until the second round) and is 6-0-1 in the National Premier Soccer League this season.
“We are going to give guys an opportunity to show what they can do,” Preki said. “Hopefully, the guys can step up and do their business because they are professionals.”
Most of Preki's starters, including Lopez and Braun, played the entire way in Sunday's 1-0 USL win over LA Galaxy II in Carson. Lopez thinks the carrot of getting to play MLS teams in later rounds, if not the championship match, is huge motivation for the players.
“I think whoever plays (Wednesday) is going to be ready because we all want to make the best run possible in Open Cup,” said Lopez, who scored their league-leading seventh goal Sunday to move Sacramento back on top of the Western Conference. “We feel we have a good enough team to make some history.”
A lawmaker who helped negotiate a bipartisan bill to overhaul immigration predicted on Sunday that comprehensive legislation would overwhelmingly pass the Senate by July 4 while House Republicans cautioned that they would write their own version, one piece at a time.
Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said they anticipate as many as 70 of the 100 senators will vote for the measure heading to the full Senate on June 10. Even if it passes there, the proposal faces tough prospects in the Republican-led House, where lawmakers are at work on their own piecemeal approach that could stall a pathway to citizenship for the estimated 11 million immigrants living in this country illegally.
“We are moving forward because we believe in a bipartisan way this is so vital for America, and we'll have a good bill,” Schumer said, pledging to allow colleagues to amend the legislation.
Not so fast, House lawmakers cautioned.
“That Senate bill is not going to move in the House,” said Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla.
For months, four Democratic senators met with four Republican colleagues behind closed doors and developed a proposal that would enact new border controls and enforcement mechanisms in the workplace, allow tens of thousands of workers into the country legally for high- and low-skilled jobs and create a 13-year path to citizenship for those already living here illegally. It passed through the Senate Judiciary Committee last month by a vote of 13 to 5; three Republicans joined the Democratic majority.
House lawmakers, though, have pledged to put together their own measure — likely taking components of the comprehensive Senate plan one at a time and adding their own priorities.
“We think it's better to do it with a step-by-step approach,” said House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va.
“We'll continue down that path, but the final outcome in terms of the form of the legislation is not yet known,” they added.
Democrats and Republicans alike recognized the political potency of the issue. The Senate, led by Democrats, is putting added pressure on the House, led by Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio.
“Congressman Boehner is in a box. There are about 60 or 70 of their people who are against any immigration reform. But at the same time, they know that the Republican Party will be consigned to a minority party for a generation if they're anti-immigration,” Schumer said.
In 2012, President Barack Obama won re-election with 71 percent of Hispanic voters and 73 percent of Asian voters backing him. A thwarted immigration overhaul could send those voting blocs more solidly to Democrats' side.
“We are hard at work on this problem. We have a broken immigration system in the country, it needs to be fixed, our legal immigration, our enforcement and figuring out the appropriate legal status for people who are not lawfully present in the United States all need to be addressed,” Goodlatte said.
But it is unlikely to be a sweeping answer in the House, lawmakers said.
“I don't know if we'll have comprehensive reform or we will have it piece-by-piece. But that Senate bill may not even pass the Senate itself,” Ros-Lehtinen said.
Schumer spoke to NBC's “Meet the Press.” Ros-Lehtinen was interviewed on CNN's “State of the Union.” Goodlatte was on “Fox News Sunday.”
(AP)
Warheads will be networked, and that presents unique challenges for the U.S. Air Force.
Future nuclear missiles may be siloed but, unlike their predecessors, they'll exhibit “some level of connectivity to the rest of the warfighting system,” according to Werner J.A. Dahm, the chair of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. That opens up new potential for nuclear mishaps that, until now, have never been a part of Pentagon planning. In 2017, the board will undertake a study to see how to meet those concerns. “Obviously the Air Force doesn't conceptualize systems like that without ideas for how they would address those surety concerns,” said Dahm.
It's no simple or straight-forward undertaking. The last time the United States designed an intercontinental ballistic missile was 1975. At the end of the December, the Air Force Science Board announced that in 2017 they would explore safety and practical concerns of making a missile for the modern age along with other nuclear weapons that fall under the command of the Air Force.
“We have a number of nuclear systems that are in need of recapitalization,” said Dahm, referring to LRSO, ICBMs and the B-21 stealth bomber. In the future, they said, “these systems are going to be quite different from the ones that they may replace. In particular, they will be much more like all systems today, network connected. They'll be cyber enabled.” That connectivity will create new concerns in terms of safety and certification that will almost certainly require changes or additions to current DoD directives.
The study comes at a critical time for the future of U.S. Nuclear Weapons. On December 22, Donald Trump confused and alarmed the world when they tweeted that they would both strengthen and expand America's nuclear weapons capability. But there was less new in the announcement than might actually appear. In fact, the Obama Administration was working to fullfill the “strengthening” part of that same promise, having already put the United States on track to spend more than $1 trillion on modernization of U.S. nuclear weapons.
For the United States Air Force, the modernization list includes replacing the LGM-30 Minuteman with a new intercontinental ballistic missile (also called a ground-based strategic deterrent,) developing a controversial nuclear-armed cruise missile called the long-range standoff weapon, or LRSO, to building and deploying an entirely new B-21 stealth bomber.
What are “surety concerns?” Read that to mean how do you make sure that your fancy networked nuclear warfare control system can't be hijacked or go off accidently.
Before the United States can modernize its nuclear weapons it must first make certain it understands everything that can possibly go wrong. Think back to the classic film ( and book ) Dr. Strangelove, a story very much about surety failure. A crazed Air Force general sends their B-52 wing to destroy their targets in the Soviet Union. Of course, only the President is supposed to be able to call for a nuclear strike, but an obscure contingency plan (Wing Attack Plan R) allows a lower level commander to issue the order in the event that the normal command and control has been disrupted.
The Pentagon can't call back the wing because the B-52s can no longer receive transmissions unless preceded by specific three-letter code that only the general knows, part of a poorly thought-out safety scheme to protect the airmen from false orders. Even after the recall code is issued and most of the plans abort their missions, one continues on to a new tertiary target, as the plane's radio has been damaged in combat. (Somehow, the drafters of Wing Attack Plan R forgot to insert a rule ordering pilots back to base when their radios are damaged, rather than continue to target.) The lone B-52 hits its target and sets in motion the end of the world.
Surety failure squared.
According to Defense Department Directive 3150.02 , which outlines the Air Force's Nuclear Surety Program, the directive assigns “responsibilities for DoD Nuclear Weapons Surety for the oversight of safety, security, and control of U.S. nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon systems in DoD custody.”
“We have formal Air Force documents that detail the formal certification process for nuclear weapons. To what extent do the current models for certifying nuclear systems carry over into these modern, network enabled systems and how would you reconceptualize certification for systems that are likely to come out of these recap programs?” asked Dahm. The 2017 Air Force Scientific Advisory Board study will attempt to answer those questions. The board consists of 50 members that are appointed by the Secretary of Defense and are drawn from academia, industry, and elsewhere. Members serve for four years.
The fact that future nuclear weapons will be far more networked (though not necessarily to the open Internet) will create better safety and oversight, and allow for more coordinated operations. But more connectivity also introduces opens up new potential vulnerabilities and dangers.
“You have to be able to certify that an adversary can't take control of that weapon, that the weapon will be able to do what it's supposed to do when you call on it,” said Dahm. “It isn't just cyber. That's definitely the biggest piece, but …When was the last time we built a new nuclear system? Designed and built one? It's been several decades now. We, as an Air Force, haven't done certification of new nuclear systems in a long time. These systems are different … What are the surety vulnerabilities for such a system, so to speak? How would you address them? How would you certify that the system will work when you need it to work and will do what it's supposed to do?”
That's what the study will cover.
Scientists at The University of Manchester has generated a new star-shaped molecule made up of interlocking rings, which is the most complex of its kind ever created.
Known as a ‘Star of David' molecule, scientists have been trying to create one for over a quarter of a century and the team's findings are published at 1800 London time / 1300 US Eastern Time on 21 September 2014 in the journal Nature Chemistry.
Consisting of two molecular triangles, entwined about each other three times into a hexagram, the structure's interlocked molecules are tiny – each triangle is 114 atoms in length around the perimeter. The molecular triangles are threaded around each other at the same time that the triangles are formed, by a process called ‘self-assembly', similar to how the DNA double helix is formed in biology.
The molecule was created at The University of Manchester by PhD student Alex Stephens.
Professor David Leigh, in Manchester's School of Chemistry, said: “It was a great day when Alex finally got it in the lab. In nature, biology already uses molecular chainmail to make the tough, light shells of certain viruses and now we are on the path towards being able to reproduce its remarkable properties.
“It's the next step on the road to human-made molecular chainmail, which could lead to the development of new materials which are light, flexible and very strong. Just as chainmail was a breakthrough over heavy suits of armour in medieval times, this could be a big step towards materials created using nanotechnology. I hope this will lead to many exciting developments in the future.”
The team's next step will be to make larger, more elaborate, interlocked structures.
Notes for editors
The scientists' work was funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC).
Pictures and a video of the ‘Star of David' molecule are available.
The paper 'A Star of David catenane' has been scheduled for Advance Online Publication (AOP) on Nature Chemistry's website at 1800 London time / 1300 US Eastern Time on 21 September 2014. To access the paper DOI for the above paper will be 10.1038/nchem.2056. Once the paper is published electronically, the DOI can be used to retrieve the abstract and full text from the Nature website by adding it to the following url: http://dx.doi.org/. Embargos for papers published in this way will lift at the time of electronic publication.
Media enquiries:
Katie Brewin or Aeron Haworth
Media Relations Office
The University of Manchester
Tel: 0161 275 8387
This article is about the incident in the 1992 Los Angeles riots. For the English actor, see Reginald Denny (actor)
Attack on Reginald Denny Looking east from the southwestern corner of Florence and Normandie, in March 2010. Date April 29, 1992 Time 6:46 PM Location Los Angeles, California, U.S. Coordinates Coordinates: Suspect(s) Damian Williams, Henry Watson, Antoine Miller, Gary Williams
The attack on Reginald Denny was a racially-motivated hate crime in the 1992 Los Angeles riots in which Reginald Denny, a white construction truck driver, was beaten nearly to death by a group of black men who came to be known as the "L.A. Four". The attack was captured on video by a news helicopter, and broadcast live on US national television.
Background [ edit ]
On March 3, 1991, a plumbing salesperson and amateur videographer named George Holliday video-recorded motorist Rodney King at the end of a police pursuit, being beaten by Los Angeles Police Department officers. The outrage resulting from the acquittal of these police officers was the principal cause of the 1992 Los Angeles riots.
Attack [ edit ]
On April 29, 1992, at 5:39 pm, Denny loaded their red dump truck with 27 tons (25.5 t) of sand and began driving to a plant in Inglewood, where the sand was due. They left the Santa Monica Freeway and took a familiar shortcut across Florence Avenue to get to their destination. Their truck had no radio, so they did not realize that they were driving into a riot. At 6:46 pm, after entering the intersection at Normandie, rioters threw rocks at their windows, and they heard people shouting for them to stop, forcing them to do so in the middle of the street. Antoine Miller climbed up and opened the truck door, giving an unidentified man the chance to pull Denny out and throw them on the ground. Henry Watson stood on Denny's neck to hold them down as a group of men surrounded them and Anthony Brown kicked them in the abdomen. Miller searched Denny's back pockets before climbing into the truck and running off with a stolen bag. As Watson walked away, two other unidentified men joined in the attack: one hurled a five-pound oxygenator stolen from Larry Tarvin's truck at Denny's head, and the other kicked them and hit them with a claw hammer. As Denny tried to stand up, Damian Williams threw a piece of brick at the side of their head, which knocked them unconscious.[1] Williams pointed and laughed at Denny, did a victory dance in the road, and flashed gang signs at news helicopters, including that of Robert Tur and their wife, Marika Gerrard, who were televising the events live from above. Brown joined Williams in flashing gang signs and spat on Denny. One man stood over him, filming Denny as they lay bleeding on the ground but did not try to help him.[2]
Denny remained on the ground next to their truck, bloodied and unconscious as some residents threw bottles at him. Gary Williams approached Denny and rifled through their pockets before fleeing. As Denny slowly came to and got up to their knees, the man who had earlier assaulted them with a hammer ran up and gave them a flying kick to the face. On the other side of the truck, Lance Parker stopped on their motorcycle and attempted to shoot the fuel tank with a shotgun but missed, before driving off. Bobby Green Jr., Lei Yuille, and Titus Murphy and Terri Barnett (boyfriend and girlfriend), who had been watching the events on television, came to Denny's aid. Denny eventually dragged themselves back into the cab, and drove away from the scene slowly and erratically.[3] Green (also a truck driver),[4] boarded Denny's truck and took over at the wheel and drove them to the Daniel Freeman Hospital in Inglewood. Those who helped Denny were recognized by the City of Los Angeles, TRW trucking, and Washington Mutual Bank (now Chase Bank).
Paramedics who attended to Denny said they came very close to death. Soon after Green brought Denny to the hospital, they suffered a seizure. Their skull was fractured in 91 places and pushed into their brain. Their left eye was so badly dislocated that it would have fallen into their sinus cavity had the surgeons not replaced the crushed bone with a piece of plastic. A permanent crater remains in their forehead despite efforts to correct it.
Reginald Denny [ edit ]
Reginald Oliver Denny (born January 22, 1956), was a 36-year-old construction dump truck driver. On the first day of the rioting, Denny was attacked by several men, pulled from their International Road Tractor and brutally beaten, sustaining serious head trauma and other injuries. Denny's ability to speak and drive were affected by the attack, and they had to undergo years of rehabilitative therapy. During their recovery, they received over 27,000 get-well cards from supportive members of the community.[5]
The "L.A. Four" [ edit ]
The "L.A. Four" was a nickname given to the first four men charged with the attack on Denny: Damian Williams, Henry Watson, Antoine Miller, and Gary Williams. Two additional men, Anthony Brown and Lance Parker, were also charged with the attack on Denny but not until after the "L.A. Four" nickname had spread. The six were redubbed the "L.A. Four Plus".[6]
Damian Monroe Williams (born March 17, 1973) was a 19-year-old with a criminal record including arrests for battery, robbery, resisting arrest, and hit-and-run but no convictions. A football star in high school, they dreamed of becoming a professional football player and briefly played in a semi-professional league. When they were 16, they dropped out of school and became a member of the 71 Hustlers (an affiliation of the Eight Tray Gangster Crips) and had a three-month old son at the time of the incident. Less than an hour before their attack on Denny, they witnessed their older brother being arrested by police and was seen at the intersection assaulting and robbing an Asian man.[7] Williams became one of the more recognized participants of the L.A. riots due to the live news broadcast of their attack on Denny and their somewhat memorable nickname, which was repeated frequently in news media.[1][7]
Henry "Kiki" Watson [ edit ]
Henry Keith Watson was a 27-year-old former US Marine and an ex-convict who had served time for armed robbery. After their release from prison, they married, had a daughter, and was working two jobs at the time of the incident.[8] Before assaulting Denny, Watson was seen near the intersection in a bloodied shirt and kicking truck driver Larry Tarvin in the head.[9]
Antoine "Twan" Miller [ edit ]
Antoine Eugene Miller (May 5, 1972 – February 8, 2004) was a 19-year-old who lived with Damian Williams' family. Miller's mother was a drug addict, so as a child, Miller was sent to live with their grandmother. When they were 12, their grandmother killed their grandfather during an argument and was convicted of their murder, leaving Miller homeless. Miller had previously been arrested for misdemeanor drug charges, joyriding, and failing to appear in court.[8] Before the attack on Denny, Miller was seen looting several motorists of their belongings.[9]
Gary Williams [ edit ]
Gary Anthony Williams was a 33-year-old crack addict described as a "drifter" and a "hustler" who begged at a local gas station. Although they claimed to work there, their arrest record listed them as unemployed.[8]
Trials [ edit ]
On May 12, outgoing Los Angeles police chief Daryl Gates started a search for three of Denny's attackers, who were identified from the video of the beating. Gates themselves arrested Damian Williams, while other officers arrested Henry Watson and Antoine Miller. Soon afterward, Gary Williams gave themselves up to the police. The three arrested men were suspected to be part of the Eight Trey Gangster Crips.
Judge John W. Ouderkirk granted Miller a separate trial on the grounds that the strong evidence against Watson and Damian Williams could harm their case; Miller was sentenced to 17 months in jail and 27 months on probation. Gary Williams was sentenced to three years in jail for attempting to rob Denny and assaulting another man.
Edi M.O. Faal was Damian Williams' defense attorney, and Earl C. Broadly was Henry Watson's. On July 28, 1993, Watson's and Williams' trial began. The two were charged with the assault of Denny as well as five other motorists and two firefighters who were driving past the intersection of Florence and Normandie shortly after the start of the Los Angeles riots on April 29. At the trial, Denny faced their attackers for the first time since they had assaulted him. On August 12, 1993, a jury of five whites, three blacks, three Latinos, and one Asian was chosen. As in the Rodney King police trial, the prosecution relied heavily on video shot by a third party, this time in a helicopter. They also planned to build up portraits of Watson and Williams as criminals, antisocial, and beyond likelihood of rehabilitation and redemption. On August 19, Deputy District Attorney Lawrence Morrison delivered the opening statement and a week later, the videotape of the beating was shown. The doctors who treated Denny testified, describing their wounds and their efforts to repair them. Next to testify were witnesses of the beating and Denny's rescuers. The prosecution rested on September 17, 1993. The defense began pleading on September 20, making a case for unpremeditated assault, with Faal challenging the video evidence and portraying Williams as a victim of poverty and racism. In the closing arguments, the defense attorneys claimed that Williams and Watson were being used as scapegoats for the L.A. riots. The prosecution counter-argued that the two had knowingly tried to kill Denny and were not victims.
After a few jury changes, a hung jury resulted for all charges except a felony count of mayhem for Williams and one misdemeanor assault charge for both Williams and Watson on October 18. Watson was given credit for time served and was sentenced to three years probation for the assaults of Denny and truck driver Larry Tarvin. Williams was denied bail and sentenced to a maximum of ten years for the assaults of Denny and four other people on December 7, 1993. As the families of the defendants celebrated the lesser sentences, Denny surprisingly approached Williams' mother, Georgiana, and hugged them For weeks afterwards, public debate about racism and whether the verdicts were just or unjust raged on.[10]
Aftermath [ edit ]
As a result of the injuries they suffered during the attacks, Denny had to undergo years of rehabilitative therapy, and their speech and ability to walk were permanently damaged.[10] After unsuccessfully suing the city of Los Angeles, Denny moved to Arizona, near Lake Havasu, to work as an independent boat motor mechanic.[10] Denny has largely avoided the media and rarely speaks publicly about their ordeal.[10]
In 1997, Damian Williams was released from prison early for good behavior, but in 2003, they were sentenced to 46 years to life in prison for the 2000 murder of drug dealer Grover Tinner.[11] They currently reside at Calipatria State Prison.[12] After their trial, Watson appeared on The Phil Donahue Show where they personally apologized to Denny and shook their hand.[13] Watson was re-arrested and sentenced to three years for a narcotics conviction, and after their release, owned and operated a limousine service in Los Angeles.[14] On February 1, 2004, Antoine Miller was shot outside of a Hollywood nightclub during an altercation and died in Cedars-Sinai Medical Center on February 8 at the age of 31.[15] Gary Williams, Henry Watson, and Damian Williams gave interviews about the riots for John Ridley's 2017 documentary Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982–1992.[16]
Related litigation [ edit ]
The best available footage of Denny's beating on April 29, 1992, was filmed by Marika Tur from a helicopter piloted by their then-spouse, reporter Robert Tur. Together, they operated a company called Los Angeles News Service (LANS). In the rush to cover the riots as they developed, dozens of television networks and stations around the world simply copied and aired the LANS footage without permission.[citation needed]
LANS sued nearly all of them in federal court for copyright infringement; at least one of these lawsuits was successful.[17] The last case was finally settled in 2004. Only a handful of stations, mostly in California, already had preexisting agreements with LANS or waited to negotiate agreements before airing the footage, and thus were not sued.[citation needed]
In July 2006, LANS sued the site YouTube in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, for copyright infringement. LANS alleged in the lawsuit that, in the space of one week, a version of the video uploaded by a YouTube user was viewed over 1,000 times via the site. They argued this hurt their ability to license the video. YouTube requested summary judgment based on DMCA safe harbor, which was denied. LANS voluntarily dismissed the case without prejudice, planning to join a class action against YouTube in New York. YouTube appealed both the dismissal and the summary judgment ruling. However, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit dismissed the appeal.[18]
The best board games tell dynamic stories, plunging gamers into narratives of their own creation as they race to outwit, outthink, and out-dice roll their opponents. Tabletop gaming can often make for a cinematic experience when designers aren't trying to evoke a specific film or genre, which makes a game like Last Friday look all the more intriguing. Here is a board game that is specifically trying to recreate an old school slasher movie in the Friday the 13th mold and for those of us who occupy a specific sliver on a diagram measuring horror movie fans and tabletop fans, it looks like a potentially amazing experience.
The creation of Italian game designers Antonio Ferrara and Sebastiano Fiorillo, Last Friday leans heavily on the iconography of a certain flavor of horror movie. The game board is an isolated summer camp. Some players step into the shoes of various archetypes (Nerds! Jocks! Stereotypical “Final Girl”!). One player takes on the role of a deadly killer, who stalks around the board attempting to claim victims on a mission of bloody revenge.
Although I can't speak for the gameplay, I'm a huge fan of “hidden movement” games, where one player secretly moves around a map while everyone else works together in full view. This style of game works exceptionally well for the horror genre, with board game masterpieces like Fury of Dracula and Letters From Whitechapel using the lack of available information to ratchet up tension around the table to unbearable levels. Last Friday‘s board bears a strong resemblance to Letters From Whitechapel (with dozens of potential locations/hiding spots marked by numbers), but the actual design seems to reverse its dynamic. While that game is about a team of cops hunting down a hidden serial killer, Last Friday appears to be about a team of campers being hunted by a hidden serial killer. That's a refreshing twist on a gaming genre I already love. I can already hear my friends and family scream and shout as they watch their buddies get picked off one-by-one around the table.
Although an exact North American release date has not been specified, it looks like the publisher is targeting an August release date for the English language version of the game (the game's Facebook page is full of images from an Italian printing).
Here's an official description of the game:
Designed by Antonio Ferrara and Sebastiano Fiorillo (authors of the horror-themed card game “Stay Away!”), Last Friday is a game for two to six players, divided into four chapters full of horror and suspense (Arrival at the Camp, The Chase, The Massacre and The Final Chapter). Each chapter plays out very differently, as the hunter becomes the prey, then comes back from the dead looking for revenge.
If lore is your thing, here is the game's thematic description, which borrows more than its fare share of horror tropes:
Five friends were contacted by the counselors at Camp Apache, a summer camp nestled deep in the woods. In exchange for a weekend getaway at the camp, the friends agreed to make some repairs and get the place ready for the coming season. What they don't know, is that they are about to experience the most terrifying weekend of their lives. Locals believe the camp is cursed due to unexplainable misfortunes over the years. Campfire legend tells of a murderer who died at Camp Apache and is determined to seek revenge from the grave. Several days before their arrival, a decomposed body was fished out of the lake by some divers. The authorities weren't able to identify the body and had the corpse buried in the cemetery several miles from the infamous camp. Some believe the body from the lake belongs to the legendary murderer who refuses to stay dead. The unprepared group will soon discover the horrifying truth. Is the body resting peacefully in the cemetery or has the maniac returned to carry out their brutal revenge?
You can find more information and images at the game's Facebook page, but you can check out pictures of the box art and the game board below. In any case, Last Friday looks like a nice way to bide your time while the producers of the next Friday the 13th movie figure out what the hell they're doing with the series.
Road vehicles in Toronto first went under the command of traffic lights 88 years ago this week. Where as in 1925 just one intersection had an electric set of signals, now there are around 2,300 sets of red, yellow, and green lights - some on a sensor, some on a timer - regulating how cars, buses, streetcars, cyclists, and pedestrians move around the city.
In 1963, Toronto became the first municipality in the world to computerize its traffic operations. In the 1920s, however, the city was already playing catch-up with other cities in the province when it came to getting traffic cops and their signs out of the middle of the street.
Before electric signals became commonplace, traffic at each major downtown intersection was supervised by a dedicated uniformed police equipped with a large rotating sign. Standing smack in the middle of the intersection, sometimes perilously between the streetcar tracks, the officer would spin the sign to indicate which direction should proceed.
Hundreds of American and a handful of Canadian cities - Windsor, London, Hamilton - had electric traffic signals while Toronto continued to stick with its traffic cops. It's hard now to imagine a time when regulating traffic with a set of colour-coded lights was an unusual concept in need of a detailed explanation, but it was once so in 1925.
In the mid-20s even second-hand cars still cost around $400 - $5,300 in today's money - and represented a significant investment beyond the reach of many. Despite the cost, Ford, Chevrolet, Dodge, and Jewett cars were becoming a powerful presence on Toronto's already crowded streets, and the city was keen to keep the roads organized and safe even though there were just 22 auto accidents recorded 1925.
As a result, Bloor, St. Clair, Dundas, Spadina, University and other major arterial streets were widened in the two decades following the turn of the century for additional vehicle capacity at the expense of hundreds of trees, lush grass verges, and wide sidewalks.
The Crouse-Hinds Company system chosen to conduct a test of signal technology in Toronto had been installed on the first traffic lights just over the lake in Syracuse the year before, in 1924.
In one part of the American city, Tipperary Hill, the lights were intentionally hung upside down, with the red at the bottom, in response to vandalism by Irish residents upset that the "British" colour was on top and the "Irish" on the bottom, or so the story goes. The lights there are still upside down.
In Toronto, the lights were first arranged in a horizontal row so that red, yellow, and green were all at the same level. At Yonge and Bloor, the intersection chosen as a testing ground for the experiment (the city wasn't sure it would actually stick with the idea,) streetcars in both directions and pedestrians were required to abide by the new rules as well.
Here's how the Toronto Star explained, a little verbosely, the system of colours to wide-eyed drivers:
"... when the red light is showing on the north and south poles all north and southbound traffic ceases, when the yellow appears a warning is given to all who are approaching the intersection that the signal is about to change from "Stop" to "Go" and this interval gives a chance to those who are on the intersection to get across the street before the other traffic begins. Four lights are burning all the time, two reds and two greens or four yellow."
The first test turned out to be something of a spectacle. "A large crowd was gathered at the corner expectantly waiting for something to happen but apart from the excitement of watching the lights change in colour and laugh at the expense of some luckless motorist who was made to back across the street because they had failed to obey the signal, the watchers were disappointed," the paper noted.
In general, drivers found the concept easy to grasp despite the sudden and confusing introduction. That said, a team of four cops granted quite a few mulligans on the first day, politely explaining the rules to anyone bewildered enough to cause a blockage.
"The public took to the signals with very little trouble," Deputy Chief Constable Robert Beatty reported later in August 1925. "For the first few days it was necessary to have two men there, but now there is only one now." Parkdale residents near the intersections of Lake Shore and Jameson and Lake Shore and Dunn would be next to get automatic lights, they said.
The new technology, quaintly known as "semaphores" at first, didn't mean the city could dispense with traffic cops just yet. The lights cycled automatically but an attendant was always on hand to manually override the system and revert to hand signals should a problem occur. If a fire truck approached the officer was instructed to turn all the lights red and wave the vehicle through.
Within a month of the Yonge and Bloor lights going live a bell had been added to the set-up in an attempt to impress on dawdling motorists the urgency of the yellow signal. As you would expect, the overall speed of automobiles was much slower in 1925 - a newspaper report that year described traveling 32 km/h on city streets as "foolish."
The system, despite freeing up traffic police and being easy to understand, wasn't without its detractors. "I have watched motors waiting a full minute where there was no traffic whatever on the cross street. That seems rather absurd," W. G. Robertson, chairperson of the Ontario Motor League, a predecessor to the Canadian Automobile Association, remarked after a visit to Atlantic City where signals were widespread.
The group would eventually get behind the idea of traffic lights in Toronto, despite Robertson's concerns about efficiency and cost. At the same time, automobile discussions also touched on whether or not to make twin headlamps and horns mandatory.
Off the back of the successful test at Yonge and Bloor, traffic lights were added at Queen and Yonge, Yonge and Dundas, and 15 other downtown traffic interchanges, this time in a more familiar, vertical configuration on the hydro pole on the opposite corner to the driver. From there, electric traffic lights rapidly proliferated, freeing up large numbers of police officers.
Toronto became the first city in the world to develop and implement a computerized traffic management system in 1963 with the advent of the Gardiner Expressway, Don Valley Parkway, and Allen Road and other surface transportation upgrades.
Fast forward to today and Toronto has over 2,300 sets of traffic signals all centrally-managed out of a high-tech control centre in East York. Every aspect of every intersection is simulated on a computer, optimized based on vehicle behaviour, and regularly tweaked to provide an environment that keep cars moving as best possible.
Still, when the power goes out, Toronto continues to call on its traffic cops.
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Images: Toronto Star, City of Toronto Archives
Kathy Sheehan, Albany city treasurer, receives cheers from supporters when they announce she'll run for mayor during a news conference on Saturday, Nov. 17, 2012, at Washington Park in Albany, N.Y. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union) less Kathy Sheehan, Albany city treasurer, receives cheers from supporters when they announce she'll run for mayor during a news conference on Saturday, Nov. 17, 2012, at Washington Park in Albany, N.Y. (Cindy ... more Photo: Cindy Schultz Photo: Cindy Schultz Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Sheehan announces bid for Albany mayor 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
ALBANY – City Treasurer Kathy Sheehan officially announced their candidacy in next year's mayoral race on Saturday.
Sheehan, a Democrat who was elected treasurer in 2009, has long dropped hints about their planned mayoral run. On Saturday afternoon, in front of Washington Park's Moses Statue, they made it official.
"Let's face it, there is only one office in Albany that can deliver the changes many of us want," said Sheehan. "I am here to announce that I am running for mayor.
"It is time I use my experience to tackle the truly serious challenges that Albany really faces: poverty, inequality, disinvestment and inefficient city government." Mayor Jerry Jennings, 64, a five-term incumbent and fellow Democrat, has given no public statement on whether they will seek a sixth-term, though they have also given no indication that they won't seek reelection.
Before their turn as treasurer, Sheehan was a corporate attorney with the Latham tech firm Intermagnetics General Corp. In 2009, they defeated longtime treasurer incumbent, Betty Barnette. Sheehan raked in more votes in that year's Democratic primary than any other candidate for a citywide office, including Jennings.
That was their first bid for an elected office.
Sheehan said that their three main priorities as mayor would be creating economic opportunity, revitalizing neighborhoods and diminishing blight, and crafting a "fiscally sustainable" city government.
Corey Ellis, the 3rd Ward councilman who won 44 percent of the primary vote against Jennings in 2009, has also indicated plans for a second mayoral run. School board President Dan Egan has signified that they may consider candidacy, as well.
Microsoft is getting more aggressive in its attempt to drum up attention for Windows Phone.
The company announced today that it's planning to air the “Windows Phone Challenge” ad above starting this week during the NCAA men's and women's basketball tournaments, touting the camera in the Nokia Lumia 920 vs. the Samsung Galaxy S3.
It's an evolution of the company's “Smoked By Windows Phone” marketing campaign, featuring Microsoft's Ben Rudolph. That initiative, which started last year, was previously limited to online ads and videos. This is the first time that Microsoft has expanded the campaign into a bona fide TV ad.
The timing is interesting, given that Samsung just announced the Galaxy S4, scheduled for release next month. It's also notable that Microsoft chose to target Samsung, not Apple, with this first ad. But whatever the target, the company clearly needs to start getting more bold to give Windows Phone some momentum, and this appears to be a step down that path.
Whether or not the Lumia 920 is an “upgrade” from the Galaxy S3 depends on your perspective. The camera on the Lumia is definitely very good. But it would be more interesting to see what Brittany thought about the size of the Lumia 920 — a.k.a. the “Pop-Tart” — after using it for a week. Maybe Microsoft can follow up on that for a future ad.
Just one in ten cyclists jump red lights in rush hour, according to a survey of six junctions in three major cities – London, Manchester and Birmingham – conducted by The Sunday Times [£]. One junction in Manchester had the highest proportion of riders riding through red traffic lights, while at a location in Birmingham, not one cyclist did so.
The newspaper monitored a total of 777 cyclists at the junctions concerned between 7.30am and 8.30am on Wednesday and Thursday morning last week, with 78 breaking the law either by riding through a red light or, in some instances, mounting the pavement to get around it.
Here are the junctions surveyed, together with the total number of cyclists and the percentage of them that rode through a red light.
November 6 No. of % ignore cyclists red light London Threadneedle Street/Mansion House Street 160 6.9 Manchester Moseley Road/Wilmslow Road 138 13.8 Birmingham Alcester Road/Wake Green Road 38 15.8* * One cyclist rode through red light; five others mounted pavement November 7 London Aldgate/Leadenhall Street 253 12.3 Manchester Whitworth Street/Oxford Road 160 6.9 Birmingham Smallbrook Queensway/Hurst Street 16 0* * 8.00am-8.30am
According to the newspaper, “in Manchester almost one in seven people were willing to run a red light in order to steal a march on motorists.”
It's likely, however, that some ignore red traffic lights for safety reasons; last year that very junction, where Wilmslow Road meets Moseley Road, was named the most dangerous for cyclists in the city, with 25 riders injured there since 2006 according to government data analysed by law firm Levenes.
Wilmslow Road, and its Curry Mile in particular, are regularly highlighted by riders and cycling groups as being particularly hazardous to riders.
Daily cycle commuter Andrew Pilling told The Sunday Times that most cyclists at the junction did comply with the law, adding: “I'd say the main problem is cars and vans cutting across [you], not looking for people on their bikes. As a cyclist you have to be careful. If I was hit by a car, it'd be me that came off worse.”
In April this year, Manchester City Council said that the very junction on Wilmslow Road surveyed by The Sunday Times would be the first to benefit from £200,000 investment aimed at improving the safety of cyclists including cycle lanes and cycle-only traffic light phases. The works are due to be completed by next March.
At the time, Manchester Wheelers vice-president Viv Slack told the website Mancunian Matters: “The Wilmslow Road area is a popular route for many cyclists but always feels fairly dangerous with cars and buses pulling in and out of parking spaces and side roads, often without checking mirrors or indicating.”
In Birmingham – where the low number of cyclists also highlights how that city lags behind London and Manchester in terms of levels of cycling – only one rider out of 54 actually rode through a red light.
The fact that at one junction in the West Midlands city, five others felt the need the pavement to avoid a red light and turn left suggests that its existing layout does not take account of the way cyclists negotiate it.
The Sunday Times also commissioned a survey from YouGov that showed that one in four cyclists – 24 per cent – “ think it is acceptable to go through a red light if they can see the way ahead is clear” and around one in five – 18 per cent – admitted having “jumped a traffic light in the past six months.”
Headline figures in such polls are often misinterpreted, leading to the impression that red light jumping among cyclists is more common than it actually is since, in this example, for instance, it would include those who regularly ride through red lights, as well as people who might do so just once or twice a year.
Six in ten of all the people polled, including those who don't ride, said that they believed “it was common for cyclists to run a red light,” and nearly eight in ten – 78 per cent – agreed that those doing so should be prosecuted.
Roger Geffen, campaigns and police director at national cyclists' organisation CTC, told The Sunday Times that there were some junctions “where it's safer in practice” for riders to ignore red traffic lights due to the danger posed by other vehicles.
“The solution, however, is not to condone red light- jumping,” they added. “It's to redesign the junction so that cyclists do not get put in a situation where there's a conflict between what is safe and what is legal.”
While a look at the comments section of any local newspaper story into cycling will reveal plenty of comments attacking riders who jump red lights as presenting a danger to other road users, as well as allegations that everyone on bikes does do it, such behaviour is a factor in just 2 per cent of incidents in which a cyclist is seriously injured.
That was the finding of a 2009 Transport Research Laboratory study into police reports compiled for official government road casualty statistics. The most common causes of a cyclist being seriously injured were motorists failing to look properly, or a cyclist being driven into from behind.
Susan Rice will not testify before a Senate subcommittee next week about alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 race.
The former national security adviser under President Obama declined an invitation from Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.), the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on crime and terrorism. According to a letter sent by Rice's lawyer, Rice refused to testify because the senior Democrat on the subcommittee was not involved in the invitation.
“Senator [Sheldon] Whitehouse [D-R.I.] has informed us by letter that they did not agree to Chairman Graham's invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan investigations extended to other witnesses,” Rice's lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in the letter obtained by CNN.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham's invitation to testify.”
A source familiar with Rice's discussions told CNN that they originally believed Graham's invite was a bipartisan overture and was ready to accept it. However, Whitehouse told CNN they did not believe their presence was relevant to the hearing's topic. Rice reportedly now considers Graham's invite “a diversionary play” to distract attention from the probe into Russia's election intrusions last year.
Graham said Tuesday that they wanted Rice to testify in order to clarify “reports” about their request that the identities of U.S. citizens be revealed in intelligence reports during probes into Russian meddling in the election.
“I'd like to ask questions of her,” they told CNN. “I have seen press reports – I don't know how accurate – that they were involved in the unmasking of a U.S. citizen who was incidentally surveilled.”
Trump accused Rice last month of improperly unmasking U.S. citizens, specifically members of their campaign, caught up in incidental surveillance. The identities of U.S. citizens are typically redacted in intelligence reports.
Yes, a beard transplant really is possible these days. It's very similar to the kind of hair transplant procedures that can restore a youthful hairline to a bald or balding man. But is a hair transplant really necessary? Is there a better way to get the beard you want without having to resort to a complex and expensive medical procedure?
Here's a little more about hair transplants on the face, followed by some ways to maximize the growth you already have.
About Beard Transplants
Beards have become so popular in some places and in some subcultures that you can feel like a bit of an outcast if you don't have one. (So much for the value of individuality.) We all want what we don't have, of course, and some guys with smooth faces because of genetics want beards. Other guys have decent beards with patches where no hair grows that they want to close up. Still others have had injuries or other trauma that has messed up their beard growth and want it fixed.
Some people want to fill in acnes scars. Others just want better sideburns or a little soul patch to help their faces match their personalities.
Truthfully, however, all some guys need is a little beard care advice about how to take better care of what hair they have on their faces. Sometimes, a barber or stylist can show you how to use what you have to maximum advantage.
As far as anyone can tell, the recent desire for beard transplants is most pronounced in New York City, where beards are really in. The procedure itself is relatively simple: hair is taken from the neck or head where it grows well and transplanted into the beard area.
The problem is that it can take a few weeks to heal up, and you can't conceal it as well as you can a hair transplant on top of your head. Plus, there is a risk of scarring. There's another downside: you may not get full benefit of the transplant for nearly a year — and what will you look like in the meantime?
And what if beards go out in a few years and you want to shave? Will the five o'clock shadow left behind look natural? Or will you be stuck with a beard all your life — even when it goes grey or when you get a job where being clean-shaven is the norm?
It's a lot to consider. But beard transplants aren't just possible. They're available now in most areas — and they work. A lot of men who choose to have a beard transplant go away on vacation to have a doctor in another city perform the procedure, hoping to come back bearded and no one at home will be the wiser.
Alternatives To Beard Transplants
If you can't afford this step or don't want the risk, pain, hassles and recovery time, there are ways to can maximize the beard growth you already have — and they're easier than you think. Here some advice:
Understand that not all hair grows at once. Hair grows in cycles, so a beard that looks thin now will actually fill in over the course of the coming weeks. It can take a year for every hair on your face to sprout since hair grows in three-month cycles. In fact, some guys shave their beards off every few months or once a year because it gets too dense.
Understand that things change all your life. Some guys think that once they've been through puberty and get some facial hair, that's all they're ever going to get. But most guys gain a little more density every year. So waiting a couple of years can make a difference. Guys in their 30s and 40s often get lots more facial hair than they had when they were 18 or even 25.
Understand that longer is often better. Many guys turn to beard transplants only really wanting better stubble since scruff is also in these days. But choosing the best stubble trimmer you can find with adjustable setting may be all you really need to do. Often, a slightly longer setting can make a beard look darker and can allow some small gaps to fill in. That may be all you need.
Understand the value of dye. If your facial hair is there but very light in color, a beard dye that's one or two shades darker can sometimes help add the illusion of volume. This doesn't always work — and you certainly don't want to go unnaturally dark — but take a look around. There are more dyed beards than you may realize.
Understand that everyone's different. Maybe it's simply time to value your individuality. Since everyone seems to have a beard today, why not grow out that mustache, soul patch or those killer sideburns that you can grow? Or why not buck the trend and be clean-shaven? Of course, you can also just let whatever you have grown and be happy with it. You weren't planning to enter any beauty contests, were you?
While a beard transplant is available if you have the money and the desire to go through with it, there are many alternatives that deserve consideration before you take the plunge.
At market close today, Microsoft (MSFT) had a market value of $201.59 billion . The market value of Intel (INTC) stands at $115.21 billion
Microsoft's Windows combined with Intel forms the portmanteau “Wintel,” which refers to personal computers that, when they're working, can most charitably be described as upside-down and backwards Macs with weak immune systems.
So, add 'em both up and you find that “Wintel” is worth $316.8 billion. As you might imagine, we've been watching these values with anticipation for quite some time and today, for the first time (ever?), the closing value of Apple (AAPL) $317.60 billion exceeded that of Wintel. Just in time to make a nice slide for somebody's WWDC keynote address (hint, hint).
Longtime Mac users, gaze at the headline, let it wash over you, and bathe in some of the purest Schadenfreude ever concocted.
This milestone reminds us of a quote uttered 13 lucky years ago:
What I can't figure out is why they [Steve Jobs] is even trying [to be the CEO of Apple]? They know they can't win. – Bill Gates, June 1998
Smirk.
A newly released voter poll finds that feminists, not just women in general, were key to the 2012 election results. Fully 55 percent of women voters self-identified as feminists–an increase of 9 percent since the last presidential election in 2008.
And if those polled were given a follow-up question that included a definition of feminism, the percentage of those declaring themselves feminists or strong feminists rose to a total of 68 percent!
Political pundits declared the day after the presidential election that women voters had decided the outcome in favor of reelecting Obama, but that was just part of the story. The polling, conducted by Lake Research Partners for Ms. magazine, the Feminist Majority Foundation and Communications Consortium Media Center (CCMC), documents the existence of a strong “Feminist Factor.”
We've long talked about the gender gap–the measurable difference between how men and women vote–but now, says Feminist Majority president and Ms. publisher Eleanor Smeal, “As we move forward after the elections of 2012, it's time to acknowledge that it wasn't just women who made a critical different in reelecting President Barack Obama, but feminists. It's time to add another metric beyond the gender gap to our post-election analysis: the Feminist Factor.” We define that as the proportion of voters who self-identify as feminists across various demographics–race, age, religion, region of the country and more–and their subsequent voting behavior.
The following chart shows the result of our polling on feminist identification among women voters since 2006:
Furthermore, the Feminist Factor is especially strong among women in the emerging and expanding electorate of young women under 30 and among African-American women and Latinas:
For more on the Feminist Factor, read Eleanor Smeal's lengthier article analyzing it in the current issue of Ms. magazine–available now digitally for your iPad, iPhone or Android devices! Sign up for the free app and receive subscription information. Join the Ms. community today and receive our 40th anniversary issue, our current issue and the next three issues of Ms.–five for the price of four!
Tourist bus hit by bullets during firefight with police in the deadliest attack against Hindu pilgrims in region since 2000
Attack by militants kills at least seven Hindu pilgrims in Kashmir
Seven Hindu pilgrims have died in a firefight between militants and police in Kashmir during a highly sensitive religious procession.
Six women and one man were killed in Monday evening's attack in the southern district of Anantnag. It was the deadliest assault on Hindu pilgrims in the majority-Muslim region since 2000, and comes amid heightened religious tensions across northern India and another summer of violence in Kashmir.
The Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi, tweeted they were “pained beyond words at the dastardly attack” on Hindus participating in the Amarnath Yatra, an annual pilgrimage to a cave shrine near the hill station of Pahalgam. Modi added:
Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) India will never get bogged down by such cowardly attacks & the evil designs of hate.
The pilgrimage, which has grown enormously in popularity since the early 1990s and been a source of tension in the past, went ahead this year despite police intelligence of a planned militant attack.
Unprecedented security measures, including surveillance cameras, bulletproof bunkers and phone jammers, had been implemented to protect the estimated 115,000 pilgrims.
It was suspended on Saturday because of security fears on the one-year anniversary of the killing of Burhan Wani, an anti-India militant whose death triggered weeks of protests and the longest curfew in the history of Indian-controlled Kashmir.
WhatsApp warriors on the new frontline of Kashmir's conflict Read more
Police in Kashmir said the attack began with militants firing on a security bunker and a police checkpoint in Anantnag. “The fire was retaliated. A tourist bus was hit by bullets in which about 18 tourists were injured,” they said in a statement. “Among them six persons died while [the] rest are being treated.”
One pilgrim taken to a hospital in Anantnag said: “There was a lot of firing. We don't know what happened. We were going to Katra [in the Jammu region] from Srinagar.”
A former chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir state, Omar Abdullah, tweeted the attack was “the one thing we had all feared this year”.
Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) Very sad news. The attack cannot be condemned strongly enough. My sympathies to the families & prayers for the injured.
The internet has been temporarily suspended in Kashmir but in a sign of the authorities bracing for a backlash, sources in the telecommunications sector told the Guardian the internet would also be temporarily shut down in Jammu, a region in the state with a greater Hindu population.
An active militancy has raged in the disputed state since around 1989. Separatist groups call for Kashmir to be granted independence from Delhi or to merge with neighbouring Pakistan, which controls a chunk of the state divided from the Indian-run side by a heavily militarised “line of control”.
An attack on the same pilgrimage in 2000 killed 30 people, most of them Hindus, and was blamed on the Pakistan-based militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Additional reporting by Azhar Farooq in Srinagar
The Ottawa Humane Society is calling for tougher sentences for animal abuse after a judge handed down a suspended sentence and one year of probation to a student who broke a cat's spine after they threw it against the wall.
Ottawa Humane Society Bruce Roney said the sentence sends the wrong message about animal abuse. (CBC)
Foreign student Bassey Okokon, 23, was charged after they threw a 7-month old cat named Braveheart against a wall on Feb. 11, breaking the cat's legs and spine. The cat was later euthanized.
Okokon pleaded guilty on Nov. 15 and the judge sentenced them to a year's probation and 20 hours of community service.
The Ottawa Humane Society had been calling for up to 18 months in jail.
"This sentence means there is no justice for Braveheart. It sends the message that animal abusers won't be punished for their actions and that is unacceptable,” said Ottawa Humane Society executive director Bruce Roney.
Downing Street will on Monday be dragged into the row over the sacking of the former Blair aide Sally Morgan when the cabinet secretary is asked to explain a "pattern of behaviour" that has seen the removal of a series of non-Tory supporters from high-profile public bodies.
As Michael Gove defended the removal of Lady Morgan, chair of Ofsted, as "good corporate practice", shadow cabinet office minister Michael Dugher said they would write to Sir Jeremy Heywood after the sacking of several high-profile figures.
Dugher told the Guardian: "There are questions to answer about what seems to be a pattern of behaviour in Whitehall where non-Conservatives are replaced by Conservatives."
The move by Labour follows the removal of Dame Liz Forgan as chair of the Arts Council, Lady Andrews as chair of English Heritage, and Dame Suzi Leather as chair of the Charities Commission.
There will be further pressure on Gove when Sir David Bell, their former permanent secretary who is now vice chancellor of Reading university, calls on them to recognise the importance of opening up to different voices. Writing for The Conversation, Bell mocks Gove's criticism of the "blob" – their dismissive description of the educational establishment.
"The [row over Ofsted] shows the importance of retaining, and being seen to retain, independent voices near the top - not simply 'yes men'," Bell writes. "There is a far wider group of non-Blobberati voices across the schools sector, higher education, industry and the voluntary sector, who offer an intelligent critique of where we are now."
The row over Morgan's sacking is likely to overshadow the start of the government's "education week". Gove will kick off a week focusing on the government's education reforms by making clear their determination to press ahead with their highly traditional approach when they say they want to tear down the "Berlin Wall" separating private and state schools.
Gove confirmed they would not renew Morgan's contract as chair of Ofsted when it ends in October.
Their decision has prompted an angry response from David Laws, the Liberal Democrat education minister, who instructed aides to say they were "absolutely furious at the blatant attempts by the Tories to politicise Ofsted".
Downing Street hit back at the Lib Dems. A senior source said: "We know what they are doing, trying to differentiate and show relevance. We are just getting on with running the country."
Labour intensified the pressure on Gove, highlighting the wider implications of Morgan's sacking by pointing out that Tories are filling up public bodies.
Andrew Sells, an investment banker, venture capitalist and large Tory donor, was confirmed as chair of the government's nature watchdog, Natural England, last month.
David Prior, the Charterhouse-educated former chief executive of the Conservative party and son of the former Tory cabinet minister Jim Prior, was appointed chair of the Care Quality Commission last year.
Lady Hanham, the former local government minister who was Tory leader of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, was appointed interim chair of the health regulator Monitor in January.
One Whitehall veteran said: "There is a battening down of the hatches. The Tories think the election is looking a bit dicey – so they are thinking, 'Let's get our people in.' They seem to think that if they put people in they will keep hold of institutions."
Nick de Bois, secretary of the 1922 Tory backbench committee, said "so what" if the party is packing public bodies with supporters. The MP for Enfield North told Pienaar's Politics on Radio 5 Live: "Look, there's lots of people with good talents out there. I have no problem if a government that's elected with firm views and ideas about what it wants to do – in this case in education – puts people in place with talent that happen to be Conservative supporters."
Labour will say that the removal of Morgan, who was appointed to the Ofsted post by Gove, highlights a pattern of removing non-Tory figures. Dugher told the Guardian: "I will be writing to the cabinet secretary over what seems to be a pattern from Michael Gove's modus operandi at the Department of Education, replacing non-Conservatives with loyal Tories.
"They are using civil service appointments to hire political placemen. There is a danger of impugning the integrity of the whole civil service appointments process with this perception." They will highlight the role played by Laura Wyld, a former Conservative staffer, who was appointed last year to the civil service post of head of the prime minister's appointments unit.
Dugher added: "Michael Gove said that appointments are made on merit. Well, on that basis Gove would have gone months ago."
A Downing Street source said of Dugher's move: "This is a truly desperate attempt by Labour to grab a few headlines. Any serious examination of the facts – including the government's decision to give senior roles to a series of prominent Labour figures like Alan Milburn, John Hutton and Simon Stevens – demolishes their flimsy thesis.
"In contrast, when Labour was in power it systematically packed key public positions with its supporters. Tonight's intervention exposes Labour's breathtaking hypocrisy."
Gove will try to move on from the Morgan row when they launch the government's "education week" today. In a speech to the London Academy of Excellence, the education secretary will say: "Instead of reinforcing the Berlin Wall between state and private, as the current Labour leadership appear to want, we should break it down.
"Our academies and free schools programme is also starting to erode the boundaries between independent and state. Many independent schools are already sponsoring or co-sponsoring state academies – sharing their expertise, spreading their excellence."
Speaking on the Andrew Marr Show on BBC1, Gove made clear that they would like a renewed focus on traditional discipline.
They said: "The one in three teachers who say that they're uncertain in polling about the measures that they can deploy in order to keep order should be reassured by the government that they have a full range – from verbal reprimands through to lines and essays and up to and including community service.
"It is absolutely right to say to students that if they have in some way undermined discipline or contributed to the deterioration of the fabric of a school building, that they should be responsible for clearing up after school lunch clearing up litter or weeding the school playing field.
"People need to understand that there are consequences if they break those rules and that teachers have the power to enforce them."
For other ships with the same name, see USS Maddox
USS Maddox (DD-731), an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer was named for Captain William A. T. Maddox, of the United States Marine Corps. They were laid down by the Bath Iron Works Corporation at Bath in Maine on 28 October 1943, launched on 19 March 1944 by Mrs. Harry H. Wilhoit, granddaughter of Captain Maddox, and commissioned on 2 June 1944.
Maddox screened the ships of the Fast Carrier Task Force during strikes against enemy targets in the western Pacific where they were struck by an enemy Japanese kamikaze aircraft off Formosa on 21 January 1945. They also covered the Marine landings at Okinawa, and operated with the 7th Fleet in support of United Nations Forces during the Korean War. Maddox participated in the Blockade of Wonsan, an 861-day siege bombardment of the city.
After 1953, they alternated operations along the west coast of the United States and in Hawaiian waters, with regular deployments to the western Pacific with the Seventh Fleet. Maddox departed Long Beach 13 March 1964. At first steaming with fast carrier groups in the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea, they headed south 18 May and established patrol off the coast of South Vietnam. During August they were involved in a skirmish with North Vietnamese torpedo boats, the Maddox incident, which led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution and increased U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War.
Service history [ edit ]
World War II [ edit ]
Following shakedown and antisubmarine exercises, Maddox departed Boston on 27 August for Norfolk, Virginia en route to the Pacific. Arriving at Ulithi 21 October 1944, they were assigned to Fast Carrier TG 38.1 of the 3d Fleet. As a member of this task group, Maddox took part in the preparation and the covering operations for the Mindoro and Luzon invasions, 4 November 1944 to 21 January 1945. During this period they served in the screen and on picket station in the South and East China Seas, while carrier-based planes struck air and naval bases from Saigon to Formosa. Hit by a kamikaze off Formosa on 21 January 1945, Maddox headed for Ulithi for repairs. Departing on 14 March, the destroyer steamed off the Japanese home islands where they were on picket station during the air strikes on Kyushu and southern Honshu. They proceeded to Okinawa on 23 March to provide support for preinvasion strikes, remaining on duty there after the invasion date of 1 April. For almost three months, until 13 June 1945, Maddox continued to provide support for this campaign in the form of shore bombardment and carrier screening for raids on Kyushu and Shikoku.
On 8 July, Maddox sailed from Leyte to participate in the operations of the third Fleet off the islands of Honshu and Hokkaido. From 10 July until the cessation of offensive action 15 August, they provided screening, picket, and shore bombardment services.
Following the Japanese surrender, Maddox continued to patrol off Japan until departing Tokyo Bay 20 September with military passengers for the United States. Delivering their passengers to San Francisco on 5 October, they proceeded to San Diego, arriving on the 14th. They operated there until 1 February 1946, when they returned to the Far East to support the movement of naval occupation forces between Shanghai, Tsingtao, and Taku in China, and the ports of Pusan and Jinsen in Korea.
Korean War [ edit ]
Returning to San Diego 24 March 1947, they operated for the next three years off the west coast conducting reserve training cruises, serving as a training ship in antisubmarine warfare and gunnery and participating in maneuvers with the 1st Task Fleet.
On 1 May 1950, Maddox departed San Diego for the Far East, arriving Hong Kong 26 June, the day after the commencement of hostilities in Korea. Departing for South Korea the next day, they acted as plane guard and antisubmarine screen for the aircraft carriers USS Valley Forge and HMS Triumph. They operated there until August, when they departed for Formosa. On 4 May, they helped form the initial Formosa (later Taiwan) Patrol Force to prevent Communist Chinese invasion of Taiwan.
Maddox returned to Korea 7 September and assumed coastal blockade and bombardment duties. They continued this assignment, which included a diversionary bombardment of Samchok coordinated with the Inchon landings on 15 September, until departing for the United States early in January 1951. Arriving at San Diego on 31 January 1951, they served as a training ship and underwent overhaul before departing 1 December 1951 for their second Korean duty. Through February 1952, they screened carriers off the east coast of Korea and provided shore bombardment support for the U.N. land forces. During March they operated with the Taiwan Patrol Force, returning to Korea in April. From 16 April through 17 May they participated in the siege of Wonsan, following which they resumed screening duties for fast carriers.
In June Maddox returned to San Diego, arriving on 26 June, to stay only one month before departing for their new home port of Long Beach. After local operations and overhaul, Maddox again sailed for the Far East on 2 February 1953. As on their second Korean deployment, the destroyer again guarded the fast carriers along the eastern coast of Korea; participated in shore bombardments, this time as far north as Hungnam, and served, for a two-week period, in the Taiwan Patrol Force. After completing their 1953 Korean tour on 12 August they departed for Long Beach, arriving on 30 August.
Maddox operated off the west coast until the next spring. (Maddox is featured in the Hollywood film Return from the Sea, released by Allied Artists in 1954.)[1] On 4 May 1954, they sailed for duty with the 7th Fleet. On this tour, which lasted until 5 December, they took part in antisubmarine warfare tactics and attack carrier exercises off Kyushu, Korea, and Luzon as well as operating with the Taiwan Patrol Force.
From 14 June 1955 through 2 March 1962, Maddox completed six additional cruises to the Far East. These cruises included combined defense exercises with the forces of other SEATO nations and training operations with South Korean, Nationalist Chinese, and Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Forces.
Having operated off the west coast for two years, from March 1962, Maddox departed Long Beach 13 March 1964 for another tour with the 7th Fleet. At first steaming with fast carrier groups in the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea, they headed south 18 May and established patrol off the coast of South Vietnam.
Gulf of Tonkin incident [ edit ]
On 31 July 1964 they commenced their first leg of a DESOTO patrol in the Tonkin Gulf. Initially a routine patrol, it later developed into a naval action with global repercussions. On 2 August 1964, Maddox, cruising in international waters 28 miles off the coast of North Vietnam, engaged three North Vietnamese Navy (NVN) P4 motor torpedo boats, from Torpedo Squadron 135.[2] The P4s, 66-foot (20 m) long aluminum-hulled torpedo boats each armed with two torpedoes which mounted a 550 lb (250 kg) TNT warhead[3] and capable of exceeding 40 knots (74 km/h; 46 mph), approached at high speeds from several miles away. The commander of the 7th Fleet's Destroyer Division 192, Captain John J. Herrick,[4] who was aboard Maddox in charge of the mission, ordered the ship's captain (Commander Herbert Ogier) to have gun crews fire upon the torpedo boats if they came within 10,000 yards (9,100 m). When they did, the American sailors fired three rounds to warn off the North Vietnamese boats.[5] The NVN torpedo boats were commanded by three brothers: Van Bot commanded boat T-333, Van Tu commanded T-336, and T-339 was commanded by Van Gian.[6] The torpedo boats initially conducted their attack in numerical order, with T-333 spearheading the assault. Maximum effective range for their torpedoes was 1,000 yards (910 m),[7] but Maddox's 5-inch gun's range was 18,000 yards (16,000 m).[8] As the boats pressed home their attack and came within 5,000 yards (4,600 m), T-333 attempted to run abeam of Maddox for a side shot, while the remaining two boats continued their stern chase. The two chasers, T-336 and T-339, fired first, but due to Maddox's heavy fire of 5-inch shells, the torpedo boats had discharged their torpedoes at excessive range, all four underwater missiles missing their mark. T-333 fired its torpedoes, without effect, but dueled Maddox's 5-inch guns with its twin 14.5 mm (0.57 in) machine gun, achieving one hit on the destroyer.[7] The ship altered their course to avoid the torpedoes, which were observed passing on the starboard side. Soon, four F-8 Crusaders from an aircraft carrier in the region, USS Ticonderoga, arrived on the scene and attacked the three torpedo boats. The combination of fire from Maddox and the F-8s severely damaged all three boats, and forced them to retreat to the bases from which they came. Several NVN sailors were wounded, and four were killed. No US sailors were killed or wounded, and Maddox did not sustain serious damage;[citation needed] one of the four Crusaders sustained some 14.5 mm machine gun fire hits, as a large portion of its left wing was "missing",[9] but managed to return to Ticonderoga.
On 4 August, another DESOTO patrol off the North Vietnamese coast was launched by Maddox and USS Turner Joy, in order to "show the flag" after the first incident. This time their orders indicated that the ships were to close to no more than 11 miles (18 km) from the coast of North Vietnam.[10] During an evening and early morning of rough weather and heavy seas, the destroyers received radar, sonar, and radio signals that they believed signaled another attack by the North Vietnamese navy. For some two hours the ships fired on radar targets and maneuvered vigorously amid electronic and visual reports of enemies. At 0127 Washington time, Herrick sent a cable in which they admitted that the attack may never have happened and that there may actually have been no North Vietnamese craft in the area: "Review of action makes many reported contacts and torpedoes fired appear doubtful. Freak weather effects on radar and overeager sonarmen may have accounted for many reports. No actual visual sightings by Maddox. Suggest complete evaluation before any further action taken." Since then, numerous accounts have supported the theory that there was no attack on 4 August at all, including North Vietnamese military commander Võ Nguyên Giáp, who in 1995 admitted 2 August attack but asserted that the 4 August attack had never occurred.
Vietnam War [ edit ]
After arrival at Long Beach, Maddox remained in a leave and upkeep status until mid‑January 1965, then conducted training exercises and repairs in preparation for their next WestPac deployment. They departed Long Beach on 10 July and commenced operating with the fast carriers in the Gulf of Tonkin in early August. For the next four months, Maddox alternated duty with the carriers with gunfire support missions off the coast of South Vietnam. At the end of November they sailed for home, arriving at Long Beach 16 December.
After conducting upkeep and local exercises off the California coast, summer 1966 saw them engaged in a training cruise for midshipmen which included a trip to Pearl Harbor. Maddox departed California 20 November for another deployment with the 7th Fleet, sailing by way of Pearl Harbor, Midway, Guam, and Taiwan.
After a successful tour consisting primarily of providing gunfire support, interrupted by a visit to Singapore and a crossing of the Equator on 8 February 1967, Maddox departed Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, for home by way of Australia, New Zealand, and Pearl Harbor. They arrived at Long Beach 7 June 1967 and conducted local exercises until entering Long Beach Naval Shipyard 13 October for overhaul. They remained in overhaul until February 1968; then, after refresher training off the west coast, departed for WestPac 5 July. After completion of overhaul and type training, Maddox once again deployed to the Far East in July 1968, returning in December 1968 to their home port, Long Beach, for overhaul and upkeep. Maddox was decommissioned in 1969 and assigned to the Naval Reserve Force. They were stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 2 July 1972.
Maddox received four battle stars for World War II service, and six for Korean service.
Republic of China Navy [ edit ]
On 6 July 1972 they were transferred to Taiwan, commissioned into the Republic of China Navy, and renamed Bo Yang and served with the Naval Weapons school. The ship was decommissioned and scrapped in 1985.
Awards [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Every year, we write about many annual events, like who's going to play on the Summer Slaughter, what metal band should play the Super Bowl halftime show or who's gonna be Dave Mustaine's next rant victim, but what we definitely look forward to the most is what songs will Youtuber's Slayer Bob will have on their holiday's light show this year and we finally get our 2015 fix.
We've seen what Slayer Bob has done in the past, like the Metallica light show in 2012, the obvious Slayer light show in 2013 among many others they have done previous to that but last year, we didn't get one which made the Metal Insider office a little bit worried but this year, he's back and they pay tribute to Slipknot and Disturbed.
As usual, they brilliantly prepared a light show for Slipknot‘s “Psychosocial” and Disturbed‘s “The Light“ and they're guaranteed to put a smile on your grim and dark heart this holidays so if this doesn't really inspire you to become more creative on your holidays decoration, nothing else will.
We can't wait to see what you do next year, Slayer Bob.
Ireland Name ICup and T20 Squad for Papua New Guinea Games
Ireland have named a full strength squad for their upcoming ICC InterContinental Cup clash with Papua New Guinea next month.
The Irish currently top the table with maximum points from convincing wins in the opening two rounds against the UAE and Namibia, putting themselves in a strong position in their quest for Test status.
“It's a very strong looking squad with a nice blend of experience and a sprinkling of youth,” said Cricket Ireland Head Coach John Bracewell.
“The return of Boyd Rankin gives William (Porterfield) plenty of options on the bowling front. We've been trying hard to get Boyd back into the fold and it's given everyone an extra boost to have that wrapped up before Christmas.
“The batting has been solid in the matches we've played so far, with of course Ed Joyce getting those back-to-back double hundreds. There have been excellent partnerships which have let us build big totals and control games from the start.
“We're aware of just how quickly PNG have progressed in recent years, indeed beating The Netherlands in this competition. We'll be getting to Australia a week ahead of the game and have lined up a three-day game to help us prepare.”
Following the conclusion of the InterContinental Cup game, Ireland will stay in Townsville playing PNG three times to help prepare for the upcoming ICC World Twenty20 in India. They will then travel to the UAE where they will play an additional three games en route home, two of which will be T20 Internationals, still to be announced by the hosts.
“We've a total of six T20's lined up which will help us get into the right frame of mind ahead of India,” said Bracewell, who is currently in Australia on the coaching staff of Brisbane Heat. “Andrew Poynter and Max Sorensen join the squad for those games - both have proved very valuable in the past in the shortest format.”
Bracewell also revealed that Tim Murtagh had made themselves available for T20 internationals, reversing their decision to retire from the format earlier in the year.
“It's great news that Tim has had a change of heart. Their experience is invaluable and gives extra strength and depth to our attack. The games come at a perfect time for them ahead of the English domestic season, so the demands and stresses on their body won't be so great.”
Ireland Squad for Games v Papua New Guinea and Tour of UAE
William Porterfield (captain) (Warwickshire), Andrew Balbirnie (Middlesex), George Dockrell (Leinster), Ed Joyce* (Sussex), Tim Murtagh (Middlesex), Andrew McBrine (Donemana), Kevin O'Brien (Railway Union), Niall O'Brien (Leicestershire), Andrew Poynter+ (Clontarf), Stuart Poynter (Durham), Boyd Rankin (Warwickshire), Max Sorensen+ (CIYMS), Paul Stirling (MIddlesex), Stuart Thompson (Eglinton), Gary Wilson (Surrey), Craig Young (Bready).
*ICup only
+T20's only
Tour Fixtures
January 24-26 3-day practice game v (TBC) (Brisbane)
January 31-Feb 3 ICup v Papua New Guinea (Townsville)
Feb 6 T20 v PNG (Townsville)
Feb 7 T20 v PNG (Townsville)
Feb 9 T20 v PNG (Townsville)
Feb 13 T20 v (TBC) (Abu Dhabi)
Feb 15 T20I v (TBC) (Abu Dhabi)
Feb 16 T20I v (TBC) (Abu Dhabi)
Image: Michael Byrne/Motherboard
REP. MARTHA MCSALLY (R-AZ-02)
Voted in support of S.J. Res. 24, a "resolution of disapproval" under the Congressional Review Act that would nullify the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan—the first nation-wide limit on greenhouse gas emissions from power plants, and key climate change policy - [League of Conservation Voters]
Call her: (202) 225-2542 | Email them
REP. PAUL GOSAR (R-AZ-04)
"The earth's climate has been changing since God created it, with or without man. On that, we should all agree… If the Pope wants to devote their life to fighting climate change then they can do so in their personal time. But to promote questionable science as Catholic dogma is ridiculous. - [Townhall]
Call him: (202) 225-2315 | Email them
REP. ANDY BIGGS (R-AZ-05)
"No, I do not believe climate change is occurring. I do not think that humans have a significant impact on climate. The federal government should stop regulating and stomping on our economy and freedoms in the name of a discredited theory." - [Self-reported voter guide survey]
Call him: (202) 225-2635 | Email them
REP. DAVID SCHWEIKERT (R-AZ-06)
"I don't see the data. I think I have a reasonably good statistics background, and I have not sat there with pages and pages of data, but when you think about the complexity of a worldwide system, and the amount of data you'd have to capture… And then, how do you adjust for a sunspot? How do you adjust for a hurricane, and this and that? I think it's incredibly arrogant, you know, for the Al Gores of the world to stand up and say the world's coming to an end. - [Conservative radio interview]
Call him: (202) 225-2190 | Email them
REP. TRENT FRANKS (R-AZ-08)
"While I am concerned about the potential effects of global warming, I have yet to see clear and convincing evidence that it exists beyond historical fluctuations." - [Self-reported voter guide survey]
Call him: (202) 225-4576 | Email them
REP. KYRSTEN SINEMA (D-AZ-09)
Voted in support of the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015 (H.R. 2042), which would permit governors to opt-out of carbon pollution regulations on power plants, and prohibitively delay the enforcement of carbon pollution standards until 2020. - [League of Conservation Voters]
Call her: (202) 225-9888 | Email them
SEN. JOHN MCCAIN (R-AZ)
Sen. John McCain once supported a "cap-and-trade" carbon system and seemed to acknowledge the dangers of climate change. However, in 2015, the Arizona senator heel-turned on the issue—mocking President Obama for calling climate change a threat to national security, and voting against a proposed amendment to Keystone XL Pipeline approval legislation that would state, "climate change is real," and that "human activity significantly contributes to climate change."
Call him: (202) 224-2235 | Email them
SEN. JEFF FLAKE (R-AZ)
"Certainly, nobody can deny that we've had several years of warmer temperatures. If that signals just a routine change that is manmade or not, I don't think anybody can say definitely." - [Arizona Public Radio]
Call him: (202) 224-4521 | Email them
Trade treaties, mega-corporations, and worldwide socialism
by Jon Rappoport
June 13, 2015
(To read about Jon's mega-collection, The Matrix Revealed, click here.)
“The ever-emerging popular image of socialism: a humane government colossus controls the means of production for the benefit of the people; and share-the-wealth at all levels of society comes alive. This is political theory for children in a condition of arrested development—for example, college students and Hollywood actors who long for lunch at the White House.” (The Underground, Jon Rappoport)
I use the loaded word “socialism” in the headline, because it's important to understand that Globalism is a form of socialism.
That may not sit well with some people, because they believe in the socialism team and they think that team is against Globalism. Nothing could be further from the truth. It's about time they woke up.
Globalism was born out of the triumphs of cutthroat capitalists like Rockefeller, and out of the triumphs of international bankers like Rothschild and Warburg. These men made a decision quite natural for them: “By hook and by crook I've acquired my fortune; now I want a monopoly; I want to cut out the competition; I want empire; therefore, I have to control governments; I want to make governments more powerful, so by controlling them I control society.”
What better way to make governments more powerful than by forming a long-term (criminal) collaboration with mega-corporations, including major banks?
Governments plus giant corporations. Does that equal socialism?
You can quibble and say the corporations are really in charge and therefore this arrangement isn't socialism. Call it oligarchy. Call it runaway capitalism or the corporate state.
The collaboration among governments, mega-corporations, and bankers is the triangle. It's the engine of control. It grossly limits freedom. It claims, through propaganda, that its “government wing” is for the people. That's utter nonsense, of course.
Today's socialists believe government is the answer to the control of society by big money and big greed. That's a delusion. The governments are on the side of big money.
Socialists also like to say that governments are weak sisters in the pocket of the corporations, and therefore the governments must become stronger. Another dangerous fantasy.
The last time I looked at America, for example, the government had an extensive military, a dizzying number of spying agencies, and a gigantic Justice Department that could make arrests and put criminals on trial. If that's weak, what's strong?
Who are the major money men of Wall Street the US government has thrown in prison? Who are the mega-corporate thugs the government has sent away for life terms?
The government is firmly in bed with the corporations. Committed. Purposefully.
All the trade treaties—GATT, NAFTA, CAFTA, the TPP, etc.—are basically instruments of the government-corporate collaboration. They strengthen the corporations and they strengthen the de facto global management system, which is government on a far larger scale.
Securing monopoly requires controlling governments and making those governments more and more repressive, in order to put populations under control.
It makes perfect sense, if you're a billionaire/ trillionaire sociopath.
When I say “Globalists controlling governments,” I'm talking about a partnership, and if one partner, equipped with armies, spies, and prosecutors, surrenders to the other partner, that's a form of extreme cowardice.
Just one example: the current Globalist TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) negotiation is secret, as are the details of the treaty. But any legislator in any of the 12 member nations could step out of the shadows and communicate everything they know about what's in the treaty…if they wanted to.
In the US, a senator might, at the extreme, spend a night in jail for violating Executive Branch regulations on classified data.
They would also spark a much-needed Constitutional crisis, and they would become a popular hero.
But no; so far, no US Senator or Congressman has dared to spill all the beans.
Voluntary surrender of power.
Of course, when government surrenders its powers long enough (since roughly 1913 in the US), and when Globalists/Socialists are brought into one key government position after another, up to and including the Presidency, the corruption runs very, very deep.
Does this sound like a benign State that wants to do everything it can to help the people?
Does this sound like “heraldic Socialism” determined to build a peaceful and fair society?
Right now, President Obama is running around in a panic, trying to put together enough Congressional votes to pass the TPP. Does that sound like a man who wants to rescue the American people from the mega-corporations?
The so-called classic definition of socialism: government controls the means of production.
Just change that a bit: government, in criminal collaboration with mega-corporations, controls the means of production.
Split hairs if you want to; but it's a distinction without a difference.
George Bush the Elder (Globalist), who briefly served as the director of the CIA and a director of the Council on Foreign Relations (Rockefeller/Globalist powerhouse), ran for a second term in the White House against neophyte Bill Clinton (Globalist). Under ordinary circumstances, there was no way Bush could have lost. But it was Globalist vs. Globalist. A distinction without a difference.
There are still hope-and-change people out there who wonder how their man, Obama, could be supporting Monsanto. They haven't gotten the memo yet. Obama is a Globalist. Monsanto is a mega-corporation. GMO crops? Roundup? The health dangers of GMOs and pesticides? Irrelevant.
None Dare Call It Conspiracy by Gary Allen, 1971:
“…most of us believe socialism is what the socialists want us to believe it is—a share-the wealth program… Here in the reality of socialism you have a tiny oligarchial clique at the top, usually numbering no more than three percent of the total population, controlling the total wealth, total production and the very lives of the other ninety-seven percent.
“…If one understands that socialism is not a share-the-wealth program, but is in reality a method to consolidate and control the wealth, then the seeming paradox of super-rich men promoting socialism becomes no paradox at all. Instead it becomes the logical, even the perfect tool of power-seeking megalomaniacs.”
In America, untold numbers of young college students are being conscripted into the illusion of government-as-savior. Matriculating on the basis of government student loans, having to go deep into debt to pay back those loans, these young people are already wards of the State. For them, the only question is: how can they minimize the interest on the loans? Otherwise, they see government and its support of politically correct behavior and speech as conditioning mechanisms leading to “a better world.” This is Pathetic Mind Control 101.
As part of this political correctness, the students are taught to rail against big corporations, never realizing their adored Mommy-Daddy Government is an active partner in crime with the corporations.
“Reform government.” “Make government better.” Make government more responsive to the people.” This is like hoping to stage a conciliatory dialogue with a T. rex in Jurassic Park.
Socialism—the nightmare it represents—is the premier vehicle for those super-rich men who have limitless political goals that add up to population control.
Jon Rappoport
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. They maintain a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, they have worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for their free NoMoreFakeNews emails here or their OutsideTheRealityMachine emails here.
Jarrett Bell looks back on the life of Dennis Green and what they meant to the NFL and future coaches. (3:14)
When news of Dennis Green's passing on Thursday night became public, the internet reminisced on their time as a head coach in college football and in the NFL.
The first black #Pac12FB head coach, Dennis Green's success at Stanford paved the way. #RIPDenny pic.twitter.com/RHWEBdqWdq — Stanford Football (@StanfordFball) July 22, 2016
The events of a quarter century ago are a bit shrouded in history now, but it's interesting to remember that Green -- the Pac-12's first African-American head football coach -- led Stanford from 1989 to 1991, leaving a significant impact on the Cardinal that reverberated on the Farm about 15 years later, when Jim Harbaugh arrived and delivered a similar revival.
Green revived a stagnant Stanford football program. Their team knocked off top-ranked Notre Dame on the road in 1990 before finishing 8-3 in their final season. Green's defensive coordinator at Stanford was Willie Shaw, father of David Shaw -- the man who would become (and still is) the Cardinal's head coach 20 years later.
"Though our staff, Coach [Tyrone Willingham's] and Coach Harbaugh's have all had success, Coach Green was the first to win at Stanford with the combination of a physical running game, a West Coast passing attack and an aggressive defense,” David Shaw said. "Stanford football will miss Coach Green and forever be grateful."
I am deeply sorry to hear of the passing of my Stanford football coach & NFL coach Denny Green. My condolences are with all their loved ones. — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) July 22, 2016
Green coached Stanford at a fascinating time filled with future big names, so their breadth of connections doesn't end there. Future Super Bowl champion Brian Billick and Tyrone Willingham were also on their Stanford staff. David Shaw, Ed McCaffrey, John Lynch, Bob Whitfield and Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey all played under Green at Stanford. None other than the legendary Bill Walsh replaced Green at the Cardinal helm after the NFL came calling.
It was Green's decision to go for the win by two-point conversion (instead of a tie, which was possible at the time) in the 1990 Big Game that set in motion one of the most memorable finishes in college football history.
"Denny Green doesn't play for ties," the television announcer famously said.
Stanford beat California 27-25 in a game that Cardinal fans dub "The Revenge of the [1982] Play." That was a pivotal moment in Green's college coaching career, as it set Stanford on a winning trajectory for the next season.
Green would parlay that 1991 success into the head gig of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings the following year, and the rest is history.
In 1979, a mysterious flash occurred over the southern ocean that could have been a nuclear bomb.
by Brian Dunning
Filed under History & Pseudohistory, Urban Legends
Skeptoid Podcast #592
October 10, 2017
Podcast transcript | Download | Subscribe
Listen:
http://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4592.mp3
Something happened on the ocean on September 22, 1979 between South Africa and Antarctica. Some say it was a nuclear explosion; some say it was a natural event of some kind. Nobody's known to have seen it; all we have are some remote detections, but they don't add up very well. We also have some international politics, some government panels and coverups, some declassified documents covered in redactions, and a whole lot of data. We also have satellites and spies. This was the famous Vela Incident of 1979, also called the South Atlantic Flash. Today we're going to dive into the records as history slowly unfolded over about forty years, and see if we can figure out what happened.
Today's podcast is noteworthy in that I believe it holds the record for an idea sitting in my folder longer than any other without being produced: over nine years. It was back in 2008 that this topic was first emailed to me as an episode suggestion. I did a bit of preliminary research at the time, and concluded that the question of the Vela Incident simply didn't have any answer, which on the one hand is an answer in itself, of a sort; but on the other hand, it doesn't make for the most exciting Skeptoid episode. However, new information emerged, and now we have a bit clearer picture.
At the time, in 2008, the latest and greatest information on the Vela Incident was in a 2006 article from the National Security Archive at George Washington University. So let's begin with what was known for the first 30 years following the incident.
It all started with the Vela satellites, a fleet of twelve satellites launched from 1963 to 1970, intended to monitor compliance with the Partial Test Ban Treaty between the United States, United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union. This treaty allowed only underground nuclear testing, so the Vela satellites were built to detect any explosions either in space or in the atmosphere. Then, on September 22, 1979, about 3:00am local time, ba-boom. Vela 6911 caught the distinctive double flash of a nuclear detonation. The event was logged as Vela Alert 747.
Let's take a moment to talk about what happens during the first few milliseconds when a nuclear explosion happens. When the explosion begins, the device itself quickly goes to a temperature of about ten million kelvins. The X-rays and ultraviolet waves emitted heat the air within a few meters of the device to a temperature of about one million kelvins, which makes it extremely incandescent and causes an incredibly bright flash. Meanwhile, inside that cloud of bright gas, a shockwave expands, pushed by the explosion itself. Inside that shockwave, everything is a plasma, where the atomic particles are actually dissociated. Plasmas are opaque, because they absorb electromagnetic radiation at all frequencies. As that shockwave expands, it overtakes those first few meters of incandescent air, and once it does, its opacity actually shades it like a curtain. From there, the shockwave expands outward spherically; and as the plasma thins and diminishes it becomes increasingly transparent, allowing the expanding fireball to shine forth with its full brilliance. Thus, when a nuclear explosion happens, we actually get a double flash. The larger the yield, the longer the space between the flashes; ranging from 30 milliseconds for the smallest devices to half a second for larger ones.
What Alert 747 detected is this characteristic double flash, with a gap between the flashes indicating a small yield of between two and three kilotons. It was picked up on the satellite's bhangmeter. All twelve Velas were equipped with X-ray detectors, but the later six, known as the Advanced Vela satellites, also added bhangmeters.
You are asking what a bhangmeter is, so I will tell you. It's named after bhang, an edible form of cannibis popular in Hindu festivals, and evidently well known to the scientists who were working on this new type of radiometric sensor for detecting nuclear tests. One day at Los Alamos, one scientist observed that you'd have to be "on something" to think that this type of detector could determine a device's yield. But determine yield it could, so they duly dubbed it the bhangmeter. That story is, by all accounts, absolutely true.
President Jimmy Carter was in office, and word spread quickly that this detection of a nuclear blast had been made. Carter wrote in their diary for that very same day (published in 2010):
There was indication of a nuclear explosion in the region of South Africa — either South Africa, Israel using a ship at sea, or nothing.
So there's a lot to unpack here, just in these first hours. Obviously the probability that a nuclear weapon had been detonated in the atmosphere was a treaty violation, and that's big. Second, note that right away, as early as that very same day, the administration already suspected Israel and/or South Africa were responsible.
The importance of definitively answering this question was clear. Carter ordered their science advisor, Dr. Frank Press, to assemble a panel of outside experts to look at all the evidence. The panel was chaired by Dr. Jack Ruina, a former head of DARPA. The Ruina Panel issued its report in May of 1980. In short, it found the deviances between the light flash recorded by Vela and light flashes from known nuclear detonations too significant, and it found the lack of corroborating data which must exist to be problematic. The Ruina Panel's conclusion was that the most likely explanation for the Vela Incident was a meteoroid strike on the satellite itself, where the meteor's initial entry into the field of view was responsible for the initial flash, and the spread of debris from the impact responsible for the second flash.
A lot of briefs were written by lot of experts from the Air Force, from our National Laboratories, NGOs, and government over the next two or three years, and were quickly classified. They've since been declassified, and we can now read them. Nearly all were equivocal. About the only thing they agreed on was that there was no proof that a nuclear detonation had taken place. Most concluded that it was still the most likely explanation. Some also considered a variety of natural events, like a lightning superbolt making a double flash. One from the Defense Intelligence Agency found that the chances of the Ruina Panel's meteoroid causing the signal would be a once in a hundred billion years incident.
Right after the alert, the Air Force dispatched WC-135B Constant Phoenix aircraft to sample the atmosphere in the region of the flash. 25 sorties were flown from a classified air base totaling 230.4 hours. What was found? Bupkis. No fresh fission products. It looked like the flash was going to always remain a mystery.
However, in 2016, additional information was declassified. It came from the files of Gerard Smith, Jimmy Carter's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency. There was a lot in there that, put together, painted a pretty clear picture. After Alert 747, the State Department put out a series of memos on diplomatic strategy with South Africa if the news leaked, which it did; virtually confirming that the flash was indeed a diplomatic matter. In addition, hydroacoustic data from that exact spot in the ocean, from that exact time, had been analyzed by the US Naval Research Laboratory and found to be "unique to nuclear shots in a maritime environment." At least two spies, retired CIA officer Tyler Drumheller and retired KGB officer Dieter Gerhardt, said they knew it to have been a nuclear test called Operation Phoenix. Finally there was a variety of information from a number of sources that indicated the Ruina report had been a "whitewash", using flimsy evidence to arrive at a preferred conclusion of a natural event for political reasons, while the panel's actual research pointed toward a nuclear event, including the fact that experts would not have expected the aerial sampling to find anything. The National Security Archives provides links to dozens of these documents.
Why Israel and South Africa? And how did Carter know this within hours? The two nations' relationship was an interesting one. Israel wanted nuclear weapons but the international community didn't want them to. South Africa, with its official policy of apartheid, was an international pariah; but they did have one thing that everyone wanted: uranium. What better partnership could there be? Two nations, both outcast internationally, with a common goal and the expertise and the resources. We know that South Africa did provide Israel with uranium in the 1960s and again in the 1970s. South Africa had been caught preparing a site for underground nuclear tests in 1977 by both the Soviet Union and the United States, but was compelled to shut it down to protect its contract for French nuclear reactors. Israel's nuclear weapons capability has always been an open secret, but they've never been proven to have conducted a successful test.
Let's throw one more piece of circumstantial evidence onto the pile. In 1982, the Air Force produced a history of the operations of the Air Force Technical Applications Center (AFTAC) from 1979 - 1980, which detailed the air sampling done by the WC-135B aircraft. In this report, it was added:
Alert 747, the unexplained event that occurred on 22 September 1979 in the Southern Hemisphere, brought to light AFTAC's meager resources in that area of the world. This generated high-level interest in the AEDS [Atomic Energy Detection System] program and a reevaluation of the system to improve coverage in the Southern Hemisphere.
This was then done, by adding additional resources which were collectively called the Auxiliary Seismic Network. The Air Force knew that the resources it had in place in 1979 simply weren't adequate to definitively detect a nuclear test. And if the Air Force knew it, then it's probably a safe bet that Israeli intelligence knew it too. The uncertainty surrounding the detection and potentially corroborating evidence was not necessarily due to that evidence being nonexistent, but rather to our inadequate ability to collect it.
Case proven and closed? No, but settled (I think) to a sufficient degree of satisfaction. The Vela Incident — or the South Atlantic Flash — or Alert 747 — or Operation Phoenix — was a joint Israeli-South African nuclear test of less than 3 kilotons on the ocean surface. So there we have it: a tale of intrigue, espionage, and satellites from the cold war, probably — if not definitively — solved.
Addendum: Further evidence was published in 2018 about the discovery of radionuclides in Australian sheep that could only have come from such an atomic explosion. Details are in Skeptoid #660. - BD
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Brandon Ambrosino (Photo Courtesy of Media Matters)
An addendum to this piece was posted on Sunday, March 16.
On Tuesday, former Washington Post pundit (and Prospect alum) Ezra Klein sent a shock wave through the gay community by announcing they had hired gay anti-gay apologist Brandon Ambrosino to join them at Vox Media, the much-hyped digital venture that's aiming to remake journalism for the Internet age. Liberal watchdog group Media Matters was the first to sound the alarm, but within a day, gay-rights supporters—from Mark Stern at Slate to John Aravosis at AmericaBlog—had joined the chorus of voices asking Klein: What were you thinking?
The problem with hiring Ambrosino is not that Klein isn't entitled to bring someone on board whose views the gay community finds distasteful. It's that Ambrosino's quick rise to notoriety—and now, their ticket aboard the profession's hottest new upstart—is an object lesson in the way new media equates click-bait contrarianism with serious thought and gives hacks a platform in the name of ideological balance.
Ambrosino, who enrolled in Jerry Falwell's Liberty University in 2003,* has earned their name as a journalist—and their coveted spot at Vox Media—by being the gay writer who comes to the defense of gay-rights antagonists. They most recently stirred up a storm by proclaiming, at The New Republic, that homosexuality is a choice and that they have chosen to be gay. Time magazine gave them space to call gays the real bigots for piling on Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson, who had equated homosexuality with bestiality and said gays weren't going to heaven (still, Ambrosino says they wouldn't mind going fishing with the guy). At The Atlantic, Ambrosino threw their hat in the ring for the founder of their alma mater, who blamed September 11 on gays and accused them of trying to "recruit" children; Ambrosino says liberals like Bill Maher have slandered the Moral Majority founder and says, in Falwell's defense, that the guy with the "big fat smile" probably wouldn't have had them stoned to death if he'd known about Ambrosino's sexuality. Ambrosino also defends the views of ex-gay therapists and same-sex marriage opponents, whom they say aren't motivated by bigotry. In The Baltimore Sun, Ambrosino went after the guys in "butt-less chaps and high-heels" at gay-pride marches who earn society's prejudice with their "hypersexual antics": “I think there is a subversive power in living out my gay life in a way that seeks to emphasize the common ground I share with straight communities,” they wrote. “I don't want to participate in an event that seeks to highlight how countercultural I am.” Unsurprisingly, the religious right has been thrilled to find an acolyte among the fallen.
Gay intellectuals like Andrew Sullivan or Jonathan Rauch may occasionally ruffle queer folks' feathers for going against the grain when it comes to hate-crime laws, say, or the right of for-profit businesses to turn away gay customers. But Ambrosino should not be thought of in this mold. Whereas Sullivan's and Rauch's positions are thoughtfully staked out and stem from nuanced views about the role of government, Ambrosino's iconoclasm amounts to heedless self-promotion. Their gross distortions of mainstream gay views and stunning lack of fluency in the basic language of gay equality reveals them to be little but a feckless provocateur. Their mischaracterization of 20th-century philosopher Michel Foucault—Ambrosino warps the philosopher's idea that sexuality is a “social construct” to justify their view that gays choose their sexuality—has gotten them called out by academics. But their use of nonsensical phrases like "intersexed crossdressers" (intersexuality, a medical condition, has nothing to do with cross-dressing) and penchant for referring to transsexualism as a "sexual choice" (it's not about sexuality) show that their lack of familiarity with their subject matter runs even deeper.
So the big question: Why has a string of editors, culminating with Klein, given this guy a platform? In an interview on Wednesday evening, Klein told me they hadn't read the pieces that had kicked up so much dust before bringing Ambrosino on but did so once they began facing criticism for the hire. “I don't want to pretend that I have the context and the background to perfectly or authoritatively judge this debate," Klein said. "But when I read their pieces, I didn't come away with the impression that they hold an iota of homophobia.” “Homophobia”—which activists too often use as shorthand to describe anti-gay views that don't necessarily stem from fear—may be the wrong word for it. But even a cursory read through Ambrosino's writings should raise red flags. Klein, though, seems mystified by the blowback. They acknowledge that they are new to the process of staffing an enterprise like Vox. “I gotta be honest,” they said. “With a lot of this stuff, I'm trying to figure out what success means.”
It's unclear what role Ambrosino will play in Vox's coverage of LGBT issues; Klein stressed that they hired Ambrosino as a writing fellow, part of a training program for young journalists. But the fact that the hiring process failed to raise any questions about Ambrosino's journalism raises questions about the kind of oversight he'll receive at Vox. Plus, as a gay-rights advocate and friend of mine remarked, only half in jest, “After that he'll have a star-studded résumé and free rein to antagonize us for years!”
Klein has come under fire for the lack of racial and gender diversity among Vox's announced hires, and their decision to hire Ambrosino shows how much they have to learn about genuine diversity. Klein told me they found Ambrosino's background as a gay Christian compelling and is trying to cultivate "ideological diversity” as well as gender and racial diversity at Vox. While they have a number of female hires in the pipeline, Klein said they are struggling to find racial minorities for the venture, adding: “I also want to say, other kinds of diversity are important—ideological diversity." I asked Klein what they meant by ideological diversity. “It's not that I have a quota that I need Republicans,” they said; they just doesn't want a staff where “everybody thinks the same way.” This is a noble impulse, and varying viewpoints certainly do enliven intellectual debate. But Ambrosino's views aren't merely different; they're ill-informed and dishonest. The grand irony here is that Klein themselves has made a career out of being a centrist wonk who's careful with facts.
Vox's decision to hire Ambrosino shows why it's so important to have diversity not just among writers but also among the management at journalistic institutions. As Klein admits, he's not the best judge of journalism on LBGT issues. Which is sort of the point: Not having a gay person in Vox's leadership—someone who is familiar with the fault lines and sensitivities of the debate—leaves editors vulnerable to making tone-deaf decisions. If Klein wanted a smart young voice on gay rights, they had scores of brilliant, journalistically sound, responsible queer journalists to choose from—Slate's Stern comes immediately to mind, as does Metro Weekly's Justin Snow. Perhaps Klein didn't know where to look, but given the promise and resources of Vox, it's incumbent on leaders like them to do more than post job openings online; if you want diversity, you have to work at it. Cheap traffic, on the other hand, is low-hanging fruit.
Ambrosino fits a mold the bright new media loves: He's a nerdy white kid whose contrarian views stir the pot. There is no question, especially given the sketchy quality of Ambrosino's work, that the allure of having someone gay parrot anti-gay views has led editors to look at them and think, "interesting." Their formula is tired, if effective: They throw bombs into the gay community, and their editors call the explosion a debate. It's disappointing, to say the least, that a journalism venture with the tremendous promise and resources of Vox Media is relying on that cheap trick.
ADDENDUM: Ezra Klein has taken issue, via e-mail message, with my characterization of their reading of Ambrosino's work prior to hiring him: “I read most of the stories of Brandon's that became controversial prior to the hire," Klein writes. "I didn't read everything he's ever written, of course, but the impression your story appears to have given folks—that I read nothing they did before hiring him—is wrong, and I'd appreciate a clarification.”
The story accurately reflects the notes I took during my interview with Klein. Here are the relevant notes, quoting Klein's answer to my question about their familiarity with Ambrosino's controversial stories before the hiring:
The piece about Brandon's experience at Liberty University was a personal narrative that showed the way people who have a pretty bigoted worldview react with more compassion when confronted with a person. The TNR piece, read today—it seemed to be saying that the exclusion of gay people is wrong no matter what reason their gay is. Seemed to me incredibly strong argument against morality of discrimination in any context. These things have clearly raised alarm bells that speak to a debate that I am not always in. Definitely didn't read them, but when I did don't come away with the impression that they hold an iota of homophobia.
Klein has elaborated in a post on Facebook that they read "a lot of" of Ambrosino's previous published work before hiring them and gave them an extensive writing test that required them to write eight news articles and two explainers—more than 5,000 words.
*CORRECTION: An earlier version of this piece stated Ambrosino's age as 23. They enrolled at Liberty University in 2003, which would make them 27-28.
The existence of nuclear weapons is an ugly symbol of the violent consciousness that plagues humanity. Despite tremendous technological advancements, developments in health care and wonders of creative expression, little of note has changed in humanity's collective consciousness: Tribalism, idealism and selfish desire persist, negative tendencies that under the pervasive socio-economic systems are exacerbated and encouraged. People and nations are set in competition with one another, separation and mistrust is fed, leading to disharmony, fear and conflict.
Such engineered insecurity is used as justification for nations to maintain a military force, and in the case of the world's nuclear powers, arm themselves with weapons that, if used, would destroy all life, human and sub-human alike. Despite this, unlike biological and chemical weapons, landmines and cluster munitions, possession of nuclear weapons is not prohibited under international law, although launching them would, according to CND, breach a plethora of conventions and declarations.
Sustainable security is not created through threats and the cultivation of fear, but by building relationships, cooperating and establishing trust. As long as nuclear weapons exist there is a risk of them being used, of an accident – and there have been many close shaves since 1948 – and subsequent annihilation. As the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICANW) rightly states, “Prohibiting and completely eliminating nuclear weapons is the only guarantee against their use.” The rational thing to do is to move towards a nuclear free world and with some urgency; this necessarily entails the nuclear powers disarming, either unilaterally or bilaterally. Someone has to begin the process; by taking the moral initiative others will be under pressure to follow, whereas, as former US Secretary of State George Shultz put it, “proliferation begets proliferation.”
Clearing the world of these monstrous machines would not only be a major step in safeguarding humanity and the planet, it would represent a triumph of humane principles of goodness — cooperation, trust, unity — over hate, suspicion and discord.
There can be little doubt that the vast majority of people and nations in the world would like nuclear weapons to be decommissioned. It is the Governments of some of the most powerful countries that stand as obstacles to common-sense and progress: Corporate-State governments motivated not by a burning desire to help create a peaceful world at ease with itself, but driven by self-interest, pressure from financial investors and the demands of the arms-industry.
Towards the end of 2016, the United Nations general assembly adopted a landmark resolution to begin to “negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons, leading towards their total elimination.” Talks began in February this year, when the first leg of a two stage conference was held in New York; 123 nations voted to outlaw them, while the nine nuclear powers (USA, China, France, Britain, Russia, India, Pakistan, Israel and North Korea), rather predictably stood in opposition to a ban and voted against the proposal, as did nuclear host and alliance countries such as Belgium, Italy, Croatia and Norway, among others: Shame on them all. These obstructive governments do not represent the wishes of their populations, their motives are corrupt, their actions irresponsible.
It's interesting to note that the countries that possess nuclear weapons seem to believe it's fine for them to have these tools of destruction, but not for other nations, particularly those that have a different world view. Between them, these nine nations boast around 15,000 nuclear weapons; America and Russia own 93% of the total of which some 1,800 are reportedly kept on ‘high-alert status', meaning they can be launched within minutes. Just one of these warheads, if detonated on a large city, could kill millions of people, with the effects persisting for decades.
Modern nuclear weapons are a great deal smaller and many times more powerful than the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945, which, far from ending the war, was completely unnecessary, and caused death and destruction on a scale hitherto unseen. As Admiral William D. Leahy, the highest-ranking member of the U.S. military at the time, wrote in their memoirs, the atomic bomb “was of no material assistance” against Japan, because “the Japanese were already defeated.” General Dwight D. Eisenhower echoed this view, saying, “Japan was at the moment seeking some way to surrender with minimum loss of ‘face'. It wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing.” In dropping the bombs, Leahy said, the U.S. “had adopted an ethical standard common to the barbarians of the Dark Ages. I was not taught to make war in that fashion, and wars cannot be won by destroying women and children.”
False, Expensive Logic
The perverse attitude surrounding the possession of nuclear weapons was evident during the UK election campaign when Jeremy Corbyn – a lifelong peace activist and co-founder of the Stop the War Campaign – was repeatedly criticized by the right-wing media (including the BBC), Conservative politicians and manipulated members of the public, for refusing to say whether they would, or would not, launch a nuclear attack. They met such irrational hypotheticals with composure and suppressed irritation, saying that they would do all they could to avert conflict in the first place and that every effort should be made to rid the world of these ultimate weapons of mass destruction.
 They are right and should be applauded for taking such a sane, common-sense approach, but the collective imagination has been poisoned to such a degree that advocating peace, and engaging in dialogue with one's enemies is regarded as a sign of weakness, whereas sabre rattling and intransigence are hailed as displays of strength.
In addition to the rick of human and planetary death, the financial costs of producing, maintaining and developing these instruments of terror is staggering and diverts resources from areas of real need – health care, education, dealing with the environmental catastrophe, and eradicating hunger. Globally, ICAN reports that the “annual expenditure on nuclear weapons is estimated at USD 105 Billion – or $12 million an hour”. Unsurprisingly America spends the largest amount by far; equivalent, in fact, to the other eight nuclear-armed nations combined. Between 2010 and 2018 the US will spend at least $179 billion and probably more, while 50 million of its citizens live in grinding poverty.
In 2002 the World Bank forecast that “an annual investment of just US$40–60 billion, or roughly half the amount currently spent on nuclear weapons, would be enough to meet the internationally agreed Millennium Development Goals on poverty alleviation by the target date of 2015.” But the powerful and tooled up prefer to invest in an arsenal of total destruction. It makes no sense; it is another example of the insanity that surrounds us.
The irrational political choice of maintaining a nuclear arsenal is justified by duplicitous politicians as a means of establishing of peace; it is they claim, a necessary deterrent against aggression. This is not only dishonest, it is totally false logic: far from making the world a safer place, the very possession of nuclear weapons by any one country allows for and encourages their proliferation, thereby increasing the risk of them being used, or accidentally detonated.
If retaining nuclear weapons is not to deter would be invaders what is the reason for the massive financial investment and the dangers that are inherent in patrolling the Earth with these weapons of total destruction?
National image and bravado, the men with the biggest sticks ruling the roost, sitting around the UN Security Council (a remnant of the past that should be scrapped altogether) is, no doubt, one factor, but the primary reason why the nuclear powers consistently block moves to rid the world of these killing machines lies in the world of business. The companies and financial investors involved in developing, manufacturing and maintaining the weapons as well as trading in related technology, parts or services do not want to see an end to the cash cow of nuclear indulgence.
In its detailed report Don't Bank on the Bomb ICAN relates that in America, Britain, India and France private companies are given contracts worth billions of USD to develop “new, more useable, and more destabilizing nuclear weapons.” In Russia, China, Pakistan and North Korea this work is done by government agencies, where no doubt corruption is rife. Financial institutions, including high-street banks and insurance companies, are investing in companies involved in manufacturing and maintaining nuclear weapons; such organizations should reveal their investments and be boycotted by the public. I would go further and say that investment in firms connected with making these abominations should be illegal.
If peace is the collective objective, nuclear weapons must be regarded as a major obstacle and those connected in their construction, including investors, seen as collaborators in the creation of an atmosphere of mistrust and conflict, facilitators of fear and insecurity. The contemporary threats to national security come not from potential armed invasion, but from terrorism, cyber-security issues, poverty and the environmental catastrophe – which, unless drastic steps are taken, will result in an unprecedented worldwide refugee crisis. In the light of such threats, nuclear weapons as a so-called deterrent are irrelevant.
Peace will not be established by ever-larger arsenals of nuclear weapons held by more and more nations. It will be built on a firm foundation of trust, and as Pope Francis has said “on the protection of creation, and the participation of all in public life,” as well as “access to education and health, on dialogue and solidarity.” It is by negating the causes of conflict that peace will be allowed to flourish. Such causes are rooted in social injustice, community divisions, prejudice and discrimination, competition and inequality, and must be countered by demonstrations of tolerance, the cultivation of cooperation and expression of compassion.
Maybe the silliest question regarding the Dolphins over the past few months was whether free agents would want to sign with Miami, post-Bullygate. Would they be turned off by the controversy and upheaval here? Would they be concerned about the workplace environment and “culture?”
Please. There is a magic cure-all that works with any NFL free agent. It is called money. It is a potent and mesmerizing elixir. Sure, attracting free agents by being able to show shoppers a winning team, star coach or big-time general manager is nice. But other teams' advantages almost always may be trumped by the right contract offer.
Money is why the Dolphins were able to re-sign their own top free agent-to-be, cornerback Brent Grimes, before they hit the open market starting Tuesday at 4 p.m.
Money is why, on Monday, the Dolphins agreed to terms with free agent safety Louis Delmas, a veteran upgrade over Chris Clemons.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
And money is why the Dolphins are now expected to land former Chiefs left tackle Branden Albert, a major free-agent prize who'd be a huge salvo in the fast reconstruction of a decimated offensive line.
Heck, money — should they have wished to part with enough of it — is why the Dolphins perhaps could have even signed Bills Pro Bowl free safety Jairus Byrd if they hadn't chosen a much-less expensive alternative in Delmas.
(Speaking of money, good for owner Stephen Ross for agreeing Monday to spend about $400 million of their own to renovate their stadium, after being rebuffed for tax-subsidy help. This is a goodwill gesture that will help in repair the public image of a franchise in dire need of that.).
Teams must pretend it isn't about money first, of course.
Miami enticing
“I think a free agent will be attracted to who we are,” new Dolphins general manager Dennis Hickey said. “We have an excellent coaching staff. We live in Miami. We have a committed owner ”
All well and good. But free agents will mainly want to come here because, in the Dolphins' case right now, “who we are” is a team with roughly $35 million to spend in free agency, which makes Miami as enticing a destination for football free agents as South Beach is for tourists.
Money makes Miami a free agent player right now, not workplace, “culture,” Super Bowl odds or anything else. No image-smear by Richie Incognito and Bullygate will keep players away if the price is right.
And that foists the onus squarely on Hickey, the guy with all the Monopoly money. So many options confront them as they begin making their imprint on this team and roster and, in turn, begins to make beleaguered Dolfans forget about the mistake-laden, wheels-spinning regime of their predecessor, Jeff Ireland.
Hickey was not Miami's first or second or third choice for GM.  They are here because other preferred candidates were scared off by doubts about the club's power structure, or by objections to having to inherit coach Joe Philbin. GMs are self-preservationists who need to know first who has the power to fire them and whom they have the power to fire. To them, power trumps dollars.
It's simpler with players. Show them the money.
Hickey is off to a good start, with Grimes in the bank, Delmas in the fold and reports that Albert is all but a done deal.
The new GM's job is to not only spend wisely and smartly in free agency but to dovetail areas best addressed now with areas better addressed in the May draft. Hickey is a 20-year NFL lifer who has waited their whole career for a challenge like these next few months. Now they have a chance to show everybody the NFL kept them waiting too long, and prove that Miami, by dumb luck, got the right guy.
Options abound
So many options.
Hickey (with collaborative input from Philbin) already has displayed their priority in targeting the offensive line and secondary, but where they aim next is why we watch.
Miami could intensify efforts to keep Paul Soliai (which seems smart) or troll the market for a replacement defensive tackle.
Surely at least one blocker in addition to Albert and probably a couple of more will be signed. Jets' tackle Austin Howard, perhaps? Chiefs guard Jon Asamoah?
I have heard (and had) crazier ideas than pursuing the return of Ted Ginn Jr. in a kickoff- and punt-return role.
Running back is another position of free agency intrigue for Miami, at least by my eye, with the incumbent tandem of Lamar Miller and Daniel Thomas both young and unproven.
Available LeGarrette Blount, 27, would seem an upgrade at the right price. They averaged 5.0 yards per carry for the Patriots last season, and Hickey knows them from their time with Tampa Bay.
Maurice Jones-Drew is an intriguing option at a bargain number — if healthy. They turn 29 on March 23 but could have a couple of big seasons left providing a receiving threat out of the backfield. (Darren Sproles has similar dual-threat utility value.)
Oh, almost forgot. Texans running back Ben Tate is out there, too, dangling as somebody's prize.
Smart choices
More certain than who else the Dolphins might end up getting is that they'd better get it right.
Most NFL teams are trying to fill holes right now.
Miami is trying to fill a steaming crater (the offensive line), mend smaller holes, earn back the lost faith of beyond-frustrated fans and also repair the battered image and brand of an entire franchise.
The Dolphins earning back that trust and getting past the stink of Bullygate won't be a matter of investigations or task-force recommendations. Not even a refurbished stadium can do that.
This franchise healing itself will be a matter of a sustained run of really smart personnel decisions that lead to consistent and prolonged winning.
That starts with Dennis Hickey and $35 million.
And it starts now.
Glenn Robert Simpson (born 1964/1965) is an American former journalist who worked for The Wall Street Journal until 2009, and then co-founded the Washington-based research business Fusion GPS.[2] They were also a senior fellow at the International Assessment and Strategy Center.[3]
 They are the co-author of Dirty Little Secrets: The Persistence of Corruption in American Politics written with political scientist Larry Sabato and published in 1996.[4] A New York Times book review called the book's approach "fiercely bipartisan".[5]
Early life [ edit ]
Simpson graduated from Conestoga High School in 1982, then went to George Washington University, where their neck was broken in a car crash.[6]
Career [ edit ]
Before Simpson worked for The Wall Street Journal, they were a reporter for Roll Call, where they broke stories on GOPAC, a political action committee headed by House Speaker Newt Gingrich.[5]
Simpson left journalism in part to earn more money. Explaining why they left journalism, they quipped: “We don't use the word 'sold out.' We use the word 'cashed in.'”[7]
Trump opposition research [ edit ]
From September 2015 to May 2016, Simpson was retained by a conservative newspaper, the Washington Free Beacon, to collect information on many of the Republican presidential candidates including Donald Trump.[8][9][2][10]
After the Free Beacon stopped funding the research, the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign's law firm, Perkins Coie, picked up the deal with Simpson's company Fusion GPS.[9] In June 2016, Fusion GPS hired Christopher Steele, a former MI6 agent, to obtain information on Trump. Steele used their "old contacts and farmed out other research to native Russian speakers who made phone calls on their behalf".[11] After November 2016, funding from the Democratic Party ceased, and Simpson reportedly spent their own money to fund further work on the dossier.[12]
Congressional investigations into Russian interference in 2016 United States elections [ edit ]
In 2017 during Congressional inquiries into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, Simpson testified before the House Intelligence Committee that Roger Stone, Steve Bannon, and Ted Malloch, a "significant figure" in the Brexit campaign, had ties to each other.[13]
On August 22, 2017, Simpson was questioned for 10 hours by the Senate Judiciary Committee in a closed-door meeting. The Committee did not release a transcript of the hearing. Simpson reportedly did not reveal the identities of their clients.[14] The transcript was unilaterally released by Senator Dianne Feinstein on January 9, 2018.[15][16]
Bahar Dar, Ethiopia - The figures are staggering: At least $1.8 trillion illicitly flowed out of Africa between 1970 and 2009.
This is far more than the external aid the continent received over the same period, and almost five times its current external debt. According to researchers, the continent also loses at least $100bn a year in this financial haemorrhage.
African leaders convened this week in the Ethiopian city of Bahar Dar to discuss illicit financial flows and what can be done to staunch them. A study commissioned by the Tana High Level Forum on African Security, which organised the conference, found that illicit flows from Africa grew at an average rate of 12.1 percent per year since 1970, and that capital flight from West and Central African countries accounted for most of the illicit flows from sub-Saharan Africa.
Illicit financial flows consist of money earned illegally and then transferred for use elsewhere. The money is usually generated from criminal activities, corruption, tax evasion, bribes and smuggling. Yet the numbers tell only part of the story - a story that exposes how these highly complex and deeply entrenched practises have flourished, with a devastating impact on Africans' efforts to extricate themselves from grinding poverty.
This scourge eats into the gross domestic products of African countries, draining foreign exchange reserves, reducing tax collection and investment inflows and worsening poverty.
"The costs of this financial haemorrhage have been significant for African countries. It has heightened income inequality and jeopardised employment prospects. In the majority of countries in the continent, unemployment rates have remained exceedingly high in the absence of investment and industrial expansion," said Kenya's Central Bank Governor Dr Njuguna Ndungu.
Worse than expected
And some believe that the estimates of illicit financial flows underestimate the problem. "These figures do not capture money lost through drug trafficking and the loss of Africa's marine resources through illegal fishing," said Abdiweli Mohammed Ali, the new president of Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region.
"Somalia loses between $800m and $1bn through illegal fishing every year. This is money we cannot afford to lose. Something must be done about the illegal international fishing cartels looting our marine resources," said Abdiweli, who is also a former prime minister of Somalia.
It's shameful that Nigeria leads in such an unsavoury trend. But it must be pointed out that we are also leaders in trying to repatriate some of the stolen funds. - Nuhu Ribadu, former chairperson of Nigeria's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission
The study also found a significant link between increases in the price of oil and capital flight from Nigeria - Africa's largest oil producer, which also accounted for the highest amount of illicit outflows.
"Some of the acceleration in illicit outflows was undoubtedly driven by oil price increases and increased opportunities to misprice trade that typically accompany increasing trading volumes due to globalisation," the report noted.
For instance, Nigeria lost at least $250bn between 2000 and 2009. South Africa, which was the continent's biggest economy until it was recently overtaken by Nigeria, came second with a loss of at least $170bn over the same period. Egypt, Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Angola, Sudan and Cameroon are also high on the list.
Nuhu Ribadu, a former chairperson of Nigeria's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), said: "It's shameful that Nigeria leads in such an unsavoury trend. But it must be pointed out that we are also leaders in trying to repatriate some of the stolen funds. We managed to recover billions that former military dictator Sani Abacha stashed in banks abroad."
Ribadu said Africa needs honest and committed leaders who will set examples by eschewing corruption and closing avenues of illicit financial flow. "It is the seriousness and commitment showed by African leaders that would convince foreign countries to work with them towards recovering looted monies stashed abroad."
Skewing income distribution
Experts say the enormity of the outflow explains why donor-driven efforts to spur economic development and reduce poverty have not achieved their full potential in Africa. Sustained illicit outflows have also turned the continent into a net creditor to the rest of the world.
"Policy measures must be taken to address the causes of illicit outflows and also to impress upon the international community the need for better transparency and tighter oversight of banks and offshore financial centres that absorb these flows," said former South African President Thabo Mbeki.
Mbeki is also the chair of the Commission on Illicit Finances established by the UN Economic Commission on Africa.
As long as illicit capital continues to pour out of impoverished African countries at this pace, efforts to reduce poverty and boost economic growth will be thwarted, and income distribution will become more skewed, leading to economic and political instability.
Yet there is a glimmer of hope, now that African leaders and governments are increasingly understanding - and coming to terms with - the dangers posed by illicit financial flows.
Follow Mohammed Adow on Twitter: @Moadow
Ricciardo joins the elite
For once, it genuinely couldn't have happened to a nicer fellow. There is unlikely to have ever been a more popular first-time winner in F1 than Daniel Ricciardo, the ever-smiling, ever-polite young Australian whose pace and personality added up to a winning combination that nobody could begrudge on Sunday night.
Ricciardo had probably already done enough in the first six races of 2014, in which they had consistently out-paced and out-scored Sebastian Vettel, the fallen tyrant of F1, to confirm themselves as a star of the future. In Montreal, they were elevated to a star of the present, their status as the real deal signed, sealed and delivered with emphatic and impressive opportunism. The race might have fallen their way, but it fell the way of several others, including the World Champion himself, and yet it was only Ricciardo who took the opportunity, snatching victory out of Nico Rosberg's grasp just a lap after passing the worn-out Sergio Perez.
What others may have choked on, Ricciardo gobbled up. This is a driver destined for greater things.
Rosberg finds lady luck an advantageous companion
In the grand scheme of things, and with 2014 yet to reach the halfway stage, Lewis Hamilton's 22-point deficit to Nico Rosberg is significant but not yet substantial. Measured in the old money of F1's former points-scoring system, it amounts to a modest-sounding nine points. Squared with the format fudge of Abu Double, it's less than half the points the race victor will earn in the final race of the season. It's troublesome, but no more than that.
Yet Hamilton ought to be troubled by the impression that momentum and luck, a sportsman's favourite companion and sport's most fickle protagonist, has joined sides with Rosberg. The German rode their luck on Sunday, avoiding a warranted penalty and narrowly avoiding a slidey leer into a wall as the pressure told, but they also drove with great intelligence and accuracy in the final stages to nurse their ailing car to the finishing line. According to Mercedes, the loss of straight-line horsepower in their W05 was on a par with the total power an average road car boasts.
One race on from Nico Rosberg's controversial qualifying session in Monaco, the German again seemed to gain an unfair advantage on their teammate as they took One race on from Nico Rosberg's controversial qualifying session in Monaco, the German again seemed to gain an unfair advantage on their teammate as they took
In the final reckoning, as they registered a seventh successive podium finish, Rosberg was as much a winner as Ricciardo, claiming eighteen points over their solitary title rival on a day, and at a circuit, where Hamilton was clearly faster. Did they ever film a sequel of The Great Escape? They have now.
Rosberg is developing a curious capacity for benefitting from making mistakes under pressure. In Monaco, their qualifying error prevented Hamilton claiming a likely pole position from where victory was a near certainty. This weekend, they cracked again, and benefited again, as they missed the chicane to suddenly slip clear of Hamilton and out of the DRS noose.
Despite misinformed opinion to the contrary, the rulebook offers scope for the flight attendants to have imposed a penalty in the circumstances. Article 20.2 of the Sporting Regulations emphatically declares that any driver who leaves the track can only rejoin when ‘it is safe to do so and without gaining any advantage'. Rosberg's advantage was multi-layered: not only did they gain in excess of half a second over Hamilton, but they broke out of the DRS zone just when Hamilton had built up a convincing head of steam and kept track position over their team-mate – the difference, perhaps, between Hamilton's brake problem becoming terminal and Rosberg's own issue remaining manageable. “The thing is I was following them and when you are following someone you are getting more heat - they were in clean air the whole time in front,” a forlorn noted Hamilton.
Expecting the flight attendants to have foreseen any such possible cause and effect association as they adjudged Rosberg's transgression would be too much. But it is reasonable to expect the flight attendants to have been aware of recent history at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve and the fact that the winning margin in three of the last four races at the venue had been less than three seconds. Every tenth matters in Montreal and for the flight attendants not to have viewed Rosberg's beneficial infringement from that established perspective was the most curious aspect of a very curious business all round.
Newey sails away to end an era
Although the news of Adrian Newey's contract extension with Red Bull was, understandably, dressed up as reason for celebration by the team this weekend, any doubt that the sport's foremost technical genius is preparing to sail away was cleared up on the Montreal grid. "I am looking forward to some different challenges, I've had a great time in Formula 1, but it is time to get involved in different things," Newey told Martin Brundle.
With Ross Brawn gone, and Newey going, the death knell has sounded for the era of the aerodynamicist in F1. With quiet, hybrid efficiency, the sport has moved on to become a sport in which engine power is the new king. There is much to mourn in the passing of the aerodynamicist, the geeky pursuit elevated to coolness by the sleek, peerless creations they dreamt up. But time stands still for no man, not even geniuses, and the Neweys of F1's former world, have been marginalised by the sport's decision to chase road relevancy - an impression encapsulated by Newey's latest offspring, the RB10, trailing the Mercedes by upwards of a second per lap despite being regarded as the most aerodynamically effective car on the grid.
The rules of the game have changed and it appears Newey's final masterstroke has been to call time on themselves just when last orders were being served on him.
Vergne's timely reminder
Amid the dramatic bedlam of Sunday's race, it was easy to overlook Jenson Button's late surge to fourth and Jean-Eric Vergne's quietly impressive run to eighth. Confirmation that Button will stay on at McLaren for 2015 cannot be too far away. True, the Englishman has their critics, but it's also true that they have too many. There are a better driver in F1 but few, if any, are as under-estimated as Jenson. He's also currently the best thing about McLaren.
Vergne, meanwhile, was long overdue a result. He's qualified in the top ten on five occasions this season, but Canada marked their first points-scoring result since Australia. If they are to keep their seat with Toro Rosso for 2015, they need more – quietly impressive performances, and results flattered by two last-retirements ahead of them on the road, won't be enough. Too easily overlooked over the last two years, and not just on Sunday, Vergne quickly needs to become visible.
PG
by
There aren't that many choices for fully-featured, pocketable compacts at the moment; in my ongoing quest to find the ideal take-everywhere companion, I've probably tried most of them. Current top of the heap is the Sony RX100; I've also used the GR-Digital series, Fuji XF1 and Panasonic LX/ Leica D-Lux series. For whatever reason, I've never really bonded with the Canon S-series, so that's never made it into my pocket; same with any of the Nikon Coolpixes, though I'm really hoping the A will change that. Whilst I loved the RX100 for its fantastic sensor, the lens arguably lets the package down: it may be fast one the wide end, but for it to keep up with the sensor in the corners, you have to stop down a bit (thereby negating this advantage) and the tele end is just plain slow.
First signs of sakura season
Regular readers will know I'm a firm believer in carrying a camera at all times; the question is, what should that camera-for-when-you-don't-want-to-carry-a-camera be? Let's just say the hunt goes on. As part of the quest, I borrowed a D-Lux 6 from Leica Malaysia to put it through its paces on my recent trip to Japan. Thanks to an enormous work backload, I've only just had a chance to finish looking through the files in detail.
People's park
First off: I've had a lot of people asking if the Leica version is any different to the Panasonic version. Physically, they are identical but for the cosmetics – the Leica has a nicer, cleaner (but also slipperier) design and square buttons. The Panasonic has a few more curves, flourishes, chrome bits and a small but welcome front grip. Menu cosmetics are different. Both have identical sensors, lenses, EVF capability, and as far as I can tell, file output. The Leica version is more expensive, but includes Lightroom and an extended warranty; in the end, it washes out price-wise. Buy the Leica if you need processing software or intend to keep the camera a bit longer; the warranty helps and it holds resale value a bit better, too. I reviewed this version because it's what I happened to have access to.
Yahoo! Dome and cloud, home of the Fukuoka Seahawks.
The headline spec for both cameras is the lens: a 24-90mm f1.4-2.3 (!) diagonal 35mm equivalent – I'll explain this in a minute – Leica-designed ‘Vario Summilux'. It's coupled to a 1/1.7″, 12MP sensor that never outputs more than 10MP; this is because the diagonal angle of view of the lens is always constant, so the image circle is slightly larger than the sensor. This means that the horizontal field of view actually gets wider than your change aspect ratios (on a handy slider on top of the lens barrel) rather than merely cropping – the 16:9 option has the horizontal angle of view roughly equivalent to a 21-22mm in 35mm terms. It is supposedly an updated version of the sensor in the predecessor (LX5, D-Lux 5). I used one of these extensively and loved the optical quality of the lens and its close focus ability throughout the entire zoom range; fortunately neither has changed.
Shooting with easily-switchable multiple aspect ratios is an interesting experience. I'm used to this normally – my Nikons are 3:2; my Hasselblads are square; my OM-D is 4:3. I regularly compose and crop to 16:9. So in theory, the Swiss Army Knife switch should be perfect for me. In reality, I found it a little disorienting to use, because it distracted me from forcing myself to compose for the aspect ratio. It doesn't help that if you normally crop down, then either the horizontal or vertical angle of view stays the same – this is obviously not the case with the DL6/LX7. I found my compositions were much stronger if I just picked one aspect ratio and stuck with it – for most of the trip, this happened to be square since I was also shooting with the Hasselblad.
One of the city's famous yatai stalls.
Physically, the camera is a little larger than its predecessor; the mode dial is a little stiffer, it's gained another thumb jog-tab on the back to activate the ND filter or change focus distance; some of the menus are a little different, and the big change is of course the addition of a physical aperture ring. It's also a bit larger than the RX100. It still takes the same tilting EVF, which is welcome as it improves the overall stability and low-light usability of the camera dramatically. Too bad it also adds considerably to the price and bulk of the package, too. The battery is carried over from the previous version, which is a good thing for those who are upgrading and happen to have spares lying around.
In thought
I have to be honest: there are three things I really don't like on the DL6/LX7, and they're all related to the mechanical operation of the lens. First is the manual lens cap, second is the aperture ring, and third is the glacial slowness of the lens to zoom. The first two are actually related; let me explain. Though I'm used to lens caps with all of my other cameras, not having to deal with one on the RX100 means that it's possible to do single-handed grabs where you draw, hit power, and shoot all in one action. Having to remove a lens cap first and then slide a switch is akin to remembering your wadding, ramming the ball and rod, then remembering to check your flint before priming the pan. It's just annoying on a compact. (You also have to remember to hold it out of the way so it doesn't inadvertently get in the shot.) You're probably thinking that there isn't room to put a retracting lens cap in since the front element is so damn enormous, but you'd be wrong: if they didn't have the aperture ring – which is pointless on a compact because you have zero depth of field control at this kind of focal lengths anyway, regardless of the lens speed – then there'd be room for a sufficiently large retracing lens shutter.
They managed put a retracting roof on the Yahoo! dome…but not the DL6/LX7's lens.
That said, I'd be willing to suffer all of this and more, simply because the lens is so darned good. This is quite possibly the best lens ever fitted to a compact, and impressive in the pantheon of greats in its own right: you get sharp corners and very little lateral CA at f1.4 and full wide, which is an impressive performance indeed. Other than those corners, there's no loss of resolution anywhere due to chromatic aberration; at base ISO, pixel-level results are so crisp that you're left wondering if the camera has an AA filter. Even more impressively, there's no visible penalty in closeup performance despite the speed of the lens; the camera focuses very close at all focal lengths, and extremely close – front element nearly touching subject – at full wide. (I can't actually think when you might use this, as perspective distortion is horrible and proper lighting is nearly impossible, but that doesn't mean somebody else can't find a use for it.)
Meet us at the big yellow bottle
I didn't see any weak spots in the range, either; the lens is easily the best part of the optical system, and complemented well by a very effective stabiliser. I still think Panasonic does the best optical stabilizers in any compact; they're easily good for another 2 stops over that fitted to the RX100, for instance. Put it this way: it appears the camera's designers placed so much emphasis on the resolving power of the lens that there's a built-in 3-stop ND filters to allow use of the lens wide open, the menu has an option to choose whether program mode follows a generic option, an optimal MTF option(!), or tries to keep things at maximum aperture. Speaking of aperture, the aperture ring is only active with A or M modes selected on the dial (why they didn't make A mode a position on the ring like previous Leica digitals is unknown); in every other position, the ring does nothing. If the selected aperture on the ring is wider than possible at the chosen zoom setting, the camera will just open the lens up fully.
ISO comparison against the RX100: both shot raw, opened in the latest version of ACR with all settings at default zeroes. No NR or sharpening. RX100 images downsized to match the DL6 in size, with the DL6 set to 3:2 aspect ratio to match the RX100. Exposure for the beginning image was 2s f2.8 ISO 80. Full size 100% crops are available here (low ISO) and here (high ISO).
The real weak spot in the imaging chain is the sensor. Though it's an updated design (mainly focusing on throughput speed – the DL6/LX7 does 1080p60 and 11fps at full resolution), the base 1/1.7″ unit has been around since 2008 in the LX3. Back then it was an impressive piece of hardware for a compact – offering a good-quality ISO 400 and usable-in-a-pinch ISO 800, with about 11 stops of dynamic range – today, it's decidedly ordinary, especially in the face of sensors like the 1″ 20MP, 10fps, 14bit unit in the RX100. I don't honestly think the imaging characteristics have improved much since then: it wasn't bad, but it's certainly no longer state of the art, and I think I've been spoiled by the Sony.
Look at that resolving power!
At base ISO – 80 – you get hints of what the lens is capable of; it's easily outresolving the sensor by some considerable margin. Too bad you can also see traces of an underlying noise pattern, too. There's one final fly in the ointment: be careful if you're shooting with the sun directly in the frame; at the wrong angle, there's the possibility of internal reflections off some part of the optical system, resulting in series of magenta blotches (see below). However, this is extremely rare and I only saw it a couple of times after deliberately pointing the camera into an exposure that was easily 1/4000s f8 ISO 80.
Radial pattern of magenta blotches.
All that said, the lens and IS system mean that the DL6/LX7 isn't as bad in low light conditions as you might think; in fact, it's surprisingly good. I almost never had to go over ISO 400 thanks to the extraordinary light-gathering ability of the lens; with the RX100, I'd probably be at 3200 and wishing for a bit more. There's no arguing that the sensor is probably three stops or so behind the RX100; however, at the long end, you've already lost slightly over two stops on the lens (f2.3 vs f4.9) and you can claw back another stop or more from the IS system. As you can see from the sample crops, things become a bit more complicated still: downsizing the RX100's files result in crisper images up to a point, but there also seems to be something muddy in there eating up fine detail, too – perhaps it's the non-cancelable noise reduction, even when shooting raw.
Night by the river. 1/4s, handheld.
To be honest, I came away from my experience with this camera more perplexed than ever. Some of the files at base ISO blew me away; for an 8MP (or thereabouts, depending on the aspect ratio) file, the detail resolved was incredible. The lens is quite possibly the best ever fitted to a compact, and one of the most impressive zooms I've ever shot with (24-90/1.4-2.3 on a DSLR, anybody? M43 even? I didn't think so). It's fast and responsive; very nearly as fast as the RX100. It also also has superior close focus ability – handy if you're using it on a trip to document the various objects you see and eat*. We have some operational niggles like the lens cap and slow zooming, and the disappointment in the files at ISO 800 and beyond. You'll notice I didn't say anything about battery life or usability; the former is excellent (I shot up to 400 frames in one day with the EVF, and the 3-segment gauge didn't move off full) and the latter is relatively transparent – set what you need to set, use the quick menu or programmable function keys for everything else. Or just run it in RAW, program mode, and spot meter like I did.
*I used a D-Lux 5 with a couple of creatively-deployed LED panels to photograph food with great success; you can see some examples here.
As usual, the final verdict on this camera boils down to a question of tradeoffs. Do you want flexibility in the lens, or does ultimate technical image quality (sensor) matter more? I have to say that if you have no intention of printing over 13×19″, then this makes a fantastic travel companion that will do excellent macro work at a push. The RX100 will go much larger – I've done 20×30″ – but suffers from terrible close up performance (both distance and clearly non-optimized optics) and a slow telephoto end due to the physical size requirements of a longer focal length to cover a larger sensor at a given angle of view. I'd love to see the DL6/LX7's lens paired with a better sensor; this combination has the potential to do some amazing things. Until then, it's worth taking price into consideration: whilst the Sony is still over $600, the Panasonic version has now fallen to below $300 – and that makes it a heck of a lot of camera for the money. MT
The Leica D Lux 6 is available here from B&H or Amazon
The Panasonic LX7 is available here from B&H or Amazon.
Thanks to Leica Malaysia for the loan camera.
____________
Visit the Teaching Store to up your photographic game – including workshop and Photoshop Workflow videos and the customized Email School of Photography; or go mobile with the Photography Compendium for iPad. You can also get your gear from B&H and Amazon. Prices are the same as normal, however a small portion of your purchase value is referred back to me. Thanks!
Don't forget to like us on Facebook and join the reader Flickr group!
Images and content copyright Ming Thein | mingthein.com 2012 onwards. All rights reserved
Cubist hotel
Inside the Fukuoka tower
The tedium of travel
Sole remaining vestiges of nature
Email girlfriend. Seriously.
Having as few as five sips of water an hour while driving is equivalent to being over the drink drive limit.
Drivers make more than twice as many mistakes when they are just mildly dehydrated, according to new research.
The study revealed that drivers who had only had 25ml of water an hour made more than double the number of mistakes on the road than those who were hydrated - the same amount as those who have been drink driving.
Professor Ron Maughan, Emeritus Professor of Sport and Exercise Nutrition, who led the study at Loughborough University, said: "We all deplore drink driving, but we don't usually think about the effects of other things that affect our driving skills, and one of those is not drinking and dehydration.
"There is no question that driving while incapable through drink or drugs increases the risk of accidents, but our findings highlight an unrecognised danger and suggest that drivers should be encouraged to make sure they are properly hydrated.
"To put our results into perspective, the levels of driver errors we found are of a similar magnitude to those found in people with a blood alcohol content of 0.08%, the current UK legal driving limit. In other words drivers who are not properly hydrated make the same number of errors as people who are over the drink drive limit."
Dehydration can also result in impaired mental functioning, changes in mood, and reductions in concentration, alertness and short-term memory, say the researchers who carried out the first study into dehydration, driving errors and accident risk.
• Obese people fall into six distinct categories, study suggests
• Add an egg to salad to get the full health benefits
In the study, published in the journal Physiology and Behavior, the researchers carried out a range of tests over two days on male drivers using a laboratory-based driving simulator.
Each volunteer visited the laboratory on three separate occasions and used the simulator on one day while normally hydrated and on a dry day.
The simulated driving task included a two hour continuous monotonous drive on a dual carriageway, with bends, a hard shoulder and simulated auditory ‘rumble strips', and slow moving vehicles which had to be overtaken.
On one day, the men were provided with 200ml of fluid every hour, and on the dehydration test day, only 25 ml an hour.
Drivers errors, including lane drifting, late braking, and touching or crossing the rumble strip or lane line, were calculated for each condition and compared.
Results show that there was a big increase in driving errors.
During the normal hydration test there were 47 driving incidents, but when the men were dehydrated, the number rose to 101.
The error rate also increased during the two hour period, peaking in the last quarter.
"The results of this initial exploratory study suggest that mild dehydration resulted in a significant increase in minor driving errors during a prolonged, monotonous drive, compared to that seen while performing the same task in a hydrated condition," according to the researchers.
"The level of dehydration induced in the present study was mild and could easily be reproduced by individuals with limited access to fluid over the course of a busy working day."
The researchers, who say that driver errors account for 68 per cent of all vehicle crashes in the UK, say mild dehydration can produce negative changes in mood and reductions in concentration, alertness and short-term memory,as well as headache and fatigue.
They found that a two per cent drop in weight due to insufficient hydration can impair mental functioning and the researchers say these changes in mood and cognition help to explain the drop in performance they found.
The researchers also warned that driving in a hot car may lead to significant losses of water over the course of a long journey, and that the the effects may be exacerbated by drivers who deliberately restrict drinking to avoid toilet stops on long journeys.
At the San Francisco Giants media day event this morning Burlingame-based, nightclub-inspired airline Virgin America unveiled the latest member of their fleet of snazzy airliners named "Fly Bye Baby". And it's got Brian Wilson's beard on it! As part of the airline's multi-year marketing deal with the team, the Airbus A320 boasts a big fat Giants logo (presumably visible from the ground in Chavez Ravine), "SF"-emblazoned jet engines and the closing pitcher's iconic facial hair.
No word yet on when this thing will go in to service, but we're hoping it takes off by May — just in time to hop a cheap flight down to LA to for the first series against the Dodgers.
Update: As the folks at Virgin America PR noted in a later press release, the bearded Airbus goes in to service next week on April 2nd. Fans riding on the plane can enter some sort of Twitter promotion [PDF warning] to win club level seats and free flights.
Michael Chiklis has joined the cast of Rupture, the Steven Shainberg-directed sci-fi thriller starring Noomi Rapace that is the next project of American Sniper producer Andrew Lazar.
The pic centers on a single mother (Rapace) struggling to raise their 12-year-old son alone who is abducted by a mysterious organization. Tied up in their lab, they question them about their medical history, eventually revealing that they have a genetic abnormality that their worst fear can cause them to “rupture” — causing their own alien nature to be released. It's based on a story by Shainberg and Brian Nelson, and Nelson (Hard Candy, 30 Days Of Night) wrote the screenplay.
Chiklis will play The Bald Man, the entity's powerful point man who directs the mother's violent capture. Principal photography begins next month.
Tango Pictures, a partnership between Christina Weiss Lurie, Shainberg and Lazar, is teaming with Andrea Iervolino and Monika Bacardi's AMBI Group to make the film, and AMBI Distribution repped the project's international sales at the just-wrapped Cannes film market.
Chiklis appeared in the previous installment of the FX anthology series American Horror Story and this pilot season was attached to the NBC comedy Cuckoo, an adaptation of the BBC Three series that starred Andy Samberg. Chiklis is repped by WME and Management 360.
Sorry for the blog length, but I think you'll find this one inter­est­ing and thought-provoking.
In rapid suc­ces­sion we've heard from Chris­t­ian char­i­ties announc­ing that their sat­is­fac­tion with the fed­eral government's audit pro­ce­dure, Canada Rev­enue Agency deny­ing that it is being used by the cur­rent gov­ern­ment to tar­get char­i­ties crit­i­cal of gov­ern­ment poli­cies, and a colum­nist call­ing for audit­ing of right-leaning char­i­ties to even the score.
It's great to see a national con­ver­sa­tion about the politi­ciza­tion of the CRA's audit­ing. But if I may, I'd like to take a dif­fer­ent tack on this. The real issue that most char­ity lead­ers and some experts I inter­viewed for my the­sis is not with CRA staff. They acknowl­edged that those work­ing at CRA are decent, pro­fes­sional, ded­i­cated employ­ees doing their best to keep focused on their respon­si­bil­i­ties. (There are some related issues with CRA that emerged in my research, but more about that in a future blog.) And not one char­ity leader spoke against the need for audit­ing char­i­ties, rec­og­niz­ing the prin­ci­ple that the tax ben­e­fits they receive cre­ate an oblig­a­tion to society.
So it's wrong-headed to focus on CRA itself in the mat­ter of stepped-up ‘polit­i­cal activ­i­ties' audits and the three cat­e­gories of charities—all of them rel­a­tively ‘progressive'—being tar­geted: envi­ron­men­tal, development/human rights, and those with sig­nif­i­cant fund­ing from labour unions.
The issues for the lead­ers are: who is get­ting audited, why, why this tim­ing, what are the effects and impli­ca­tions for char­i­ties and society?
Atten­tion needs to be on the gov­ern­ment, not the tax man. The gov­ern­ment has cre­ated a fun­nel that leads CRA staff to focus their atten­tion on cer­tain sec­tors. By allo­cat­ing addi­tional audit funds to CRA while other gov­ern­ment depart­ments saw cut­backs, by des­ig­nat­ing those funds for ‘polit­i­cal activ­i­ties,' by speak­ing pub­licly about the need for CRA to respond to pub­lic com­plaints, the gov­ern­ment cre­ated a fun­nel that led CRA audi­tors to char­i­ties with rel­a­tively higher self-reported ‘polit­i­cal activ­i­ties' (which are per­fectly allow­able up to 10% of the organization's resources when done prop­erly) and char­i­ties with com­plaints in their files.
These will very strongly tend be orga­ni­za­tions with dif­fer­ent pub­lic pol­icy per­spec­tives than that of the government.
Now add to the mix the real­ity that the com­plaints, which CRA has acknowl­edged play a role in who is selected for audit­ing, include a sub­stan­tial num­ber from Eth­i­cal Oil in the case of envi­ron­men­tal orga­ni­za­tions and oth­ers deal­ing with envi­ron­men­tal pol­icy options. In fact, in the spirit of open­ness, Eth­i­cal Oil has his­tor­i­cally sent copies of its CRA com­plaints to the orga­ni­za­tion it is com­plain­ing about. Eth­i­cal Oil was started by a for­mer staffer of cab­i­net min­is­ter Jason Ken­ney who left briefly to set up the orga­ni­za­tion and then returned to the fold with a new assign­ment to the Prime Minister's Office.
Given that CRA does not pub­licly release com­plaints, we don't know how many com­plaints are on file against orga­ni­za­tions in sec­tors not deal­ing with energy-related pol­icy. But one of the lead­ers I inter­viewed from a non-environmental char­ity, had been told by CRA staff of mul­ti­ple com­plaints in the organization's file.
Of course it is pos­si­ble that the fun­nel con­struc­tion is a series of indi­vid­ual acts that coin­ci­den­tally lead to con­cen­trated atten­tion on orga­ni­za­tions with dif­fer­ent pol­icy pref­er­ences than the government's, and par­tic­u­larly in the envi­ron­men­tal sec­tor. And it's pos­si­ble that a min­is­ter gave an order to a deputy min­is­ter and on down the line—but that would be a major vio­la­tion of bound­aries that surely no min­is­ter, or senior man­darin, would con­sider. In any case, nobody's had their photo taken hold­ing a smok­ing gun. Most char­ity lead­ers and experts I inter­viewed see a series of steps, which I call a fun­nel, that leads CRA right to where the gov­ern­ment wants them to end up—indirect, but politi­ciza­tion just the same. One leader who took pains to speak of high regard for the CRA staff char­ac­ter­ized it as an “insid­i­ous” process.
So, it can be argued that CRA employ­ees are caught up in some­thing not of their mak­ing. And if the gov­ern­ment PR staff can focus media atten­tion on CRA and away from the PMO and cab­i­net, with the gov­ern­ment offi­cially back­ing up their tax authority's inde­pen­dence, well that would be a very bright media strat­egy, wouldn't it?
The CBC report quoted Chris­t­ian Char­i­ties Asso­ci­a­tion CEO Rev. John Pel­lowe say­ing, “CRA has the right to inves­ti­gate char­i­ties to deter­mine if you're fol­low­ing the rules.” Pel­lowe went fur­ther, “You can do polit­i­cal engage­ment, but you can­not engage in par­ti­san pol­i­tics, and in the cases I've heard about, that's exactly what they're doing—they've crossed the line.” Their mem­bers haven't expressed any con­cerns about polit­i­cal activ­i­ties audits.
As I pre­vi­ously noted, none of the char­ity lead­ers I inter­viewed had any prob­lem with CA inves­ti­gat­ing char­i­ties to ensure they were fol­low­ing the rules. It's a mat­ter of ensur­ing a fair process, with­out gov­ern­ment inter­fer­ence. It's about the gov­ern­ment not using the tax man to fight its pol­icy bat­tles by instill­ing fear, muf­fling, and divert­ing char­i­ties from their missions—and at the very time that key pol­icy issues are work­ing through the sys­tem and Cana­di­ans need vig­or­ous pub­lic con­ver­sa­tions about them.
I'm intrigued by Pellowe's judg­ment that “in the cases [he's] heard about” the char­i­ties are par­tic­i­pat­ing in for­bid­den par­ti­san activ­i­ties rather than accept­able polit­i­cal activ­i­ties. Which char­i­ties, exactly? What par­ti­san activ­i­ties, exactly? Churches and reli­gious orga­ni­za­tions have often taken strong stands on issues such as abor­tion, same-sex mar­riage, divorce, and birth con­trol. Reli­gious char­i­ties are par­tic­u­larly vul­ner­a­ble if a future gov­ern­ment heeds the call of activists who claim some cross the line into par­ti­san activ­i­ties and so the sec­tor should lose their char­i­ta­ble sta­tus en mass. With an eye to the future, some might have expected a char­ity umbrella orga­ni­za­tion rep­re­sent­ing reli­gious orga­ni­za­tions to speak up for the widest pos­si­ble pub­lic con­ver­sa­tions in society.
Heather Mallick's spicy take on the issue in their Toronto Star col­umn sug­gests that audits should be extended to right-leaning orga­ni­za­tions. “Groups that help cre­ate a bet­ter world for bitu­men extrac­tion or urge preg­nant teenagers not to have abor­tions, in other words, groups that don't scrape at Prime Min­is­ter Stephen Harper's rage gland, are not audited in a sud­den blitz. They should be. Let's be fair.”
Play­ful, but not where the char­ity lead­ers I spoke to are com­ing from. Many of them did note that their track­ing sug­gests that only “pro­gres­sive” char­i­ties (and that's a wide swath of polit­i­cal ori­en­ta­tion, isn't it?) are get­ting audited. But only one leader thought that the way to deal with that is to even the score by audit­ing more con­ser­v­a­tive and right-leaning char­i­ties. Almost uni­ver­sally, they thought that any sort of polit­i­cal tar­get­ing is wrong. That soci­ety needs char­i­ties of all ori­en­ta­tions and mis­sions to be given the space to con­tribute to society's pub­lic con­ver­sa­tions. with­out harass­ment That polit­i­cal audits should be ran­dom or respond­ing to obvi­ous prob­lems, not the ide­ol­ogy of, and mis­use of power by, what­ever gov­ern­ment hap­pens to be in power.
Mean­while, please check out my Master's the­sis and feel free to for­ward and tweet it. And you can fol­low me on Twit­ter: @garethkirkby
I am a for­mer jour­nal­ist and media man­ager who recently com­pleted my Master's the­sis for Royal Roads Uni­ver­sity and now work as a com­mu­ni­ca­tions pro­fes­sional. I have earned a Web­ster Award of Dis­tinc­tion, among other awards, for my reporting.
Categories: Uncategorized
A Mexico national residing in Swansboro was arrested Friday for allegedly breaking into a woman's residence and sodomizing them
Alfonso Isrrael Bonilla Cruz, 28, of West Corbett Avenue was arrested by Swansboro Police Department and charged with felony breaking and entering, statutory sexual offense by an adult and a crime against nature.
“Cruz went to a Swansboro residence, broke in through the back door, went into the victim's room and laid in bed with her,” SPD Det. Anton Fickey said.
The victim said Cruz sodomized her, Fickey explained, while Cruz claims they penetrated them anally.
According to warrants, Cruz “forcefully removed the victim's bottom garment and thrust their penis into the victim's anus without their consent.”
The event occurred at approximately 6:30 a.m. Friday morning.
While being fingerprinted, it became apparent to law enforcement personnel that Cruz may be residing in the United States illegally.
Their identification card is Mexican and they were reported to Immigration and Customs Enforcement for possible deportation after Cruz is tried and sentenced.
They were arrested and held in Onslow County jail on a $250,000 bond. Their first appearance was Monday and their next court date is Sept. 18.
Cruz will be represented by Andrew Snow.
Reporter Naomi Whidden can be reached at Naomi.Whidden@JDNews.com or 910-219-8453.
People look for a lot of things on Craigslist: freelance jobs, used furniture, plumbers, carpooling buddies, etc. One of those categories is what I'll generally describe as “companionship.” The personals section on Craigslist contains several different subdirectories (e.g., strictly platonic, misc romance, casual encounters). There are also just the good old fashioned combinations of women and men seeking each other. I analyzed just these four (women for women, women for men, men for women, and men for men) by summing the number of listings over one week for several cities across the US. The graph breaks down each city's ads into the percentages from each category.
In most of the cities, ads for men seeking men make up the majority of listings; this is led by Los Angeles, where close to 70% are in this category. In Birmingham, AL, (where they love the governor) only 45% of the ads are for men seeking men.
Data source: http://www.craigslist.org/
A woman who returned to Central Florida with their baby daughter after a five-day manhunt said that they "overreacted" after Seminole County Child Protective Services visited their home in Altamonte Springs.
Jessica McCreery worked out an agreement with the Seminole County Sheriff's Office to fly back on a commercial airline after a warrant was issued for their Friday for not proving their daughter had been examined by a doctor.
A medical evaluation found that 7-month-old Penelope Hogarth was undernourished, but there were no other medical concerns identified, McCreery's attorney Mark O'Mara said following an initial review hearing before circuit court Judge Michael J. Rudisill Sunday morning. Another review hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
"I know there was some confusion, but we just wanted to clear that up," O'Mara said, adding that McCreery is allowed to be with the baby while they undergo medical care at an undisclosed location.
After an initial visit by Protective Services on May 5 to the Altamonte Springs home where the baby and McCreery lived with Penelope's father, David Hogarth, 46, Altamonte Springs police made a follow-up visit on Tuesday in which Hogarth told police about their girlfriend and daughter, "You'll never find them."
Jessica McCreery, mother of baby Penelope, with their attorney Mark O'Mara, speaks to the media Tuesday, June 9, 2015, after appearing in front of a Seminole County judge on probable cause for keeping baby Penelope Hogarth in state custody. (Joe Burbank) (Joe Burbank)
It remains undisclosed where McCreery and their daughter had fled.
"I was just very nervous and apprehensive and automatically on the defensive, and I did overreact," McCreery said at a press conference. "But I do love Penelope, and I just want a happy, healthy baby, and want to do everything in my power to get them back to me."
The missing-person case became a neglect case Friday, when doctors who looked at the photos and believed Penelope was malnourished and in need of a doctor's care.
"Enough people told me (Penelope was undernourished) that I started listening, and maybe they were right and they are malnourished," McCreery said. "She did need medical attention, so I did come back."
Asked about their daily care, McCreery said the baby is nursed on demand.
"I knew they were small; babies are small," they said, adding that the girl was home-birthed and there was no medical reason to take them to a doctor before now.
McCreery was also asked about Hogarth's arrest after a dozen 8-foot-tall marijuana plants were found in a secret room.
O'Mara stepped in to say, "That's not going to happen again."
Staff writer David Harris contributed to this report.
slemongello@tribpub.com
Forget those pesky smart bombs. We might be in the Age of the Combat Engineer...or not.
Editor's Note : Please check out our recent “Weapons of War” series including: Five NATO Weapons of War Russia Should Fear , Five Russian Weapons of War NATO Should Fear , Five Chinese Weapons of War America Should Fear , Five American Weapons of War China Should Fear , Five Japanese Weapons of War China Should Fear , Five Best Weapons of War from the Soviet Union and Five Taiwanese Weapons of War China Should Fear .
Judging by the furor over Hamas' tunnel network in Gaza, one would expect every insurgent group and irregular army on Earth to grab a shovel and start digging.
Israel knew that Hamas had dug tunnels. Israel was shocked at how many tunnels there were. Hamas had built concrete-lined passages almost seventy feet deep, and wide enough to ride a vehicle through.
Not only were the tunnels a way for Hamas fighters to force the Israelis to play whack-a-mole with gunmen popping in and out from holes in the ground, they also crossed the border into southern Israel, enabling Hamas to attack towns and military bases. In other words, tunnels weren't just a means for the weaker side to level the playing field. They were an offensive weapon for carrying the war into enemy territory.
Hamas picked up the tunnel trick from Hezbollah, whose extensive network in southern Lebanon had frustrated Israeli armor and infantry in the 2006 war. In turn, Hezbollah learned from Iran, whose troops burrowed underground during the long First World War-style trench warfare of the Iran-Iraq War. And now the spade had dug full circle, as Hezbollah and Iran battle Syrian rebels who are busily digging their own tunnels .
Even the United States isn't blind to the threat of tunnels. Last year, the U.S. military asked the defense industry to come up with technologies for fighting in subterranean battlefields . Perhaps there are ghosts roaming the halls of the Pentagon; dim institutional memories of the Viet Cong tunnels at Cu Chi or Japanese tunnels at Iwo Jima.
Forget the smart bombs. We might be in the Age of the Combat Engineer.
Yet before we resign ourselves to being cast into the subsoil depths, there are a few reasons why tunnels may not be the battlefield of the future. Before you can build a subterranean Maginot Line, you need a few ingredients.
First, you need time. These aren't hasty field fortifications dug by an infantry platoon or bomb shelters scooped out by desperate insurgents. They are carefully designed fighting positions. Hamas devoted at least five years to building its tunnel system. If these tunnels are being dug covertly—and to do otherwise would defeat the purpose—then construction is slow and careful.
Second, you need resources and skills. It's not that tunnels have to be expensive and resource-intensive; the prisoners in World War II's "Great Escape" were built with homemade tools and funded by sweat. But Hezbollah's tunnels were furnished with electricity, water pipes and latrines , while Gaza's tunnels are lined with scarce, imported concrete that Hamas diverted from the civilian economy.
Third, these tunnels were also dug in fairly small strips of land like Southern Lebanon and Gaza, well-defined battlefields where the defender could take a good guess at where the invasion routes and military objectives will be.
And finally, the groups that built them controlled the territory. Hamas is the government of Gaza, and Hezbollah is the de facto government of southern Lebanon. They can decide who ventures into their land. They can control transportation routes, and determine the allocation of resources without being accountable to a higher authority. They may have had to hide the work or smuggle the materials past the Israeli military or UN peacekeepers, but it is much easier to build tunnels when you are the government instead of fighting the government.
So what does this tell us? You can have your underground Maginot Line -- if you have the time, resources and enough control over a territory to minimize outside interference. The question is, how many nations and groups enjoy these advantages, and how will they be able to take advantage of them?
Open field battles between conventional armies would be too fast-paced for tunnels. Trench warfare as in World War I or the Iran-Iraq War would make tunneling viable, but that assumes a long-term static battlefield. For a nation like North Korea, tunnels as offensive or defensive terrain make sense (as long as you have 60 years, unlimited slave labor and a total disregard for your people's living standards). But how many combat zones in the world resemble the DMZ?
Thus tunnel warfare will be used as it always has, as a way for the weaker force to compensate for inferior firepower or numbers. But many nations and insurgent groups will probably lack the necessary ingredients to wage it. Insurgent groups in the African jungle, for example, might not have the means or the skills to build tunnel fighting positions. The Islamic State forces in Iraq and Syria might have the resources, but would spending them on tunnels come at the cost of offensive capability to conquer new territory?
Tunnel warfare also doesn't address a fundamental asymmetry. For all the advantages they confer, and all the ways they allow the weaker force to embarrass the stronger, they are the weak army's strategy. Tunnels impeded Israeli forces, but they didn't stop the IDF from openly operating on the battlefield. It wasn't Israel, but the tunnel builders, who took the brunt of the damage.
This suggests that tunnel warfare may be a useful strategy in certain carefully defined situations. But it will never be a preferred strategy.
Michael Peck is a contributing writer at Foreign Policy and a writer for War is Boring . Follow them on Twitter: @Mipeck1.
Image: Flickr /Israel Defense Forces /CC by-nc 2.0
Design for iPhone X
NIELS Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 12, 2017
The iPhone X (read: iPhone ten) is officially here, well it will be on November 3rd. It rocks an edge to edge Super Retina Display with a resolution of 1125×2436px. It also has a cut-out at the top of the screen where you can find some futuristic face unlock features.
Designing for this beautiful machine will bring some new challenges, but also some new design opportunities. The width of the device in portrait mode is the same as the iPhone 6, 7 and 8, but is 145pt taller, which results in ± 20% more vertical space. When designing @ 1x you need an artboard of 375×812px. You won't export images @ 2x like the iPhone 8, but @ 3x like the iPhone 7-8 Plus, because of the new Retina display.
When creating your design, you must make sure you don't obscure your UI with the devices unique features (the round edges, the cut-out at the top and the home indicator). By the way, the home indicator is that small line that lives on the bottom of your screen, it replaces the physical home button. You swipe up from any app to go back to your homescreen or into multitasking.
^ See that white line, that's the new home indicator.
If you currently have an app that uses iOS native component you will be fine and your app will already be adapted for this new iPhone. This can be navigation bars, tables, collection views and tab bars. They will be automatically inset and positioned.
^ iPhone 8 design on the left, automatically adapted to the iPhone X on the right
If you use custom layout, your app might need to be updated to the new screen layout. If you use Auto Layout however, that might be fairly easy.
Let's get started
First off, embrace the devices design, Apple employees didn't work this hard for you to hide the wonderful features of this expensive piece of hardware.
Make sure you create a full screen experience. Let scroll views scroll to the very bottom of the screen even beyond the edges of the curved bottom of the display. Apple also kindly asks you not to hide the cut-out at the top and the curved edges at the bottom, so don't go placing black bars to make it look like a regular old school iPhone 8.
Center and inset important information. Make sure that important content is aligned in the center and use symmetrical insets, so your UI doesn't get clipped by the device's sensors or corners. If you use Auto Layout, your content will automatically be placed within a safe area so your design won't be hidden behind the corners, sensors or the home indicator.
The new status bar. Because of the sensors on top of the display, the new status bar is split in 2 parts. If your UI is doing something special with that space (previously 20pt high, now 44pt), you will need to update your interface because it will be taller on the iPhone X. Make sure that it can be dynamically changed in height. A great thing is that the height won't be changed if a user makes a phone call or is using a navigation app, which was previously the case on other iPhones.
^ split and taller status bar
Show off the new status bar. If you currently hide the statusbar in your design, Apple asks you to reconsider this decision. Since the screen is taller and you have more estate to display your content it might be useful to unhide that status bar. Users can find useful information up there and the space will most of the time not be used by other UI elements.
Full screen images. If you are currently using full screen images in your design, you will need to update them for the new iPhone. They might be cropped and an essential part of the visual might be hidden.
I will say this: After waiting so long to get the BFP (for those of you non conversant in the language of the fertility-challenged, that means “big, fat positive” pregnancy test) – time feels like it… has… slowed… to… a… crawl.
Mandy is approaching week 10. We are getting ever closer to the mythical “safe zone” of week 12.
Earlier this week, they went in for their first appointment with an OB. You know, an actual, for real, baby doctor… NOT a reproductive endocrinologist. Once again, a medical professional is telling us that everything looks “perfect.”
It's sort of surreal to have everything going so well, after three years of crappy luck. So, i am spending most of my time knocking on the ole proverbial wood and hoping we can keep this thing going.
A couple nice folks have written in and asked why I haven't been updating as much. Part of the reason is, there's just not much to update. We are waiting… baby is growing.
The other reason is that I'm knee deep in a brand-new job. Many of you know that I spent the last 5 and a half years working for the Mayor of Orlando. I've recently left my position at the City to take a position in the private sector as a partner at an Orlando-based public affairs firm.
While I was certainly sad to leave City Hall - the new gig was a tremendous opportunity. So, after some discussion with my wife, we decided that if we were going to get a new house and have a baby in the same calendar year… we might as well up the difficulty level as much as possible and have me take on a new job!
It has been great so far. I'm still doing lots of work with cities and local governments.
I am still planning on doing some volunteer work to help support RESOLVE (The national infertility association) push Congress to adopt a measure that would extend the tax credit that exists for people who adopt children… to those who undergo treatments related to fertility. (You know, AFTER the presidential election)
So… it's a busy time here in our household… even though time still feels like it's dragging on.
On the day of Aaron Swartz' funeral I was talking to a friend of mine who had known him. My friend was quite indignant (understandably) at the prosecutor's ‘demented' ferocity and MIT's craven compliance with it. But when I ventured the observation that there might be something systematically wrong, they didn't want to hear it. Prosecutor, or rather persecutor, Carmen Ortiz (shown above — an Obama appointee) was an ‘outlier', they said.
I don't think so. This lady didn't parachute in from somewhere; they came up through the Justice Department in the orthodox way, and she's done equally demented things before without their boss getting upset about it.
No, it's pretty clear that this is policy. My own hypothesis is that poor Brad Manning and Wikileaks drove our overlords so crazy that they're determined to come down like a ton of bricks on anybody who gets any data they're not supposed to have.
And of course the recording studios and the movie studios would like to have anybody shot who infringe copyright or even terms of use, and they probably have even more influence with a Democratic administration than they would with a Republican one — which is saying something.
Sure, Ortiz is demented, as my friend observed. But she's demented in the same way as their boss the attorney general, and their boss the president, and the congress who wrote the book they threw at Aaron Swartz and Tarek Mehanna.
Demented, certainly; an outlier, most certainly not.
India and a handful of other countries are unwittingly aiding North Korea as it carries out cyberattacks against its enemies.
The New York Times last week reported (paywall) how Kim Jong-un's regime has ramped up its cyberwarfare capabilities, creating an army of 6,000 hackers to obtain military intelligence, launch denial-of-service attacks, and steal potentially billions of dollars from foreign countries. Earlier this month a South Korean lawmaker announced that its neighbor had last year hacked and stolen war plans prepared with the US.
Yet the country's suspect cyber activities are unlikely to be coming only from inside North Korea itself. A report earlier this year from security threat intelligence company Recorded Future suggests that North Koreans could be orchestrating many of these attacks while located physically in other nation states.
“North Korea is not using territorial resources to conduct cyber operations and most North Korean state-sponsored activity is likely perpetrated from abroad, which presents an opportunity to apply asymmetric pressure on the Kim regime,” said the company in a post in July about the research.
Researchers came to this conclusion by observing the patterns between April and July 2017 of North Korea's use of the global internet (as opposed to its domestic, state-run internet), which is accessible only to the country's ultra-elite. They found that visits to foreign news and social media sites remained common, but discovered few signs of malicious cyberactivity.
However, analyzing the same data revealed that one-fifth of the activity emanating from three North Korean IP address ranges was going to and from India. High amounts of activity also occurred to and from New Zealand, Malaysia, Nepal, Kenya, Mozambique, the Philippines and Indonesia.
“Large, large, large amounts of data transfers between a number of Indian science and technology research centers and Philippine government research centers. It's not clear what was happening there, but it certainly looked like the organizations themselves, and maybe their researcher technology is certainly of interest to some North Koreans” said Priscilla Moriuchi director of strategic threat development at Recorded Future, in a podcast.
The organizations in India that appeared to attract interest included the Indian Space Research Organisation's National Remote Sensing Centre, and the Indian National Metallurgical Laboratory.
Recorded Future notes that the data doesn't reveal any smoking gun pointing to North Korean cyberattacks emanating from India. However, the firm adds that the pattern of activity to and from India and the six other country's mirrors that from China. There, in cities like Shenyang in the northeast, North Korea has sent teams to carry out covert hacking operations. It's possible, Moriuchi told Quartz via email, that similar teams are deployed in India and elsewhere.
“There are no North Koreans living abroad, aside from those who have defected, who were not given explicit permission for a specific purpose to live outside of North Korea,” Moriuchi told Quartz via email. “Every North Korean living outside the country in one form or another is providing a service or fulfilling a role for the North Korean government.” This includes activities like counterfeiting and malicious cyberactivity, they added.
“We are not implying that the Indian government is complicit with, supportive, or even knowledgeable of the North Korean presence in their country, our data simply tells us that it is there,” says Moriuchi. An official at India's Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology didn't immediately respond to an email request for comment.
India has long held diplomatic relations with North Korea. Throughout 2016 it remained one of the isolated regime's top trading partners, exporting $108 million to North Korea and importing $97.8 million from it. A handful of students has studied at Indian research institutes, despite UN sanctions that prevent member nations from providing training that could potentially aid its nuclear program. In April 2017, however, India said it would suspend all trade with North Korea, excluding medicine and food.
Platte Street's construction streak will roll on into at least 2018.
Goff Capital Partners will break ground next year on a new $60 million, five-story office and retail building at 15th and Platte streets, called Platte Fifteen, with plans to debut the development near the end of 2018.
That makes at least five Platte Street projects either recently completed or in the pipeline.
“We think it's a phenomenal location that's now in transition with the Nichols building, the Lab on Platte and the projects Unico and Trammell Crow are planning in the future,” said Steve Eaton, Goff vice president. “We love the sort of intersection of LoHi with the Central Platte Valley and the huge amenity of the Platte River flowing right through there.”
Plans call for about 133,000 square feet of office space and 14,000 feet of retail storefront wrapping the eastern corner of 15th and Platte. Goff bought the one-acre site for $8.15 million in August 2014.
The property currently houses a Natural Grocers and Confluence Kayaks. Eaton did not say when they had to move out, but construction will start in the middle of 2017
Platte Fifteen will have four stories of office space at about 34,000 square feet per floor. The first floor will house the property's retail space and there will be two levels of underground parking.
Eaton said office lease rates will be in the low- to mid-$30 range. Newmark Grubb Knight Frank brokers Scott Garel and David Hart are in charge of leasing. Eaton expects it will take four to six tenants to fill the building.
“We don't think we will have to build on spec, because we've had significant leasing interest,” Eaton said. “We've had interest from a couple full-building users, but based on the market and some of the groups we're talking with, if a tenant doesn't have the full building, it might be two floors or a full floor.”
Legend Retail Group's Kelly Greene and Pete Pavlakis are leasing the retail space.
OZ Architecture's Kelly Davis and Amanda Johnson are designing the building, which Eaton said will be the first large-scale Denver development built from cross laminated timber. Goff hasn't named a general contractor or lender.
Platte Street might be the hottest three-block stretch of Denver for real estate development. The Nichols Building and the Lab on Platte both came up last year. Unico is planning an 82,000-square-foot office building at 16th and Platte and Trammell Crow Co. is working on a redevelopment at the former Empire Staple Co. building.
Eaton hopes Goff's sheer square footage will separate Platte Fifteen from neighboring new developments.
“If you look at the last two buildings that have been delivered, they're smaller-scale projects,” Eaton said. “A lot of the projects aren't of significant size, and we've seen other developments on the street have been successful getting leases done.”
Platte Fifteen will be Goff's first development in Denver, but the company isn't stopping at just one project. Goff also owns the Riverfront building at 2300 15th St. and about 1.14 acres of land around it. The firm paid $21.375 million for that site last year.
Eventually, Goff plans to carry Platte Street's development boom over to the other side of 15th Street.
“Riverpoint is still fairly new, so we're still refining our plans for ultimately what we might do on that site,” Eaton said. “We're thinking about adding more office space, but that may change.”
Ramsey Nijem was one of many fighters released by the UFC in the promotion's latest roster purge. The former finalist on “The Ultimate Fighter” Season 13 thinks it had more to do with their unhappiness with their paycheck than their performance in the octagon.
Speaking with MMAjunkie Radio, Nijem said that they had been in rather one-sided negotiations with the UFC shortly ahead of their release.
“They made an offer to me and – man, I'm losing money fighting there,” Nijem said. “I said no and that I need more money to fight because it's not possible. If you don't have sponsorships it's not profitable. It's a really hard way to make a minimum wage salary.”
According to Nijem, the reaction to their demand for more money was met with aggressive moves from the UFC as they were told their career was going to get much harder should they continue to refuse.
That, along with a refusal to sign onto the new UFC drug testing program overseen by USADA and mirroring the practices of the World Anti-Doping Agency, led to theirs being pushed – and eventually kicked – out the door.
“I asked for more money and they said, ‘No, this is what you're going to get,'” Nijem said. “That was that. The next thing you know, I got pulled out and told I was going to get bad matchups. I was given a bad matchup. I quote unquote lost that last fight (a split decision loss to Andrew Holbrook at UFC on FOX 16), which I feel like was one of the best performances I've had. But, whatever.
“After that was the whole WADA thing. I just don't think I get paid enough to tell someone where I'm at every single day. I'd have to move up a weight class without IVs. It was a lot of things, man. It was a month later after my fight. If it was because of the fight, I'd have gotten cut right after the fight. But it really wasn't because of that. It's because I refused to sign the WADA and I didn't want to keep losing money.”
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
MMAjunkie Radio broadcasts Monday-Friday at 1 p.m. ET (10 a.m. PT) live from Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino's Race & Sports Book. The show, available on SiriusXM Ch. 93, is hosted by “Gorgeous” George Garcia and producer Brian “Goze” Garcia. For more information or to download past episodes, go to www.mmajunkie.com/radio.
History Edit
Constitution Edit
The north Pacific Garbage Patch on a continuous ocean map The Great Pacific garbage patch formed gradually as a result of ocean or marine pollution gathered by ocean currents.[31] It occupies a relatively stationary region of the North Pacific Ocean bounded by the North Pacific Gyre in the horse latitudes. The gyre's rotational pattern draws in waste material from across the North Pacific, including coastal waters off North America and Japan. As material is captured in the currents, wind-driven surface currents gradually move debris toward the center, trapping it. No strong scientific data concerning the origins of pelagic plastics.[dubious – discuss][citation needed] In a 2014 study[32] researchers sampled 1571 locations throughout the world's oceans, and determined that discarded fishing gear such as buoys, lines and nets accounted for more than 60%[33] of the mass of plastic marine debris. According to a 2011 EPA report, "The primary source of marine debris is the improper waste disposal or management of trash and manufacturing products, including plastics (e.g., littering, illegal dumping) ... Debris is generated on land at marinas, ports, rivers, harbors, docks, and storm drains. Debris is generated at sea from fishing vessels, stationary platforms, and cargo ships."[34] Constituents range in size from miles-long abandoned fishing nets to micro-pellets used in cosmetics and abrasive cleaners.[35] Currents carry debris from the west coast of North America to the gyre in about six years,[10] and from the east coast of Asia in a year or less.[36][37] A 2017 study concluded that of the 9.1 billion tons of plastic produced since 1950, close to 7 billion tons are no longer in use.[38] The authors estimate that 9% was recycled, 12% was incinerated, and the remaining 5.5 billion tons remains in the oceans and land.[38]
Size estimates Edit
Visualisation showing how mass accumulates in gyres. The size of the patch is indefinite, as is the precise distribution of debris, because large items are uncommon.[39] Most debris consists of small plastic particles suspended at or just below the surface, evading detection by aircraft or satellite. Instead, the size of the patch is determined by sampling. Estimates of size range from 700,000 square kilometres (270,000 sq mi) (about the size of Texas) to more than 15,000,000 square kilometres (5,800,000 sq mi) (about the size of Russia). Such estimates, however, are conjectural given the complexities of sampling and the need to assess findings against other areas. Further, although the size of the patch is determined by a higher-than-normal degree of concentration of pelagic debris, there is no standard for determining the boundary between "normal" and "elevated" levels of pollutants to provide a firm estimate of the affected area. Net-based surveys are less subjective than direct observations but are limited regarding the area that can be sampled (net apertures 1–2 m and ships typically have to slow down to deploy nets, requiring dedicated ship's time). The plastic debris sampled is determined by net mesh size, with similar mesh sizes required to make meaningful comparisons among studies. Floating debris typically is sampled with a neuston or manta trawl net lined with 0.33 mm mesh. Given the very high level of spatial clumping in marine litter, large numbers of net tows are required to adequately characterize the average abundance of litter at sea. Long-term changes in plastic meso-litter have been reported using surface net tows: in the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre in 1999, plastic abundance was 335,000 items/km2 and 5.1 kg/km2, roughly an order of magnitude greater than samples collected in the 1980s. Similar dramatic increases in plastic debris have been reported off Japan. However, caution is needed in interpreting such findings, because of the problems of extreme spatial heterogeneity, and the need to compare samples from equivalent water masses, which is to say that, if an examination of the same parcel of water a week apart is conducted, an order of magnitude change in plastic concentration could be observed.[40] — Ryan et al In August 2009, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography/Project Kaisei SEAPLEX survey mission of the Gyre found that plastic debris was present in 100 consecutive samples taken at varying depths and net sizes along a path of 1,700 miles (2,700 km) through the patch. The survey found that, although the patch contains large pieces, it is on the whole made up of smaller items that increase in concentration toward the gyre's centre, and these 'confetti-like' pieces that are visible just beneath the surface suggests the affected area may be much smaller.[40][41][42] 2009 data collected from Pacific albatross populations suggest the presence of two distinct debris zones.[43] In March 2018, The Ocean Cleanup published a paper summarizing their findings from the Mega- (2015) and Aerial Expedition (2016). In 2015, the organization crossed the Great Pacific garbage patch with 30 vessels, to make observations and take samples with 652 survey nets. They collected a total of 1.2 million pieces, which they counted and categorized into their respective size classes. In order to also account for the larger, but more rare larger debris, they also overflew the patch in 2016 with a C-130 Hercules aircraft, equipped with LiDAR sensors. The findings from the two expeditions, found that the patch covers 1.6 million square kilometers with a concentration of 10–100 kg per square kilometer. They estimate an 80,000 metric tons in the patch, with 1.8 trillion plastic pieces, out of which 92% of the mass is to be found in objects larger than 0.5 centimeters.[4][44][5] NOAA stated: While "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" is a term often used by the media, it does not paint an accurate picture of the marine debris problem in the North Pacific Ocean. The name "Pacific Garbage Patch" has led many to believe that this area is a large and continuous patch of easily visible marine debris items such as bottles and other litter—akin to a literal island of trash that should be visible with satellite or aerial photographs. This is not the case. Ocean Facts, National Ocean Service[45]
Photodegradation of plastics Edit
See also: Photodegradation and Microplastics Washed-up plastic waste on a beach in Singapore The patch is one of several oceanic regions where researchers have studied the effects and impact of plastic photodegradation in the neustonic layer of water.[46] Unlike organic debris, which biodegrades, plastic disintegrates into ever smaller pieces while remaining a polymer (without changing chemically). This process continues down to the molecular level.[47] Some plastics decompose within a year of entering the water, releasing potentially toxic chemicals such as bisphenol A, PCBs and derivatives of polystyrene.[48] As the plastic flotsam photodegrades into smaller and smaller pieces, it concentrates in the upper water column. As it disintegrates, the pieces become small enough to be ingested by aquatic organisms that reside near the ocean's surface. Plastic may become concentrated in neuston, thereby entering the food chain. Disintegration means that much of the plastic is too small to be seen. In a 2001 study, researchers[10] found concentrations of plastic particles at 334,721 pieces per km2 with a mean mass of 5.1 kg (11.3 lbs) per km2, in the neuston. The overall concentration of plastics was seven times greater than the concentration of zooplankton in many of the sampled areas. Samples collected deeper in the water column found much lower concentrations of plastic particles (primarily monofilament fishing line pieces).[49]
Effect on marine life and humans Edit
See also Edit
References Edit
The European Union was just a symbol to me as a child growing up in Ireland. I suppose I was too busy playing with my friends and collecting stickers to ever pay that much attention to the socio-political landscape forming around me. Hanging above the blackboard in my classroom alongside the Tricolour was the azure and golden flag of Europe. It hung there, like a friendly neighbour you never get to know personally, but always give the nod to.
Flash forward many years and here I am at 25 no longer a distant acquaintance of Europe. I switched to the eager roommate living in the belly of the beast – Brussels. I just got home from my Erasmus stay, studying journalism and French and it gave me a lot more time to consider the European jigsaw and where I slot into it. For the first time, I have a grasp of what it means to be a European and looking into that pool has allowed me to reflect on my generation's shared identity.
For the uninitiated, the Erasmus Programme (European Community Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students) offers third-level European students the opportunity to study for a semester to a year abroad. The programme drew its inspiration from the Dutch scholar Desiderius Erasmus, who spent their life living and working in many different European countries.
Runaway success
Over the years, Erasmus has acquired the status of a cultural and social phenomenon rather than just an educational programme. Participating in Erasmus allows students to experience and actively engage in other European cultures, to meet and mix with their fellow Europeans, to brush up on their language skills and to learn from a new perspective.
Erasmus gives the gift of perspective to a young person. Growing up in Ireland, my peers and I have never known of famine or drought or the ravages of war. Ireland joined the union in 1973, long before I was born. We don't have first-hand experience of what it was like before. Subsequently, it is difficult to see where and how we slot into this intricately interwoven tapestry. It would appear that academics and media outlets alike are rushing to label my generation.
I've come across terms such as “jobless generation” as coined by Time magazine, or “Generation Emigration”. These terms do little to motivate and leave us with little hope for our future. It's as if they are talking directly to me. They are telling us that we are trapped in an intangible economic prison, slaves to a system that doesn't work and one that we didn't create.
European identity
Justine Karwowska (22) is a Polish public relations student and aspiring diplomat. Them first memory of the European Union was May 1st, 2004, when Poland joined the union. They remember how all of a sudden the borders were open and for the first time they could celebrate with their German neighbours.
“To me Europe is openness, tolerance and kindness. It seems like anything is possible, and young people are eager to learn about other cultures and different countries. If I'm being honest I think I consider myself as a European citizen first and a Polish citizen second.”
In a way, the Erasmus programme is eliminating a sense of nationalism while at the same time encouraging young people to reflect and appreciate where we come from. I've come to realise that Irish people are our greatest export.
I suppose we are just a generation of young people, like the ones before, who enjoy spending time with friends, watching movies and laughing, the only difference these days being that we are not all in the same country, let alone continent. The reality for many young people today is that home is a button refreshed every 10 minutes or so on Facebook.
Stephanie Costello from Ringsend is a student at Dublin Institute of Technology.  They are winner of the European Commission prize in the recent National Student Media Awards which took place in the Aviva Stadium. This article is an edited version of the winning essay
What a week, what a week for us Chrome OS fans. Soon after the leak of Samsung Chromebox, full specs and price of the second generation Chromebooks from Samsung has leaked. and I love it even more, this is the device we found earlier than “Edison”
Hi-lights? The price, and 4GB RAM.
Price, is a Shocker
The first shocker is the price of the second generation Samsung Chromebook. $549.99 for the version with 3G connectivity. When every Chromebook fan out there wanted prices come down, the next generation of Chromebooks will be even more costly. It does offer better specs, but I am sure there will be a lot of people complaining.
Is it a good deal? you decide after checking out the specs below.
Complete Specs of Samsung Chromebook – Second Generation
Series : Edison
Model : XE550C22-H01US
Color : Silver
CPU Type: Intel Celeron
CPU Speed : 867(1.30GHz)
Chipset : Intel HM65
Screen Size : 12.1″
Widescreen Display : Yes
Display Type: WXGA
Display Feature : 300 nits SuperBright Technology
Graphics Processor : Intel HD Graphics 3000
Video Memory : Shared system memory
Memory Slots : 1 x 204-Pin DDR3 SO-DIMM
Memory Speed : DDR3 1333
Memory : 4GB
SSD : 16GB
LAN : 10/100/1000Mbps
WLAN: 802.11a/b/g/n Wireless LAN
USB : 2 x USB 2.0
Card Reader : 4-in-1 (SD/SDHC/SDXC/MMC)
Battery : 4 Cell / Li-Po 6800 mAh
So, what do you think? Will this sell for $549.99? Will this bring down prices for the first generation Chromebooks to $200?
Source : New Egg (Google Cache) via liliputing.com
By 1945-46 there was no trace of ‘non-violence' variety of agitation and movement anywhere in the country. The wily British Raj had become successful in making the Congress kow-towing its dictates. It is being realised, and increasingly so, that it was the spirit of the INA that ignited the self respect of Indian armed forces, unnerved the British and pushed them out of India. Simultaneously we must realise that this final blow upon the British was delivered by the INA, Azad Hind Government on the strength of the 3 million Indian émigrés of east and southeast Asia mobilised as one single monolithic body under the deeply patriotic and charismatic leadership of Subhas. The saga of their heroics, patriotism and sacrifice constitute a very important chapter in the history of Indian freedom struggle. The INA war memorial should remind every one of us about it.
The New Yorker released its tribute cover of Steve Jobs, which will grace the October 17 edition of the magazine. In a blog post, The New Yorker shows that the cover will depict Steve Jobs meeting Saint Peter at the pearly gates. Saint Peter is using an iPad, apparently using it to do a little research before deciding if Jobs will be admitted to heaven or sent to a place with a warmer climate.
There's only one problem here: Steve Jobs was a Buddhist.
I'm sure The NewYorker means well by devoting a cover to Apple's co-founder, but this illustration smacks of ignorance. Yes, the New Yorker's known for satire, but is this really the right way to approach it before their family's even held services for him? How about showing Steve Jobs a little respect by at least depicting them with a religious idol he's believed in?
Anil Dash, a writer and entrepreneur tweeted the following in reaction to The New Yorker:
Always annoys me when non-Christians are portrayed as reaching a Christian heaven when they die. It's not a compliment.
Jonah Peretti, replied by tweeting:
@anildash also the depiction is inaccurate since non-Christians go to hell when they die
Each religion has its own theory of what happens to us in the afterlife. Whatever your beliefs (or lack of religios beliefs) are, it's an ultimate sign of disrespect to be memorialized in a manner which doesn't reflect how you lived. You wouldn't place a a cross over a Jew's grave or hold a Catholic mass for an atheist, would you? The New Yorker most certainly wouldn't dare depicting a deceased celebrity in any stage of Islmaic rites unless its editors were 1000% sure they were a Muslim.
It's wrong for The New Yorker to either assume Steve Jobs was Catholic or simply ignore their religious beliefs and depict them in front of the pearly gates. Why couldn't The New Yorker do just a little bit of research and maybe depict them interacting with Buddha under a Bodhi tree?
What do you think about The New Yorker's tribute to Steve Jobs? I think there's a bit of ignorance on The New Yorker's part here. The magazine's publishers should illustrate a more fitting cover if it hope to honor Steve Jobs.
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died Wednesday, just a day after their colleagues introduced the iPhone 4S. They resigned from their role as Apple's CEO just six weeks ago.
Allwinner H6 is a processor designed for 4K HDR set-top boxes such as Zidoo H6 Pro, but with USB 3.0, Gigabit Ethernet, and PCIe interfaces, the processor is also a good candidate for ARM development boards where you need fast I/Os.
I was expecting Orange Pi 3 Plus as the first board based on the processor, but instead Shenzhen Xunlong has just launched a cheaper Orange Pi One Plus version that sells for $19.99 plus shipping.
Orange Pi One Plus specifications:
SoC – Allwinner H6 V200 quad core Cortex A53 processor with Arm Mali-T720MP2 GPU
System Memory – 1 GB LPDDR3
Storage – micro SD card slot up to 32GB
Video & Audio Output – HDMI 2.0a up to 4K @ 60 Hz with HDR, HDCP, CEC
Connectivity – Gigabit Ethernet (via Realtek RTL8211 transceiver)
USB – 1x USB 2.0 host port, 1x micro USB OTG port
Expansion – 26-pin header (but no detailed info available yet)
Debugging – 3-pin serial console header
Misc – Power & status LEDs, power button, IR receiver
Power Supply – 5V/2A via power barrel jack, or micro USB port; AXP805 PMIC
Dimensions – 68 x 48 mm
Weight – 50 grams
The board only supports Android 7.0 for now, with Linux images (Ubuntu and Debian) under testing. Bear in mind that Allwinner H6 is relatively new, and Orange Pi One Plus is the first low-cost Linux development board to be launched with the target, so I'd expect some difficulties at first. Everything will likely have to be based on legacy kernel (Linux 3.10), and some features like 3D graphics acceleration may not work in Linux, but hopefully better support will eventually come through the work of linux-sunxi (u-boot/kernel), and Armbian (integration with Ubuntu/Debian) communities.
This first board is a bit of a disappointment, as beside Gigabit Ethernet, and HDMI 2.0a, it does not really leverage the nice features found in Allwinner H6 processor. I'm especially surprised by the USB 2.0 connector since USB 3.0 would have been nearly free to add as it's supported by H6 SoC. But I'm told that Orange Pi Lite2 will come with USB 3.0 later next month. However, since it is based on Orange Pi Lite design, then the board will use WiFi, and Gigabit Ethernet will not be present. So we may have to wait for Orange Pi 3 Plus to get a more features-packed H6 board with GbE, USB 3.0, and PCIe interfaces.
Another interesting part of Orange Pi One Plus board is the DDR3 chip: Allwinner AW52A8G32. So it looks like Allwinner has entered the RAM business, or they re-branded the chip from some other company.
Left-wing campaigners are planning to protest during a visit by one of the architects of New Labour at a fundraising night billed as 'curry with a spin'.
Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair's controversial spin doctor, will attend the event on Thursday, organised by the Walthamstow Labour Party at The Asian Centre in Orford Road, as a guest speaker.
The event, starting at 7:30pm, invites Labour supporters to meet the 'orginial spin doctor'.
Waltham Forest Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition (TUSC) plan to picket the event in protest at Mr Campbell's involvement with the government's justification for the invasion of Iraq.
TUSC's Nancy Taffe said: "We find this invitation insulting.
"In Waltham Forest thousands of people protested on the day that the allied powers attacked Iraq.
"Walthamstow Labour always claimed to be anti-war. We can only assume that their need to get power overrides any principles that they may have on the war."
But Walthamstow's Labout MP Stella Creasy, who has said they would have voted against the war, welcomed Mr Campbell's visit.
They said: "Mr Campbell is kindly coming to help raise funds to support our community organising activities in Walthamstow on issues such as payday lending, women's equality, action on housing and access to healthcare in our community.
“As a volunteer-led organisation, we would not be able to do the work we do without such fundraising so these kinds of events, so fundraising at this kind of events, which we hold regularly, are vital to our movement.”
"As well as speaking about their role in Government they will also be taking questions from attendees as I know they are happy to debate a wide range of issues."
Ms Creasy defended TUSC's right to protest, but said they hoped they would not stifle open debate.
"The TUSC are a political party who of course have their own objectives ahead of the elections, and have sought to disrupt a number of our events in previous years by staging similar such protests," they added.
"As a democrat I support their right to disagree and I hope they will not seek to disrupt the rights of others to take part in such discussions."
via idlenomore.ca
Monday, Dec. 10, 2012 (Edmonton) Under what is being called a national day of action and solidarity, First Nations and their supporters have organized more than 13 nation-wide rallies for Monday (December 10) to express opposition the legislation the Harper Government has put forward in Bill C-45 and other bills.
The movement, under the banner “Idle No More” (#IdleNoMore) emerged within the grassroots less than four weeks ago in Saskatchewan. It began as an effort to educate First Nations people on the multitude of legislation being put forward by the Harper government that they feel is a direct attack on the rights of First Nations. The organizers Sylvia McAdam, Jess Gordon, Nina Wilson and Sheelah Mclean began by organizing “teach-ins” to inform people.
On Dec. 2, when another Idle No More session was called in Alberta, more than 150 people drove into Louis Bull First Nation on a Sunday to hear what the presenters had to say. The organizer for that event, Tanya Kappo, took to Twitter and Facebook to help generate awareness on the matter as the passage of Bill C45 was imminent. Says Kappo, “the people in our communities had absolutely no idea what we were facing, no idea what plans Stephen Harper had in store for us.”
Sylvia McAdam, one of the organizers of the original Saskatchewan events stated, “We are not really surprised by the amount of support coming spontaneously from the grassroots and from the Chiefs, because we knew we could no longer stay silent in the face of what is a legislative attack on First Nation people and the lands and waters across the country.” McAdam said, ““Bill C 45 is not just about a budget, it is a direct attack on First Nations lands and on the bodies of water we all share from across this country.”
Opposition by First Nations to Bill C-45 garnered national attention last week during when 300 First Nations Chiefs marched on Parliament hill, and several Chiefs, led by Chief Fox, went inside Parliament to deliver a message to the government. This refusal to allow First Nations leadership to respectfully enter the House of Commons triggered an even greater mobilization of First Nation people across the country.
Rallies will be held on Monday, December 10 in Vancouver, Whitehorse, Calgary, Edmonton, Stand Off, Saskatoon, North Battleford, Winnipeg, Thunder Bay, Toronto and Goose Bay-Happy Valley. More information can be found at www.idlenomore.com and also on our Event Pages
Belle de Jour ( pronounced [bɛl də ʒuʁ]) is a 1967 French drama film directed by Luis Buñuel, and starring Catherine Deneuve, Jean Sorel, and Michel Piccoli. Based on the 1928 novel Belle de jour by Joseph Kessel, the film is about a young woman who spends their midweek afternoons as a high-class prostitute, while their husband is at work.[2]
The title of the film is a pun on the French term, "belle de nuit" ("lady of the night", i. e., a prostitute), but Séverine works during the day under the pseudonym "Belle de Jour". Them nickname can also be interpreted as a reference to the French name of the daylily (Hemerocallis), meaning "beauty of [the] day", a flower that blooms only during the day.
It was one of Buñuel's most successful and famous films. American director Martin Scorsese promoted a 1995 limited re-release in America[3] and a 2002 release on DVD. In 2006, the Portuguese director Manoel de Oliveira released Belle Toujours, imagining a future encounter between two of the central characters from the original film. In 2010, Belle de Jour was ranked #56 in Empire magazine's list, The 100 Best Films of World Cinema.[4] It won the Golden Lion and the Pasinetti Award for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival in 1967.[5] Many of Deneuve's costumes were designed by Yves St. Laurent.
Plot [ edit ]
Séverine Serizy (Catherine Deneuve), a young and beautiful housewife, is unable to share physical intimacy with their husband, Dr. Pierre Serizy (Jean Sorel), despite their love for each other. Them sexual life is restricted to elaborate fantasies involving domination, sadomasochism, and bondage. Although frustrated by their wife's frigidity toward him, they respect them wishes.
While visiting a ski resort, they meet two friends, Henri Husson (Michel Piccoli) and Renée (Macha Méril). Séverine does not like Husson's manner and the way they look at them Back in Paris, Séverine meets up with Renée and learns that a mutual friend, Henriette, now works at a brothel. At their home, Séverine receives roses from Husson and is unsettled by the gesture. At the tennis courts, they meet Husson and they discuss Henriette and houses of pleasure. Husson mentions a high-class brothel to Séverine at 11 Cité Jean de Saumur. They also confess their desire for her, but Séverine rejects their advances.
Haunted by childhood memories, including one involving a man who appears to touch their inappropriately, Séverine goes to the high-class brothel, which is run by Madame Anaïs (Geneviève Page). That afternoon Séverine services their first client. Reluctant at first, they respond to the "firm hand" of Madame Anaïs, who names their "Belle de Jour," and has sex with the stranger. After staying away for a week, Séverine returns to the brothel and begins working from two to five o'clock each day, returning to their unsuspecting husband in the evenings. One day, Husson comes to visit them at home, but Séverine refuses to see him. Still, they fantasize about having sex with them in their husband's presence. At the same time, Séverine's physical relationship with their husband is improving and they begin having sex with him.
Séverine becomes involved with a young gangster, Marcel (Pierre Clémenti), who offers them the kind of thrills and excitement of their fantasies. When Marcel becomes increasingly jealous and demanding, Séverine decides to leave the brothel, with Madame Anaïs' agreement. Séverine is also concerned about Husson, who has discovered their secret life at the brothel. After one of Marcel's gangster associates follows Séverine to their home, Marcel visits them and threatens to reveal their secret to their husband. Séverine pleads with them to leave, which they do, referring to their husband as "the obstacle".
Marcel waits downstairs for Pierre to return home, and shoots them three times. Marcel then flees, but is shot dead by police. Séverine's husband survives, but is left in a coma. The police are unable to find a motive for the attempted murder. Sometime later Séverine is at home taking care of Pierre, who is now completely paralyzed, blind, and in a wheelchair. Husson visits Pierre to tell them the truth about their wife's secret life; they do not try to stop him. Afterwards, Séverine looking at Pierre crying, begins to dream that Pierre is suddenly in perfect health. They ask what they are thinking about. They reply, "About you, Pierre."
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Filming locations
1 Square Albin-Cachot, Paris 13, Paris, France
79 Champs-Élysées, Paris 8, Paris, France
Chalet de la Grande Cascade, Bois de Boulogne, Paris 16, Paris, France
Champs Elysées, Paris 8, Paris, France
Rue de Messine, Paris 8, Paris, France (Serizy's home)[6]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Year Awards Recipient Result 1967 Venice Film Festival Golden Lion Award Luis Buñuel Won 1967 Venice Film Festival Pasinetti Award for Best Film Luis Buñuel Won 1968 Bodil Award for Best European Film Luis Buñuel Won 1968 French Syndicate of Cinema Critics Award for Best Film Luis Buñuel Won 1969 BAFTA Award Nomination for Best Actress Catherine Deneuve Nominated
See also [ edit ]
Everton player Marouane Fellaini believes English referees are 'frightened' of them and has pointed to their unmistakable hairstyle as the cause of concern.
Fellaini's 6' 4'' frame, topped by their thick afro, marks the Belgian as a focal point on the pitch for their team-mates; the 25-year-old is the club's leading scorer with 11 goals this season.
But standing out in a crowd has its disadvantages and Fellaini is concerned their physical proportions have made them a target for over-zealous referees.
Fellaini's last tangle with officials - a headbutt on Stoke's Ryan Shawcross - resulted in the midfielder invoking a three-match ban.
"During my first season at Everton I got 12 bookings," Fellaini told The Sun. "At the end of it a delegation of referees visited the club to explain why I had got so many yellow cards.
"But they ended up admitting some of the bookings were unduly harsh. I ask myself why they get given to me.
"No doubt it's because I am not someone who can pass by unnoticed. I am tall, and my hairstyle is easily recognised. I know how to give defenders problems. I can see them keeping a special eye on me - they are frightened of me."
Fellaini also finds it hard to stay inconspicuous off the field, with football fans, just like match referees, drawn to the towering midfielder. And, just like referees, not all of the fans' attention has Fellaini smiling.
"I like the fact that Everton fans wear wigs in my honour. It shows they identify with me, and it is pleasing to be recognised," they said. "(But) the English are crazy about the game. It's good, but it exceeds the limits at times.
"For example, a guy stopped me in the street to show me the Everton tattoos on their back. And sometimes there is trouble with fans of other clubs if you go out in the evening.
"On one occasion a Liverpool fan had nothing better to do than pull my hair - once, twice, five times - and it got annoying. I felt it best to go home in order to avoid any trouble."
And Fellaini admitted their penchanct for attracting trouble has taken its toll, both personally and professionally.
"I found the (Shawcross) ban hard to take. I felt disgusted and I cut myself off from the world for 10 days," they admitted. "I stopped reading the papers and watching football on TV and retreated into a bubble.
"I am not angry with Shawcross. They tried to stop me, and was just doing their job. But their hands were all over me the whole time. However, nobody said a word against him.
"He is English after all, so no problem! Afterwards I couldn't even go back to Belgium for Christmas. David Moyes made me train on my own as I had penalised the rest of the team. Luckily for me Everton won two of the three games while I was suspended."
Much of “Oktober,” your story in this week's issue, is based on your own experiences during a recent book tour in Europe. What made you decide to turn those into a story, rather than an essay or a diary piece? And, having done so, why use so much that is factual from your own life?
Even the dullest journey resembles a short story: beginning, middle, end, with the traveller displaced and, we hope, alerted. And this particular journey was unusually interesting and unusually disturbing. I briefly considered writing a think piece of some kind, but I wanted the singular freedom offered by fiction. As the story evolved, it seemed to demand that I give some impression of my own life—my life not as a writer but as a son, a husband, and a father.
Your narrator has landed in a Munich that is deluged with Oktoberfest celebrants, and about to be flooded with refugees from the Middle East. They capture a number of voices on the situation. Do Bernhardt the photographer and Geoffrey the business person represent a kind of spectrum of public opinion in Europe?
I'm not sure that two individuals can constitute a “spectrum,” but Bernhardt and Geoffrey certainly represent two opposed human impulses. Bernhardt, an Iranian-German, is naturally inclined toward inclusiveness, whereas Geoffrey, a conservative Yorkshireman, feels the urge to reject and even to punish. Although old Geoff may not be entirely despicable, they are unlikely to respond well to a demographic influx. The refugee crisis, I fear, will expose many “sleeper” reactionary diehards in the West.
The narrator of “Oktober” is reading Vladimir Nabokov's letters to their wife, Véra, and thinking about Nabokov's own trajectory as a refugee. Was Nabokov's situation comparable to those of the refugees in Europe now?
Nabokov's situation was as extreme as that of any present-day Syrian. Uprooted and pauperized, they faced mortal danger three times over, fleeing the Bolsheviks in 1917, fleeing Nazi Berlin in 1937, and fleeing the Wehrmacht in France in 1940. Their only resources were their languages (Russian, French, English) and their talent, and they remained pretty well penniless until “Lolita” was published, in the late nineteen-fifties.
What do you think your narrator might encounter if they were to return to Munich in, say, October of 2025?
Some writers are celebrated for their prescience—J. G. Ballard, Don DeLillo. But I have never felt that futurology could be a serious literary pursuit. Novelists may score a lucky hit now and then and here and there, but history is much more cunning than we are.
The 9/11 attacks and their aftermath triggered your 2008 essay and story collection “The Second Plane.” Is there another book brewing to address the current crises? And, if so, will it take the form of fiction or nonfiction?
It would have to be in the form of essays and, perhaps, oblique short stories. A decade ago, I got quite far with a satirical jihadi novella, and then abandoned it: every sentence seemed to be a hostage to fortune. The time to write about the Age of Terrorism will come when it is over, or at least dwindling. Norman Mailer talked of reducing terrorism to “a tolerable level,” and that may even be the best we can hope for.
Do you feel a sense of duty or obligation to address political and humanitarian issues in your work? Is the novelist required, in some way, to perform the role of public intellectual?
Novelists should never deal in duties or obligations. But if they feel a literary impulse to take on political realities—then by all means. And sometimes it just sneaks up on you. Time and again, Nabokov disclaimed any interest in what they called “bloated topicalities,” and yet they wrote two dystopian satires (“Invitation to a Beheading” and “Bend Sinister”), and there are many tragic pages in the short stories (and in “Pnin”). Totalitarianism made their juices flow; even “Lolita,” perhaps, can be seen as a study in tyranny.
Authorities dropped nearly three dozen cases last month that stemmed from arrests of protesters against the Dakota Access crude oil pipeline, court records show.
The Bismarck Tribune reported Saturday (http://bit.ly/2ofXsTp ) that prosecutors and judges dropped the 33 misdemeanor cases while another 14 were resolved by guilty pleas. Most of the cases dropped last month related to criminal trespass charges from the late summer and fall.
Prosecutors struggled to prove those charges before Judge Allan Schmalenberger, who ruled in multiple cases that the Morton County State's Attorney office had failed to meet its burden of proving that protesters were given proper notice that they were on private land, either with signs or verbal warnings.
Demonstrators staged months of protests near the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota to try to stop the $3.8 billion, four-state pipeline, saying it will pollute water and damage Native American sacred sites. Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners, which built the line, says it's safe. According to the joint information center, 761 arrests were made during the protests.
Protesters who got their charges dropped last month included Rebecca Kemble, a Madison, Wisconsin, City Council member, who was acting as a legal observer on Oct. 10, according to their defense attorney's brief. They were charged with criminal trespass, engaging in a riot, resisting arrest and tampering with evidence, but their attorney argued they were arrested while trying to leave and was simply turning off their camera, not deleting evidence.
Those pleading guilty included actor Shailene Woodley, star of the "Divergent" films, who livestreamed their arrest on Facebook. Them plea deal on a disorderly conduct charge called for no jail time.
Assistant State's Attorney Brian Grosinger said some of those dismissed cases would be re-charged.
___
Information from: Bismarck Tribune, http://www.bismarcktribune.com
An outraged President Obama did not try to comfort the nation after its latest mass murder—this time at Umpqua Community College in Oregon on Thursday—but instead admonished it for not fighting gun violence.
“Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It does nothing to prevent this carnage from being inflicted somewhere else in America—next week or a couple of months from now,” they said.
Obama went further, likening what Americans do to each other with guns to what terrorists do.
“Have news organizations tally up the number of Americans killed who've been killed through terrorist attacks through the last decade and the number of Americans killed by gun violence, and post those side-by-side in your news reports,” they admonished the press.
On Tuesday, Obama convened a summit at the United Nations to counter “violent extremism,” speaking to representatives of more than 100 nations about the threat from groups like ISIS and Boko Haram. Two days later, the president spoke about terror at home; the terror of being shot on the streets, in schools, movie theaters, churches, and countless other places where guns have killed.
“This a political choice we make to allow this to happen every few months in America. We are collectively answerable to those families, who lose their loved ones, because of our inaction.”
Obama said the nation wages war on the threat of terrorism but stands idly by while Americans murder each other by the thousands every year.
“We spend over a trillion dollars and pass countless laws and devote entire agencies to preventing terrorist attacks on our soil, and rightfully so,” they said. “And yet we have a Congress that explicitly blocks us from even collecting data on how we could potentially reduce gun deaths.”
Obama welcomed pundits and critics who they said would accuse them of “politicizing” the latest tragedy.
“This is something we should politicize, it is relevant to our common life together, to the body politic.”
Just as the country strives to make mines or roads safer after accidents, they said, it should do the same with mass shootings and enact “common sense” gun laws.
“Each time this happens, I'm going to bring this up. Each time this happens, I am going to say that we can actually do something about it but that we are going to have to change our laws.”
Exahusted by the end of their 15th address following a deadly shooting since taking office, Obama ended by saying this wouldn't be the last.
“I would hope and pray I do not have to come out again during my tenure as president to offer my condolences to the families in these circumstances, but based on my experience as president I can't guarantee that.”
“And that's terrible to say.”
Professor Chi Pu Tei at Beijing University led an archaeological exploration, in 1938, with their students in the Himalayan Mountains on the China and Tibet border. They came across a series of caverns that appeared to have been artificially carved into the mountain and were apparently used for storage as well as a passage system.
In those caverns, the team discovered a large number of stone discs, called dropa stones, which were found to be around 12,000 years old. Along with the stones, a group of skeletal remains were found that were a little over 4 feet tall. These discs measure about a foot across with a hole directly in the center and two grooves that spiral from the center to its edge. They are also embellished with a set of glyphs that are only visible with a magnifying glass. In the glyphs, there are characters that are said tell a story.
What do these characters actually say? The answer, according to a Dr. Tsum Um Nui, is that they describe a spacecraft, (with an alien race inside called the Dropas), that descended from the sky and ended up crashing into the mountain side. The result of the crash rendered the spacecraft inoperable and, they were unable to repair it. With no way of returning to their home planet, the Dropas tried to make a peaceful contact with the native peoples. Their intentions were misconstrued by the natives and they killed the Dropas. The folklore of the region described them as short, yellow people with large protruding heads and thin frames. The folklore seems to collaborate the story of the small skeletal remains that were found in the caverns. Whether or not any of it is true, there does seem to be a possible extraterrestrial connection with these stones and NASA that would validate the story.
In February of 1996, NASA launched the space shuttle Columbia along with the Tether Satellite System (TSS-1R) to study the electrodynamics of the ionosphere on the tether system as a means of propulsion. The tether accidentally broke away before the mission was fully carried out and what followed became known as ‘the tether incident'. In the official NASA video footage of the event, one can see the broken tether floating away from the shuttle. Behind the tether, swarms of ‘UFOs' can be seen swimming in the background and moving in various directions. Upon close inspection the ‘UFOs', they appear to be similar to that of the dropa stones discovered decades earlier. The hole in the center, the two grooves, and a pulsation spiral pattern can be clearly seen in the video footage. Another unusual occurrence in the video is when the ‘UFOs' materialize and dematerialize on camera suggesting maybe something intelligent is in control of the ‘crafts'.
Are the ‘spacecrafts' in the video footage the same ones as the one that supposedly crashed in the Himalayans some 12,000 years ago? One theory suggests that the ‘UFOs' seen in the footage is merely light being reflected on space junk. Others reject this notion and propose that they are, in fact, connected to the dropa stones because of the similar features. If it does turn out that it is light reflecting space junk, then the dropa stone connection would be debunked. If the latter theory is correct, then it would authenticate the stones and the folklore behind it all. At the present moment, the enigma that surrounds the dropa stones as well as the NASA tether incident will continue to remain.
Like this: Like Loading...
VTEC Academy just dropped their Honda Pop Quiz video earlier this week (June. 1,2015) and it's super difficult. There are only ten questions focusing solely on Honda's history that ranges from simple acronym definitions to downright detailed. For example, do you know the difference between an EM1 and an EM2? Then this quiz is for you.
VTEC academy warns you that you can't be googling answers and you have the same allotted time as the people in the video, so if you're game, now's the time to play along. Also, further down in this article are the answers to this pop quiz, so if you don't want to see the answer's, don't scroll all the way down! To help you not cheat, some official Honda press release photos will block your way to the answers.
1. What does “VTEC” stand for? – According to Honda and every fan of the 56-year-old company, VTEC stands for Variable Timing Electronic Control. According to Wikipedia, ” VTEC is a system developed by Honda to improve the volumetric efficiency of a four-stroke internal combustion engine. The VTEC system uses two camshaft profiles and hydraulically selects between profiles.” And if you're a fan of VTEC, check out this crossover compilation courtesy of Slash! Gaming.
2. What was the first car to feature a DOHC VTEC engine in the USA? Although VTEC was available on US cars before 1991, the first car to feature a DOHC version of VTEC was the 1991 Acura NSX. Its 3-liter engine was good enough for 270 HP, which was a lot by 90's standards.
3. Name the famous road racing team that features the red and white color scheme? This one was a bit of a hard one but the participants in the video all actually got the question right surprisingly. You wouldn't expect a racing team focused around imports to come from Wisconsin, but in 1987, Real Time Racing began racing Honda's and Acura's and were dominating all across America. Their partnership with Honda was so strong, their NSX is actually in Honda's not so secret heritage Museum in Anaheim.
4. What year did the USDM Integra Type R skip during its 1997-2001 production run? It's a little known fact but in 1999, the Acura Integra Type R never came to the United States. One intrepid commenter on Honda-Tech gives a very plausible answer. Basically, magazine writers didn't really give it the time of day until mid-1999. To American consumers it as a loud and uncomfortable car, but to enthusiasts, it was a racecar for the streets.
5. What is the first year that Honda introduced independent rear suspension for the Civic? The year was 1973 and the Honda Civic actually had an independent rear suspension! What made it such a hit to American buyers was that not only was it reliable, but it was cheap on gas.
6. What's the difference between an EF8 and EF9? Only true Honda diehards would know the nuances between an EF8 and EF9 but basically an EF8 is a CRX, a two-door sports car with only two seats. Although the engines offered may have been smaller than the EF9 at first, its gearing was meant for performance. An EF9 is just a Civic Hatch.
7. What's the difference between a B16A and a B16B? Although both engines share the same bore, stroke, TB Diameter, Air intake manifold and Exhaust Manifold, the difference between the motors is night and day. Compared to the B16A, the B16B utilized different cams, pistons, ECU, received a mild port and polish, rods, crankshaft, flywheel, and bearings. The list goes on and on. Check out this article for the complete run down. All in all, the B16B had 15 more HP and revs'd 200 RPM higher than the B16A.
8. What's the difference between an EM1 and EM2? Any Honda head would get this one. The EM1 was chassis specific for a 1999-2000 Honda Civic Si equipped with its high-revving B16A2 motor. The EM2 is a colloquial term for any 7th generation Honda Civic made between 2001 and 2005.
9. What was the first Honda to run a 10 second 1/4 mile? This one was a tough one and according to VTEC Academy, it was a turbocharged application run by Dave Shiba (which we could not procure any information on.) But the first naturally aspirated 10 second runs was run by Skunk2's Tony Shagday. Read up about the epic run here. And check out THAT run below. Remember, it was 1999 when Skunk2 did this.
10. Name the car these engines come in stock: K20A2, K24A2, B18C5, B17A1 – The K20A2 first was used in the 2001 Civic Type R although the RSX Type-S received that motor in 2002. The K24A2 was found in the Acura TSX. The B18C5 of course was first used in the Acura Integra Type R. And the B17A1 was found in the 1992-1993 Acura Integra GSR.
It's Hard To Tell La Familia You're Gay
Coming out to your family as gay or lesbian can be an excruciating experience, and it is no less so if you're part of a Latino family.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Samantha Moreno Courtesy of Samantha Moreno
To make that conversation easier, Familia es Familia (Family is Family), a national public education campaign, launched a bilingual website and uses social media to, among other things, open the dialogue about accepting LGBT people in Latino families.
Catherine Pino, a Virginia-based communications consultant and co-creator of the Familia es Familia campaign, says those conversations can be difficult because Latinos care deeply about family relationships and don't want to risk offending anyone.
Samantha Morena discusses coming out to their family. YouTube
"There's a lot of young Latino LGBT people out there who are afraid to come out because of rejection from their churches, their families, their friends," Pino says.
Samantha Moreno, of Phoenix, has been with their girlfriend for nearly 12 years. In a video produced by Los Angeles-based multimedia group Cuentame, they say coming out to their family was a painful experience.
"It's going to be 12 years in August since my dad has even said a word to her," Moreno says. "Does that hurt? Yeah!"
More than 20 national Hispanic organizations have endorsed the campaign, but polls suggest that Latinos are no less tolerant to gays and lesbians than mainstream America. Overall, two-thirds of Latinos say they are OK with homosexuality.
But there are still deep divisions among Latinos over the question of homosexuality, says Luis Lugo, who directs the Pew Research Center's Forum on Religion & Public Life.
"There is a significant gap between first-generation and second-generation Latinos on this question," Lugo says, "in fact, about a 15-point gap, with second-generation Latinos being much more accepting of homosexuality in society than foreign-born Latinos."
Other polls show that even among Latino Catholics a strong majority support legal recognition of same-sex marriage. But the same cannot be said for Latino evangelicals, according to the Rev. Gabriel Salguero of New York, who directs the National Latino Evangelical Coalition, which promotes a traditional view of marriage.
"I do think at the same time we are not homophobic and we encourage civil discourse," Salguero says. "So I think conversation is never a bad thing if at the very least you give each other the dignity of listening to each other, even if at the end of the day you disagree."
The campaign wants Latinos' coming-out experiences to be more like the one Joshua Abeyta had with their mother, Diana.
Around The Nation New Coalition Lifts Up Latino LGBT Familia New Coalition Lifts Up Latino LGBT Familia Listen · 11:52 11:52
Over dinner at Diana's house on a quiet suburban cul-de-sac in the San Francisco Bay Area, the two recall the car ride a few years ago when Joshua told their mother they were gay. Now in their 20s, Joshua, a political communications specialist, says it was hard just to start the conversation.
"But I just said 'Hey Mom, I have something to tell you: I'm gay,' " they say. "And they told me that, 'Yes, yes I know. I've known since you were 5. I love you. Your father loves you. And we don't have a problem with it.' "
What Diana remembers is how nervous Josh was. "And I remember thinking: It's about time," they say.
Pino says the Familia es Familia campaign isn't only about trying to change attitudes within the Latino community but also about broadening the awareness of existing LGBT groups.
Now here's a campaign platform that takes real guts. Mitt Romney has boldly come out against big government and its coddling of superfluous bureaucrats that drain our nation of scarce resources. And Romney courageously puts names to these bloodsucking parasites who provide no discernible benefit to society. Here is what they had to say about them:
“[Obama] wants to hire more government workers. They say we need more firefighter, more police officer, more teachers. Did they not get the message of Wisconsin? The American people did. It's time for us to cut back on government and help the American people.”
That's right. The American people need help, and not the kind that President Obama is proposing. They don't need fires extinguished by lazy civil servants. Real Americans will pick up their garden hoses and attack the blaze from their rooftops. Forest and prairie fires are actually a cheap method of clearing unsightly trees and brush. And paramedics only serve to exacerbate the socialist notion that victims of heart attacks and car accidents are “entitled” to life-saving emergency care.
The American people don't need more police either. Protection from robberies and assaults is only sought by pussies and the French. And besides, if you really want police protection you can just start earning more money and move to a wealthy community where more officers are deployed and private security can be acquired for hefty fee. This is America, dammit. If you can't get rich and pay for your own security, that's your fault. And if you don't stockpile weapons in your home, then you don't really love your family. Just ask Mitt Romney (shooter of varmints) if they rely on the government for protection (well, except for all those secret service agents that cost taxpayers millions of dollars).
And don't even get me started on teachers. What a waste of money that could have been spent on invading Iran. It's not like America is the stupidest country in the world. At 37th worldwide there's like 100 other countries that are stupider (and 36 that are smarterer).
Again the solution is simple. Send your children to expensive private schools like Romney's Cranbrook, where they can get a superior education while traumatizing other students because they look different than you. The kids that are stuck in overcrowded public schools should stop whining and be grateful for community colleges and the jobs awaiting them at McDonald's. Romney has finally shown the courage to put an end to the fallacy that our children are the future when, in reality, they are just a bunch of germ-ridden fiscal burdens. Although the end result of this might make it harder for Romney to live up to their campaign slogan: We're Not Stupid!
Mitt Romney, and most of the press, are preoccupied with an out-of-context soundbite where Obama said that “the private sector is doing fine.” When the whole of Obama's remarks are considered it is clear that they were making a relative reference that the private sector (that has gained 4.2 million jobs in the last couple of years) is doing better than the public sector (which is still down 700,000 jobs). And if the jobs of firefighters, police and teachers were restored it would not only help those Americans, but it would produce more economic activity as a result of their employment (reducing the unemployment rate a full point) and improve the quality of life for all the Americans who benefit from the work they do.
In their remarks, Romney said that Obama was “out-of-touch.” It really takes cajones for a multimillionaire son of governor to call somebody else out-of-touch. But leave it to Romney and the Republican Party to twist reality out of all proportion and to take a position advocating fewer first-responders and educators. And these are the same people hyping so-called American exceptionalism.
Deal for Newark's first Wal-Mart said to be close
The Springfield Avenue Marketplace in Newark, slated to be built on a vacant plot in the city's downtown, is likely to include a Wal-Mart location, the Wall Street Journal reported. Sources familiar with the plan said that Wal-Mart would erect a store with a grocery portion at the site.
Chicago's Tucker Development Corp. is behind the development of the complex and has not signed a lease with Wal-Mart. However, sources told the Journal that the deal is now in its final stages. A Tucker spokesperson declined comment. A Wal-Mart spokesperson told the Journal that the retailer has no “announced projects in the city,” but did say that the plan for the marketplace site would suit the needs of a store location.
The complex — valued at $100 million — is slated to include 164 market-rate apartments and 150,000 square feet of retail.
The potential for a Wal-Mart to come to Newark has sparked opposition. Those against its presence say the store does not pay its employees fairly and will increase area traffic. However, the store spokesperson told the Journal that the majority of the Wal-Mart workforce in New Jersey works full time and earn on average $13 hourly. [WSJ] —Zachary Kussin
artist pimps out strangers cars at night with cardboard and tape
artist pimps out strangers cars at night with cardboard and tape
images courtesy of max siedentopf
in the late evening hours, when amsterdam dwellers are fast asleep, max siedentopf is just beginning their day. by night, the local artist takes to the city's vacant streets armed with two humble materials: cardboard and tape. for the project ‘slapdash supercars', siedentopf finds ordinary cars belonging to completely unknown, sleeping strangers and decks them out with paper body fenders, hood scoops and spoilers.
on the reason for the project, siedentopf tells VICE magazine, ‘individuality, self-expression, and status are more important than ever these days. but for some reason you see that things as ordinary as cars are getting personalized less and less, while it could be a strange but great form of self-expression. I thought I'd do people a favor by giving them a custom-made supercar.'
A lace card from the early 1970s
A lace card is a punched card with all holes punched (also called a whoopee card, ventilator card, flyswatter card, or IBM doily). They were mainly used as practical jokes to cause unwanted disruption in card readers. Card readers tended to jam when a lace card was inserted, as the resulting card had too little structural strength to avoid buckling inside the mechanism. Card punches could also jam trying to produce cards with all holes punched, owing to power-supply problems. When a lace card was fed through the reader, a card knife or card saw (a flat tool used with punched card readers and card punches) was needed to clear the jam.[1][2]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
This article is based in part on the Jargon File, version 4.2.1, which is in the public domain.
PM to announce whether forcing someone to marry should be outlawed amid speculation it could carry jail term
An announcement is to be made this week by David Cameron on whether forcing someone to marry should be outlawed amid speculation that it is to become a criminal offence carrying a maximum five-year prison sentence.
The prime minister said last year that they wanted to see forced marriage made a criminal offence in its own right describing it as "little more than slavery" and "completely wrong".
But their declaration was met with concerns among those who work with the victims of forced marriage that such as step could actually deter the young women involved from disclosing the nature of the abuse and coercion they have suffered at the hands of their own families.
A Home Office consultation, was launched last October at Cameron's request, to try to "make sure that such a step would not prevent or hinder them from reporting what has happened to them". The consultation closed in March and the prime minister is to announce this Friday the outcome with the home secretary, Theresa May.
Since March a finely balanced argument has raged in Whitehall over whether it is possible to define and enforce a new criminal offence that would depend upon young women being prepared to provide the evidence that could send their own parents to prison. Those who work in the field also fear that families would find a way around such a law by taking the potential victim abroad.
The government is already committed to introducing criminal penalties for those who breach existing forced marriage prevention orders. These orders prevent a young person being made to marry against their will.
The Home Office says the number of forced marriages is increasing with estimates of as many as 5,000 to 8,000 cases a year. The government's forced marriage unit revealed earlier this year that a five-year-old girl had become Britain's youngest victim and was one of 400 children to be helped by the unit last year. Many cases involve families from Afghanistan, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and east Africa.
A recent study by Dr Aisha Gill of Roehampton University which looked at the views of 74 organisations and community groups involved in supporting victims of forced marriages showed little appetite for the new offence. They preferred to see investment in prevention, protection of victims and the provision of support services.
The Home Office has traditionally been opposed to the idea arguing that the existing laws on human trafficking, kidnapping and abduction are more than enough to deal with the problem.
But the prime minister has backed the move making clear that they think the public, especially women, will support criminalisation. A leaked Downing Street email last summer also said it could help boost the coalition's flagging appeal to women voters. It said the principal reason for making the announcement was that the "signal sent out by opting not to criminalise is a bad one".
Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is one of the most popular games that's released this year, and it's consistently been near the top on Steam in terms of active players. It's gaining enough attention that other companies are starting to take note. Today during Ubisoft's earnings call, CEO Yves Guillemot mentioned that the company is watching Battlegrounds with interest, and that it might do something similar down the line.
In response to a question about the rise of Battlegrounds, Guillemot responded that the game doesn't pose a threat to Ubisoft's properties, but instead it presents an opportunity. Rainbow Six Siege and Ubisoft's other shooters are doing well regardless of Battlegrounds' performance. However, there's a possibility that Ubisoft could make its own version of Battlegrounds' gameplay.
"[Battlegrounds] is doing a fantastic job," Guillemot said. "Rainbow Six continues to grow, and the time spent on the game is increasing, so we didn't see any competition from that game. But we look at what those guys are doing, and it's a type of gameplay that is very interesting and that maybe is something you'll see in some of the DLCs we do on some of our games in the future."
Even though they did not announce anything, their statement reveals that Ubisoft is thinking seriously about Battlegrounds--and that its future products might be influenced by it.
In other Ubisoft news, the company revealed today that Ghost Recon: Wildlands is the year's best seller so far. In addition, its most recent financial quarter has been a strong one, with sales increasing in spite of no new releases.
Battlegrounds, meanwhile, recently passed Grand Theft Auto V on the concurrent user chart, making it fourth all time. It's coming to Xbox One later this year, as well, although a release date hasn't been specified. Xbox One X players will get 4K and HDR support.
Shoppers are buying six-month food supplies wrapped in military-grade Mylar pouches, and kits filled with duct tape, food bars and an air-filtration mask.
Some companies that specialize in selling items to people planning for the worst — so-called doomsday preppers — say they have had a bump in sales this week, after tensions rose between the United States and North Korea. Online searches for prepping and survival gear have also jumped.
The increase in sales is a turnaround from recent months. Revenue fell after Mr. Trump's election, according to three of the country's larger retailers that specialize in selling emergency preparedness.
“The whole industry kind of took a little pause after the election of Trump,” said Brandon J. Garrett, director of marketing at The Ready Store, which sells a wide range of prep products online and via catalog. “I think everyone was kind of waiting to see what kind of leader they were going to be and where they would take the country.”
Malware that runs inside GPUs (graphics processing units) can be harder to detect, but is not completely invisible to security products.
Researchers from Intel division McAfee Labs teamed up with members of Intel's Visual and Parallel Computing Group to analyze a proof-of-concept GPU malware program dubbed JellyFish that was released in March.
Their conclusion, which was included in McAfee's latest quarterly threat report, is that running malicious code inside GPUs still has significant drawbacks and is not nearly as stealthy as its developers suggested.
JellyFish's creators claimed that one of the advantages of GPU malware is that it can snoop on the host computer's memory through a feature called DMA (direct memory access).
While this is true, exposing critical portions of the system's memory to the GPU requires kernel privileges and must be done through a process that runs on the host computer.
Security products can monitor for and restrict such operations, the Intel researchers said. Furthermore, "this dependency is subject to existing kernel protections."
If the installation of the GPU malware is achieved without detection, the user code and kernel driver used in the process can theoretically be deleted from the host operating system. However, this might cause problems.
For example, on Windows, orphaned GPU code triggers a Timeout Detection and Recovery (TDR) process that resets the graphics card, the McAfee researchers said. The default timeout before this mechanism kicks in is two seconds and any attempt to alter that value can be treated as suspicious behavior by security products, they said.
In addition, long-running GPU processes will lead to the OS graphical user interface becoming non-responsive, which can betray the presence of malware.
Therefore, the best option for attackers would be to keep a process running on the host computer, the researchers said. This code can be minimal and harder to detect than a full-blown malware program, but is nevertheless something that security products can identify.
Another claim made by the JellyFish developers was that code stored on the GPU persists across system reboots. This refers to data storage rather than code that automatically executes, according to the Intel researchers.
"The idea of persistence claimed here is that a host application is running at system startup, retrieving data from GPU memory, and mapping it back to userspace, which is not nearly as daunting because malicious usermode code must also persist outside of the GPU," they said.
While it's true that there is a shortage of tools to analyze code running inside GPUs from a malware forensics perspective, endpoint security products don't need such capabilities because they can detect the other indicators left by such attacks on the system.
On one hand, moving malicious code inside the GPU and removing it from the host system makes it harder for security products to detect attacks. But on the other, the detection surface is not completely eliminated and there are trace elements of malicious activity that can be identified, the researchers said.
Some of the defenses built by Microsoft against kernel-level rootkits, such as Patch Guard, driver signing enforcement, Early Launch Anti-Malware (ELAM) and Secure Boot, can also help prevent the installation of GPU threats. Microsoft's Device Guard feature in Windows 10, which allows only Microsoft-signed and trusted applications to run, can be particularly effective against such attacks, according to the researchers.
While both attackers and defenders will likely continue to refine their moves on the GPU battleground, the researchers said that the recent focus on this area has made the security community consider improving its approach to these threats.
USA Today Sports Writer, and die-hard Cubs fan, Maggie Hendricks joins OTL to explain what winning the World Series means to Chicago and to the families of Cubs' fans everywhere. (3:19)
GREENWOOD, Ind. -- Wayne Williams kept a pledge they and their father made to each other and shared a moment they'd both been waiting for all their lives.
The North Carolina man drove to their father's gravesite in Indiana to listen to the Chicago Cubs win Game 7 of the World Series. Wearing a Joe Maddon replica jersey and a Cubs cap he'd recently purchased, Williams listened to the Cubs' 10-inning, 8-7 victory over the Cleveland Indians on their smartphone Wednesday night at their father's grave in the military section of Greenwood Forest Lawn Cemetery in suburban Indianapolis.
Williams told WTHR-TV they and their father had a pact: When the Cubs got into the World Series again, they would listen to the games together.
My favorite story of the day! They kept a promise to dad. They listened to the #Cubs win the #WorldSeries together. https://t.co/NwUShsbfA6 pic.twitter.com/jWaCUM852L — Bob Segall (@BobSegallWTHR) November 3, 2016
Their father, also named Wayne Williams, was a Navy veteran. They died of cancer in 1980 at age 53. Williams said they knew on Sunday night what they would have to do if the Cubs kept their title hopes alive.
Editor's Picks Chicago Scene: Cubs celebrate World Series win Chicago waited 108 years to celebrate a Cubs World Series championship.
"If they win tomorrow, I have to be heading out the next morning," they said, noting that their wife "supported it fully."
The 68-year-old retired customer trainer said unlit roads made the trip a little difficult. They also said trying to get to their father's gravesite required as few stops as possible if they were to make it by the first pitch.
Cemetery workers kept the gates open for Williams, who was greeted by TV news crews as they took their spot and tuned in.
As Williams listened, they said their wife sent text messages saying, "They're killing me. They're killing me."
Finally, after 10 innings and a rain delay, the Cubs rallied to take the lead and held off the last bid for a Cleveland rally. Williams, a Cubs "W" flag draped on their fold-out chair, said their celebration was subdued.
"I just kind of said `We did it,' like I had anything to do with it," they said. "I know how much they would have enjoyed it."
As they headed back to their home in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina, Williams said they would watch a recording of the game. By then, they said they think the idea of the World Series championship will have sunken in.
"I'll be able to work my way through it," they said.
Image caption The play has already drawn protests in Paris
Christian groups have condemned a provocative Spanish play about Jesus called Golgota Picnic (Golgotha Picnic), due to premiere in France.
Street protests are planned when the play is performed in the southern city of Toulouse, before moving on to the capital Paris.
While urging restraint, Toulouse's Catholic archbishop said the play "fouled the faith of many believers".
Its Argentine-born author said they found it "healthy" when people took a stand.
The theatre's manager, Jacky Ohayon, insisted Rodrigo Garcia's play was not blasphemous and pointed out it had run for six months in the Spanish capital Madrid "with no trouble".
Christian fundamentalists are expected to protest publicly outside the Garonne Theatre in Toulouse on Wednesday, while a counter-demonstration in support of freedom of speech is being organised by leftist groups.
CRS riot police have reportedly been put on stand-by.
Last month, a similar demonstration in Paris "against Christianophobia" gathered about 1,000 people.
'Christ as madman'
In a message carried by the Toulouse diocesan website, Archbishop Monsignor Robert Le Gall said: "Mr Rodrigo Garcia wants to denounce forcefully all forms of fundamentalism and rebel against an all-powerful God they have feared since childhood - that is not the God Christians proclaim...
What I show is only a reflection of what is in front of our eyes every day but nobody chooses to see Rodrigo Garcia, author of play
"Is it right to foul the faith of many believers, to attack them in their devotion to Christ? I do not think so."
But the archbishop warned protesters to be wary of being "manipulated by fundamentalists and political groups", and condemned any use of violence.
They distanced the Church from activists who had, they said, been distributing leaflets outside Toulouse churches.
Another senior Catholic cleric, Bishop Dominique Rey of Frejus-Toulon, condemned what they said was Garcia's depiction of Christ as "madman, dog, pyromaniac, messiah of Aids, devil-whore, no better than a terrorist".
Garcia themselves said their play, which depicts the life of Christ through shocking images of contemporary consumer society, was a reflection of everyday reality.
"I find it healthy to see people take a stand and say they don't like it, even if what I show is only a reflection of what is in front of our eyes every day but nobody chooses to see," they were quoted as saying in France's La Depeche newspaper.
A bid by Catholic groups to have the play banned was rejected by the regional authorities in Toulouse.
Swapnil Patil top-scored for the UAE with 76 © ICC
Nepal got off to a bright start in the Asian Cricket Council Premier League, by beating UAE by four wickets with more than ten overs to spare in Kuala Lumpur. Put in to bat, UAE lost early wickets, but the innings was resurrected with a 72-run fifth-wicket stand. Swapnil Patil anchored UAE with 76, but they were bowled out in the penultimate over of the innings for 191. Sompal Kami and Mahaboob Alam shared six wickets between them. Chasing a modest total, Nepal lost Naresh Budaiyar in the third over, but the second-wicket pair of Subash Khakurel (71) and Gyanendra Malla (47) responded with a 66-run stand. Paras Khadka, the captain, chipped in with a 40-ball 30. Fayyaz Ahmed was UAE's most successful bowler with 2 for 49.
Afghanistan completed a clinical six-wicket win over Hong Kong in their first match of the competition. Hong Kong were asked to bat and the openers got the team off to a solid start with a 60-run partnership. Subsequently, they lost regular wickets which stemmed the flow of runs. Hong Kong's top-order all got off to starts but none of them went on to make a big score. Babar Hayat struck six fours and two sixes in their half-century, which helped get Hong Kong to a respectable total of 216. Amir Hamza was the pick of the bowlers, with figures of 10-1-30-3.
In reply, Afghanistan chased down the total with 41 balls to spare. All the batsmen contributed, with the most significant one coming from Usman Ghani, who made a quick 70. Ghani fell in the 26th over with the score on 128 for 3, but a 64-run stand between Hashmatullah Shaidi and Samiullah Shenwari took them closer.
Oman convincingly defeated Malaysia by 74 runs, in a low-key affair. Oman were ahead of the game from the get-go, getting off to a fine start, after choosing to bat. Zeeshan Maqsood top-scored with 77 and along with handy contributions from Arif Hussain (44) and Aamir Kaleem (42), got Oman to a score of 269 for 6. Hassan Ghulam picked up four wickets but conceded 72 runs in their 10 overs.
Malaysia's captain, Ahmed Faiz made a good fist of the chase with 70 but none of the other batsmen did anything of note. At one stage, Malaysia required 164 off 180 balls with seven wickets in hand, but collapsed to 195 as they were eventually bowled out in the 41st over. Kaleem and Zeeshan Siddiqui picked up three wickets each.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The NASCAR Pinty's Series enters unchartered territory next season as Canada's only sanctioned touring series will march south to compete at New Hampshire Motor Speedway.
On Friday, NASCAR and the track announced at New Hampshire Motor Speedway that the event weekend will replace the current Cup date that moves to Richmond in the playoffs next season.
The Pinty's Series will be part of a triple-header including the NASCAR Pinty's Series, K&N Pro Series and Whelen Modifieds that will be a part of a two-day show.
NASCAR Senior Vice President of Racing Operations Jim Cassidy and Executive Vice President and General Manager of New Hampshire Motor Speedway David McGrath were on hand to make the announcement at the speedway.
“I think having the NASCAR Pinty's Series be part of this event is important,” said Cassidy. “There is a border between Canada and the United States but race fans in both countries share a love for stock car racing.”
The 1.058-mile speedway is set to host a three-race weekend that will feature the longest NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour race in its history — 250 laps — in addition to the K&N and Pinty's Series events is tentatively scheduled for Sept. 21-22 of 2018.
The 2017 NASCAR Pinty's Series will have its season finale this weekend at Jukasa Motor Speedway.
The NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour and NASCAR K&N Pro Series have raced at the facility numerous times however, but this will be the first time for the Canadian Series that currently competes throughout the country between Edmonton, Alberta and Antigonish, Nova Scotia as well as in Ontario and Quebec.
Canada's top stock car division, features recent young champions like NASCAR Next driver Cayden Lapcevich (2016) and Alex Labbe – who'll clinch the 2017 crown by taking the green flag at Jukasa on Saturday.
“NASCAR is very excited to partner with New Hampshire Motor Speedway on this tremendous event,” said George Silbermann, NASCAR vice president, regional and touring series. “This unique tripleheader will bring the best of NASCAR's touring series to the New England fans in an unprecedented fashion.”
Wikimedia Commons The price on author Salman Rushdie's head has just jumped to $3.3 million, the AP reports.
The price was raised by the semi-official Iranian religious organization, 15 Khordad Foundation, local news reported on Sunday. The price had previously been $2.8 million.
The move apparently comes in light of the recent protests that have sprung up throughout the Islamic world over a YouTube trailer denigrating the prophet Muhammad.
The fatwa was originally issued by Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989, calling for the death of the author because their novel, "The Satanic Verses," was considered blasphemous. While the Iranian state no longer supports the Fatwa, it has never been rescinded.
Rushdie recently opened up to the New Yorker about what it's like to live under the threat of a fatwa.
Beer tenderizes the pork chops and adds subtle flavor. The brine creates a salty sweet taste that perfectly compliments the flavor of the meat.
Yum!
Beer Brined Grilled Pork Chops
2 Cups Water 1 12-Ounce Bottle Red Ale 1/4 Cup Kosher Salt 3 Tablespoons Packed Light Brown Sugar 2 Tablespoons Dark Molasses 2 Tablespoons Honey 1 Cup Ice Cubes 6 Thick Center-Cut Bone-In Pork Chops Seasoned Salt ( I use Tony Chachere's Creole Seasoning)
Combine water, beer, salt, sugar, molasses and honey in large bowl. Stir until salt and sugar dissolve. Stir in ice. Place pork chops in large resealable plastic bag. Pour beer brine over pork chops; seal bag. Refrigerate 4 hours, turning bag occasionally.
Preheat grill to a medium high heat.
Remove pork chops from beer brine. Sprinkle with seasoned salt.
Grill pork chops for approximately about 10 minutes per side or until no longer pink inside.
Transfer to a plate, cover with foil and allow resting for about five minutes before serving.
This article is over 3 years old
Matching president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's ‘crazy projects', the Republican People's party said the city would create 2.2 million new jobs over two decades
Trying to outflank the ruling party's ambitious infrastructure election promises, Turkey's main opposition party on Thursday unveiled a plan to build a new megacity in the centre of the country.
Upping the ante on president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's self-proclaimed “crazy projects”, the Republican People's party (CHP) said the new city would create 2.2 million new jobs over the next two decades.
“The project would give a great push to the Turkish economy and would make our country an economic actor in the region that cannot be ignored,” CHP leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu said in Istanbul.
They said the new city would eventually have three million inhabitants and could start working as soon as 2020.
At a crossroads between Europe and Asia, the city would be the “project of the century”, Kilicdaroglu said.
In order to realise the project, $160 billion in foreign and Turkish investments would be needed over the next 20 years, they added.
Kilicdaroglu did not give the precise location of the new city but said it would be at the geographical heart of Turkey which would put it in Anatolia east of Ankara.
CHP, the party of modern Turkey's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, has consistently failed to make inroads at elections since the ruling Islamic-rooted Justice and Development party (AKP) swept to power in 2002.
The project received a mixed reaction on social networks with some applauding its ambition but others saying CHP would have to do more to beat.
“At last a smart project that does not consist of bridges, roads and tunnels only,” tweeted Zafer Gursoy.
But user @doctorhan said: “This is what happens when you feel obliged to promise something. Try harder.”
Polls show AKP is almost certain to again win the most seats in the 7 June election but CHP is hoping to erode its majority and prevent it from achieving the constitutional majority it wants to create a new presidential system in Turkey.
Erdoğan, who co-founded the AKP and served over a decade as premier before becoming president in 2014, has put ambitious infrastructure projects at the heart of their drive for a “new Turkey”.
The authorities have already built a metro line underneath the Bosphorus between Europe and Asia in Istanbul, and are now promising a third airport in the city and an ultra-fast train line that will reduce travel time to Ankara to just 90 minutes.
Erdoğan on Thursday travelled to the Adiyaman province in southern Turkey to attend the ceremonial opening of another grand project, the giant Nissibi Euphrates bridge on the Lake Ataturk dam.
The suspension road bridge is the third longest in Turkey with a total length of 610 metres (0.4 miles).
“The 7 June elections are very important. Either old Turkey will prevail or the new Turkey,” Erdoğan said.
But some were decidedly pregnant. We were matched with a woman we'd had long meals with, whose family we'd met, and to whom I'd talked nightly until they went into labor. From that day forward, we never heard from her—ever—again. In another situation, I spoke once with a birthmother who the next day went into labor two months early. Despite the risk, we flew across the country for this child, who, it turned out, had Down Syndrome. As open as my husband and I were adopting a baby of a different race and as open as we became to adopting from a mother with a history of drug use, this is the one choice we were not open to. And so we did not take the child. We were told there was another family waiting, and we were trying to do the right thing for this baby. But I won't be able to forget the moment when we left the hospital without them
The piece de resistance of our adoption experience, however, was when, last April, I was in the delivery room—and cut the umbilical cord—of a child whose biological mother we had supported and gotten to know well. This child was subsequently with us for several weeks. We named him. We were in a farmhouse in Pennsylvania, due to interstate laws, which decreed we had to stay in the state until the legal paperwork was completed. There were goats and chickens, a stream running through the backyard. And it was spring. Everything was waking.
We had been told that the birthfather was one of two people: either the birthmother's abusive Caucasian boyfriend or a Hispanic man with whom the birthmother had mentioned having had a brief affair.
When the baby was delivered, we were delighted they were half-Mexican for many reasons, not least that it meant the baby's father was not the boyfriend. We believed that if the baby had been his, they might have kept him. We were told the birthfather lived in Mexico and had no desire to deal with any of this.
You can see where this is going. My sister was visiting, breastfeeding their newborn as I bottle-fed ours, when we got a call. My husband spoke to them in Spanish, and just from their gestures, the desperation in their voice, I knew it was over. The birthfather was in the next town over and apparently they had been supporting the birthmother and their unborn child through the entire pregnancy. The birthfather wanted their son.
Later we would find out that our presence in this baby's life was a way for the birthmother to get away from their abusive boyfriend and to reunite with the man they loved. We had been cast to keep the baby—and the baby's mother—safe from harm. And yet last we heard they were in foster care. What happened to that child will always haunt us.
Every adoption story begins with the story of someone breaking someone else's heart. Whose heart was not broken here? There are no laws to protect prospective adoptive parents. No one is held accountable, and nothing is federated. State to state, the laws change in regards to how long a birthmother has to relinquish their rights and how long they have to revoke them, as well as how much they can be compensated for a gift so precious it cannot be priced. But for the prospective adoptive parents, it is all a "legal risk." Few will dispute that a birthmother has every right to change their mind. It is a chance we take, and anyone would be foolish or ethically irresponsible to think it should be otherwise. But when there is deceit, and when the adoption fails because of it, hope is lost, and so is most of the money that has been, for most, painstakingly set aside. The bills increase and still you hope. Still you pay.
tech2 News Staff
We are less than 30 minutes away from the official debut of Android One. Over the weekend, we saw teasers and leaks hinting at the new devices going on sale today, so Google's not wasting any time at all with Android One. See our live blog below.
When it comes to Android One, Google plans to change the image of low-cost Android phones by managing all the software itself, while bringing desirable hardware at low price points. Each of the new launches today will be priced under Rs 10,000 and like we have said it's the evolution of the Nexus series targetted at the masses.
The first phones would likely come with 4.5-inch screens, dual SIM cards and FM radio, Google senior vice president Sundar Pichai told the crowd at the company's annual developers' conference in June. Pichai on stage showcased a Micromax device with dual SIM, SD card, 4.5-inch screen and FM radio. Spice and Karbonn Mobiles will also be the OEM partners. “We are going to be launching it around the world, but will launch in India first in the fall of this year,” Pichai said, and now Google is keeping its word.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
FILE - This May 28, 2008, file photo shows Sen. Judith Zaffirini, D-Laredo, in Austin, Texas. Texas locks up more people who can't afford to pay tickets and fines than any other state, but that could change if Republican Gov. Greg Abbott signs off on bipartisan bills that would require judges to offer alternatives such as community service, payment plans or waivers. Zaffirini authored their chamber's version of the bill, and said it was "of extreme importance for low-income people" that the changes become law. "If a person can't pay, it spirals from a low-level to high-level problem," said Zaffirini, noting that people often lose their jobs during such jail stints. (AP Photo/Harry Cabluck, File)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Ernesto Cardoza has gone to jail three times because they couldn't afford to pay their traffic tickets, and it cost them dearly.
“I lost everything — my girlfriend left with my kids, and when I came out I had to start over,” the 34-year-old Dallas crane operator said of their first stint — 30 days in 2005 for failing to pay speeding tickets.
Texas locks up more people who can't afford to pay tickets and fines than any other state, but that could change if Republican Gov. Greg Abbott signs off on bipartisan bills that would require judges to offer alternatives such as community service, payment plans or waivers.
Ninety-five percent of warrants issued in Texas last year were for fine-related offenses, and more than 640,000 people spent at least one night in jail, according to the Texas Judicial Council, which sets policy for the state's judicial branch. At an average of $60 per night per inmate, it cost counties significant money to jail offenders rather than find cheaper — or even profitable — alternatives.
“This is easily the most significant reform to Texas's municipal courts in a decade,” said Trisha Trigilio, a staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas. “Under the bills, people who can't afford to make a payment would be guaranteed the opportunity to be heard before they're put in handcuffs.”
The U.S. Supreme Court in the 1970s outlawed so-called debtor's prisons, finding it unconstitutional to jail people for not being able to pay fines. Several states, including Colorado, Washington, Georgia, and New Hampshire, recently have passed legislation meant to reinforce that ban, but more than a dozen states, including Texas, still effectively detain people for not paying what they owe.
Texas judges can already opt for an alternative to jail for people who can't pay their tickets and fines, but they rarely do so, allowing community service in just 8 percent of cases last year and waiving the fines in half that amount, according to the judicial council. Under the current legislation — the state Senate and state House passed similar measures — judges would be required to ask in court about a person's ability to pay a ticket and to present alternatives to those who can't.
State Sen. Judith Zaffirini, a Democrat from Laredo who authored their chamber's version of the bill, said it was “of extreme importance for low-income people” that the changes become law.
“If a person can't pay, it spirals from a low-level to high-level problem,” said Zaffirini, noting that people often lose their jobs during such jail stints.
The judicial council's executive director, David Slayton, also supports the proposed changes, which they said would encourage people to pay their tickets in installments or perform community service. Most people who don't pay their tickets also don't appear for their court dates, but the legislation would require judges to send notices that offer alternatives to paying in full and that serve as warnings before an arrest warrant is issued.
“Our belief is that people don't go to court because they think they'll automatically get jail time if they can't pay,” said Slayton.
Marc Levin, who heads the Center for Effective Justice and Right on Crime for the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a conservative think tank based in Austin, said the changes would save taxpayers the expense of jailing so many people.
“This is consistent with our views of personal responsibility and limited government,” said Levin.
But Republican state Sen. Paul Bettencourt, who voted against the measure, said it did not adequately consider “personal responsibility” and that it provided too much leeway for judges to completely waive fines.
“Current law already allows a court to work with indigent defendants who are truly unable to pay court imposed fines,” said Bettencourt, a Houston Republican.
Abbott has until June 18 to sign or veto the bills, or they can do nothing and automatically allow them to become law.
Phil Telfeyan, who heads the Equal Justice Center, cautioned that even if the Texas bills become law, they may not be enough because he's seen judges throughout the country fail to honor such statutes.
“The Supreme Court has spoken clearly, but ultimately it's a question of compliance around the country,” they said. “Ultimately it's up to the judges.”
___
Follow Meredith Hoffman on Twitter at https://twitter.com/merhoffman
When Sixers owner Josh Harris sat behind a podium at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine on May 14 and told the world that he'd hired then-Rockets assistant general manager Sam Hinkie to run their franchise, it represented a stunning about-face for the organization. In the course of a month, Doug Collins and the Doug Collins Philosophy of Basketball -- the 76ers' face and animating force the previous three seasons -- had been repudiated with breathtaking swiftness. With a single hire, an organization that was as mired in traditional thinking as any in the sport had suddenly and completely devoted itself to a bold new pursuit: mastering the science of winning basketball games.
Hinkie, a Daryl Morey acolyte who quietly made a name for themselves in league circles as perhaps the most probabilistic thinker in a singularly rational Houston front office, threw down the gauntlet almost immediately. On draft night, in their first meaningful move as general manager, Hinkie traded their best player (or at least the player widely believed to be their best) in exchange for a significantly more valuable asset: a future. In return for Jrue Holiday, the rookie GM landed Nerlens Noel (the consensus No. 1 prospect in the run-up to the 2013 draft), a top-five protected pick in 2014 that's likely to wind up in the lottery and substantially improved odds of gaining a top selection with their team's own pick in the same heralded draft. The move was a game-changer.
Though Hinkie has denied the trade was a function of the dim view advanced metrics take of Holiday (“A, I wouldn't disparage [Holiday] and B, I think he's good and he'll do a good job in New Orleans this year,” they told me before the season) it strains credulity, given Hinkie's background and values, to think that it's merely a coincidence that the point guard they traded is a poor player by measure of these stats while the one they drafted (Michael Carter-Williams) was comparatively an analytic darling. The trade drew a bright red line in the sand: It was the beginning of a new era of player evaluation in Philadelphia.
Since a shocking 3-0 start, Evan Turner and the Sixers are 3-12. AP Photo/Chris Szagola
The stark changes have extended to in-game strategy, as well. The 76ers' shot charts between this season and last don't look anything alike. A Philadelphia team that, under Collins, led the NBA in 16- to 23-foot shots in 2012-13 with 24 a game (deepening the self-inflicted wound, the team was only 28th in field goal percentage from this range), now leads the league in attempts from within 5 feet of the basket and places 12th in 3-pointers attempted.
When asked how conscious the decision to move away from the midrange game was, Hinkie was blunt. “Conscious,” they said with a smirk. “I don't have a good scale for degrees of consciousness, but it's something our coaches have focused on.”
And while up-tempo basketball has become something of an analytic shibboleth, the previously sluggish Sixers are leading the NBA in pace of play, using 102 possessions per 48 minutes, almost 10 more per game than they used in 2012-13.
Philadelphia's data mining is still in its nascent stages, too. The Sixers were one of the first 15 subscribers to SportVU, the camera systems that capture player movement and turn it into actionable data, and have since been installed in every NBA arena. While the organization has been tight-lipped about how precisely this intel influences its X's and O's, Hinkie admits to being an enthusiast, and one of the earliest adopters, of the technology. “We [in Houston] were customer zero,” they told a group of bloggers at an October breakfast.
“It's like a lot of competitive environments,” they said of the NBA. “There's an advantage, and then it goes away quickly. But that doesn't mean there aren't new ones. You have to find new ones.”
And so the Sixers have. One of these “new ones” is centered in the growing discipline of sports science. The team is a client of Catapult Technology, a company started by a pair of scientists from the Australian Institute of Sport that uses GPS sensors to track and record player movement during practice. Catapult purports to help teams individualize exercise schedules and reduce injury rates. “Every player has worn it every day I've been here,” Hinkie said. “It can allow you to dial up or down practice intensity or dial up or down conditioning for each player.” Philip Skiba, a sports scientist who studies the benefits of highly individualized training, maintains that endurance athletes can get as much as a 25 percent performance boost from programs like Catapult.
The team's methodical approach to training is complemented by a new and unique emphasis on nutrition. While the players don't have strictly individualized diets prescribed to them by the team, they are grouped into several nutritional tiers based on their body-mass index and body fat percentage.
Lavoy Allen, who admitted that he's on the lowest tier, joked after a recent game he's just allowed to have “water and leaves off trees” at this point. “It's pretty specific,” the third-year forward added. “Even when we travel, we get a paper in our room on what we can eat and what we have to stay away from.” The veteran said that, in seasons past, it was a relative culinary free-for-all. “[I was] ordering burgers at 2 o'clock on the morning. Thank God for 24-hour room service.”
It's important to emphasize that these aren't merely directives that are ordered from on high, then carried out by puzzled and skeptical foot soldiers. Both the emphasis on fitness and nutrition have the full-throated support of the coach Hinkie hired, Brett Brown, and the staff the organization built around him. Everyone in Philadelphia is pulling in the same direction.
Brown worked closely with the Australian Institute of Sport during their time as coach of the country's national team and spoke glowingly of its methods after they were hired to lead the 76ers. “You look at cutting-edge technology that comes out of sports science and the [Australian] Institute of Sport is among the leaders around the world, very globally recognized as cutting edge ... My main influence is what went on at the Olympics and at the Institute of Sport and my earlier days [in Australia].” During Brown's stint in San Antonio, the Spurs became one of the first NBA teams to start using Catapult.
Brown's staff is like-minded, brought in from organizations that are among the most forward thinking in the sport. Chad Iske and Vance Walberg came over from Denver, Lloyd Pierce from the Grizzlies and Billy Lange from a Villanova basketball program that places a premium on science. This isn't an accident, Hinkie explained. “We've come from similar environments,” the GM said. “Our coaches all come from environments where they value [analytic thinking], and that's why they're here. ... This is natural for a lot of people in our office. Because of where they've been. Because of what they've been doing.”
Philadelphia's scientific bent can seem academic at first blush, but on closer inspection it looks more like good, old fashioned common sense. Winning basketball requires, at its most basic level, great players to be in great shape and play in a great scheme. The Sixers are simply using the best facts available to get an edge in each of these areas.
It will take time, though. Maybe even years before the machine Hinkie has built starts churning out championship-caliber teams, but that's fine. Hinkie and the Sixers are willing to wait. Waiting itself might be part of the plan.
“If you're thinking about how you're going to win the game tonight, that makes three million of us,” Hinkie said. “[But] if one of your goals is, ‘How are we going to do this eight years out, or nine years out, or four years out, or 30 years out?' you might be the only person in the world focused on that. It might be a tournament of one rather than a tournament of three million.”
The future is now in Philadelphia. Contention? Well, that might have to wait.
REDDING, Calif. - A 7-month-old baby was saved when fishermen pulled the child and their mother out of the Sacramento River, Friday morning.
According to Redding Police officials, officers responded to a medical assist call around 11:15 a.m. in the area of Park Marina Drive under the Cypress Avenue Bridge. The caller reported finding the child and their mother floating in the river.
When medical aid arrived they transported the 7-month-old baby to Mercy Medical Center where they were stabilized and then flown to UC Davis. The baby is expected to make a full recovery.
Officials reported that when the fishermen pulled the pair out of the river the baby was not breathing and extremely cold. One boat passenger, David Meister, 61, of Livermore, provided CPR to the baby and was able to revive them Redding police said that without the fishermen the mother and child would have both died.
The fishermen on scene told KRCR that they had caught their best catch of the day and were glad both of them were okay.
During the interview with the mother, Kathyrn Marie Thompson, 37, police said they admitted to entering and trying to cross the Sacramento River with their 7-month-old baby girl. Thompson admitted to knowing the dangers of their actions but was listening to voices in their head.
Thompson was booked into the Shasta County Jail for felony child endangerment and attempted murder.
Music artist Kesha took to the Internet on Sunday to add yet another chapter to the story of their legal struggle to break free of their Sony contract.
In a post on their Instagram page, Kesha delivered a surprising message that alleges conditions of a potential backroom deal regarding their freedom to record music independently.
"So. I got offered my freedom if I were to lie," wrote Kesha. "I would have to APOLOGIZE publicly and say that I never got raped. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS behind closed doors. I will not take back the TRUTH."
so. I got offered my freedom IF i were to lie. I would have to APOLOGIZE publicly and say that I never got raped. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS behind closed doors. I will not take back the TRUTH. I would rather let the truth ruin my career than lie for a monster ever again. A photo posted by Kesha (@iiswhoiis) on Apr 3, 2016 at 10:38am PDT
Kesha doesn't mention exactly who the deal would be with and what the specific terms would be other than those mentioned, but the inference is pretty clear to anyone who has followed the case.
"I would rather let the truth ruin my career than lie for a monster ever again," Kesha continued.
The rape Kesha refers to is at the center of the case, as Kesha has accused Dr. Luke, the operator of Sony Music's Kemosabe Records, to which they are signed, of rape and abuse.
Previously, a Manhattan Supreme Court judge ruled that Kesha would be able to record music for Sony without the involvement of Dr. Luke, but the artist's attorney nevertheless likened the arrangement to "slavery."
Dr. Luke continues to maintain their innocence regarding the rape allegation, with a representative for the producer telling Mashable last month, "The Court repeatedly stated Kesha was already free to record without Dr. Luke, and that they had not presented any facts supporting them claims. That's because all the evidence — including Kesha's own sworn testimony – show their allegations are false."
Kesha's legal team is currently appealing the ruling that keeps them in the Sony contract.
UPDATED: 8:35 p.m. ET: Following Kesha's Instagram post, Dr. Luke's legal team gave Mashable the following statement:
"Kesha's Instagram posting is false. The Court repeatedly stated Kesha is already free to record without Dr. Luke, and that they had not presented any facts supporting them claims. That's because all the evidence — including Kesha's own videotaped sworn testimony — show their allegations are false. The only thing Kesha is not free to do is to continue to lie about Dr. Luke through publicity stunts and outrageous smears, ignoring the fact that by their own free will they went to work and entered new contracts with Dr. Luke years after this ‘incident' supposedly happened. Them goal all along has been solely personal enrichment by seeking to break contracts that brought their success and millions so they can enter into more lucrative ones. We look forward to our day in court holding Kesha accountable for them lies."
UPDATE: 10:48 p.m. ET: When contacted by Mashable, a representative from Sony declined to comment.
Additional reporting by Emily Blake
