Image caption Ransomware was less popular than breaches involving stolen credentials or the theft of cash
Insurance claims for data breaches are being made at a rate of more than one a day, figures from CFC Underwriting suggest.
The firm said that in 2016 it had handled more than 400 claims on cyber-breach policies it had issued.
The main types of attack being claimed for were privacy breaches and the theft of cash, it said.
The massive amount of stolen data shared online was driving many attacks, said the firm.
No recovery
Claims on CFC policies were up 78% on 2015, said Graeme Newman, chief innovation officer at the underwriter.
"About 90% of our claims by volume are from businesses with less than £50m in revenue," they said, adding that a "disproportionate" number of claims were being made by British firms.
"This is largely down to the fact that on the whole, UK businesses have a lower level of security maturity than their US counterparts," they said.
Ransomware, in which data is encrypted unless victims pay cash to a hacker to unscramble it, was behind 16% of the claims filed with CFC, putting it third behind data breaches and theft, they added.
Mr Newman also pointed out that the major breaches seen in 2016, which have seen huge amounts of login details stolen and shared, was starting to be used much more frequently.
These "phantom breaches" and account takeovers were proving tempting for criminal hackers, said Mr Newman.
"They are going after the low-hanging fruit," they said.
Cyber-breach claim categories Privacy breach 31% Financial loss 22% Ransomware 16% Malware/viruses 7% Website attacks 5% Unauthorised access 5% Business interruptions 4% Other 10% Source: CFC Underwriting
Cyber-insurance was becoming necessary to help firms cope with the volume of attacks they faced every day, they said.
"It's now become more of an incident response service that pays all the costs associated with that," they said. "You ring up the insurer and they get people in to help."
Many insurance firms now had security, data forensics, incident response and PR firms on call to help respond when a claim is filed, they said.
Some also employed experts who had experience negotiating with kidnappers and can advise about the best way to deal with ransom and extortion demands.
The insurance policies were proving popular, said Paul Delbridge, a partner at professional services network PWC, who has studied the market, because the costs associated with investigating and fixing a breach were potentially so high.
"It can be incredibly expensive to work out what was stolen and remediate," they said.
In the UK, most policies were for a few million pounds, said Mr Delbridge, and the highest cover that firms can buy is for £25m. In the US, the highest policies cover about $100m (£80m).
The cyber-breach policies were particularly attractive to smaller firms which cannot afford to staff and run a large internal security unit, they added.
"Not investing in your cyber-defences is very risky because if there's a material breach it becomes a very public event and often the PR fallout is such that the business never really recovers," they said.
Obama administration moves to freeze lawsuit challenging spying programs
By Eric London
13 January 2014
In a motion filed in the District Court for the District of Columbia on January 8, the Obama administration acted to prevent the release of information that would further expose the extent of its unconstitutional spying programs directed against the entire population of the United States and much of the rest of the world.
The motion to stay the proceedings comes less than a month after District Court Judge Richard Leon ruled against the Obama administration in Klayperson v. Obama, calling the surveillance programs “almost Orwellian” and declaring that they most likely violated the Fourth Amendment ban on unreasonable searches and seizures.
The suit was filed in the aftermath of the revelations made public last year by whistle-blower Edward Snowden. Although Judge Leon ruled against the government by granting the plaintiffs a preliminary injunction and thereby ordering a halt to the government's collection of their telephone metadata, they simultaneously ordered a stay on their own ruling, pending deliberation by the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Noting “the significant national security issues at stake,” Judge Leon's stay of their own order means that the government can legally continue its surveillance and storage of telephone metadata while the preliminary injunction is under appeal.
But the Obama administration is pressing for the district court to further restrict the impact of its ruling. Last Wednesday's motion urges Judge Leon to freeze “all proceedings” in the trial until the Court of Appeals rules on the preliminary injunction. The motion requests that the court prevent the release of any information to the plaintiffs or the public on the grounds that public knowledge of the surveillance programs poses a threat to national security.
It thoroughly exposes President Obama's talk of making the mass spying programs “more transparent.” In its language and legal content, the motion bears the badge of a police state.
“Plaintiffs' challenges to the conduct of these programs could well risk or require disclosure of highly sensitive information about the intelligence sources and methods involved—information that the Government determined was not appropriate for declassification when it publicly disclosed certain facts about these programs” the motion reads.
“Further litigation of this issue,” it asserts, “could risk or require disclosure of classified national security information, such as whether Plaintiffs were the targets of or subject to NSA intelligence-gathering activities, confirmation or denial of the identities of the telecommunications service providers from which NSA has obtained information about individuals' communications, and other classified information about the scope and operational details of the challenged programs.”
Translated into plain English, this statement amounts to a claim by the Obama administration that the public has no right to any information on the extent of the spying programs.
The motion states outright that any disclosure poses an “exceptionally grave damage to national security,” noting that “even if the mere collection of information about Plaintiffs' communications constitutes a Fourth Amendment search, conclusively resolving the reasonableness of that search ultimately could risk or require disclosure of exceptionally sensitive and classified intelligence information regarding the nature and scope of the international terrorist threat to the United States, and the role that the NSA's intelligence-gathering activities have played in meeting that threat .”[Emphasis added.]
In other words, as far as the Obama administration is concerned: (1) The Fourth Amendment does not apply to the collection of metadata because such collection does not amount to a search; (2) Even if the collection is considered a search, the courts have no right to review whether it is “reasonable” because “conclusively resolving the reasonableness of that search ultimately could risk or require disclosure of exceptionally sensitive and classified intelligence information.”
This legal rationale has been employed before in the service of protecting “state secrets” of war crimes or constitutional violations from reaching the public, but its use here is nonetheless an exposition of the anti-democratic character of the Obama administration's spying programs. Far from being used to protect the population from the vague threat of “terrorism,” the programs are repressive mechanisms to monitor and track the lives and political sympathies of hundreds of millions of people in the US and around the world, the details of which must be kept from the targets of the surveillance.
These assertions blow the cover off of the claims by the Obama administration that it favors public “debate” on the surveillance programs. The political establishment asserts that any “debate” on the constitutionality of the programs must take place within the framework of determining the correct “balance” between national security and democratic rights, and in the absence of any of the facts related to the true nature of the programs.
But the Fourth Amendment of the US Constitution contains no “national security” exception. It states clearly that “the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause…”
The legal content of last Wednesday's motion is a further indication that the American ruling class sees the US Constitution and its Bill of Rights as obstacles to the maintenance of its position of wealth and privilege.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Credit: WWE.com
Could we see legendary WCW star Bill Goldberg at next year's WrestleMania pay-per-view? Per a recent report, it is a very real possibility.
In this week's Wrestling Observer Newsletter (subscription required), Dave Meltzer writes that the star is open to doing a match. It just depends on whether WWE can make the now-retired wrestler the right financial offer. Per Meltzer: "Bill Goldberg definitely has interest in doing WrestleMania 31 if the right deal can be made. That was also the deal last year and no deal was made, because he's not coming cheap. He's kept themselves in shape, training almost daily at their Muay Thai gym, although he'll be 48 by next year's Mania."
Goldberg, of course, had a rather mediocre run with WWE the early 2000s.
It's safe to say that Vince McMahon and their bookers didn't truly grasp the nature and appeal of their super-tough and serious character.
Credit: WWE.com
Never was this better illustrated than in the truly horrendous backstage segment in which Goldberg interacted with comedy act Goldust, which culminated in the former WCW champion trying on one of their new friend's wigs.
Yes, you read that correctly. And there's footage, too!
Rather than wisely scrubbing the clip from history and hiding its shame, WWE is so proud of the skit that it has put the skit on its official YouTube channel for the entire world to see.
Honestly, it was a minor miracle the star didn't quit the company on the spot and run all the way to the airport in a frenzied state after they saw that in the script. Who would have blamed him? Even now, I bet if you asked them about the clip, he'd claim it was CGI'd or filmed with a look-alike.
Never mind the shark—the Goldberg character jumped SeaWorld there.
Credit: WWE.com
No wonder he's eager to come back for one more match. He's probably keen to obliterate the memories of that dreadfulness from the minds of fans.
Here's hoping WWE attempts to get the most out of the star's return, assuming they do ink a deal for WrestleMania 31, and doesn't do something stupid like, say, put them in a wig-on-a-pole match with Goldust.
(Wait, I've just given Vince an idea, haven't I?)
Dubai, UAE and Armonk, NY - 07 Jun 2016: IBM (NYSE: today announced that it has signed a ten-year technology services agreement with Emirates Airline worth approximately US$300 million. IBM will provide IT Infrastructure delivered as a service, allowing the airline to improve efficiency on its passenger support systems and functions. (NYSE: IBM allowing the airline to improve efficiency on its passenger support systems and functions.
The agreement provides fully managed services for the IBM mainframe and storage that will help Emirates encrypt data in near real-time. Additionally, the platform allows the airline to build new apps that will support the API Economy - a commercial exchange of business functions, capabilities, or competencies as services packaged in APIs.
Emirates also collaborated with IBM earlier this year to enhance its Passenger Service System (PSS). IBM technology and services will allow Emirates to re-design its business processes and streamline airport operations.
By moving its IT Infrastructure delivery into a managed services model, the airline will benefit from improved business application performance, resilience, scalability, an agile service delivery model, and significant operational savings.
Emirates has run its ticketing and reservations system on the IBM mainframe for more than 30 years. IBM's z Systems is the foundation for all of the airline's mission critical data and transactions.
z Systems technology has enabled Emirates Airline to process ultra-high volumes of real-time business transactions including flight reservations, inventory, check-in, ticketing, and flight information. Emirates Airline has selected IBM technology to provide its travellers with the benefit of reliable, secure ticketing and gate information when and where they need it, anywhere in the world.
About Emirates:
Established in 1985, Emirates flew its first routes out of Dubai with just two aircraft. Today, Emirates Airline is the world's largest airline in terms of international traffic, with a fleet of more than 250 aircraft.
About IBM:
For more information about IBM travel and transportation industry expertise, please visit www.ibm.com/industries/traveltransportation/
For more information about IBM Infrastructure Services, please visit: ibm.com/services
Wizard is a video game created in 1980 for the Atari Video Computer System (later renamed the Atari 2600) by Chris Crawford while working for Atari, Inc. The game was not advertised or released by Atari. Wizard uses a 2K ROM, the last Atari 2600 game developed by Atari with less than 4K.[1] Wizard was eventually released as part of the Atari Flashback 2 package in 2005.
Gameplay [ edit ]
The player is a wizard from Irata (Atari spelled backwards) and battles imps in a maze. It's not a symmetric battle: the player is faster than the enemy, but the enemy can go through walls and fire faster than the player can. There is no need to aim, as the angle of the player's fire is automatically sent in the direction of the enemy. The enemy remains invisible when it is behind a wall. It also has heart beat audio, which becomes louder as the player gets closer to the enemy.
Production [ edit ]
The production of Wizard is detailed extensively in the book Chris Crawford on Game Design. Crawford wanted to write software for the new Atari home computers, but Atari management required developers for the system to create an Atari VCS game first.
Wizard was never released for the Atari VCS. It was first released on the Atari Flashback 2, 25 years after it was written. Its developer, Chris Crawford, was not even told about Wizard's eventual release on the Flashback 2, and learned about it in an email from a fan.[citation needed] Crawford's original prototype did not contain a two-player mode, but the game released with the Atari Flashback 2 does.
Comedian Amer Zahr's upcoming documentary challenges how the last Census classified Arab-Americans–as white–in the hopes that the next one will be different. But he's not the only one who believes the nation's decennial count misclassifies or just plain erases their identities. According to AJA, Hispanics comprise 90 percent of the 20 million individuals who, during the 2010 Census, checked “some other race.” Capturing how Americans increasingly do (or don't) identify themselves matters as the Census determines everything from the apportionment of congressional districts to the distribution of $400 billion in federal aid programs and the enforcement of civil rights laws.
In order to decrease the millions of Americans now checking the “other” box then, according to a recent New York Times article, the Census is beginning to test new categories ahead of the 2020 count. It's considering adding a Middle East/North Africa category (although, some folks are fine with “white”) and perhaps combining the separate Hispanic and race questions into one. (For early results on that combination experiment, check this March Pew article.) Proposed changes are due to Congress by 2017.
Duncan Watmore is expected to miss the remainder of the season after undergoing knee surgery.
The news comes as a bitter blow for the 22-year-old who missed the last six months of the 2016-17 season, as well as the start of the current campaign, while recovering from the first injury which they picked up in December 2016.
After returning against Preston North End in September, Watmore featured regularly under Simon Grayson and re-established themselves as a key member of the first-team squad, but once again their involvement has been curtailed by a cruel twist of fate.
Speaking to safc.com, Chris Coleman confirmed the news before wishing Watmore a speedy recovery.
"This season probably won't happen for him,” admitted the Sunderland manager.
"I told Duncan on Sunday, if it's bad news then the worst thing you can do is put a time on it, but he'll be chasing time as he'll want to be back."
They continued: "Life is frustrating sometimes as he's desperate to play football and desperate to play for Sunderland.
“He's worked so hard to get back, he's such a bright player, so to lose a player like them was a big blow to everybody.
“He had surgery today so it's as we feared and it'll be another long one for him, but forget me and forget us, he's a young man with a real good career ahead of them and he's a good guy who loves their football.
“He'll be devastated and we have to take care of him, however long it takes, and he'll be back I'm sure about that.”
Jason Seiler/CNET
What do you get for the US president who has everything? According to one report, the perfect present might be a wanted man who's living in Russia to avoid being tried on charges of espionage and theft.
Russia is considering sending Edward Snowden back to the US as a gift for President Donald Trump, NBC reported Friday. The report cites an unnamed senior US official who's reviewed US intelligence about the matter.
In 2013, Snowden, a former NSA contractor, gave journalists a cache of classified documents about surveillance programs run by the US and its allies. Snowden has lived in Russia since then and says they would face a "show trial" if they returned to the US. In September, Snowden and their legal team launched a campaign to get them pardoned.
For their part, Trump has called Snowden a spy and a traitor. As early as 2013, Trump claimed that if they were president, they would have already gotten Snowden back in the US.
Snowden's lawyer, the Russian Embassy in the US and the White House didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. On Friday, Snowden wrote on Twitter that the NBC report proved they never gave US secrets to Russia, as Trump and others have claimed.
"No country trades away spies, as the rest would fear they're next," Snowden wrote.
AT&T Mobility, Sprint and an unnamed third wireless carrier will partner with Cox Business and InSite Wireless Group on a new distributed antenna system to beef up wireless connectivity at the Las Vegas Convention Center ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show in January.
The companies have been working on the upgrade for the past 18 months to increase the number of Wi-Fi access points in the 3.2 million-square-foot convention center from 166 to 2,100. The access points will be backed by a 10 gigabit-per-second fiber connection provided by Cox Business.
“We've been deploying advanced technologies at the Las Vegas Convention Center for more than two years,” said Derrick Hill, VP of Cox Business and Hospitality Network, in a statement. “Now, with the support of our partners at InSite, our neutral host DAS will help ensure wireless carriers can provide their customers faster service and improved coverage, enhancing the overall convention center experience for attendees and exhibitors.”
“We're excited to join this project to make sure our customers have an exceptional wireless experience at one of the busiest convention centers in the world,” a Sprint representative told RCR Wireless News.
Sprint says it will build its own base stations, which will connect to the convention center's DAS and “work with InSite to review the performance of the DAS throughout their build process and then on an ongoing basis once it's live.”
The new DAS is expected to “markedly improve” capacity and reliability of service, giving attendees of CES and other major conventions held in Las Vegas better access to mobile services.
Cox Business was awarded a seven-year contract in 2013 from the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority after they promised to invest $9.5 million to provide wired high-speed Internet networking services and equipment, wired voice services, private network options, Wi-Fi based wireless Internet services and TV services.
“The trade show floor becomes a mobile office for many of our attendees making reliable cellular service critical,” said Terry Jicinsky, SVP of operations at LVCVA. “By upgrading the DAS, the Las Vegas Convention Center continues to enhance the customer experience.”
InSite Wireless Group currently operates more than 20 DAS and small cell projects in convention centers, casinos, airports, sports stadiums and transit systems across the country. The full build out of the 2,100 access points is expected to be complete by the end of next year. Once completed, the LVCC DAS is expected to have the capacity of 14 macro sites.
NASA's Cassini spacecraft watched clouds of methane moving across the far northern regions of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, on Oct. 29­­­­ and 30, 2016.
› DOWNLOAD VIDEO Summer Clouds on Saturn's Moon Titan
Several sets of clouds develop, move over the surface and fade during the course of this movie sequence, which spans 11 hours, with one frame taken every 20 minutes. Most prominent are long cloud streaks that lie between 49 and 55 degrees north latitude. While the general region of cloud activity is persistent over the course of the observation, individual streaks appear to develop then fade. These clouds are measured to move at a speed of about 14 to 22 miles per hour (7 to 10 meters per second).
There are also some small clouds over the region of small lakes farther north, including a bright cloud between Neagh Lacus and Punga Mare, which fade over the course of the movie. This small grouping of clouds is moving at a speed of about 0.7 to 1.4 miles per hour (1 to 2 meters per second).
Time-lapse movies like this allow scientists to observe the dynamics of clouds as they develop, move over the surface and fade. A time-lapse movie can also help to distinguish between noise in images (for example from cosmic rays hitting the detector) and faint clouds or fog.
In 2016, Cassini has intermittently observed clouds across the northern mid-latitudes of Titan, as well as within the north polar region -- an area known to contain numerous methane/ethane lakes and seas see PIA19657 and PIA17655. However, most of this year's observations designed for cloud monitoring have been short snapshots taken days, or weeks, apart. This observation provides Cassini's best opportunity in 2016 to study short-term cloud dynamics.
Models of Titan's climate have predicted more cloud activity during early northern summer than what Cassini has observed so far, suggesting that the current understanding of the giant moon's changing seasons is incomplete.
The mission will continue monitoring Titan's weather around the 2017 summer solstice in Titan's northern hemisphere.
The movie was acquired using the Cassini narrow-angle camera using infrared filters to make the surface and tropospheric methane clouds visible.
The Cassini mission is a cooperative project of NASA, ESA (the European Space Agency) and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado.
For more information about the Cassini-Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov and http://www.nasa.gov/cassini. The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org.
News Media Contact
Preston DychesJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-7013preston.dyches@jpl.nasa.gov2016-289
Apple has sent out invites for its next big event on September 12th, where the company is expected to reveal the next iPhone, along with updates to the Apple Watch, Apple TV, and iOS software.
Apple is widely expected to announce three new iPhones at the event: a next-generation iPhone 8 model with an edge-to-edge OLED display and a new 3D face-scanning camera, according to earlier reports in Bloomberg; and updated versions of the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with wireless charging. Additionally, the company is rumored to have a new 4K Apple TV in the works, along with Apple Watches that could feature LTE connectivity.
And per usual, the company is also likely to release final version of its new iPhone and Mac software around the time of this event. Apple first announced the iOS 11 and High Sierra software in June of this year, at its annual developers conference, but it's been rolling it out in phases to app developers.
The September 12 event invitation doesn't reveal much in the way of a teaser. It simply says, “Let's meet at our place,” a reference to the fact that this is the first event Apple is hosting in the Steve Jobs Theater on its new Apple Park campus in Cupertino. We'll presumably find out more on September 12th.
Seattle's tallest five buildings may be eclipsed by a 94-story edifice planned by a Miami developer, Crescent Heights.
A Miami developer's plan to build a record-high skyscraper in downtown Seattle was scaled back from 101 stories to merely 94. Still, at 1,029 feet, the tower would dwarf every building in Seattle by nearly 100 feet.
Here are Seattle's five tallest skyscrapers, starting at the top.
♦ For more than 30 years, the 76-story Columbia Center tower has been Seattle's tallest building, reaching 937 feet into the sky. Completed in 1985 by developer Martin Selig, the tower was recently sold to Hong Kong investors. In 1995, a medical student parachuted from the building, but the jump didn't go well. The wind twice slammed them into the side of the building, and they took a rough landing on a lower roof. They fractured their skull in the jump, but survived.
♦ At 55 stories and 772 feet, 1201 Third Avenue is the second-tallest building in Seattle. The tower, which was known for much of its life as the Washington Mutual building, was constructed in 1988. The tower sold for nearly $550 million in 2012. For many years, the WAMU building played host to Seattle's most-stimulating soap opera. Rare peregrine falcons began nesting and raising their young on a WAMU perch in 1994. The baby falcons even got their own web cam. Unfortunately, their lives were filled with tragedy. In 1994, the mother of three peregrine falcons crashed and died. The chicks had to be rescued. In 2008, several chicks were killed when their brains were attacked by bacteria.
♦ The Two Union Square building was competed in 1989 with 56 floors and 740 feet of vertical rise. Apple is rumored to be one of its most recent tenants.
♦ The city of Seattle owns the fourth-tallest building in the region: Seattle Municipal Tower rises to 722 feet. The city purchased the 62-floor building in 1996.
♦ Seattle's tallest building until 1985 (it was surpassed by Columbia Center) was Safeco Plaza. Its 50 stories ascend 630 feet from ground level.
Don't put anything in writing. Because then you have plausible deniability.
One thing about Trump, he's proven to be surrounded by third-rate attorneys who are really henchmen, lawyers that would be disbarred if their activities ever came to light.
And now we have Dylan Howard and Jon Fine of American Media extorting Jeff Bezos in print, as if they've got no idea how the world works, never mind the law.
This is what happens when you're drunk with power, when you serve those with agendas in the world of gotcha, believing if they're the biggest bully they will always win.
That's not only David Pecker, but Donald Trump.
Oh, don't get your knickers in a twist. Trump doesn't believe in sunlight, no tax returns, no information on the most powerful man in America, just the way they like it. And when he's squeezed, they squeal. And isn't it interesting the only person who can really get their goat is Nancy Pelosi, a woman.
Now if you've been paying attention for the past few years, you know that Nancy Pelosi is an over-the-hill, ineffective hack out of touch with America. That's how the Republicans and right wing press have depicted them It's a veritable war of words, with the Democrats historically playing defense. To the point where when Elizabeth Warren and AOC play offense traditional Democrats decry them, playing into the Republicans' hands.
But then Pelosi maneuvers themselves into the Speaker gig and it turns out that unlike the President, they know how to play the game, they even run circles around Chuck Schumer. Because she's willing to dress up nice but still throw a punch, without looking like she's even losing control. Sure, Republicans still hate her, but Democrats who bought into the right wing's depiction of them no longer do.
It's a veritable club I tell you, the politicians and the news media. Same faces, owed favors. And we never know what's really going on.
Which is why it's so great that Jeff Bezos published their story on Medium.
They Own the “Washington Post.” They could act like a dictator and insist they include their words. But they could see the negative effect of that, they don't want to tarnish the “Post,” so they publish on the web.
And goes from zero to hero overnight.
We saw this with David Letterman, extorted over an affair, they exposed the situation on television, and the story no longer was about their moral failings, their duplicity, theirs stepping out on their wife, but their honesty!
Jeff Bezos acts like an adolescent, then gains their cool and plays like Jordan in the NBA Finals. Or should I say LeBron?
Bezos lays it all out, at length, and it reads like it was written by him.
Now what?
This is bad for the “Enquirer,” this is bad for Trump.
But it's good for our country.
You see this is how the world has been run for eons. Backroom dealings. You've got to know the players to know what's really going on, in all businesses.
Which is why Pelosi succeeds and Trump fails. Being a politician is a profession. The asupervisorstioned Michael Jordan proved that being the best basketball player of all time didn't make them a world class baseball player.
But those are both sports.
It's like saying Mark Spitz would be a great Senator.
Or Howard Schultz would be a great President.
Conversely, I doubt Nancy Pelosi could run Starbucks.
Then again, you or me gets caught up in a scandal and we've got no options. Peter Thiel sues Gawker out of existence and Bezos spends bucks to find out what happened at the “Enquirer.”
Meanwhile, like Manafort before him, David Pecker believes the law doesn't apply to him.
But to quote Bob Dylan:
“For them that think death's honesty
Won't fall upon them naturally
Life sometimes must get lonely”
We're all human, we're all the same, with similar desires and similar lives.
But in the era of billionaires, there's a whole coterie of wealthy people who think they're better than us.
Then again, those without cash believe money rules.
But they would be wrong, money is trumped by power.
That's what David Pecker had and has.
Fox News is not worth as much as Netflix, but it's much more powerful.
This is what insiders know.
And when you play the power game, you've got a number of cards.
Pecker believed that Bezos's ego would not allow them to have their sexual peccadilloes exposed. All the money in the world could not make Pecker and the “Enquirer” go away.
But the honesty card put a knife in the “Enquirer”‘s heart.
And the truth is, if you lay it out for all to see, they'll look.
You should now:
~~~
Visit the archive: http://lefsetz.com/wordpress/
Not many people had Matt Boyd pegged as a prospect coming into this season. They only made it as an Honorable Mention on our own Top Prospects list, but he's been looking to change that perception during the early going of the minor league season. The 23-year-old left-handed pitcher has been absolutely dominant, but the question remains on the minds of many Blue Jays fans… where did this guy come from?
Boyd's young career began at Mercer Island High School in Washington state, where they won the school's Rookie of the Year award during their first-year student season in 2006. During the following three years, Boyd took their talents off of the island and on to Eastside Catholic High School in the neighboring city of Sammamish. In their sophomore, junior and senior seasons there they stood out as a two-way star. They started as a first baseman and pitcher while batting well over .400 and striking out 172 batters over only 124 1/3 innings during their career at Eastside. Their overall athleticism was especially exemplified during their junior season, when they were named to their Metro All-Star team as both a first baseman and pitcher.
From there they moved on to Oregon State University in 2010 to continue playing both sides of the ball. During their first-year student year at OSU they had a phenomenal season on the mound. They posted a 1.90 ERA primarily as a reliever. As a hitter though, the results were not as promising. They hit an average .264 with three home runs while starting only 16 games.
While their hitting potential probably could have polished with practice, the pitching potential was just too great to ignore. They spent their next three college seasons exclusively as a pitcher and the results were very promising. They spent their sophomore season exclusively as a reliever and posted another sub-2 ERA (1.57) with a slightly below average 6.5 K/9, which was still enough to earn them a spot on the USA Baseball Collegiate National Team for the summer of 2011. They pitched again in relief the following season and, while their ERA was not as impressive, their K/9 actually increased to a much more acceptable 7.6 mark. The results got them drafted by the Cincinnati Reds during the 2012 draft, but the lure to return to school was far too great for them and, as a 13th round draft pick, the offer was also less than to their liking. They opted to not sign with the Reds and instead returned to OSU for their final year of school. As a senior, Boyd left their relief role and substantially increased their workload to finally become a full-time starter. The move paid off and Boyd gradually became the de facto ace of the staff. They ended the season with an outstanding 2.04 ERA over 132 2/3 innings while striking out 122 batters. Their sterling statistics were highlighted by their improved 8.3 K/9 ratio, which got them chosen for three different All-America teams that year.
The Blue Jays drafted them after their stand-out senior season in the 6th round of the 2013 draft and they signed for a healthy $75,000 that July. In Boyd, the Jays saw a big, durable starting pitcher who had shown the ability to mix multiple pitches effectively. The 6'3”, 215lbs. pitcher has been clocked as high as 94 MPH on their fastball, but it usually sits closer around the high 80s while scraping the low 90s. According to my colleague Jay Blue, who has seen them pitch before, they have good control with the fastball and is very capable of spotting it on the corners for strikes. They also throw a curveball that has a sharp bite as well as good two-plane movement, and a change-up that may be their least developed pitch. As for their delivery, they feature a high-leg kick, which can effect their ability to handle runners on base but also allows them to be deceptive while delivering the ball to home plate.
Although they started the minor league season late, Boyd made a strong showing for the Jays organization in Class A Lansing. They struck out 12 over 14 innings there, which earned them a late season promotion to Class Advanced A Dunedin. They initially started off strong there, pitching 4 innings of shutout relief in which they struck out 5, but they ended the season with two poor starts, including a playoff loss in which they gave up 4 runs on 2 homeruns in only 4 innings.
Small sample size or not, few were expecting much from Boyd as a pitching prospect until they started lighting up the Florida State League in the early going of the 2014 season. Boyd was not the typical low-risk, low-potential 6th round senior sign for the Blue Jays, and they have seemingly been out to prove that. They started opening day for the Dunedin Blue Jays and, over their past three starts; they have pitched 17 scoreless innings. Furthermore, their K/9 ratio of 8.5 seems to show that they are on the right track for maintaining this kind of success that supported their superb senior season at OSU. If they do, in fact, maintain this sort of success; they could be promptly placed on the fast track to Toronto while earning a quick promotion to Double A New Hampshire this season. Although eventually, the best-case scenario would be for Boyd to continue their success in a starting role on the Blue Jays; a worst-case scenario would seem to suggest that their deceptive delivery has the potential to be allowed them to be solid left-handed reliever out of the bullpen. Either way, I'm sure there will be a lot of intrigued eyes watching their next start against the Brevard County Manatees this Saturday in Viera, Florida.
The International Emmy Award-winning BBC TV series, Top Gear, is a program about cars. Though motor vehicles are not normally a topic of concern for me personally, I could not help but sit with my mouth wide open while watching this clip from a 2008 episode filmed in Alabama.
The hosts are presented with the task of sabotaging one another's cars to see just how much "attention" they can amass. What ensues next is much more than they planned for. As the host says before the project begins, there are three religions in this territory:
George Bush
God
Country & Western
Please note that I in no way, mean to insult Alabamians. I know that stereotyping any one group is dangerous and imprudent; and that of course, few citizens in the state would respond in this manner. However, the handful that they do encounter are rather astounding.
A replica of Michigan State's latest Rose Bowl ring (Photo: Special to the DFP)
MERIDIAN TWP. — Meridian Township police believe two memorabilia thefts from former Michigan State football staff members are connected.
The thefts were reported earlier this month by former MSU coach George Perles and Bob Knickerbocker, the former longtime equipment manager.
Meridan Township police Lt. Greg Frenger said the department doesn't have any suspects but believes the thefts are connected.
Knickerbocker reported on Sept. 8 the theft of about 25 rings from bowl games and other sports, plus a watch, Frenger said.
Perles lost 14 bowl rings and other jewelry when their house was broken into during the MSU-Oregon football game Sept. 12, police said.
In both cases, other valuables were untouched.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Meridian Township Police Department at 517-853-4800.
Contact Matt Mencarini at (517) 267-1347 or mmencarini@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattMencarini. The Associated Press contributed.
CLOSE USA TODAY's Capital Download Wednesday interviewed Jeff Weaver, campaign manager for Bernie Sanders, in the wake of the Vermont senator's double-digit victory in the Wisconsin primary.
Jeff Weaver, campaign manager for Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign. (Photo11: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
WASHINGTON — In the wake of Bernie Sanders' double-digit victory in the Wisconsin primary, campaign manager Jeff Weaver said Wednesday that a surprisingly strong showing by the Vermont senator in the New York primary in two weeks would disrupt the delegate math that now favors Hillary Clinton.
The home-state battle between the Brooklyn-born Sanders and Clinton, twice elected by the state to the U.S. Senate, could reset the calculations that now see them as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, Weaver told Capital Download. And they said the campaign has begun internal discussions about how to handle a contested national convention in Philadelphia in July.
"Obviously, the math is important," Weaver said, acknowledging that Clinton's campaign already describes their numerical lead in delegates as almost insurmountable. "Almost," they emphasized. "But I think too many people are discounting the sort of dynamism in a political campaign and what it means, for instance, if Hillary Clinton were to lose New York in terms of their credibility as a front-runner who's going to represent the Democratic Party in November. I think it would shake a lot of people's confidence."
Even a narrow victory of 51% or 52% "is terribly damaging to them in terms of their credibility in saying, 'I can be the person who can lead this party forward against the Republicans.' "
In recent surveys of likely New York Democratic primary voters, a CBS/YouGov Poll gave Clinton a lead of 10 percentage points, 53%-43%, and a Quinnipiac University poll a lead of 12 points, 54%-42%. Weaver noted that Sanders had been trailing in the campaign's internal polling in Wisconsin as recently as last week, and that they had been down 20 points 10 days before the Michigan primary, a contest they also won.
"Bernie Sanders closes very, very strong," Weaver said. They stopped short of predicting Sanders would win in New York, saying they "may win" but in any any case would "defy expectations" and "do very well."
Even so, Sanders faces a daunting climb for the nomination despite winning seven of the last eight contests. They have to win two-thirds of the remaining delegates to reach the 2,383 majority needed for nomination; Clinton has to win just one-third of them. "We do certainly have to win the vast majority of the states going forward, there's no doubt about that," Weaver says. "I mean, the math is what it is."
But they told USA TODAY's weekly video newsmaker series that they could see no circumstances in which Sanders would withdraw from the race before the convention in Philadelphia in July, and they suggested the Clinton camp was less confident about the path ahead than they admit.
Bernie Sanders speaks to supporters during their campaign rally in Laramie, Wyo., on April 5, 2016. (Photo11: Brennan Linsley, AP)
"I think there's a lot of frustration over there," they said, noting a video that went viral showing Clinton angrily snapping at a questioner on a rope line. "I think their whole campaign is of a similar mindset. I think they're very upset about where they are. They can't conceive that they would ever be in a position where Bernie Sanders would have won seven of the last eight contests and be within 10 points in New York, their home state. It's inconceivable to them."
The sharper tone of Democratic race was apparent in the interview.
Weaver said a front-page headline in Wednesday's New York Daily News that blasted "Bernie's Sandy Hook Shame" was "at a minimum overblown" in criticizing Sanders' vote to give gun manufacturers immunity from liability. "She's been all over the map on guns," they said of Clinton. "She does not have a consistent position on guns, and frankly if they had a different opponent they might have a different position."
They rebuffed Clinton's comment in an MSNBC interview Wednesday that Sanders, who for years has described themselves as a democratic socialist, "doesn't consider themselves to be a Democrat" — a serious barb, given that only registered Democrats can vote in the New York primary. "Who's a Democrat?" Weaver replied. "The secretary obviously was a Republican at one point, right? Something Bernie Sanders never was." (As a teenager in Illinois, Clinton was a "Goldwater girl" in 1964.)
Weaver called Sanders "a bold leader" in the tradition of FDR, a New York hero, while they described Clinton as "moderate, incrementalist, centrist" — not words they intended as compliments.
"She has moved, at least in their public stances, very, very close to Bernie Sanders during this race, you know, in an attempt to sort of cut off their support on the left," they said. "But you know were they to win this nomination, she's going to go right back to the center."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1RYxiu3
Maryland anime convention Otakon announced on Tuesday that manga artist and character designer Hiroyuki Takei and director Yuichiro Hayashi will be guests at this year's event.
Takei's manga works include Shaman King and Ultimo, both of which have been published in English by Viz Media. They also worked on Garo The Animation by assisting in character designs.
Hayashi directed the PES: Peace Eco Smile promotional web series for Studio 4°C and Toyota before moving on to direct their first full series, Garo The Animation. They previously worked on key animation for Batman: Gotham Knight and the storyboard for 009 Re:Cyborg and the Psycho-Pass movie.
Otakon will be held at the Baltimore Convention Center from July 24-26. Other guests will include Aldnoah.Zero director Ei Aoki and producers Shizuka Kurosaki and Toshiyuki Nagano, voice actor and singer Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Laura Bailey, J. Michael Tatum, and Travis Willingham.
GREENVILLE, Texas — A 24-year-old man is being held on capital murder charges in connection with the death of their five-week-old niece in Greenville.
Bail is set at $1.5 million for Deaundray Woods, who is now the Hunt County Jail. They also face a charge of abandoning or endangering a child.
The infant, Devynn Alyse McEwen, was pronounced dead early Tuesday. The Dallas County Medical Examiner is conducting an autopsy to determine how they died.
Greenville police said officers responded to a 911 call for help about an unresponsive infant shortly before 11 p.m. Monday in the 4200 block of 4th Street.
Five-week-old Devynn Alyse McEwen was found unresponsive at this residence in Greenville on February 22, 2016. They died a short time later.
WFAA obtained a copy of the 911 call made by the child's mother, Veronica Vicari. They told the 911 operator that they had left the infant in the care of Woods. They said they returned and found the child on the floor.
It is not clear if Woods was there when Vicari arrived.
On the 911 call, Vicari is clearly distraught, saying, “My baby is gone.” They also said the child was gasping for air, begging paramedics to hurry.
Several neighbors said they saw Vicari run outside screaming. The neighbors also said the child was bleeding from the ears.
Authorities said Woods fled the scene before police arrived. They were taken into custody a short time later.
Because of the child's age, Woods could face the death penalty. They declined a jail interview request.
A GoFundMe account has been set up for the baby's family to help with funeral expenses and other costs.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
On our first night in Milwaukee, we went to the site of a gas station that had been burned during the riots. Members of the community were there too, but as the night went on, many went home and those who were left were young and, in their own words, "bored."
This leaves them vulnerable to instigators from outside the community, like Nation of Islam.
Someone recognized me and my cameraman and I were threatened, but we got away safely.
Incredibly, Donald Trump is having a rally here tonight so of course we'll be covering that. Watch for my update!
PS: A lot of mainstream journalists have left the city, saying it is too dangerous.
I'm still here! See all my videos and HELP support my reporting by visiting MilwaukeeRiot.com!
The behavior of Supreme Court justices has come under increasing scrutiny. Questions have been raised, for instance, about the propriety of Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas appearing at political strategy conferences hosted by the conservative Koch brothers. Other justices' activities have also prompted concerns that the line between justice and politics is increasingly blurred.
Regardless of whether one shares fears of politicization, disputes are inevitable so long as the nation's highest court operates with almost no compulsory ethics rules to guide — or constrain — behavior. The Supreme Court, whose members are shielded with lifetime appointments, is the only entity in our government that is not subject to mandatory ethics requirements. That is why reformers are calling for the Code of Conduct that governs all other federal judges to apply to the justices. Surely it makes no sense to have lesser standards for the highest court than those in place for lower courts.
Some have asserted that Scalia and Thomas are being unfairly singled out by political opponents and that other justices' appearance at conferences and seminars are being ignored. This charge relies on a false equivalency and a misunderstanding of suggested reforms. Participation by justices in events such as educational seminars, American Bar Association conferences or even meetings sponsored by organizations with strong points of view — such as the Heritage Foundation or the ACLU — is not only permissible but actually encouraged by the code, which allows a judge to speak, write and lecture on the law, especially to law-related groups.
At the same time, the code clearly mandates the avoidance of even the “appearance of impropriety.” It requires judges to “act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.” In Canon 5 it explicitly bans involvement in “political activity” and in Canon 4 prohibits participation in “fund-raising activities” of any kind, political or otherwise. Every federal jurist except Supreme Court justices must abide by these rules.
What sets the Koch brothers' meeting apart from, say, a speech to the Federalist Society, is that the event was transparently political. The Koches' own materials have described these gatherings as featuring “plans to activate citizens” and to “change the balance of power in Congress this November,” and bragged that past “participants committed to an unprecedented level of support.” No reasonable person can doubt that this was a meeting with a fundamentally electoral purpose.
The Code of Conduct doesn't frown on ideological activity but does prohibit political activity, and that's where Scalia and Thomas crossed the line. The fact that they did so with seeming impunity demonstrates that voluntary adherence to ethical standards doesn't always work. How to enforce such a code would be the hardest question, but there are options — possibilities include adjudication by other sitting justices, retired justices, lower court judges, the judicial conference or some combination of these. Exact methods could be explored in congressional hearings.
No one questions the right of the justices to give speeches or attend meetings such as those cited in the Feb. 21 Post editorial “The justices' junkets.” They can even have travel costs reimbursed, as long as there is complete disclosure. So, if the code were applied in this way, could Stephen Breyer continue to attend the World Justice Forum? Is it ethical for Ruth Bader Ginsberg to address the American Sociological Association? Can Justice Thomas speak to law students at a session hosted and funded by the Heritage Foundation? Yes, yes and yes, as long as the meetings were not “political activity” or the justices didn't “personally participate in fund-raising activities.”
The bottom line is that if the judicial Code of Conduct becomes mandatory the number of events that would be placed off-limits is small. Meanwhile, the effect on the integrity of the court would be large. The Post's fear that reforms would force justices to “lead cloistered lives” is unfounded.
Some suspect this is an effort by progressives to tweak justices they don't like. But the Supreme Court itself effectively answered that charge in 2009. In Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co., a case that dealt with a West Virginia Supreme Court justice who ruled in favor of a corporation that had made large contributions to their campaign, the high court said that “codes of conduct serve to maintain the integrity of the judiciary and the rule of law.”
That indisputable principle ought to be applied to the same court that wrote those words.
The writer is president of Alliance for Justice, an association of liberal advocacy organizations.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Lucas Perez could be a Deportivo La Coruna player as soon as next week, according to the club's manager Pepe Mel.
As revealed by Standard Sport last month the Arsenal forward has made a return to their hometown of A Coruna their top choice in the transfer window after being made available for transfer only a year after moving to the Premier League.
Deportivo had found it difficult to match Arsenal's £13.7million (€15m) asking price and it is understood that the club are yet to improve on their £11m offer.
However such is Deportivo's desperation that president Tino Fernandez has promised the club's manager that Lucas will come back to Spain next week.
“Tino Fernandez has told me that Lucas Perez will be here next week, and they are very stubborn,” Mel said.
“I have no choice but to believe him.”
Lucas scored 17 goals in 37 appearances for the Galician side during the 2015-16 season, form that earned them a £17m move to Arsenal. However they struggled for regular opportunities at Arsenal, making only two starts in the Premier League.
Although Deportivo are eager to tie up a deal swiftly Arsenal may be inclined to wait, with the declining value of Sterling against the Euro meaning they stand to earn more for Lucas the longer they hold on to the Spanish striker.
by Brett Stevens on January 13, 2017
Meet the new media, same as the old media. You will notice that government, celebrities, social pressures and consumerism advance the same agenda as if it came from the same source:
Facebook removes hate speech, which includes content that directly attacks people based on their: Race,
Ethnicity,
National origin,
Religious affiliation,
Sexual orientation,
Sex, gender, or gender identity, or
Serious disabilities or diseases. Organizations and people dedicated to promoting hatred against these protected groups are not allowed a presence on Facebook. As with all of our standards, we rely on our community to report this content to us.
Did you think They were really a “they,” or just people responding to the market created by many democratically-empowered people doing what people in groups do, which is fearfully pick stupid easy answers over useful ones?
In fact, the problem is “we” — or in other words, what happens when a group of humans gets together and start behaving like scared monkeys who are more interested in pacifying each other Bonobo-style than finding any hard or realistic answers to any relevant question.
Notice that the above community guideline seems clear, until you realize how ambiguous it is. What does “attacks” mean? Who are “people”? Is stating a fact about an ethnic group, caste/class, race or religion an “attack” on “people,” or a comment in abstraction? Never mind: the point is to create the broadest possible standards so that you, in your quest to be popular and get famous, will not even come close to the murky edges of these amorphous guidelines.
In the meantime, we see the truth of political manipulation, which is that it is used as a means to control you and is not a serious policy the controllers apply to themselves:
In 2014, Facebook for the first time released its demographic data, and by the following year, it hadnâ€™t shown much progress in increasing the number of women, black or Latino workers. The following year, the company decided to do something more. Publicly, executives talked about expanding programs that wooed college students from a wide variety of backgrounds to intern at Facebook. Behind the scenes, the company dangled a carrot for recruiters: double points. Recruiters usually got one point for each candidate of theirs that took a job at Facebook. With the new incentive, theyâ€™d receive two points if that person was a â€œdiversity hireâ€ â€” someone who was a woman, or who was not white or Asian, according to two former recruiters.
Do as I say, not as I do, because that way I can remain functional and still punish you, subjugating you and humiliating your will and forcing you to be dependent on me.
Tags: control, diversity, facebook, hate speech, mark zuckerberg
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Health groups demand Pauline Hanson retract 'fringe' vaccination comments
Updated
Health groups say they are "utterly appalled" by Senator Pauline Hanson's comments critical of Australia's vaccination program, and are demanding Ms Hanson retract them.
Key points: Pauline Hanson labels 'no jab, no pay' policy a "dictatorship"
Australia Medical Association warns against making "fringe statements"
Mr Turnbull and Mr Shorten both reject Ms Hanson's comments
The One Nation leader described the Government's 'no jab, no pay' policy as a "dictatorship" and said parents should do their own research into vaccinations.
Senator Hanson, who says they vaccinated their own children, made the comments on Sunday morning's Insiders.
But the head of Australian Medical Association, Dr Michael Gannon, said it was time Senator Hanson started behaving responsibly.
"I'm utterly appalled by Senator Hanson's comments. They need to realise that she's a serious player in Australian politics now," Dr Gannon said.
"[With] 10 per cent of Australians indicating an intention to vote for One Nation, they can no longer make fringe statements that are dangerous to the health of the whole community.
"We know in medical science that we're never going to reach that 1 or 2 per cent of rusted on flat-earthers who don't accept the science of vaccination."
Dr Gannon said Senator Hanson's comments could have a damaging effect for less-informed Australian parents.
"What we worry a lot about is that about 8 per cent of the population are so-called vaccine hesitant, and they're looking for any information that might lead them away from what is ... probably the most important public health measure we've got," they said.
"This [is a] fatuous idea that parents can spend half an hour on Wikipedia and come to a greater understanding of the issues than their doctor and the accumulated wisdom of all the world's medical scientists is ludicrous."
Political leaders reject vaccination comments
Senator Hanson's comments provoked swift condemnation, with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Opposition Leader Bill Shorten both rejecting them.
Health Minister Greg Hunt also tweeted that vaccinations save lives.
But despite that, Senator Hanson, who's now campaigning in WA for this week's state election, has defended their remarks.
"I'm not telling people not to vaccinate their children, I'm telling people investigate it," they said.
"Just find out your information and just make sure you have the right information.
"Apparently there is a test you can get done to see if the child is allergic to the vaccination or not."
Senator Hanson has refused to distance themselves from previous remarks linking vaccines to autism, a discredited fringe conspiracy that is not supported by science.
The head of Autism Awareness Australia, Nicole Rogerson, is demanding Senator Hanson retract their comments.
"It shows just an absolute lack of knowledge to do with anything to do with childhood vaccination and autism, and I think they shouldn't comment on what they clearly don't understand," Ms Rogerson said.
"There is no link between vaccinations and autism, and any suggestion has long been discredited, but it still persists out there.
"Very vulnerable parents hear stories like that and are reluctant to vaccinate their children."
Topics: vaccines-and-immunity, health-policy, one-nation, australia
First posted
by Linda Goudsmit 8.9.17
I would like to expand upon Ruth King's brilliant article posted to their website 8.3.17.
In China The Cultural Revolution, that took place from 1966 until 1976 had a stated goal: to purge capitalism and traditional culture from Chinese society. They instituted brutal labor re-education camps. In America anxious seniors are now worried about SAT scores, interviews and essays that have to demonstrate their passions for justice and human rights and a green planet and diversity. The chief question they ask is not about the price of tuition and room and board or the required courses. They want to know if they will be happy. In late summer of 2018 they will take their trunks with their Che Guevara T shirts, torn designer jeans and grungy sneakers and ingrained ignorance off to campus. And once settled into their cushy dorms, their re-education will commence. Unless they major only in science, they will learn to despise capitalism, national cultural norms, shed all gender pronouns and identity, atone for their privileges by joining all the inviting “anti” groups that rail, riot and demand recognition, avoid reading old white authors, approach every aggression and barbarism with moral relativity, read alt-history, especially about the Middle East and Palestine. They will learn that Mao Zedong of the asupervisorstioned re-education labor camps was a progressive. – Ruth A. King
There is a Cultural Revolution taking place in America today. The stated goal: to purge capitalism and traditional American culture from society. Leftist educational curricula in schools and anti-establishment messaging via television programming (all streaming devices) deliver the dogmatic ideology of the revolution.
The Leftist re-education programming begins long before college. Pre-school educational programs with fanciful characters and talking animals are not benign. Sesame Street creatures are not advocating individual growth, independence, critical thinking skills, excellence, and the merit system which support capitalism and democracy. They are advocating group-think, dependence, passivity, mediocrity, and collectivism which prepare your children for socialism. Students already indoctrinated toward collectivism enter the university re-education programs passive, unaware, and compliant. The re-education curriculum at the university reinforces their passivity and students graduate uninformed, disinformed, and misinformed with degrees in the orthodoxy of liberalism that is tyrannical in its demand for conformity.
The graduates are now credentialed “authorities” in the social sciences who become zealous members of the Leftist echo chamber that reinforces collectivism and dominates television. The left-wing liberal narrative of political correctness, moral relativism, and historical revisionism is reflected in the programming and commercials being streamed into your household and mobile devices twenty-four hours a day. Television programming and television advertising are in the business of social engineering. They are purging capitalism and traditional culture from American society. They are selling socialism.
Their sales strategy pits subjective reality against objective reality. This is how it works.
The Leftist re-education programming presents subjective reality in televised commercials. In the real world of objective reality most families are not intermarried and every play group, luncheon, dinner table, and family picnic does not have one Asian, one white person, one black person, and one Hispanic in attendance. In the real world most couples are not homosexual, white men and women are not all idiots, and black men and women are not all judges, doctors, and lawyers. Why does television programming and commercials portray contrived fabricated scenes and plots of subjective reality instead of factual scenes and plots of objective reality to sell their products? Because they are not selling products they are re-educating America.
The radical left-wing agenda is selling socialism. They are re-educating America on television just like the schools are re-educating America in the classroom. The unreal subjective reality of the programming is intentionally confusing and creates cognitive dissonance. Cognitive dissonance is the destabilizing state of having inconsistent thoughts, beliefs, or attitudes, especially relating to behavioral decisions and attitude changes. Cognitive dissonance creates extreme stress because people seek psychological stability and consistency. The contradictory images being televised do not comport with objective reality so they threaten and destabilize the viewer's sense of what is real. Cognitive dissonance is the psychological equivalent of physical pain – people will do anything to stop it.
Democracy lives in the adult world of objective reality and facts. It embraces diversity that includes differences of opinion, protects freedom of speech, and insists upon individual personal responsibility. Socialism lives in the childish world of make-believe, subjective reality, diversity that excludes differences of opinion, restricts freedom speech, and rejects personal responsibility. The Left seeks to destroy objective reality and create social chaos. WHY?
Social chaos is the prerequisite for seismic social change and the Leftists seek to destroy American democracy and replace it with socialism. How does it work?
The medium is the message. In 1964 Marshall McLuhan explained that the medium is separate from the message and has a separate social effect upon the recipient. Television is the greatest vehicle for social engineering and mass psychological indoctrination ever invented. The images on the screen become familiar and familiarity brings acceptance. The separate social effect of television (including any screening device) is that the images are accepted as reality. For children talking animals and cartoon characters acquire authority. For older kids, adolescents, and adults the characters in the plots become reality and their fictitious lives no matter how anti-establishment become normative and acceptable. The breakdown of rules, restrictions, and cultural norms appears progressive to an adolescent but is in fact extremely regressive to an adult.
The anti-establishment strategy is to present television commercials and programming that attack established cultural norms of American family, religion, and government with destabilizing images and messages creating cognitive dissonance. By destroying the three pillars of society the Left hopes to advance its agenda of socialism. The Left advertises socialism as the structure that will provide social justice, income equality, and escape from cognitive dissonance. Socialism is advertised as the stabilizing equalizing answer to your problems. Anyone who watches television commercials knows that there is little truth in advertising. Wiping a rag across the shower door does not remove the soap scum.
The truth about Leftist diversity is that it only includes people who LOOK different not people who THINK differently. There are no conservatives invited to the luncheon or sitting at the picnic table. There is no diversity of thought. American democracy is founded on principles of equality, freedom of speech (thought), and individual rights. Socialism is collectivism and values the group over the individual. There is no social justice or income equality in socialism. In the long run socialism never works because as Margaret Thatcher said, “Eventually you run out of other people's money.”
The re-educated students and television “authorities” indoctrinating America toward collectivism should go back to school and take an actual history lesson. They should read about Che Guevara and how they helped free Cubans from the Batista regime but then enslaved them under the Castro regime. Maybe they will think twice about wearing their Che t-shirts. There is no income equality in socialism – the Castro brothers lived in splendor and the Cuban people still live in poverty. The self-righteous re-educated students should read that socialism is a stepping stone toward globalized one-world government. One-world government is the goal and underlying motive of the elite globalists who are financing the Cultural Revolution in America and fomenting the anti-establishment campaign to re-educate America.
The enthusiastic left-wing liberal lemmings committed to the re-education campaign are too arrogant to understand that they are being used as useful idiots by the globalist elite who have a different end game of their own.
Socialism with its complete government control is the prerequisite social structure for the globalist elite to internationalize sovereign countries, globalize the police force, and impose one-world government upon the world population. One-world government is the new world order that the globalist elite intend to rule themselves. It is unapologetically described in chilling detail by aristocrat Lord Bertrand Russell in their book “The Impact of Science on Society” written 65 years ago. One-world government is a binary socio-political system of masters and slaves. There is no social justice in one-world government, there is no income equality in one-world government, there are no Leftists, environmentalists, humanitarian hucksters, bullying prevention, diversity, contrived television commercials, or political agitators of any kind in one-world government – only a passive, compliant population of slaves ruled by their globalist elite masters.
President Donald Trump was elected because they believe in America first, American democracy, American sovereignty, rejects socialism, rejects globalism, and demands to live in the adult world of objective reality. President Trump's insistence upon objective reality has made them the existential enemy of the regressive Left who require subjective reality to sell socialism. President Trump's insistence upon American sovereignty has also made them the existential enemy of the corrupt establishment politicians and greedy never-Trumpers who require subjective reality to sell globalism. Re-education is the strategy that replaces objective reality with subjective reality to sell socialism and globalism to America. Re-education is the medium for the Cultural Revolution.
The Olympic torch was lit in Greece Thursday to kick off the countdown and relay to the 2016 Summer Games in Brazil, three months before the opening ceremony.
Unlike recent Olympics, the torch will not burn at a sports venue during the games, but in downtown Rio. That's because the city is using two stadiums, shining light on some major problems in the host country, reports CBS News correspondent Ben Tracy.
Video made by the Brazilian government shows Rio as a stunning and energetic city fit for the Olympic gods. But nearly seven years after it was chosen to host the Summer Games, there is a new reality in Rio.
"When Brazil was awarded the games in 2009, it was a very stable country," said Cindy Boren of the Washington Post. "And now in the interim, it has become destabilized. The president is facing impeachment."
Brazil's senate will vote next month on whether to impeach President Dilma Rousseff. Several other high-ranking politicians are also tied to a massive corruption scandal with the state-run oil company.
Zika virus forces female athletes to consider sitting out Olympics
There are also concerns about security - Brazil has multiple entry points because it shares a border with 10 other countries that experts say terrorists could exploit.
"They see that there's opportunity in loose border patrol, poor governance, corruption," said Alberto Fernandez, counterterrorism expert at the Middle East Media Research Institute. "The Islamic State and Al Qaeda are always looking for those major venues where they can make a very powerful statement."
Then there's Zika. The World Health Organization has declared it a global health emergency because it causes serious birth defects. U.S. soccer star Hope Solo still plans to compete in the games, but admitted in February that they are concerned.
"At some point, I do want to start a family and I don't want to be worried, I don't want to have those anxieties," Solo said.
Mosquitoes aren't the only pests posing a problem. Alligators have been breeding near the site of the Olympic golf course, and Rio's main Olympic waterways are so contaminated, experts say athletes are competing in the equivalent of raw sewage. One athlete believes they got flesh-eating bacteria after sailing in Rio's waters.
But the International Olympic Committee says Rio is on track to host the games. All but two of the venues are finished and after a slow start, ticket sales are finally picking up.
"We feel that the Rio 2016 team is ready to rise to these challenges and to deliver Olympic and Paralympic Games that will reflect the Brazilian warmth, the Brazilian hospitality and love for the Games," said Nawal El Moutawakel, chairperson of the IOC Coordination Commission.
It appears that Brazil will make sure the stands are full at the events. If the country does not sell enough tickets, the government may give them away to schools to fill the stadiums.
The games cost nearly $11 billion to put on -- 60 percent of which came from private donations.
Take a moment and picture the typical American union member. Who do you see?
If you think of a burly man working with their hands, perhaps on the factory line, then your conception may require updating. Today, half of American union members work for the government.
Timothy J. Minchin's new book Labor Under Fire is a history of the AFL-CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States. Minchin paints uneven and shallow portraits of its primary personalities while sloppily citing statistics that offer few apples-to-apples comparisons. Despite a sympathetic treatment, the bosses emerge as hopeless managers who have subsumed themselves into an ungrateful Democrat Party.
The challenge of any union is that their demands simultaneously threaten and yet can only be granted by the success of their members' employers. In 1955, when the AFL-CIO was formed, an unrivaled industrial sector could lavish employees with benefits. Over the coming decades, automation and foreign competition set industrial employment, though not necessarily productivity, on the decline, yet the AFL-CIO remained stubbornly wed to its historic base. The leadership tried to restore the glory days by fighting for legal changes to make unionization easier and international trade harder. They failed on both counts.
Advertisement
The AFL-CIO was reluctant to reorient itself toward a new economy. Lane Kirkland, president from 1979-1995, publicly belittled the service economy while frequently and secretly eating at non-unionized McDonald's. If you have recently ordered from an iPad or kiosk, you know that it may now be too late for the unions to organize. There is genuine cause for concern as to where jobs may exist in the future for determined members of the middle class, but the answer will almost certainly be found more readily in schools than union halls.
There was one area that did attract a disturbing rate of new unionization. Here's the kind of striking statistical mirror you won't find in the book: In 1955, 35 percent of private sector workers were in a union. Today, less than 7 percent are. In 1955, less than 6 percent of public sector workers were in a union. Today, 34 percent are. In 1955, perhaps 3 percent of union members worked in the public sector. Today, as noted, it's half.
Minchin occasionally identifies the public sector as a growth area, but they give no sense of the scale or how this might change the AFL-CIO's priorities. American politics now face a vicious cycle of unions of government employees spending millions of dollars to elect the bosses who determine their benefits at taxpayer expense.
The shift in composition of the union base helps inform why the AFL-CIO never seriously considered endorsing Donald Trump in 2016. The book ends before Trump enters the scene, but Trump's skepticism of trade and immigration are consistent with the vision laid out by the AFL-CIO as recently as 2000.
The AFL-CIO has been taken for granted by the Democrat Party: a pure analysis of interest would suggest the rare defection might make the AFL-CIO a more powerful player, not to mention hedging bets against partisan shutout. Instead, the AFL-CIO has become a Democrat Party subsidiary.
The leadership blames Ronald Reagan. Before 1981, the AFL-CIO relied on the strength of its numbers to exercise political influence over both parties, though it obviously preferred the Democrats. Reagan, who famously performed well in union households, recognized the AFL-CIO leadership as partisan players distinct from their members. When they fired the nation's illegally striking air traffic controllers, Reagan sent a message, soon replicated by the private sector, that outrageous union demands would not be tolerated.
Reagan was a problem because the AFL-CIO leaders have typically been more lobbyists than activists, focusing on D.C. access over mainstreet organizing. But they failed even with Democrat administrations and Democrat Congresses to push through favorable legislation, such as their evergreen priority of disallowing companies to replace strikers or, more recently, opening up the secret ballot in union elections through card check. Instead, the AFL-CIO had to be satisfied with small wins such as Bill Clinton ordering the removal of signs in workplaces that told workers they did not have to join a union-signs which Minchin reports unironically the AFL-CIO identified as an “extraordinary burden.”
When the AFL-CIO has engaged in activism, the results have been expensive and difficult to duplicate. The organization has only occasionally innovated, such as introducing a union credit card which allowed holders to skip three months of payments during a strike. As an umbrella organization with voluntary affiliates, the AFL-CIO actually has relatively little institutional power to compel members. Disputes over servicing existing members versus recruiting new ones have plagued the organization for decades, ultimately resulting in a defection of 40 percent of its members to an alternative federation in 2005, from which the AFL-CIO is still struggling to recover.
An entire chapter is devoted to “Solidarity Day,” a 1981 march organized sort of in response to Reagan's firing of air traffic controllers, but mostly just to protest Reagan generally, and ultimately serving as a platform for then-president Kirkland's re-election. The march is remembered fondly and proudly by interviewees, and the attendance is inflated with every page, starting with the 260,000 estimated by the National Park Service and increasing to over 500,000 with famously fuzzy crowd counting. And yet, for all the good feels about the march, it produced no results. To bolster numbers, the AFL-CIO invited every anti-Reagan group under the sun to participate, including Communists, and publicized no less than 14 “centerpiece” issues that the march was supposed to address. The Reagan administration dismissed the gathering as smaller than a recent Simon and Garfunkel concert.
But the march, aside from being totally ineffective, is symbolic of how terribly unfocused organized labor has been-all the more damning given how much trouble it has faced. Claiming the mantle of “the People's Lobby,” the AFL-CIO has pursued liberal agenda items that are tangential, if not counterproductive, to its members' interests. While the AFL-CIO controversially reasserted its neutrality on abortion in 1990, it is perfectly happy to delve into other issues. During the life-and-death struggle over NAFTA, Minchin mentions that the AFL-CIO was hesitant to work with fellow critic Ross Perot because, among other things, they opposed gun control, an issue that has precisely nothing to do with labor. By 2000, the AFL-CIO reversed its traditional opposition to immigration to better align with liberal allies, never mind the potential effect on its members' wages. In 2003, the AFL-CIO opposed the Iraq War, a position that, regardless of its independent soundness, was irrelevant to union interests.
Today, the AFL-CIO appears to exist primarily to launder union dues into the campaign war chests of Democrats who don't even deliver on the core organized labor agenda. The typical American runs across labor disputes probably only to the degree that they threaten their fall schedule of television shows or football games. Labor Day is for barbeques, not marches. And union misleadership and distraction has as much to do with labor's diminished status as economics.
Grant Starrett is a real estate executive who lives in Murfreesboro, TN. They ran for Congress in 2016. Follow them on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GrantforTN/
This article is from the archive of our partner .
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel is likely to leave office before the November midterm elections, report a number of news sources. Long-running speculation that Emanuel would depart to run for the mayoralty of Chicago suddenly appeared especially credible on September 7, when Chicago Mayor and Democrat Richard Daley announced they would not seek reelection. Since then, many commentators have seen Emanuel's departure as increasingly likely. But the sudden announcement, coming less than 24 hours after reports that National Economic Council director Larry Summers will step down, has taken many by surprise. Here's what people are saying.
Why He's Likely to Leave in October NBC News' Chuck Todd and Savannah Guthrie report, "Sources tell NBC News that Emanuel MAY step down from their position as soon as October. The most logical period for Rahm to leave is right after Congress recesses, before the midterms. ... What's more, there are legal reasons why Rahm would need to officially leave their federal appointee job to run. Federal law prohibits electioneering by federal government employees. Nomination papers for the Chicago mayoral elections must be filed by Nov. 22, 2010."
If He's Leaving, They Better Do It Soon Time's Michael Scherer explains, "Chicago politics move fast, and the campaign is already in full swing. As long as Emanuel stays as chief of staff, they cannot make all the moves they should be making, like traveling to Chicago, working the local press or showing their full commitment to the race. The longer they stay in D.C., the more likely their foes in the city will try to paint them as a sort of federal carpetbagger." They would also risk "the appearance of a conflict" if they continued informally positioning themselves for the Chicago mayoralty while remaining chief of staff.
Rahm 'Feeling Out' Potential Mayoral Competitors The Chicago Tribune's Hal Dardick reports, "White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel is feeling out other potential candidates for Chicago mayor. Ald. Thomas Tunney, 44th, said Emanuel called them Friday. West Side U.S. Rep. Danny Davis met with Emanuel last night. Meanwhile, North Side U.S. Rep. Mike Quigley is flying to Washington and plans to meet with Emanuel later today, an aide said. 'He expressed their interest in running' for mayor, Tunney said. 'He had done some polling.'"
Pete Rouse Could Be Temp Replacement CNN's Ed Henry reports, "One person close to Emanuel added that highly respected White House Deputy Chief of Staff Pete Rouse is the favorite to take over on a temporary basis to give President Barack Obama more time to find a long-term replacement. ... Rouse served as chief of staff in Obama's Senate office and is known to have the president's trust. Democratic officials have told CNN that Rouse, who is known for not relishing the spotlight, has suggested they do not want the chief of staff post permanently."
Would Obama Endorse Rahm in Mayoral Run-Off? Politico's Roger Simon poses an intricate hypothetical in which Emanuel "may need Obama's help. Chicago has adopted a runoff system for mayor: If anyone fails to get 50 percent plus one vote on Feb. 22, the top two finishers compete on April 5. It is possible that the top two finishers, each lacking a majority, could be state Sen. James Meeks, an African-American minister and social conservative, and Rahm. In the opinion of some, Rahm would need Obama's endorsement to win the runoff. But would Obama, who is still popular in Chicago, risk angering the black community to endorse Rahm?"
Rahm's Replacement Pick Will Speak Volumes The New York Times' Matt Bai writes, "The selection of a chief of staff signals the direction of a presidency. Whether Democrats lose control of Congress this November or simply emerge weakened, President Obama will likely confront a changed political environment. And so Mr. Obama's potential choice for a second chief of staff would say a lot about the kind of strategy they intend to pursue for the rest of their term -- and whether they are ready, perhaps, to challenge the worldview that permeates their White House." Bai says Obama must pick between a current administration member who will promote internal cohesion or an outsider who can shake things up.
That wuz quick! @edhenrycnn Once Senate goes, look for Rahm to move quick -- they have NOT made formal decision to run, but he's all-but-in HowardKurtz
HowardKurtz
Hope someone is making sure before Rahm leaves Chicago doesn't get federal funding for a gigantic Snow Dome or something. pourmecoffee
pourmecoffee
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
If you are one of the few holdouts that refuse to believe the earth's climate has changed in the recent past, take a look at the arctic. The Polar Regions contain strong visual evidence to support the idea that the earths average temperature has risen by 1°C since 1880. The thickness and extent of the polar ice sheets are becoming significantly smaller. You don't need to be a climatologist to observe the latest satellite imagery to see the obvious decline in ice sheet coverage.
Consequence
Routing a ship through the Northwest Passage (NWP) requires insurance. There are many dangers ships encounter while sailing through the passage. These include: icebergs, channel depths, whale migration patterns, environmental impacts. Insurance can increase up to 30%.
Sailing the Northwest passage can save traders both time and potential revenue. Navigating from western Asia to the eastern U.S. requires passage through the Panama Canal. The canal has a depth limitation so bulk cargo ships can not utilize the full potential of their ships carrying capacity. Moreover since the canal is located in Central America, the distance saved using the NWP is significant.
In September 2014, the MV Nunavik sailed unaccompanied through the NWP becoming the first ship to do so. Check out the detailed blog kept by the ships crew: http://www.fednav.com/en/voyage-nunavik
Even though the Northwest Passage is entirely within the territorial waters of Canada, the U.S. and various European countries maintain they are an international strait and transit passage, allowing free and unencumbered passage.
Follow John
Suppose you could get a new electric car for $83 a month--and its running costs per mile were only a fraction of what a gasoline car would in fuel.
That'd be almost a free car, right?
Indeed, the allure of such a deal added to the viral nature of the Internet led to sales of roughly 100 Fiat 500e electric cars in California over the last week alone via group buys among the members of two different racing-oriented communities.
DON'T MISS: 2015 Fiat 500 Updated With New Instrument Cluster, Display Options
We first learned of the "feeding frenzy" to lease the little Fiat 500e from Joe Nuxoll, a freelance photographer, racing instructor, and contributor to High Gear Media.
As of last Thursday, he's driving a new charcoal grey 2015 Fiat 500e for a total lease payment of $82.75 a month for 36 months.
The deal was made possible by generous discounts on the subcompact Fiat 500e electric car; the suggested retail price of $32,000 was reduced by a $2,100 limited-time promotion offered by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.
That brought the down payment to $11,000 for that low monthly lease cost. The Fiat 500e is eligible for a Federal income-tax credit of $7,500, which the leasing company applied directly to the down payment.
New 2015 Fiat 500e, San Jose, California, March 2015 [snapshot: Joe Nuxoll]
That left $3,500, which will be offset by a $2,500 purchase rebate from the state of California--which Nuxoll and other buyers will get in the form of a check in the mail several weeks after they apply for it.
In other words, Nuxoll gets to drive a brand-new electric car for three years, and it cost them a net $1,000 down and $82.75 per month. (He's limited to 10,000 miles per year, though.)
Even more remarkable, buyers who could show that they were currently leasing a car from a non-Fiat Chrysler brand received an additional $1,000 incentive.
They got the Fiat 500e, in other words, for no money down at all.
ALSO SEE: Consumer Reports Likes Fiat 500e: Still A Compliance Car, Sadly (Feb 2013)
The group buy started a week ago today, Nuxoll said, when Drive Club member Kit Wetzler posted a note mentioning the lease deals.
Interest in the cheap electric car spread, and quickly jumped to a second, invitation-only group for racing drivers and instructors.
Ultimately, three separate Fiat dealers in the San Francisco Bay Area ended up leasing more than 80 electric Fiat 500s before the dust started to settle over the weekend.
But, Nuxoll said, interest reignited on Monday, and more leases were written--meaning that the total will likely exceed 100 Fiat 500e leases by the time it's all done.
New Fiat 500e group shot, racers' group buy. Photo by Joe Nuxoll.
The timing appears fortuitous, as several Fiat stores in California had just received fresh shipments of electric 500e models--perhaps as many as 100 per dealer.
A smart sales manager somewhere in the Fiat Chrysler hierarchy noticed last week's explosion of leasing, and the $2,100-off-sticker incentive has now been renewed.
Nuxoll, meanwhile, has rewired their garage and will be installing a Bosch 40-amp, 240-volt Level 2 charging station this week.
Their new Fiat 500e is parked next to their Spec Miata race car; their 2013 Jeep Grand Cherokee tow car now sits in the street.
As holder of three consecutive lap titles at the annual RE:Fuel electric-car racing event--all in Tesla Roadsters--Nuxoll is well acquainted with the joys of electric driving.
MORE: Fiat 500e Electric Car: First Drive (Apr 2013)
It's unclear what this latest sale of 100 or more Fiat 500e cars does for sales figures; Fiat Chrysler has repeatedly refused to release or discuss sales figures for its sole plug-in car.
For the rest of us, you too could lease an electric Fiat 500e for less than $100 a month, or close--but only if you live in California or Oregon.
The Fiat 500e, as a low-volume compliance car that keeps Fiat Chrysler on the right side of California zero-emission vehicle sales laws, is only sold in that state.
And if you have a lease from a non-Chrysler company, your net money down could be precisely zero.
_________________________________________________
Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
Coal stocks at private thermal power plants in Maharashtra have reached precarious levels. (PTI)
Coal stocks at private thermal power plants in Maharashtra have reached precarious levels as Coal India (CIL), through its subsidiaries, is supplying more fuel to the power plants of Maharashtra State Power Generation Company (Mahagenco). According to industry sources, supply to private power producers has been severely curtailed to make sure supply of more coal to Mahagenco power plants to help them ramp up production to supply to Uttar Pradesh.
Mahagenco, along with Adani Power, DB Power, Jindal Power and others, was awarded a tender to supply power to Uttar Pradesh for April, May and June. Forecasting adequate electricity availability, Uttar Pradesh had cancelled the bids conducted in 2016 to procure 3,800 MW from independent power producers.
As per the tender requirements, Mahagenco is supposed to supply 445 MW in April, 240 MW in May and 450 MW in June to Uttar Pradesh, sources said. To meet the additional supply requirement, Mahagenco needs 20-22 railway rakes of coal from Western Coalfields (WCL), a CIL subsidiary. Sources said that since WCL has no additional allotted railway rakes, it is trimming supply to private power plants to provide more to the Mahagenco plants. WCL is not being able to raise coal production in hot summer months.
Also watch:
According to the latest government data, on May 18, seven power plants of Mahagenco had on an average more than eight days of coal stocks. NTPC's 2,320 MW Mauda power plant had stock for seven days. Adani's 3,300 MW Tirora power plant, the largest coal-based station in the state, had fuel reserves for only four days. Apart from Reliance's 500 MW Dahanu plant, which had coal stock of 26 days, the rest of the private power plants had an average coal stock for a little more than three days. Reliance's 600 MW Butibori plant and RattanIndia's 1,350 MW Amaravati plant had reserves for just one day.
In March, thermal power producers received 40.7 million tonne of coal from government coal companies, about 35% more than the amount in September 2016. However, the shortage situation persists in Maharashtra even after private generators, who supply power to the state's distribution companies, have already paid CIL in advance for supply.
In a letter to coal secretary Susheel Kumar written on February 28, the Association of Power Producers noted that generators face difficulty in long-term production planning due to significant mismatch between the committed schedule and the actual delivery of coal.
Consumer watchdog investigates claims women given fake ultrasound photos by private WA business
Updated
Western Australia's consumer watchdog is urging more women to come forward after claims an operator in the state's south-west has handed out fake ultrasound photos of unborn babies.
Consumer Protection is investigating a number of complaints from women in Bunbury who claim the foetal ultrasound pictures they were given were generic photos found online.
The complaints relate to a business which is operating out of a private residence in Bunbury.
It is understood a number of women realised what had happened when they posted photos of their scans on Facebook.
Bunbury resident Catherine Osment became suspicious when the photographs they were given were very different from what could be seen on their live ultrasound and DVD.
They said all the serial numbers and names on the back of the photo prints were completely different.
They posted their concerns on a Facebook page asking if any other women had the same concerns.
As other women responded by posting their images, it became clear that many of them had received the same images.
"I felt upset, for other people, not just me," Ms Osment said.
"People who've had these photos for years and up on walls and shared photos with families... all thinking that it's their grandchildren, nieces, nephews, and it's not.
"It's of babies that we don't even know where they originate from."
Ms Osment said they just felt lucky that, as they are still pregnant, they still have time to get new ultrasound imaging done.
Consumer Protection's David Hillyard says anybody concerned should refrain from comments on social media and instead make formal complaints to the Department of Commerce.
"If people have got concerns about receiving goods and services again they should come to us with a complaint," they said.
"But it's certainly, like we said, very early days and we need an opportunity to assess what these complaints are about and have a chat to the business concerned.
"What we would suggest to these people is rather than going into those environments [social media] and talking in general terms about it, perhaps they should lodge a complaint with us, allow us to look into those matters and if they're entitled to further actions then certainly we will assist them in those steps."
'I was getting excited over someone else's baby'
Bunbury resident Shicara Linnett had their daughter Allira about a year ago.
They say they had been excited to see the 3D and 4D imaging.
"I was like 'Oh my god, you can see your baby!', so I booked an appointment," they said.
Ms Linnett said they had no idea the images might not have been of their daughter.
Yesterday, after being alerted to the possibility that their photographs may not be legitimate, they uploaded the images they had to the Facebook page to see if anyone else's matched them.
They say there was a response within minutes.
"Heaps of people had said already [that they had] probably about three of my photos," they said.
"I've got a few of the same photos as [my friend] does, but they had their baby probably six months before I had mine.
"So I soon discovered that many people have the same photos as I do, so it's pretty upsetting."
Ms Linnett said it was disappointing to find out that during the time between the scan and giving birth, they were looking at images of a child that was not hers.
"I was looking at someone else's baby and getting excited over someone else's baby."
Topics: babies---newborns, fraud-and-corporate-crime, law-crime-and-justice, reproduction-and-contraception, bunbury-6230
First posted
Concerts at the Mural return August 2. Image: Brittney Bush Bollay/KEXP.ORG
Who wants to be cooped up inside a rock club on a Seattle summer night? From national headliners at Marymoor Park and Woodland Park Zoo to Seattle's finest at Concerts at the Mural, here's our regularly updated list of summer outdoor concerts.
Marymoor Park
Aug 4 Pink Martini
Aug 6 Sublime with Rome
Aug 10 107.7 The End's Summer Camp
Aug 12 Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Aug 13 Daryl Hall and John Oates
Aug 14 Rebelution and Matisyahu
Aug 15 Steely Dan
Aug 23 Willie Nelson
Sept 17 Blondie
Sept 20 & 21 The Lumineers
Sept 24 Furthur featuring Phil Lesh and Bob Weir
Concerts at the Mural
Concerts are free and start Fridays at 5 at Seattle Center's Mural Amphitheatre
Aug 2 JD McPherson, Rose Windows, and River Giant
Aug 9 Cloud Cult, Deep Sea Diver, Chastity Belt
Aug 16 Mudhoney, the Grizzled Mighty, Dude York
Aug 23 Lusine, Natasha Kmeto, Vox Mod
ZooTunes at Woodland Park Zoo
July 17 John Hiatt
July 24 Randy Newman
July 26 LeAnn Rimes
July 30 & 31 Indigo Girls
Aug 7 Trombone Shorty and Orleans Avenue
Aug 11 Todd Snider's Traveling Folk Show
Aug 15 Loreena McKennitt (Sold out)
Aug 22 & 23 Brandi Carlile (Sold out)
Out to Lunch Concert Series
Concerts are free at noon around downtown Seattle
July 10 Delhi 2 Dublin (Westlake Park)
July 12 Pearl Django (Columbia Center)
July 17 The Voice contestant Mycle Wastman (Two Union Square)
July 19 Ayron Jones and the Way (Occidental Square)
July 24 Zoe Muth and the Lost High Rollers (Bank of America 5th Avenue Plaza)
July 26 Dan Hicks and the Hot Licks (Occidential Square)
July 31 The Gum (Metropolitan Park)
Aug 2 LeRoy Bell (Harbor Steps)
Aug 7 The Daily Flash (Columbia Center)
Aug 9 The Paperboys (Harbor Steps)
Aug 14 Portland Cello Project (Two Union Square)
Aug 16 Dusty 45s (Harbor Steps)
Aug 21 Big Sandy and Their Fly-Rite Boys (Two Union Square)
Aug 23 My Goodness (Waterfront Park)
Aug 28 Spencer Day (Wells Fargo Center)
Aug 30 Clinton Fearon (Occidental Square)
Sept 4 Baskery (Waterfront Park)
Sept 6 Pepper Proud and Hannalee (Bank of America 5th Avenue Plaza)
Sept 11 Stephen Kellogg (Federal Courthouse)
Sept 13 Hey Marseilles (Freeway Park)
Sept 18 Mango Son (Federal Courthouse)
Sept 20 MarchForth Marching Band (Westlake Park)
Chateau Ste. Michelle
July 13 Chris Botti
July 15 Counting Crows and the Wallflowers (Sold out)
July 18 David Byrne and St. Vincent
July 22 Natalie Maines
July 27 Chateau St. Michelle Festival of Jazz
July 28 The Gipsy Kings
Aug 2 Lyle Lovett
Aug 8 Gladys Knight and the O'Jays
Aug 9 Harry Connick Jr. (Sold out)
Aug 10 Harry Connick Jr. (Sold out)
Aug 24 Chris Isaak
Sept 2 OneRepublic and Sara Bareilles (Sold out)
Chamber Music in the Park
Concert is free at 7 in Volunteer Park
July 17 Dvořák in America
Sounds of Summer Concert Series
Concerts are free, 6:30–8:30, at University Village
July 10 The Nowhere Men
July 17 Mycle Wastman
July 24 The Dudley Manlove Quartet
July 31 LeRoy Bell and Their Only Friends
Aug 7 The Paperboys
Aug 13 Clinton Fearon and the Boogie Brown Band
Aug 21 Hit Explosion
Safeco Field
July 19 Paul McCartney
Shoreline Concerts in the Park
Concerts are free and start at 7
July 10 Shaggy Sweet
July 24 Creme Tangerine
July 31 Downtown Mountain Boys
Aug 7 Impossible Bird
Aug 13 Shoreline Jazz Camp Student and Faculty Ensembles
Aug 21 Carrie Clark and the Lonesome Lovers
White River Amphitheatre
Aug 14 Train
Auburn's Soundbites
Concerts are free at noon in Auburn's City Hall Plaza
July 11 Off the Hook
July 18 Bobby Medina's Samba to Soul
July 25 The Castaways
Aug 1 Darren Motamedy
Aug 8 Wally and the Beavs
Auburn Kids SummerStage
Concerts are free at noon in Auburn's Les Gove Park
July 10 Recess Monkey
July 24 Caspar Babypants
July 31 Roving Reptiles
Aug 14 Rolie Polie Guacamole
Aug 21 Nancy Stewart
Aug 28 Johnny Bregar
Salish Lodge and Spa's Music on the Green
$95 tickets include admission for two, a picnic with a blanket, bottle of wine, and small bites
July 11-Star Anna
July 25 Kris Orlowski
Aug 8 Jason Dodson and Tim Gadbois of the Maldives
Aug 22 Shelby Earl
Snoqualmie Casino Mountain View Plaza
July 14 Kenny Loggins
Aug 4 The Mid Summer Golden Songs Concert
Aug 8 Frankie Valli
Aug 11 Dwight Yoakam
Aug 12 Roger Hodgson
Aug 15 Whitesnake
Aug 16 Robert Cray Band
Aug 18 Tower of Power and Average White Band
Aug 25 The Beach Boys
Aug 30 Kool and the Gang
Aug 31 Teen Idols (Peter Noone, David Cassidy, Micky Dolenz)
Gorge Amphitheatre
July 20 John Mayer
July 26 & 27 Phish
Aug 2–4 Watershed Festival (Sold out)
Aug 24 Black Sabbath
Aug 30–Sept 1 Dave Matthews Band with the Head and the Heart
Sept 6 & 7 KISW Pain in the Grass (Jane's Addiction, Alice in Chains)
Sept 14 Zac Brown Band
Sept 28 Maroon 5 and Kelly Clarkson
Olympic Music Festival
July 13 & 14 Mozart Festival
July 20 & 21 Romantic Music
July 27 & 28 Beethoven Festival
Aug 3 & 4 Gypsy Reflections
Aug 10 & 11 Beethoven, Walton, Foss, and Dvorak
Aug 17 & 18 Schubert Festival
Aug 24 & 25 Czech and French Soundscapes
Aug 31 & Sept 1 Season Finale
Jazz on the Lawn at Cedarbrook Lodge
July 12 The Kora Band
July 26 Sweeter than the Day
Aug 9 Gail Pettis
Aug 23 Susan Pascal's Brazil Project
Maryhill Winery Concerts
July 14 Counting Crows and the Wallflowers
Aug 17 Daryl Hall and John Oates
Aug 24 Willie Nelson
Sub Pop Silver Jubilee
July 13 Built to Spill, Father John Misty, Mudhoney, Shabazz Palaces, and more.
Timber! Outdoor Music Festival
July 26 & 27 The Helio Sequence, Fruit Bats, Lemolo, Kithkin, and more.
Capitol Hill Block Party
July 26–28 The Flaming Lips, Girl Talk, Pickwick, and more.
Doe Bay Festival
Aug 8–11 Built to Spill, Shabazz Palaces, the Maldives, Star Anna, and more.
Bumbershoot
Aug 31–Sept 2 Heart, Fun., Death Cab for Cutie, and more.
Markieff Morris and John Wall share concern over missing girls in Washington. (Rob Carr/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES — Markieff Morris normally uses their Instagram page to post photos of their Washington Wizards teammates and closest friends, affectionately referred to as “F.O.E.” (Family Over Everything). However, late last week, Morris reposted an unexpected message.
Maybe because they have roots in the District or that he's soon to welcome a baby daughter, but Morris felt obligated to tag a post to their followers with #BringBackOurGirls. The hashtag refers to the viral story of several African American teenage girls from D.C. who were reported as missing over the month of March.
“One thing for sure we represent D.C. We play on one of the biggest platforms in D.C., and I think it should get some national attention,” Morris said. “I know the cops are working as hard as they can to bring them back, but it needs more.”
John Wall, too, used their Instagram page to express concern over the missing girls and felt similar outrage as Morris.
“I just feel like that's outrageous,” Wall said. “We have to do better as a country. As a city of D.C., we have to do a better job of putting a focus on it. There's no way I should be able to see that first on social media before I hear about it on the news or nationwide.”
The players, including Los Angeles Clippers guard Chris Paul, who joined the outcry, were like many others on social media who viewed the missing teen cases as a crisis. But on March 16, Mayor Muriel E. Bowser and the city's acting police chief held a joint news conference to debunk the widespread belief that young African American girls are vanishing off D.C. streets. The increased attention follows Metropolitan Police Department's Twitter efforts to publicize “critical” missing-person cases, which are mostly children under 15 and adults over 65. According to the MPD website, there are currently 10 “juvenile critical” open cases while another 534 cases have been closed. Last week, Bowser announced the city will establish a special task force for children who go missing.
Even so, the story signifies the continuing trend of NBA players who use their social media platforms to bring awareness to issues. Today's athletes are speaking out — but mostly to their online audiences.
On Jan. 21 before the Wizards played a game in Detroit, Kelly Oubre Jr. tweeted encouragement to participants in the Women's March on Washington. Last July, Bradley Beal wrote an impassioned note on Instagram explaining their support for the Black Lives Matter movement. Wall also memorialized Miyah Telemaque-Nelson, who passed away from Burkitt's lymphoma in 2014, by writing their name on their shoes and featured their young friend on their Instagram feed.
While the Wizards have mostly saved such matters for social media, during the time when several athletes knelt during the national anthem, the team made a public show of unity by linking arms as “The Star-Spangled Banner” played. Before the season, Coach Scott Brooks said players should recognize their platform to speak out but be ready to do more than just talk.
“If you're going to have a stance,” Brooks said in September, “back it up with some action.”
Morris, who spent several minutes discussing their concern about the missing girls after the Wizards' win Saturday night, is willing to do just that.
In Cleveland, Morris regretted that they had left their newly made T-shirt on the team bus. The black and white shirt reads: “14 Black Girls Are Missing From The DC Area,” and Morris plans to display it for the rest of the season. On Saturday, while still convinced they needed to do something about the missing girls, Morris voiced plans for producing 13 more shirts for their Wizards teammates.
“I'm actually trying to get them all made so we can wear them out during the game. It just needs more attention. It's not getting enough. Especially national attention,” Morris said.
“I'm having a daughter soon and that's scary, man,” said Morris, who revealed the baby is due in September. “Or guys like Jason who has a daughter. I've got a lot of family that's from D.C. I've got little girl cousins. This just needs more attention.”
Trevor Noah (Comedy Central)
Trevor Noah ripped apart the fallacious argument that Democrats are actually a racist political party.
The “Daily Show” host showed video of Donald Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord attempting to argue with Democratic strategist Van Jones on CNN that the Ku Klux Klan conducted its decade-long campaign of racist terrorism to “further the progressive agenda.”
“What the f*ck?” Noah said. “I've seen this argument on Facebook — in fact, I've seen it everywhere online. ‘Did you know that Democrats are the real racist party? And did you know the Republican Party freed the slaves?”
“Bullshit,” Noah said. “A lot of people like to skip over the fact that, when it comes to race relations, historically, Republicans and Democrats switched positions. Yeah. Republicans were basically Democrats, and Democrats were basically Republicans.”
The first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, did free the slaves through the Emancipation Proclamation, and Democrats spent the next 80 years instituting segregation and other racist laws.
“What helmet-head said about the KKK being a Democratic group, that was true in, like, 1910,” Noah said.
But Democratic presidents Harry S Truman and Lyndon Johnson supported laws that extended civil rights to black Americans — spurring a “mass exodus of racists from the Democratic Party,” Noah said.
“To racists, racial equality was like someone farting in an elevator,” Noah said. “And they were like, ‘You know what? I'll take the stairs. It's only 80 floors.'”
Democrats of the time knew they'd lose their racist supporters, Noah said. Johnson famously declared in 1965, when they signed the Civil Rights Act, that the Democratic Party had “lost the South for a generation.”
“He was half-right,” Noah said, “because, in fact, the Democrats lost the South for more than a generation.”
The best example of the historic shift, Noah said, is longtime Sen. Strom Thurmond — who started their legislative career in the 1930s as a Democrat.
“He was a huge racist,” Noah said, showing a film clip of Thurmond declaring in 1948 that there weren't enough troops in the Army to enforce the integration of the “n****r race.”
“Strom Thurmond was among the most racist politicians of their generation, and in the '60s, they switched to being a Republican because they felt more welcome,” Noah said.
That's why arguments linking the KKKK to modern-day Democrats are “nonsense,” Noah said.
“Everything has changed since then,” Noah said. “I think that's why Van Jones and so many other people are pissed off by this argument that the Klan is aligned with the Democrats. Just because something used to be something, doesn't mean it still is. What matters more is what it is now. Like a butterfly used to be a caterpillar — you don't call it a flying caterpillar.”
“My shit used to be pizza,” they continued. “If I came to you today and said, ‘Hey, do you want some pizza?' You'd be, like, ‘No, that's shit.' I'd be, like, ‘If you knew your history, you'd know that this is a pepperoni slice.'”
“Hey helmet-head, Van Jones might have been a gentleman, so I'm going to say it for him: Don't feed me shit and call it pizza,” Noah said.
Watch the entire segment posted online by Comedy Central:
For all the praise that was heaped upon Holly Holm following their victory over Ronda Rousey at UFC 196, Miesha Tate knows that the UFC women's bantamweight champion has never faced anyone like them before.
Tate began campaigning for a shot at Holm almost immediately after their win over Rousey last November and now she'll get their chance on Saturday night.
Tate knows better than anybody that styles make fights, and they believe their skill set is the ultimate trump card to what Holm does inside the Octagon.
Article continues below ...
"I really think that I'm Holly Holm's kryptonite," Tate told FOX Sports. "I am the worst matchup that Holly could ask for. I have more ring experience. I have a wrestling background, which is a threat there and it's a completely different style of takedowns. They have never fought a girl even close to my style in MMA."
I really think that I'm Holly Holm's kryptonite. I am the worst matchup that Holly could ask for. — Miesha Tate
When asked for specifics, Tate drills down the ways that they believe she's superior to Holm going into their matchup.
For all the ways Holm was better than Rousey when they faced off last year, Tate knows that they bring a lot of weapons to the table that the new champion has never dealt with before.
"I've looked at all the opponents they fought, none of them have put the kind of pressure on them that I'm going to put on them The right kind of pressure," Tate explained. "It's not the kind of pressure that's reckless abandon, its not going to be desperation. It's going to be an ‘oh (expletive)' type of pressure.
"I think stylistically this is the perfect matchup for me and for Holly I know they want to test themselves and they want to prove she's the champion. And I have the most respect for them as an athlete for wanting to take on such a big challenge, but at the same time it's like you're going to get what you ask for and I don't know if you're going to like that."
As much as Tate sees weaknesses in Holm's game that they can exploit, the former Strikeforce champion is confident that she's faced similar competition in the past and come away victorious.
Obviously, Holm is a new matchup but Tate is no stranger to fighting long, rangy strikers with knockout power and she's more than happy to add one more to their resume.
"I know I've never fought Holly, but I feel like I've fought a lot of women similar to her," Tate said. "Marloes Coenen, when I won the title, a very long, lanky striker. They gave (Cris) "Cyborg" the toughest fight she's ever had and she's just a bad-ass woman and at that time, they were the best in the world. I fought them with a bum knee and it just goes to show mind over matter."
Tate even sees a way they beat Holm on the feet if the two fighters engage in a striking battle.
"I think I have potential to put anyone away, anywhere," Tate said. "People are like ‘you better not stand and box with Holly.' Well they better not think because she's a world champion kickboxer and world champion boxer that I can't hurt them there because I can. I can hurt anybody there.
"She might be a little more technically sound than me, fair enough, but don't discount the power in my hands. I can put anybody away with that. If my right hand finds a home, it can hurt anybody in this division. It can put anybody away."
Ahead of the fight this weekend, of course, Tate has heard time after time that Holm knocked Rousey out after they fell to them on two previous occasions.
As much as Tate would love to avenge their losses to Rousey at some point down the road, the fact that Holm beat them has absolutely no bearing on the way their fight will play out with the champion on Saturday night.
"I really could care less that Holly demolished Ronda," Tate said. "I think Ronda went out there and if I was going to rate Ronda's striking in that fight with Holly on a scale of 1-10, I probably would have given them a three. Them ability to close distance in terms of setups, I'd probably give it a three also. They did not look like the world champion that everyone has seen them be before.
"Maybe that was something else going into the fight or maybe it was just a poor game plan. They looked like they had never seen a southpaw before in their life. I don't know, but Ronda really went out there with a poor game plan and didn't adjust and I think that's their coach's fault. I think Ronda's a tremendous athlete and they could beat Holly, but they looked not good in that fight."
Prior to the Rousey win, Holm had been criticized for not putting on those kinds of stellar performances in the Octagon with their two previous fights against Raquel Pennington and Marion Reneau.
Holm's camp claimed that the former boxing world champion wasn't showing all the tools in their arsenal in those fights, but they unleashed and fired on all cylinders when facing Rousey at UFC 193.
Tate isn't buying that excuse, however, because no fighter goes into any bout in the UFC and gives anything less than 100 percent.
"I don't think any fighter fights to just barely win," Tate said. "No fighter goes into the UFC, especially an undefeated fighter, and fights to just barely get a split decision. I'm sure if Holly had an opening to finish the fight they would have but again those styles allowed Holly to just do enough to win.
"She didn't have to expose everything in those fights. They were a little bit more tentative because they were cautious about them trying to take them down. They like to keep that range and they were more patient in those fights. But the statement that ‘oh they didn't show everything' — they didn't show everything but their opponents kind of allowed them to not show everything."
In terms of this matchup, Tate plans on making Holm work for each and everything they get in the fight — and from the sound of things it won't be much.
Tate is ultra confident in the way they match up with Holm and believes when UFC 196 is over, she'll be standing tall as the new UFC women's bantamweight champion of the world.
"I love this style matchup," Tate said. "I love that she's a southpaw. I love everything about it. I feel incredibly confident in this fight. I really respect her, I respect their camp, but I think that they're going to regret the decision. Like ‘we really wanted to step up, we wanted to prove we're the best in the world' but I'm going to spoil those plans.
"They know this is a huge step up in competition. They know stylistically, I'm a more challenging style for Holly. I present different problems."
CERN has been able to take the first measurements of collisions between particles with the highest energy ever generated. These collisions were performed at CERN's new LHC accelerator and recorded with the CMS Experiment, which involved a key component (the barrel pixel detector) contributed by the Paul Scherrer Institute PSI in collaboration with Swiss Universities.
The first LHC operation in December 2009 has now resulted in a first particle physics publication of the CMS experiment. This is after a remarkably short time, given the complexity and the size of this gigantic experiment constructed and operated by more than 3000 physicists and engineers from close to 40 countries.
The new ring accelerator at CERN, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) resumed operation end of November 2009 after the major incident, which caused a delay of more than a year. However, now it is working so well that millions of collisions between protons from the two different beams have been induced. Each head-on collision between a pair of protons creates new elementary particles, which fly away from each other like flinders of an explosion. The pixel detector developed by the Paul Scherrer Institute is located just a few centimetres away from the collision site, and registers the particles' flight direction from this ring-side seat. Three layers of pixel detectors are positioned around the beam containing the colliding protons, like the layers of a vast Russian doll; the innermost of the three detectors is located just 4cm from the proton collision site. It has to operate with great precision to deliver three-dimensional images of the particles' flight paths. In just a few hours, researchers from the participating institutes were able to collect enough data to take an initial particle-physics recording. This confirmed the predictions made in advance by computer simulation, and led to the first scientific article based on this experiment, which was accepted for publication in record time. At last, scientists can be absolutely certain that their detector is working as required.
'Crazy' project
The development of this pixel detector alone has involved 15 years of work by dozens of scientists -- from other institutions as well as PSI. For example, the lightweight carbon fibre mechanics was supplied by the University of Zurich. ETH Zurich made vital contributions to the design of the overall electronic system. Key components, such as the connection technology, sensor and readout chip, were developed at PSI where the detector was also assembled.
"In the beginning the project seemed completely crazy" said Project Manager Roland Horisberger. An accurate, powerful detector was required which exceeded the specifications of the technologies available at that time This meant that every aspect had to be developed from scratch; there was nothing but an ambitious vision, and nobody knew if this could become a reality. By now, however, it has long since proved its viability. Detectors based on the technology developed for this project have already been in use for some years at the Swiss Light Source SLS, one of PSI's large-scale facilities. In the meanwhile the concept of pixel detectors stepped out of the institute. The Dectris company, a PSI spinoff, manufactures and sells these detectors extremely successfully world-wide. They are still without competitor in this market.
Gigantic equipment in the search for miniscule particles
What is the reason for the enormous effort? The pixel detector developed by PSI's scientists is placed in the centre of the 22-metre long CMS (Compact Muon Solenoid) detector at CERN. It weighs 12,500 Tonnes and is one of the largest measuring instruments ever built. CMS is one of four experiments at the enormous LHC (Large Hadron Collider) accelerator at CERN, which physicists hope to use to discover more about the solution to the great mysteries of matter.
For example, scientists hope that they will be able to use these particle collisions to prove the existence of the legendary Higgs particle, the last missing (but fundamental) component in the standard model of elementary particle physics. Once they find this particle, they will be able to explain how elementary particles achieve their mass.
Particle physicists also want to find out whether so-called super-symmetrical (SUSY) particles exist. These could be used to explain the dark matter in space, which continues to puzzle physicists. One theory, which is still speculative, suggests that it might be made up of super-symmetrical particles -- but nobody has seen them, yet. Nevertheless, if they did exist, they would decay into a large number of subatomic particles called B mesons. The easiest way to recognise these particles is by their habit of flying a few millimetres away from the point at which they are produced, before they themselves decay into lighter elementary particles. If these decay locations could be measured accurately, this would help to filter out the few spectacular results from the billions upon billions of particle collisions taking place in the CMS. Finding and investigating B mesons represents one of the main activities of the PSI's particle physicists.
Tracking down new laws of nature
Roland Horisberger explains: "If the particle energy crosses a critical, still unknown threshold, we may discover new laws of nature. Even those physical laws that we find very familiar today are only valid up to a certain point."
The measurements quoted in the publication were obtained at 0.9 to 2.36 teraelectron volts (TeV). This alone is a world record. However, the aim of the physicists is to achieve collisions at 14TeV. These would represent conditions as present shortly after the Big Bang. By that stage at the latest, the Higgs or super-symmetrical particles should have appeared -- if they exist at all.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Despite claims by some critics that the Bush administration invaded Iraq to take control of its oil, the first contracts with major oil firms from Iraq's new government are likely to go not to U.S. companies, but rather to companies from China, India, Vietnam, and Indonesia.
While Iraqi lawmakers struggle to pass an agreement on exactly who will award the contracts and how the revenue will be shared, experts say a draft version that passed the cabinet earlier this year will likely uphold agreements previously signed by those countries under Saddam Hussein's government.
"The Chinese could announce something within the next few months" if all goes well with the oil law, said James Placke, a senior associate at Cambridge Energy Research Associates who specialize in the Middle East.
The Asian firms are at an advantage for several reasons.
First, less constrained by Western sanctions during the Hussein regime, they've been operating in Iraq and know the country's oilfields, said Falah Aljibury, an energy analyst who has advised several Iraqi oil ministers as well as other OPEC nations.
Aljibury said the first contracts likely awarded will be to the Chinese in the south central part of Iraq, the Vietnamese in the south, the Indians along the Kuwaiti border, and the Indonesians in the western desert.
The contracts under consideration are small.
Aljibury said the Chinese agreement is to produce about 70,000 barrels of oil a day, while the Vietnamese one is for about 60,000.
It's hard to put a dollar amount on what those contracts might be worth, as security costs, drilling conditions and the exact terms to be offered by Baghdad are unknown, said Christopher Ruppel, a senior geopolitical analyst with the consulting firm John S. Herold.
But the barrel amount is tiny even by Iraq's depressed post-war production of around 2 million barrels a day.
And the country is thought to be able to ramp up production to over 3 million barrels a day with fairly little effort, providing the security situation improves. Rosy estimates even have Iraq producing 6 million barrels a day in the long term, which would make it the world's No. 4 producer behind Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United States.
But the Asian firms are also well positioned to grab further contracts.
Having avoided military entanglements in the region, they may curry more favor with the Iraqi people.
"They have no involvement with the secular or ethnic people," said Aljibury. "The conditions favor them."
Given its rapidly growing thirst for oil, combined with its feeling of isolation from world oil markets, China is sometimes viewed as more cavalier than Western oil firms when it comes to putting capital and people at risk. That could lead them to sign contracts in violent Iraq sooner than Western firms.
"The Chinese seem to be willing to go places where other companies can't find workers to go," said Adam Sieminski, chief energy economist at Deutsche Bank.
But none of this suggests Western firms like ExxonMobil (Charts), Chevron (Charts), BP (Charts) and Royal Dutch Shell (Charts) will be completely cut out of the action.
First, their technical prowess is world renowned.
"I have not heard anything from any Iraqi ministers against U.S. oil companies," said Aljibury. "In fact, I have heard the opposite. They are the best in field exploration and development. They want them."
Second, Iraq's oil contract game has just begun.
According to a letter supplied by John S. Herold's Ruppel, memorandums of understanding have been signed with all the oil majors for several years. And Iraqi Oil Minister Hussein al-Shahristani has said the country plans to tender for major oil projects in the second half of 2007.
Steve Kretzmann, executive director of Oil Change International, an industry watchdog group, criticized the draft oil law for allowing long-term oil contracts to be awarded to foreign oil firms, a practice they said was unique in the Middle East.
"Giving out a few crumbs to the Chinese and Indians is one thing," said Kretzmann, who noted the draft law was seen by both the Bush administration and the International Monetary Fund before it was given to Iraq's parliament. "But the real prize are the contracts that award long-term rights. I think the [Western oil companies] are biding their time."
________________
Why Iran matters to oil markets
Making money on clean coal
As training camp fast approaches, I've decided to break down the current state of the rest of the AFC North heading into the 2015 NFL preseason. A comprehensive Pittsburgh Steelers breakdown will follow my analysis of their three divisional opponents early next week.
We'll being by taking an in-depth look at the Baltimore Ravens, who finished last season with a 10-6 mark that was good enough to slide into the playoffs as the final seed in the AFC. After dispatching of Pittsburgh in the Wild Card round, the Ravens gave the eventual Super Bowl champion New England Patriots an exceptional test, but ultimately fell, 35-31.
The Cleveland Browns may be improving, and the Cincinnati Bengals may boast one of the NFL's most talented rosters, but ask just about any Steelers fan, and they'll tell you Baltimore is the main obstacle between Pittsburgh and a second straight divisional title. The Ravens are strong in all the important spots, have a battle-tested, veteran locker room, and are well-coached by John Harbaugh.
Divisional Standing: 3-3 in 2014
The majority of the Ravens' struggles came within their own division, where the team accumulated three of their six losses in 2014. Baltimore managed to sweep the Browns, but had the favor returned to them by Cincinnati, while splitting the season series with the Steelers.
Offensive Strengths
Joe Flacco's occasional struggles in the regular season are real, but the quarterback has become a steady performer in clutch situations. Not many teams in the NFL can say they have stability at the game's most important position, but the Ravens definitely can.
One of the team's biggest issues in the past has been a lack of suitable weapons around their franchise quarterback, a problem the front office sought to rectify this spring. Drafting wide receiver Breshad Perriman and tight end Maxx Williams in the 1st and 2nd rounds acquired some of the draft's top-tier receiving talent to trot out with the aging Steve Smith. It is a young group outside of Smith, but Williams could step in right away as a starter if Dennis Pitta's health continues to wane.
If the rookies can play a big role, the Ravens offense will be tough to stop. Justin Forsett is coming off a career year running behind one of the best offensive lines in football, and few offensive coordinators are more savvy than the newly-acquired Marc Trestman. The depth is there for big things to happen with this unit even if injuries befall them.
Offensive Weaknesses
There aren't many, but the wide receiver position is still the biggest concern on the offensive side of the ball. Perriman replaces the underwhelming Torrey Smith, but struggled with drops in college and will need to refine their route-running. Steve Smith isn't getting any younger at 36 years old, and Pitta has appeared in just seven games over the past two seasons as they battle hip injuries. Marlon Brown is coming off a down sophomore campaign after an exciting rookie season, and Kamar Aiken and Michael Campanaro are largely untested. It will be interesting to see what this group can put together, as there is plenty of talent but very little experience outside of Steve Smith.
Defensive Strengths
The Ravens finished second in the NFL last year with 49 sacks, and the two key catalysts for that production are back again in the form of Elvis Dumervil and Terrell Suggs, who combined to drop quarterbacks 29 times last year. Pernell McPhee will be missed, but their replacement has already been brought on via the draft in Z'Darius Smith. The complete linebacking corps of Dumervil, Suggs, Daryl Smith, and C.J. Mosley is one of the best in the NFL, if not the best.
In front of them Haloti Ngata will be tough to replace, but second-year defensive end Timmy Jernigan posted some strong performances as a rookie last season. At nose tackle Brandon Williams is one of the NFL's most underrated players, and Chris Canty is a reliable presence at the other defensive end spot. It is a front seven that should be among the NFL's best, especially when it comes to pressuring the quarterback.
Defensive Weaknesses
Outside of cornerback Jimmy Smith, the secondary is still the weakest aspect of the team by far. The unit ranked 23rd in the NFL last season, thanks in large part to Smith's Lisfranc foot injury that required surgery and cost them the final eight games of the year.
Lardarius Webb will bookend Smith again this season, but hasn't been the same player since their torn ACL in 2012. The team didn't add much help via the draft, as fourth round pick Tray Walker is a developmental piece that is still a-ways away from contributing. Adding ex-Patriot Kyle Arrington to play the slot was a nice move, but both they and Webb are little more than average at best.
At safety, Matt Elam has been a complete disaster, while second-year player Terrence Brooks waits for a chance to make their mark. Free agent signee Kendrick Lewis is an upgrade over Elam, but still more of a band-aid-for-a-bullet-hole approach. Hill should be a solidifying presence at one safety spot, but free safety should be an open competition in training camp.
Overview
The Ravens roster is very good and fairly deep at most positions, but ultimately their season may come down to how dominant their young players on offense can be in their initial NFL campaigns. Question marks exist, but the Ravens have stable leadership from the top down to Harbaugh, which bodes well for a potentially deep playoff run.
The biggest issue for the team may end up being the biggest issue for all AFC North teams: who makes it out of perhaps the toughest division in football? That question will undoubtedly be examined all season long, in what should be one of the more competitive division title races in the league.
Steam has the best new deal of the day, with it's weekend sale that offers up to 85 percent off Square Enix games. You can get ,Tomb Raider GOTY Edition for $6, Hitman: Absolution for $4, Sleeping Dogs for $7.49, and many more.
Below you'll find the rest of today's best deals divided by platform:
PlayStation 4
Ebay has a PlayStation 4 for $350.
Amazon has a PlayStation 4 with The Last of Us Remastered and a free year of PlayStation Plus for $400.
Other PS4 games deals:
PS4
PS3
PS Vita
Xbox One
Starting Sunday, February 8 through Saturday, February 21, you can get an Xbox One with Kinect for $450 in the US at most major national retailers, including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Target, Toys R Us and Walmart, as well as Microsoft Stores.
Get a year of Xbox Live Gold for $40 from Amazon.
Other Xbox One games deals:
Microsoft announced this week's deals for Xbox One and Xbox 360 owners. Now through February 9, anyone with an Xbox Live Gold subscription can get Far Cry 4 for $40.20, and Far Cry 4 Gold Edition for $60.30. Find the full list this week's deals for Xbox One and Xbox 360 owners here.
Xbox One
Free all month: #IDARB
Xbox 360
Wii U
Preorder Mario Party 10 for $50 from Newegg
PC
If you pay $12 for the the latest Humble Bundle, you'll get nine-Star Wars games, including:
Here's a breakdown of what's available through the Star Wars Humble Bundle.
Theme Hospital is free on Origin.
Other PC games deals:
PS Vita
Hardware
Amazon prices are accurate as of publishing, but can fluctuate occasionally throughout the day.
GameSpot's gaming deals posts always highlight the best deals we can find regardless of retailer. We also occasionally use retailer affiliate links, which means that purchasing goods through those links helps support all the great content (including the deals posts) you find for free here on the site.
Advertisement
Police, border and council officials removed just one homeless Eastern European out of 37 detained in central London this morning despite new 'stricter' rules on problem begging.
Out of 37 homeless people screened at Marble Arch just two were put on flights home - with one going voluntarily due to ill health - on £200 flights paid for by the tax payer.
The operation was aimed at combating the 'offensive consequences' caused by beggars harassing shopkeepers, local residents and tourists in six boroughs in the capital.
It comes a day after it was revealed the number of foreigners moving to Britain had soared dramatically, leaving the Government's flagship pledge to slash immigration in tatters.
Scroll down for video
One of the people removed during the morning raids in central London today is pictured talking to two police officers. Six boroughs in the capital were targeted according to police
Two elderly women sit in the back of a police van following the raids. Police say one person will be removed from the country by UK Border Agency while another will return to Romania voluntarily
A tearful woman sits on some steps while their friend pours the contents of a cup into their hands. Police descended on an area of Park Lane in London at around 4am this morning
Rough sleepers and beggars in parts of London including at Marble Arch (pictured) are being rounded up in a major operation by immigration officers supported by police this morning
The operation is aimed at combating the 'offensive consequences' caused by beggars harassing shopkeepers, local residents and tourists in hotspots such as Marble Arch (pictured) in London
A woman who has been sleeping rough at Marble Arch smokes a cigarette as police and immigration officers talk to them during a major round-up operation in parts of London
David Cameron's long-standing promise to get tough by reducing net migration to ‘tens of thousands' a year suffered a humiliating blow yesterday with news that it rose by 40 per cent.
The Office for National Statistics said 243,000 more people moved to the UK last year than departed – an increase of 68,000 newcomers on the previous year.
European Union citizens accounted for 44,000 – or two-thirds – of the increase, including a rise in arrivals from Romania and Bulgaria.
According to the quarterly statistics, a total of 560,000 immigrants arrived in the UK in the 12 months to March, while an estimated 317,000 people left.
The overall number of arrivals from the EU was 214,000 and, for the first time in three years, the number of people migrating to the UK from outside the EU increased by 19,000 to 265,000. More than 80,000 Britons returned to the UK.
Although the UK Border Agency has the power to send home any EU nationals not exercising their EU Treaty rights, Westminster City Council bosses say 'tighter regulations are needed' and that current powers 'do not go far enough'.
But Immigration and Security Minister James Brokenshire said the operation demonstrated that 'abuse of free movement will not be tolerated' and that action would be taken to remove perpetrators from the UK.
'We work regularly with police, local authorities and other agencies to identify and deal with EU nationals who are not abiding by the rules.
Moving on: Rough sleepers staying in an underpass at Marble Arch pack up their belongings after being approached by immigration officers and police during Operation Encompass this morning
Women sleep in makeshift beds along shop fronts using blankets, cardboard boxes and plastic bags as bedding. They were among many rough sleepers 'processed' by authorities this morning
A police officer talks to a pair of rough sleepers as they are moved on this morning. The police operation is being supported by local authorities, Home Office Immigration Enforcement (HOIE) and other partner agencies
Push chairs and trolleys filled with belongings are lined up against the wall of the underpass while people sleep rough under blankets moments before they are woken by immigration and police officers
According to quarterly statistics, a total of 560,000 immigrants arrived in the UK in the 12 months to March this year, while an estimated 317,000 people left
The Office for National Statistics said 243,000 more people moved to the UK last year than departed – an increase of 68,000 newcomers on the previous year
David Cameron's long-standing promise to get tough by reducing net migration to ‘tens of thousands' a year suffered a humiliating blow yesterday with news that it rose by 40 per cent
'New regulations introduced on 1 January mean that any EU national removed for not fulfilling the residence requirements can now be banned from re-entering the UK for 12 months, unless they can prove they have a valid reason to be here.
'This is just one of the ways we have been working across Government to protect public services and our welfare system, and address the factors that drive European immigration to Britain.'
The raids, which have resulted in 'several' arrests and anti-social behaviour orders being issues, are also taking place in other areas including Camden, Croydon, Islington, Lambeth, and Southwark.
The figures released yesterday offered clear evidence of how a new wave of EU immigration has taken advantage of Britain's fast-recovering economy – which has produced an extra two million private sector jobs since 2010 – while the Eurozone remains mired in chaos.
There was an increase in people arriving for work to 228,000 – up from 190,000 – while 177,000 people came here as students. Ministers have no powers to stop the free movement of European workers.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister, said the Tories had ‘gone quiet' on the target and regarded it as a ‘mistake', while Labour said the Government's migration target was in ‘tatters'.
Westminster City Council cabinet member for community protection, Cllr Nickie Aiken, added: 'I want to stress that the council and its partners go to great lengths to support those in genuine need and help them with a route away from rough sleeping.
'The UK Border Agency already has the power to send home any EU nationals not exercising their EU Treaty rights, and the council will continue to work with the UKBA and Metropolitan Police to ensure that this happens.
'But the fact remains that the current legislative powers available do not go far enough and still allow some people to play the system and exploit a three-month window. We need tighter regulations.'
A female police officer stands guard as rough sleepers, camping out on makeshift beds next to a shop, are woken up and informed about the round-up operation
Metropolitan Police Service Commander Alison Newcomb, who is leading the operation, has said begging would not be tolerated in the City of Westminster or any other borough
Rough sleepers, including one with an accordion (left), keep warm under a duvet as they read leaflets handed out by immigration and police officers this morning
The operation comes a day after it was revealed the number of foreigners moving to Britain had soared dramatically, leaving the Government's flagship pledge to slash immigration in tatters
PC Karen Spencer, who was at the scene, said: 'Wherever you get groups of rough sleepers you will probably get problems with antisocial behaviour and crime.
'We see a lot of different nationalities in the hotspot areas, all of the people processed today were Roma and within their rights to be here apart from one, whose stay had gone over the three month threshold.'
A Scotland Yard spokesperson said the operation involved 'documenting and processing' rough sleepers.
'The processing of people will be noticeable for at least the next couple of hours, or until we finish processing all the people in that area.'
The police operation is being supported by local authorities, Home Office Immigration Enforcement (HOIE) and other partner agencies.
The Met spokesperson added: 'Under the banner of Operation Encompass, this focused proactive operation has led to several arrests and anti-social behaviour notices being issued with a view to seeking ASBOs in due course, where appropriate.
'Police officers, council wardens and HOIE officers have been working in partnership targeting those responsible for such behaviour by concentrating on engaging, disrupting and deterring rough sleeping and begging.
'This operation highlights work that is carried out daily by officers and partners who proactively patrol hotspot areas to speak with those who sleep rough and beg from members of the public.
Immigration and Security Minister James Brokenshire said the operation demonstrated that 'abuse of free movement will not be tolerated' and that action would be taken to removed perpetrators from the UK
A Met police spokesperson has said that several arrests and anti-social behaviour notices have been issued as part of the round-up this morning being issued with a view to seeking ASBOs
A female police officer speaks to two rough sleepers at an underpass near Marble Arch in London as part of the operation. Westminster City Council bosses have stressed that they go to 'great lengths' to support those in genuine need
Thee UK Border Agency has the power to send home any EU nationals not exercising their EU Treaty rights and Westminster City Council has vowed to work with the agency and police to act
European Union citizens accounted for 44,000 – or two-thirds – of the increase on newcomers to the UK last year, including a rise in arrivals from Romania and Bulgaria
Immigration and Security Minister James Brokenshire said the government was 'working with police, local authorities and other agencies to identify and deal with EU nationals who are not abiding by the rules'
The number of people leaving the UK has consistently been lower than the number of immigrants arriving each year since the 1990s
'Assistance is offered through support services and arrests are made where offences are identified.
'Whilst good progress has been made, these issues persist and all partnership agencies are committed to dealing with this matter in a robust and balanced way.'
The spokesperson added: ' We currently have officers out on the ground taking part on this operation. We will be assessing the amount of officer numbers throughout the day, and, for example, if there are many rough sleepers, or beggars, we will change the amount of officers taking part.
'This is a day of action taking place across a number of boroughs, and further days of action will take place in the future.
Metropolitan Police Service Commander Alison Newcomb, who is leading the operation, said begging would not be tolerated in the City of Westminster or any other borough.
'Officers work with immigration partners to utilise legislation launched in January regarding removal from the UK, where the grounds exist.
'They also make referrals to outreach projects in order to help vulnerable individuals break the cycle they find themselves in when sleeping rough, while taking affirmative action against persistent offenders who break the law or cause intimidation to passing members of public.
'Begging will not be tolerated in the City of Westminster or any other London borough. Wherever possible people begging will be arrested and ASBOs sought where appropriate.'
The impact of Romanian beggars on a Mayfair hairdresser has been 'worse than the recession' they claimed today .
Upmarket coiffeur Hakan Altay's said the arrival of the beggars has been worse for their business than the economic crash.
They said: 'My business is down 20 per cent because of these gypsies. It didn't affect us straight away, but it's slowly killing it.
'Even in bad times, the recession, we did better than this. I'd prefer to have the recession back.
'My regulars have been coming here for 30 years, they make comments about it, it's disgusting, I'm trying to keep providing for my family and have built this up and now they are destroying it.'
Mr Altay's male and female clients include celebrities, politicians and billionaire Arab royalty, although their loyal customers have been driven away by the smell of urine and faeces left by the travellers.
The homeless gangs used flower pots they installed outside their salon as latrines after they set up camp under the overhanging shop front.
They said: 'Every single day we have problems. There is rubbish, the place smells terrible - I mean bloody hell, this is Mayfair.
'I had plants along the windows and they s**t and p**s in them.
'I was putting Christmas decorations up last year with my children and there was a guy p***ing against the window, I can't believe we still have this problem.'
Turkish-born Mr Altay was speaking at the Park Lane salon where they have spent 14 year of their 37-year career as a Mayfair hairdresser.
On Friday morning police and border officials moved in as part of a London-wide crackdown on the nuisance beggars, although just two were sent home out of 37 processed.
They continued: 'If you park on a double yellow line they get punished for breaking the law, the authorities will come for you.
'But these people get away with what they want. I understand that there is EU rules, but the police here need to be stronger with them.
'I'm left to call the council sometimes every day to complain about these people, I feel like I'm at a dead end.
Charley Douglass was the first guy who could make anyone laugh at the push of a button. The sound engineer invented the laff box and the laugh-track technique, which was quickly adopted by television in the 1960s and named "sweetening." The laff box was a typewriter-like machine that could produce a specific type and sequence of laughter needed for a particular situation. It operated like an organ, with Douglass using the keyboard to select the style, gender, and age of the laugh needed while using the foot pedal to control the length of the track.
Today we can see the inner mechanisms of the box, but at its birth it was called "the most sought after but well-concealed box in the world," as Kottke notes. No one but Douglass and their immediate family members knew what the inside of the laff box looked like, which added to its mysterious appeal. Inside the machine were exactly 320 laughs, including chuckles, giggles, and boisterous "belly laughs," on 32 tape loops. Each loop contained 10 individual audience laughs, spliced end to end, whirling simultaneously. Since the tapes were looped, the same laughs would play in the same order every time. So if you've ever experienced deja vu hearing an audience on TV roar in laughter, chances are you've probably heard those laughs before — many times.
For other uses of "gun barrel" or "barrel of a gun", see Barrel of a Gun
A gun barrel is a crucial part of gun-type ranged weapons such as small firearms, artillery pieces and air guns. It is the straight shooting tube, usually made of rigid high-strength metal, through which a contained rapid expansion of high-pressure gas(es) is introduced (via propellant combustion or mechanical compression) behind a projectile in order to propel it out of the front end (muzzle) at a high velocity. The hollow interior of the barrel is called the bore. The measurement of the diameter of the bore is called the caliber. Caliber is usually measured in inches or millimetres.
The first firearms were made at a time when metallurgy was not advanced enough to cast tubes capable of withstanding the explosive forces of early cannons, so the pipe (often built from staves of metal) needed to be braced periodically along its length for reinforcement, producing an appearance somewhat reminiscent of storage barrels being stacked together, hence the English name.[1]
History [ edit ]
Gun barrels are usually metal. However, the early Chinese, the inventors of gunpowder, used bamboo, which has a strong, naturally tubular stalk and is cheaper to obtain and process, as the first barrels in gunpowder projectile weapons such as the fire lances.[2] The Chinese were also the first to master cast-iron cannon barrels, and used the technology to make the earliest infantry firearms — the hand cannons. Early European guns were made of wrought iron, usually with several strengthening bands of the metal wrapped around circular wrought iron rings and then welded into a hollow cylinder.[3] Bronze and brass were favoured by gunsmiths, largely because of their ease of casting and their resistance to the corrosive effects of the combustion of gunpowder or salt water when used on naval vessels.[4]
Early firearms were muzzle-loading, with the gunpowder and then the shot loaded from the front end (muzzle) of the barrel, and were capable of only a low rate of fire due to the cumbersome loading process. The later-invented breech-loading designs provided a higher rate of fire, but early breechloaders lacked an effective way of sealing the escaping gases that leaked from the back end (breech) of the barrel, reducing the available muzzle velocity.[5] During the 19th century, effective breechblocks were invented that sealed a breechloader against the escape of propellant gases.[6]
Early cannon barrels were very thick for their caliber. This was because manufacturing defects such as air bubbles trapped in the metal were common back in the days, and played key factors in many gun explosions; these defects made the barrel too weak to withstand the pressures of firing, causing it to fail and fragment explosively.[7]
Construction [ edit ]
A gun barrel must be able to hold in the expanding gas produced by the propellants to ensure that optimum muzzle velocity is attained by the projectile as it is being pushed out. If the barrel material cannot cope with the pressure within the bore, the barrel itself might suffer catastrophic failure and explode, which will not only destroy the gun but also present a life-threatening danger to people nearby. Modern small arms barrels are made of carbon steel or stainless steel materials known and tested to withstand the pressures involved. Artillery pieces are made by various techniques providing reliably sufficient strength.[8][9]
Fluting [ edit ]
In firearms terminology, fluting refers to the removal of material from a cylindrical surface, usually creating rounded grooves, for the purpose of reducing weight. This is most often done to the exterior surface of a rifle barrel, though it may also be applied to the cylinder of a revolver or the bolt of a bolt-action rifle. Most flutings on rifle barrels and revolver cylinders are straight, though helical flutings can be seen on rifle bolts and occasionally also rifle barrels.
While the main purpose of fluting is just to reduce weight and improve portability, when adequately done it can retain the structural strength and rigidity and increase the overall specific strength. Fluting will also increase the surface-to-volume ratio and make the barrel more efficient to cool after firing, though the reduced material mass also means the barrel will heat up easily during firing.
Components [ edit ]
Chamber [ edit ]
The chamber is the cavity at the back end of a breech-loading gun's barrel where the cartridge is inserted in position ready to be fired. In most firearms (rifles, shotguns, machine guns and pistols), the chamber is an integral part of the barrel, often made by simply reaming the rear bore of a barrel blank, with a single chamber within a single barrel. In revolvers, the chamber is a component of the gun's cylinder and completely separate from the barrel, with a single cylinder having multiple chambers that are rotated in turns into alignment with the barrel in anticipation of being fired.
Structurally, the chamber consists of the body, shoulder and neck, the contour of which closely correspond to the casing shape of the cartridge it is designed to hold. The rear opening of the chamber is the breech of the whole barrel, which is sealed tight from behind by the bolt, making the front direction the path of the least resistance during firing. When the cartridge's primer is struck by the firing pin, the propellant is ignited and deflagrates, generating high-pressure gas expansion within the cartridge case. However, the chamber restrains the cartridge case (or shell for shotguns) from moving, allowing the bullet (or shot/slug in shotguns) to separate cleanly from the casing and be propelled forward along the barrel to exit out of the front (muzzle) end as a projectile.
The act of chambering a gun refers to the process of loading a cartridge into the gun's chamber, either manually as in single loading, or via operating the weapon's own action as in pump action, lever action, bolt action or self-loading actions. In the case of an air gun, a pellet itself has no casing to be retained and will be entirely inserted into the chamber (often called "seating" or "loading" the pellet, rather than "chambering" it) before a mechanically pressurized gas is released behind the pellet and propels it forward, meaning that an air gun's chamber is functionally equivalent to the freebore portion of a firearm barrel.
In the context of firearms design, manufacturing and modification, the word "chambering" has a different meaning, and refers to fitting a weapon's chamber specifically to fire a particular caliber or model of cartridge.
Bore [ edit ]
The bore is the hollow internal lumen of the barrel, and takes up a vast majority portion of the barrel length. It is the part of the barrel where the projectile (bullet, shot, or slug) is located prior to firing and where it gains speed and kinetic energy during the firing process. The projectile's status of motion while travelling down the bore is referred to as its internal ballistics.
Most modern firearms (except muskets, shotguns, most tank guns, and some artillery pieces) and air guns (except some BB guns) have helical grooves called riflings machined into the bore wall. When shooting, a rifled bore imparts spin to the projectile about its longitudinal axis, which gyroscopically stabilizes the projectile's flight attitude and trajectory after its exit from the barrel (i.e. the external ballistics). Any gun without riflings in the bore is called a smoothbore gun.
When a firearm cartridge is chambered, its casing occupies the chamber but its bullet actually protrudes beyond the chamber into and touches the wall of the posterior end of the bore. Even in a rifled bore, this short rear section is without rifling, and is called a freebore. The length of the freebore not in contact with the bullet is called the leade, which allows the bullet an initial "run-up" to build up momentum before encountering riflings. The area where the rifleless bore transitions into rifled bore is the throat, where the riflings impactfully “bite” into the moving bullet during shooting, and is subjected to the greatest thermomechanical stress and therefore suffers wear the fastest. Throat erosion is often the main determining factor of a gun's barrel life.
Muzzle [ edit ]
The muzzle is the front end of barrel from which the projectile will exit.[10] Precise machining of the muzzle is crucial to accuracy, because it is the last point of contact between the barrel and the projectile. If inconsistent gaps exist between the muzzle and the projectile, escaping propellant gases may spread unevenly and deflect the projectile from its intended path (see transitional ballistics). The muzzle can also be threaded on the outside to allow the attachment of different accessory devices.
In rifled barrels, the contour of a muzzle is designed to keep the rifling safe from damage by intruding foreign objects, so the front ends of the rifling grooves are commonly protected behind a concave crown, which also serves to modulate the even expansion of the propellant gases. The crown itself is often recessed from the outside rim of the muzzle to avoid accidental damage from collision with the surrounding environment.
In smoothbore barrels firing multiple sub-projectiles (such as shotgun shots), the bore at the muzzle end might have a tapered constriction called choke to shape the scatter pattern for better range and accuracy. Chokes are implemented as either interchangeable screw-in chokes for particular applications, or as fixed permanent chokes integral to the barrel.
During firing, a bright flash of light known as a muzzle flash is often seen at the muzzle. This flash is produced by both superheated propellent gases radiating energy during expansion (primary flash), and the incompletely combusted propellant residues reacting vigorously with the fresh supply of ambient air upon escaping the barrel (secondary flash). The size of the flash depends on factors such as barrel length (shorter barrels have less time for complete combustion, hence more unburnt powder), the type (fast- vs. slow-burning) and amount of propellant (higher total amount means likely more unburnt residues) loaded in the cartridge. Flash suppressors or muzzle shrouds can be attached to the muzzle of the weapon to either diminish or conceal the flash.[10]
The rapid expansion of propellant gases at the muzzle during firing also produce a powerful shockwave known as a muzzle blast. The audible component of this blast, also known as a muzzle report, is the loud "bang" sound of gunfire that can easily exceeds 140 decibels and cause permanent hearing loss to the shooter and bystanders. The non-audible component of the blast is an infrasonic overpressure wave that can cause damage to nearby fragile objects. Accessory devices such as muzzle brakes and muzzle boosters can be used to redirect muzzle blast in order to counter the recoil-induced muzzle rise or to assist the gas operation of the gun, and suppressors (and even muzzle shrouds) can be used to reduce the blast noise intensity felt by nearby personnels.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
In this article I will discuss how having just the ID of a Docker image can get you the contents of the image on all known Docker registry services, with the exception of Quay.io. I conclude with a fun game of capture the flag where you can try to steal a secret that I've placed in the various registries.
TL;DR You need to treat your Docker image IDs as secrets, like SSH keys or passwords. Do not post them in support tickets. No more screencasts where you run docker inspect. Do not post screenshots of your repository pages on index.docker.io. Just don't do it.
Docker Images are like Onions
Why are IDs important to keep secret?
The answer stems from the way that most Docker repositories lay out and protect their images. If you look at the registry API specification, you can see that the spec treats all images as equal, whether they belong to you, or a stranger.
GET /v1/images/(image_id)/layer : get image layer for a given image_id
You'll notice that there is nothing in that URL about whom the user is, which repository it belongs to, or whether it is public or private.
Docker by design composes images out of layers, each of which represents a change to a base image. As a result, your repositories can and will share images with many other repositories. This flat image namespace and its associated sharing feature gives us vectors for maliciously gaining access to image layer data, some of which potentially contain secrets that you may have put in your “private” images.
Never Tell Me the Odds
At first, this doesn't seem so bad; After all, Image IDs are 256 bits of random data and that's pretty hard to guess. As Wikipedia states:
50 supercomputers that could check a billion billion (1018) AES keys per second (if such a device could ever be made) would, in theory, require about 3×1051 years to exhaust the 256-bit key space.
Pretty difficult, right? Unfortunately, there are some considerations that significantly weaken the strength of of this seemingly uncrackable key. The first is that a shortened version is commonly passed around in docker. This shorter identifier is a 12 character hex string, which represents a decrease in entropy of 48 bits, reducing the computation time to 1.3x10^37 years. This is still forever in the practical sense. There are other mathematical and statistical phenomenon, such as the birthday problem, that show that a 256-bit key should still be unguessable from a practical sense.
A slightly more obscure attack on the key space may involve the usage of /dev/urandom for generating these “random” keys. If you run Docker on a desktop, which feeds environmental sources of randomness to the random number generator, you can be pretty sure that your keys are secure; the chances of someone else making the same mouse movements as you do is very unlikely. On the other hand, if you use Docker from a cloud server, which has no such sources of entropy, you may end up only getting pseudorandom numbers. An attacker who was sufficiently motivated may be able to sync up their machine with image IDs that you may expose publicly through the index, and guess your future “private” IDs. This, however, is still highly improbable.
The Social Problem
The real potential for attack, and the reason I say that you, the reader, must keep your image IDs private, is that they are not treated like secrets by Docker and many tools built on Docker.
Take a look at the following snippet of output from a docker inspect command against a running container:
[{
“ID”:“0dbec7ab91a2bb26250325124337dd5e98ff5d3a90a1f23b847dd734125e52ce”,
“Image”:“9cd978db300e27386baa9dd791bf6dc818f13e52235b26e95703361ec3c94dc6",
…
}]
Oops, there's the entire 256-bit key. How about this screenshot from index.docker.io:
Ouch. It is also easy to imagine these IDs being thoughtlessly appended to support tickets, IRC channels, forums, etc. As usual, it's the social aspect to security that proves to be the weakest.
There may also be technical problems where these IDs are inadvertently exposed. When a competitor to Quay.io recently launched, we immediately found that their implementation of the /tags endpoint from the Docker index specification didn't check credentails and would give away complete image IDs to anyone who could guess the username and repository name! Since many users use the same username everywhere online, and many users pick “base”, “backend” or “test” as their first repository names, guessing these would not be hard at all, certainly less than the 3×1051 years of guessing that I was initially promised.
The Quay.io Solution
At Quay.io we put a layer of indirection between the image ID and the actual image storage that is specific to the repository to which it is associated. We still share images for performance reasons, but first you either have to prove to us that you have access to the image, or we make you re-upload it. This allows us to prevent these kinds of attacks completely while still maintaining the benefits of caching layers. Feel free to leak your Quay.io IDs as often as you want; we will never give your data away without appropriate access credentials.
Capture the Flag
If you would like to see what I'm talking about, I've put a secret, located at the path /secret, in an image and pushed it to a private repository in all of the following registries. If I missed any registries, please let me know and I will extend the challenge to those registries as well. I will post the first person who emails the correct secret to support@quay.io below:
After Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis' 11-hour filibuster helped defeat a controversial anti-abortion bill aimed at severely cutting access to abortion services across Texas, even their Republican colleagues had to express their admiration.
"Quite a few very respectfully told me that they thought I did an incredible job, that they admired what it takes to do something like that," Davis told The Huffington Post in an interview Sunday. "They understand the stress and the pressure that I was under, not only because of what the physical demands of that are, but also the mental demands of it ... I appreciated the comments afterward."
Davis' emotional testimony appeared to gradually galvanize supporters in the state and across the country, hour by hour. Them supporters filled the state Capitol's gallery, standing shoulder-to-shoulder in hallways and lining up down the steps outside.
Roughly 157,000 flocked to the Texas Tribune's stream of the proceedings on YouTube to watch as chants of "Wendy!" from the gallery helped successfully prevent a vote by the midnight deadline. At its peak, the Tribune's livestream hit some 183,000 viewers. Davis says the waves of clapping and chants surprised even them Was it planned? "My goodness, no," they say. "You can't plan something like this."
"Ultimately at the end when the microphones of Democratic senators were shut off as we were trying to hold the floor, which we rightfully should have been able to do, I think it was just this organic response," they say. "It wasn't anything but democracy."
Gov. Rick Perry (R) has called for a second special session to pass the abortion bill. The session begins July 1 at 2 p.m. and could last a month. Although the bill is expected to pass in the Republican-dominated legislature, Davis says it is not a done deal -- after all, now all of Texas and the nation is paying attention. They say even Republicans may hesitate at voting for the bill, which could potentially shutter all but a handful of abortion clinics in the state and would bar women from having abortions after 20 weeks into their pregnancy.
"I think that there are certainly some members across the aisle that are giving this a second thought," Davis says. "And I wouldn't attribute that necessarily to anything I said or did. But the reaction that they're seeing -- the very organic reaction that they're seeing from across the state of Texas, I think it's giving some people pause, as it should."
This sentiment has not been reflective in the public comments from Perry and Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, also a Republican. Perry suggested Davis should be grateful their mother did not abort them and that Davis, who raised two daughters as a single mother, should learn "from their own example." Dewhurst called Tuesday's cheering throng an "unruly mob."
Davis scoffs at the comparison. At one point, police arrested a 72-year-old woman, and threatened to arrest demonstrators who were using sign language.
The personal attacks by Perry, Davis says, are "emblematic of this broader issue."
"It demonstrated that they just don't understand how very personal these issues are," they explain. "My story, my personal story, is my story. I have the ability to make choices and I had opportunities that I was able to take advantage of in my life. Other women of course should be able to define their own destinies and this idea that the heavy hand of government should somehow come in and tell them how to do that is deeply resented in [a] state like Texas. It's deeply resented everywhere, but if you know anything about Texas, we hold very strongly to our traditions and our values where personal liberties are concerned."
The controversial abortion bill is just the latest step under the Perry administration to severely limit health care options for women in the past few years. The Texas Tribune reports that the 2011 legislative session produced a law that required a woman seeking to end their pregnancy to have a sonogram and hear a description of the fetus before doing so. The legislature also slashed state money for family planning, which led to 117 clinics losing funds and 56 closing.
The Texas Tribune noted that researchers at the University of Texas at Austin estimate that "144,000 fewer women received health services and 30,000 fewer unintended pregnancies were averted in 2012 than in 2010. The state's savings from the family planning program dropped by an estimated $163 million."
Legislators in this past session worked to reverse the funding cuts, but the damage from previous cuts could still limit capacity. This is still the same legislative body that includes a female state representative who recently mused that rape kits could cause abortions. "In the emergency room, they have what's called rape kits, where a woman can get cleaned out," state Rep. Jodie Laubenberg (R-Parker) said.
Davis says they understand the threat to women across the state. "I had a child so young, I was a teenager," they say. "I understood that in order to take the next step forward in my life and to do it in a positive way that would lift up me and my daughter that I needed to take control of my family decision making. I needed family planning services. I needed to make sure that I didn't add to the incredible responsibility I already had so that I could take advantage of working, going to school and trying to go forward. I had this deeply personal understanding of why making sure that women have those opportunities was important."
But they add when they were a teenager, there wasn't a war on Planned Parenthood. "Back then the Texas I was living in was not a Texas where this issue had become a political football," Davis says. "I never ever had to worry that I couldn't go to the Planned Parenthood clinic here in Fort Worth and access my family planning services. I did that for years. They were my only source of healthcare. No one was ever standing at the bully pulpit in the political arena trying to stop that from happening."
"It keeps blowing our expectations," says Tanene Allison, communications director for the Texas Democratic Party. "Even if we didn't want to organize something, people want to be at the Capitol on Monday. They want to have a presence when the special session starts."
Heather Busby, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Texas, says they hope to be able to build -- and organize -- off this momentum. "This is an amazing opportunity to engage folks and hopefully have lifelong voters come out of this," they say. "We've just been overwhelmed at my office with the support that we've been getting."
Davis anticipates a presence at the Capitol not just Monday but throughout the session. They add that they and their fellow Democrats are strategizing on how to move forward once the session begins. They haven't talked about doing another filibuster. "It's too soon to say," whether another will be attempted, they add.
But there will be one crucial difference between this session and the last. "I know that it's not a lonely fight that we are going to be fighting," Davis says. "We are going to be joined by a chorus of voices from all over the state and even all over the country."
But this also means that Perry and other opponents will be expecting the fight, and won't be ambushed by pro-choice demonstrators. Davis says that if the abortion bill passes, they would be shocked if there wasn't an immediate court fight.
[Haskell-cafe] ANNOUNCE: dbus-core 0.5 and dbus-client 0.1
These are pure-Haskell client libraries for using the D-Bus protocol. D-Bus is heavily used for inter-application IPC on Free and open-source desktop platforms, such as Linux, OpenSolaris, and FreeBSD. These libraries allow applications written in Haskell to inter-operate with other components of recent GNOME, KDE, and XFCE desktops. This is the first "real" release of these libraries; dbus-core has been published on Hackage for some time, but mostly just to make sure I got the Cabal bits right. I feel they are now stable / featureful enough for public use. Both are available on Hackage: http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dbus-core http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dbus-client --------- "dbus-core" is an implementation of the D-Bus protocol, specifically the parts relevant to clients. Eventually, it will probably grow some functions useful for implementing a message bus as well. It includes type mapping / conversion, an implementation of the wire format (marshaling / unmarshaling), data types for the currently defined message types (METHOD_CALL, METHOD_RETURN, ERROR, and SIGNAL) and a basic parser / generator for introspection documents. It is roughly equivalent in purpose to libdbus. By itself, a protocol implementation is somewhat cumbersome to use, so "dbus-client" is a high-level wrapper. It provides some abstractions like remote object proxies, exported object trees, synchronous method calls, signal reception, and name reservation. Messages are received and processed in separate IO threads, allowing asynchronous method call and signal handling. The purpose between splitting the library into two packages is stability; "dbus-core", ideally, will change only rarely -- performance improvements, new message / data types, etc. It provides a base level of functionality which more specialised libraries may use. "dbus-client" is an example of what such a library could look like, though for now it's not very Haskell-y (IO everywhere, exceptions, explicit locking). By separating the protocol from the client libs, alternative client libs can safely depend on the protocol implementation. --------- To see a sample of the library working, there's a clone of the "dbus-monitor" utility in <dbus-core/Examples>. Documentation is currently a bit lacking, so for now, the best documentation is the PDF of the source code itself, and the (rather barren) Haddock output: https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-core_0.5.pdf https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-core_0.5/index.html https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-client_0.1.pdf https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-client_0.1/index.html Once more people have used it without any major API issues, I'll write up a manual and populate the Haddock entries. Please respond with any feedback, difficulties, or suggestions. I'm particularly interested in ways to improve the public API, since I would rather make any breaking changes *before* anything big depends on these libraries.
TAMPA — A lot went into Tampa's trouble-free protests during the 2012 Republican National Convention: Intense planning. Lessons of past conventions. Big spending on extra officers, training and equipment. Even a tropical storm.
And then there's this: An undercover police operation in which officers infiltrated and took leadership roles in the protest groups they were surveilling.
"They were aware of plans that were afoot to do mischief," Tampa police Maj. Marc Hamlin said of the undercover officers, who came from a variety of agencies.
The undercover intelligence, they said, was "at the highest level of importance" for an RNC that had no violent clashes, little property damage and fewer arrests than are typically made in the fourth quarter of a Tampa Bay Buccaneers home game.
Normally, police wouldn't acknowledge, let alone discuss, such an undercover operation. But Hamlin talked a little about the 2012 RNC efforts Monday because the secret was already out. Last month, a reporter for the Cleveland Plain Dealer, attending a maritime security conference in Cleveland (which is hosting the 2016 RNC), heard them describe how police managed to join and "take over" protest groups.
"They became, like, the leaders of the group," Hamlin confirmed Monday.
Using undercover officers for protests or big public gatherings is not unusual, either in Tampa or anywhere else, they said. Plainclothes officers work Tampa's annual Gasparilla pirate parade. Organizing for the undercover operations began as soon as police began planning for the Republican convention, which took place the last week of August 2012.
"You're only as good as your intelligence," Hamlin said. "Everything else is reactive."
During the convention itself, plainclothes officers joined protest marches and used smart phones to send live video to commanders. The National Journal reported in 2012 that RNC authorities could use facial-recognition software to help identify demonstrators, if necessary, but Hamlin said, "we didn't use it in Tampa. I don't know about St. Pete."
News of the undercover operations came as no surprise to one protest leader.
"They did it in the 2008 RNC. Why wouldn't they keep doing that?" said Jared Hamil, 27, an activist who helped coordinate plans for the Coalition to March on the RNC. "I'll say about 2012, there were lots of people who came to help organize for the protests that I had never met before and that shortly after the protests I never saw again."
Intelligence operations were just one piece of a larger effort that made for peaceful demonstrations and only two arrests, compared to 10 to 15 for a Bucs game.
Tropical Storm Isaac appeared to keep many protesters home. The National Lawyers Guild reported at least 16 busloads of protesters from other cities were canceled as a result of the storm.
The city also used a $50 million federal security grant to bring in, train, equip, house and feed a couple of thousand additional officers from around Florida. Police bought some heavy-duty vehicles and made a wide range of communications and computer upgrades. The Secret Service ringed convention sites with concrete and steel.
Before the convention, officials scoured downtown for suspicious items, turning up pipes and sticks, plus 300 tiles stacked on a parking garage roof, bricks stashed in an electric box and a parked Mercury Cougar loaded with medical supplies and riot gear.
As important, police worked to de-escalate confrontations. When demonstrators baited and taunted officers, majors reminded them over their radios, "Remember your training. Stay calm."
Then-police Chief Jane Castor has said police tried to learn what protesters were trying to accomplish and, when possible, to work with them. If marchers wanted to close a street so photographers could document the action, police generally let them do it. At one point, assistant police Chief John Bennett kneeled down to ask a group of protesters lying in a downtown street to clear out because the road was a route to Tampa General Hospital. They did.
The undercover officers were key in these efforts because some of the most loosely organized groups had no identifiable leaders who would take responsibility for the group's agenda, Hamlin said. City officials could prepare to work with protesters because they had good intelligence on what they wanted to accomplish.
The cat-and-mouse went both ways.
"Anyone that was real, they didn't go out of their way to meet me," said activist Amos Miers, 38, who said every effort they were involved was for peaceful and lawful demonstrations. "The ones that did, they were suspect. It was odd that certain types of people would seek me out to be my friend."
At one point, Miers said they organized a separate meeting of about six or eight people, all of whom they suspected of being informants or more.
"What does that mean when law enforcement are taking leadership roles in protest movements?" they asked. They said it means a government crackdown on dissent, thwarting grass-roots efforts to bring about democratic change. "It's saying that the tools that we supposedly have under the Constitution to create change and to address problems are broken."
Manus Island asylum seekers allegedly tortured, threatened with rape by guards in secret compound over Reza Barati death
Updated
An asylum seeker at the Manus Island detention centre has alleged they and another detainee were tortured, physically assaulted, threatened with rape and forced to sign papers withdrawing their witness accounts about the night Iranian asylum seeker Reza Barati died.
The man, aged in their 20s, has spoken publicly for the first time about what they said Wilson Security guards and Transfield staff did to them in a secret compound called Chauka.
The asylum seeker making the claims said they were too scared to be named.
To protect their identity and the identity of the other detainee at the centre of the allegations, their names have been changed to Mike and Matthew.
Mike claimed they were putting themselves in more danger by telling their story, but said they had to make it public.
"We were not meant to expose it because they said to us, 'you shouldn't tell anyone. If you tell anyone we will take you to Chauka again and after getting raped we will deport you'," they said.
"But we need to expose it... I really don't care what's going to happen. If they want to kill me, threaten me or beat me... I have to expose the truth."
The secrecy surrounding the compound and what happens in it has been fuelled by the fact that it does not appear on any of the official maps of the detention centre.
It is made up of a series of converted shipping containers, each containing a single bed and no windows.
Mike said what happened to them in the secret compound was horrifying.
"I have nightmares and I have mental problems. At night time I cry because of what happened in Chauka," they said.
"I'm not lying, I have lots of panic attacks, I have anxiety. My condition is getting worse every day."
'They tied us, they beat us, they threatened us to get raped'
Mike claims the people who did this to them were employed by Wilson Security, and they can identify them by name and face.
"We were taken to Chauka. They tied us, they beat us, they threatened us to get raped and they handcuffed us to two plastic chairs," they said.
"They kept me for four days and they kept Matthew for three days. We were handcuffed and beaten. They beat us in the body to avoid bruising in the face."
Mike and Matthew were taken to Chauka after they complained about changes to internet and phone policies that were severely hampering asylum seekers' ability to communicate with their families.
Their movement into Chuaka is not being disputed, but what happened to them while they were there is.
Mike said they signed papers under duress without being allowed to read them.
"We were shocked and asked why are you beating us? We were crying. They said 'you need to sign this piece of paper... it's about your deportation'," they said.
"We said 'we're not going to sign it'.
And they said 'if you don't sign it we're going to get locals to rape you because you are the ones who want to explain in the court and be witnesses against Australia and PNG'.
"We didn't have any other solution so we accepted it.
"If you were me you would have signed it."
Mike also alleges that while in Chauka, they and Matthew were made to sleep on muddy ground and fed only bread and water.
"You can't believe how hard that moment was for us and still I have nightmares of it," they said.
"Still I cry, I moan at night time when I'm sleeping about all the things that happened to us... and I think still our lives are in danger here.
"Lots of times the guards come and bully us and they start teasing me.
"They say things like, 'how did you find Chauka? Was it good?' And 'do you want to go again? And we'll keep an eye on you if you do anything wrong, we'll do that again'."
'Mike' wants independent investigation into allegations
Mike has called for an independent investigation into what they allege happened to them in Chauka.
They also claim they and Matthew were not the only asylum seekers subjected to inhumane treatment while in the compound.
"Why is no one responsible for this? I know several people and some of them got beaten there - but they can't speak English," they said.
The Australian Government has confirmed Chauka's existence, but denied the asylum seekers' allegations.
"The Government rejects claims that the transferees were subjected to cruel and inhumane treatment as alleged. These are more exaggerated claims. The Minister is advised a full investigation was undertaken by Transfield with the claims being determined to have absolutely no foundation," a spokesperson for Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said.
The Government's full statement said:
The Minister has been advised the two men referred to in reports today became abusive and aggressive and were moved in accordance with operational policy within the centre. The Government rejects claims that the transferees were subjected to cruel and inhumane treatment as alleged. These are more exaggerated claims. As necessary, transferees are moved to different accommodation areas within the Manus Offshore Processing Centre (OPC) for operational reasons including for their safety and wellbeing and the safety and wellbeing of others. This can include short-term managed accommodation. Transferees in Chauka Compound have access to a shower, adequate meals and drinks, and are permitted to go to the bathroom when necessary. They also have access to health care, case managers, religious representatives, education staff and legal visits. Transferees also have access to medication as needed and are permitted to exercise, be outdoors, and access educational and reading materials. The Managed Accommodation Area is for transferees who present as a threat to others or themselves or preventing the continuance of an offence or to prevent injury or harm to themselves or others. It can also be used to provide vulnerable transferees respite or rehabilitation and time out in order to assist in the mental health and behaviour management process. The Chauka Compound is used only for as long as is necessary to prevent such events and for the shortest practicable time or to enable sufficient support. Further to our response regarding claims of human rights violations: The Minister is advised that the complaints raised with Ben Pynt are the only complaints that the department is aware of. The Minister is advised there has been no such complaints made to local authorities or service providers on site. The Minister is advised a full investigation was undertaken by Transfield with the claims being determined to have absolutely no foundation."
Ben Pynt is the director of Human Rights Advocacy at Humanitarian Research Partners, a non-profit human rights and humanitarian research organisation.
They have been in regular contact with the two asylum seekers and raised their allegations of mistreatment with the Australian Federal Police (AFP) and the office of United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR).
The AFP responded to Mr Pynt by saying that Papua New Guinea police were the most appropriate law enforcement organisation to investigate the allegation.
Mr Pynt disagreed and backed Mike's calls for an independent investigation.
"The specificity of their claims is such that you couldn't make it up. Dates, times, places, people and then the documents corroborate all of those things," they said.
"It really makes me think there's no doubt.
"Quite frankly, I don't believe the Minister and neither should the Australian public. The Minister's denial has no factual basis.
"He hasn't responded to any of the individual claims and they haven't asked an independent person to find out what happened.
"It's very simple for Mr Morrison to deny that anything has taken place.
"It's very easy for us to prove the opposite, and in the fullness of time I am confident that these claims will be borne out to be true."
Victoria Martin-Iverson, a spokesperson for the refugee rights action network in Perth, has also had regular contact with Mike, Matthew and other asylum seekers on Manus Island.
They said other detainees have also been pressured to sign documents withdrawing their witness testimony about the night Mr Barati died.
"I have seen copies of the letter given to people who have made a statement that they would like to return home and who have also made witness statements," they said.
"In that letter they are in fact told that if they are a witness they cannot return home, and if they want to return home they need to retract their witness statements.
"So again, we have independent evidence that corroborate people's statements that they are put under some bizarre and extraordinary pressure to withdraw their witness statements regarding what they witnessed the night that Reza Barati was killed.
"I've had regular communications with both men that have made the allegations.
"The information that they give us has been consistently reliable, detailed and to date not one single allegation that they have made has been proven to be incorrect.
"They have a right like any other human being to say this happened to me.
"If it's not true, prove it's not true."
Topics: refugees, law-crime-and-justice, international-law, government-and-politics, immigration, community-and-society, papua-new-guinea, australia
First posted
By Ryan Florence
Lots of hubbub about frameworks versus libraries in browser development. Its an unavailing conversation because the choice doesn't really exist.
Definitions
Module - A unit that performs a single task or a few related tasks.
Library - A set of modules with shared purpose.
Framework - The glue between modules and libraries to expose a unified API with abstractions that keep code you don't want (or know) to write out of your application.
A note about the definition of framework: Some people define framework v. library as "I call library code, frameworks call my code." I can't identify frameworks with this definition when I call React.renderComponent() and then React calls render on my component. If this is your definition of framework, please s/framework/architecture/g .
Positions
Frameworks: Abstract the stuff you need to do all the time and focus instead on what makes your app unique.
Libraries: Frameworks will have a couple bad opinions, or twenty, and you write a ton of code to get around them; just give me flexibility because my app is unique.
You Can't Have a Framework, Though
When you decide to not pick a public framework, you will end up with a framework anyway: your own.
You will write code to glue the modules and libraries together.
You will write abstractions when you identify boilerplate to make yourself and your team more productive.
You will write abstractions to consider things the consumers of your code probably don't know about (i.e. accessibility, browser quirks, etc.)
You'd better go update your Twitter profile because you are now the author of a framework.
It's Fine, Just Be Serious About It
If you don't pick a public framework, you should commit to building one on purpose, not by accident:
Dedicate time to design public APIs with several developers: don't just commit what works for your current feature. A bad abstraction is really expensive; you need more brains than your own to prevent them.
with several developers: don't just commit what works for your current feature. A bad abstraction is really expensive; you need more brains than your own to prevent them. Document public API --in fact, don't commit any without usage docs. If your team can't figure out how to use your stuff, they have to come to you; you've become a bottleneck. Additionally, using git blame to figure out who to talk to when you're stuck in some home-grown framework code is a terrible plight.
--in fact, don't commit any without usage docs. If your team can't figure out how to use your stuff, they have to come to you; you've become a bottleneck. Additionally, using to figure out who to talk to when you're stuck in some home-grown framework code is a terrible plight. Maintain the framework . If you don't, it'll evolve into a liability.
. If you don't, it'll evolve into a liability. Realize the cost . A community puts exponentionally more effort into an abstraction than you can, how much time will you spend on the framework v. other responsibilities?
. A community puts exponentionally more effort into an abstraction than you can, how much time will you spend on the framework v. other responsibilities? Be capable . Framework-level code is difficult, most of us aren't good at it. Do you have the experience and design skills needed?
. Framework-level code is difficult, most of us aren't good at it. Do you have the experience and design skills needed? Be able to answer yes to this question: if the framework you end up with were on github, would you still pick it?
It's About Design
When you cross over from algorithms to architecture, you are now in the subjective side of programming. Unlike algorithms, there is no objectively optimal design for a framework API. Some people are not going to like your design in the same way you didn't like the design of the public frameworks.
Finally, do you prefer driving in auto parts or automobiles?
Photo by Comedy Central, from The Daily Show
If you ever catch me in a moment of weakness about the weapons-grade dumbosity of global warming denial on the Republican side of the U.S. House of Representatives, it might look a lot like what Jon Stewart did on The Daily Show on the Sept. 22, 2014, show:
It's become a cliché that majority members of the House Science Committee know nothing at all about actual science (or they do, but choose to ignore it for ideological reasons)—but here on display for all to see is just how ridiculous the reality of it is. What you just saw are long, long debunked denial points being brought up like they are revealed wisdom, along with “gotcha”-style barbs that are transparently, bone-headedly wrong.
Phil Plait writes Slate's Bad Astronomy blog and is an astronomer, public speaker, science evangelizer, and author of Death From the Skies!
Advertisement
And isn't presidential science adviser John Holdren a freaking ninja in those clips? They easily and smoothly shuts down the salvos of scientific ignorance tossed out by the committee members. For their part, I'm very glad Stewart pointed out the glaring hypocrisy of people like Rep. Larry Bucshon, R-Indiana, who accuses climatologists of faking the science for money, when Bucshon themselves is funded quite well by fossil fuel interests.*
Holy oiliness. It's loathsome enough that Bucshon would choose to simply ignore the agreement of the vast majority of climatologists who know the Earth is warming and that it's our fault … but to do so while happily taking the Koch brothers' money is really galling.
If I seem upset about this, it's because I am. It's like we're in some sort of alternate reality, a Hollywood spoof of what government is like. But it's real, and these buffoons are holding up any real chance we have of making any progress about one of the (if not the single) the largest problem we as a species face.
There's an election coming up, folks. Vote. I know there's essentially no chance that the GOP will lose the majority in the House, but it's important to get out there and vote, and to get others to as well. If we don't, then we're just handing over our future to these people who have their minds firmly closed to reality.
Latest data from Superdataresearch shows that the digital collectible card game market is set to generate $1.4B in revenue in 2017. Of the entire collectible card game market (including physical CCGs), digital CCGs made up 61% of the market. Hearthstone led the pack in 2016 with worldwide earnings of $395M and Shadowverse trailed at #2 and surprised everyone with $100M in revenue last year despite launching halfway through the year. WWE Supercard ($28.4M) took the #3 spot, followed by Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Link ($23.9M) at #4, then Magic: The Gathering Online ($20.6M) at #5, Star Wars: Force Collection ($16.9M) at #6, and Magic Duels ($9.4M) at #7.
Another interesting tidbit of data from the Superdata report was that of U.S. CCG players, 7.6% spend real cash on in-game content, a far higher rate of monetization than most free to play games. The average spend is $34.22 a month. Another interesting bit of data was that the digital CCG market was surprisingly evenly split, with 11.6M in Asia and 9.1M in North America (remember, the overall F2P market in Asia is over 4x bigger revenue-wise). Hearthstone really got the ball rolling on digital card games and since its release we've seen countless major studios try their luck at the genre. Time will tell if anyone can dethrone them or not though.
I'm surprised Shadowverse got the numbers it did in 2016. I actually really like the game so I hope it does even better in 2017. The entire digital CCG market is set to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 4% between 2017-2020 according to the report.
Source: SuperData Full Digital Collectible Card Games Report 2017
Thanksgiving. A holiday with an often misunderstood history, the fourth Thursday in November has evolved into a day of togetherness; of sanctioned overindulgence and NFL games with throwback jerseys. Turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and pie also bring food related fears to the dining room, and it's often tricky to separate the credible wheat from the internet misinformation chaff. With common food fallacies, from the alleged harms of gluten and GMOs, to the so-called “toxicity” of high fructose corn syrup and refined white sugar running amok on social media and around dinner tables alike, let's take a deep breath and have gratitude for our abundance as we gather to give thanks.
Don't fret over high fructose corn syrup
From Facebook to Twitter, social media abounds with advice on foods to avoid this holiday. “DON'T put Cool Whip on top of that Thanksgiving pie!”, declares South Carolina grocer SC Real Foods, with a sad-faced emoji. Due in part to high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) and “a few things we just can't pronounce”, the store's Facebook page implores customers to buy So Delicious brand non-dairy CocoWhip topping instead, which boasts organic coconut oil, organic tapioca syrup and organic cane syrup among its ingredients.
Sounds like a sweet swap, but outside of the empty feel-good vibe of CocoWhip's organic ingredients, there is no compelling reason to choose it over a more conventional whipped topping (barring lactose intolerant or vegan guests). Unless you're avoiding sweets altogether, HFCS, which is available in varying concentrations of fructose and glucose, certainly isn't a good reason to pass on Cool Whip.
Table sugar, honey, cane syrup and HFCS, all forms of sugar, are metabolized similarly in the body and should be consumed in moderation. Interestingly, CocoWhip packs 30 calories per two tablespoon serving, while Cool Whip original adds just 25 calories to your slice of pumpkin or apple decadence. Nevertheless, the 5 calorie discrepancy won't make a big difference in the caloric intake at dessert-- a slice of pecan pie packs a whopping 500 calories. Feel free to forget that figure, just for one day, and enjoy the pie.
Don't fear GMOs
On November 12th, the Non-GMO Project, a certification organization that has verified thousands of products as GMO free, hosted a Twitter holiday party. The non-profit's Twitter feed encouraged followers to educate their families about the alleged harms of GMOs this Thanksgiving, going as far as calling the inclusion of genetically engineered ingredients in food “unethical”.
Funny that an organization that certifies salt, an inanimate substance, as non-GMO despite the fact that the O in GMO stands for organism, would question ethics. Salt, after all, is a mineral, not a living thing. Never mind that agricultural genetic engineering, which creates “GMOs” using precise molecular techniques, has been in use for over twenty years, has caused zero health problems and poses no unique threat to the environment; all facts confirmed by more than 2,000 studies, many of which are independently funded.
Rather than fear genetically engineered ingredients this Thanksgiving, perhaps we should fear so-called “education” from the Non-GMO Project, whose Board of Directors includes representatives from stakeholder groups in the natural products industry, which warns visitors to its website that “GMOs may be hidden in common processed food ingredients”, including amino acids.
The Non-GMO Project not only verifies salt, which is absurd enough, but it implies that amino acids are a surreptitious ingredient that hides GMOs; a laughable conceit. The average visitor may not realize that amino acids aren't any old processed food ingredient, but the fundamental building blocks of all life, including humans, animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria, genetically engineered and non-genetically engineered alike. Proteins, which serve purposes from structure to immunity, metabolic to enzymatic functions and more, are macromolecules composed of amino acid chains, without which life on earth wouldn't exist.
There's no problem with a little family education over green bean casserole and turkey, but let's make sure the education is based in facts, not fear.
Chemicals aren't creepy
The Environmental Working Group, an NGO known for its annual list of “Dirty Dozen” fruits and veggies that they recommend buying organic to avoid pesticide residues, advises “low-pesticide” organic produce in EWG's Guide To A Healthy Thanksgiving. It's enough to make any conscientious holiday cook run screaming from the produce section. Despite the organization's flawed methodology, which tests for number of distinct pesticide residues rather than residue levels and is funded in large part by organic industry leaders, media outlets from CBS News to Good Housekeeping promote the yearly list.
Pesticides, which are toxic by definition and can be naturally derived or synthetic, are commonly used in both conventional and organic farming, and their residues are far too low to harm humans on both conventional and organic produce. There is no reason, outside of unfounded fear, to abide by the EWG's advice regarding the "Dirty Dozen" or to opt for organic produce on Thanksgiving.
If posited pesticide peril wasn't scary enough this Thanksgiving, how about a nice dollop of chemophobia to go with your dinner roll? Followers of the Indiana Organic Gardeners Association were reminded to shop their supposed "chemical-free" market just in time for the holidays. “Everything you want for Thanksgiving, without any of the chemicals!”, the Facebook page announced.
The only chemical-free item at this and other similar "chemical-free" markets is the hype. Presumably, this ad refers to synthetic chemicals, which seem more risky than naturally occurring ones, due in large part to the popular “appeal to nature” fallacy. Peel back the skin of a tasty fruit, or peer into the dregs of a warm drink and we realize that nature is as creepy, and sometimes more so, than synthetics.
Take formaldehyde, for example. An active ingredient in embalming fluid, it occurs naturally in fruits and veggies, and even in the human body, during the process of synthesizing certain amino acids. And after dinner, drowsy holiday guests might enjoy an all natural dose of a methylxanthine alkaloid—which is an insecticide, herbicide, and psychoactive drug. For those who can't pronounce methylxanthine alkaloid, you can call it by its better known name-- caffeine-- which is safe at relatively low doses in coffee, tea, and cola.
A side of perspective with your pie
Fear is often warranted, but GMOs, pesticides and chemicals should be the least of our concerns. Among the most risky Thanksgiving food and drink hazards are choking while chowing down, driving after a few too many drinks, and the long term threat of obesity, a risk factor associated with several cancers. Though hugely popular alternative health websites like Natural News warn that Thanksgiving foods are "poisonous", "toxic", and even "killing" us, we're all better off ditching the unfounded fear.
As scientist Dr. Kevin Folta wrote in the foreword to The Fear Babe: Shattering Vani Hari's Glass House, a new book (which I co-wrote) that seeks to dispel the most ubiquitous food myths of our time:
“In all of human history, the food supply has never been more abundant, diverse or safe. Think of your last meal. Many in the world today will live a full life without eating something that good. In today's markets we enjoy a spectrum of colors and flavors never before known to humans.”
Keep this in mind as you gather around the table, veg out in front of football games, or make toasts this year. Let's feast our eyes and bellies on the abundance before us, and have a fear-free Thanksgiving!
Kavin Senapathy's book “The Fear Babe: Shattering Vani Hari's Glass House,” with co-authors Marc Draco and Mark Alsip, is available now. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
Go back to main project page
The project is subject to predecisional administrative review pursuant to 36 CFR 218, Subpart B, also called the “objection process.” The full text of the rule can be found at the following website - https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title36-vol2/pdf/CFR-2011-title36-vol2-part218.pdf
Only individuals or entities that submitted timely, specific written comments during a designated opportunity for public participation (scoping or the public comment period) may object (36 CFR 218.5). Notices of objection are published on the project's webpage for the project level objection (218). Objections on the project must be filed with the Reviewing Officer within 45 days from the date of publication of notice of the opportunity to object in newspaper of record; instructions on how to file an electronic objection are listed below under the title "How to Submit Comments Electronically." Other methods to submit objections are included in the legal notice on the previous page. The publication date in the newspaper of record is the exclusive means for calculating the time to file an objection. Those wishing to file an objection to the draft decision should not rely upon dates or timeframe information provided by any other source. Objections sent by U.S. Postal Service or other private carrier must be post marked or date stamped before the close of the objection period and must be received before the close of the fifth business day after the objection filing period.
Incorporation of documents by reference is not allowed, except for the following list of items that may be referenced by including date, page, and section of the cited document, along with a description of its content and applicability to the objection: 1) all or any part of a federal law or regulation; 2) Forest Service directives and land management plans; 3) documents referenced by the Forest Service in the subject NEPA document; or 4) comments previously provided to the Forest Service by the objector during public involvement opportunities for the proposed project where written comments were requested by the responsible official. All other documents must be included with the objection.
Issues raised in objections must be based on previously submitted specific written comments regarding the proposed project or amendment and attributed to the objector, unless the issue is based on new information that arose after the opportunities for comment. The burden is on the objector to demonstrate compliance with this requirement for objection issues.
Minimum requirements of an objection are described at 36 CFR 218.8(d). An objection must include a description of those aspects of the proposed project/amendment addressed by the objection, including specific issues related to the proposed project/amendment; if applicable, how the objector believes the environmental analysis or draft decision specifically violates law, regulation, or policy; suggested remedies that would resolve the objection; supporting reasons for the reviewing officer to consider; and a statement that demonstrates the connection between prior specific written comments on the particular proposed project or amendment and the content of the objection, unless the objection concerns an issue that arose after the designated opportunities for comment.
Objections not filed in a timely manner or those that do not meet the requirements described above will be set aside without further review. For more information, please see the Request More Info tab on the previous web page.
A Chicago Public School principal claims they were forced to resign.Manierre Elementary School Principal Derrick Orr says their residency is the issue. They sent out an email to staff members letting them know they resigned Thursday.On Monday, Orr said CPS officials pulled them in to the inspector general's office to question them about breaking the residency requirement.CPS students and staff have to live in the city. Orr says they do, but also owns a rehab property in the suburbs where they have been staying as work continues."If you spend more time at one place than another one, that's your residence," Orr said.After 17 years of working for CPS, Orr said they turned this school around, making it a level two school when grades were so bad in the past, there was a threat of closing the doors.Parents said Principal Orr not only was there for the students academically, but also used their personal money to take the 8th graders on trips to colleges, allowing many of them to step foot on campuses for the very first time and give them hopes that they would be there someday, too."He's the best thing that ever happened to Manierre, they shouldn't have done Mister Orr like that. He's the best thing that happened to them," parent Doretha Browley said.Orr says they sent an email to staff Friday morning, but many parents and students don't yet know their principal is gone for good and moving on."He helped all of these little kids, you know, they honor them like they were real good. You know, some that don't have fathers they were a father to them they were a good guy," said grandparent Vanessa Batson.Orr said they resigned because they wanted to avoid all the red tape that CPS was going to put them through. They said they hope to move onto a district that will appreciate all of their hard work.
"A member from each family was given a number and the soldiers held a lottery," said the man sheltering in Mae Sot, a Thai town bordering prefix="st1" ns="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags"? Myanmar where hundreds of survivors are holed up after crossing over in search of help. prefix="o" ns="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office"? "One hundred families got one egg, six cans of condensed milk and one potato. Those who drew a blank ticket had to walk away," they said. In video
Survivors face threat of disease and malnutrition A former soldier from Myanmar said despite the destruction by Cyclone Nargis, government troops were still demanding money from survivors to pass through checkpoints to get to Thailand. Aid agencies complain that many obstacles remain in reaching survivors. The UN children's organisation, Unicef, says that the amount of aid reaching survivors differs according to locality. "From our teams on the ground what we are finding is that some degree of assistance has got across but it's nowhere sufficient to meet all of the needs," Anupama Rao Singh, Unicef's regional director, told Al Jazeera's Selina Downes. "And certainly the degree of access and the degree to which relief supplies have actually reached those in need varies from township to township." 'Shocking' pace More than 1.2 million people have yet to
receive aid, relief groups say [EPA] Aid groups worry that with insufficient food and clean water, devastated areas of the country face a second wave of deaths from malnutrition and disease.
The United Nations said in its latest report that "there remains a serious lack of sufficient and sustained humanitarian assistance for the affected populations". The world body said it lacked "a clear understanding of the support being provided by the government of Myanmar to its people". Tidal surges on May 2-3 reached some 25km inland, laying waste to entire villages and leaving 78,000 people dead and another 56,000 missing, according to the government's count.
"People need basic relief, which is shocking after four weeks," said Sarah Ireland, the regional director of Oxfam, a UK-based humanitarian agency that is still trying to gain permission to work in Myanmar . "If we were in a normal response by week four, those affected should be
working toward recovery," they told The Associated Press. "They would be in a position perhaps to think about what they need to restart their lives. But we know people on the ground don't have food to eat." In depth: Myanmar cyclone
Map: Cyclone's deadly path
Satellite photos: Before and after
Timeline: Asia's worst storms
Picture gallery The shipment of aid for the hard-hit Irrawaddy delta has been particularly difficult. With only seven government helicopters flying to the area, relief supplies are mostly being transported along dirt roads and then by boat. Boats able to navigate the debris-filled canals are also scarce and efforts to import trucks and other vehicles have been hampered by government red tape.
Meanwhile, aid workers who have visited affected regions have reported that scores of displaced people have been expelled from temporary shelters in schools, monasteries and public buildings. The expulsions appear part of the military government's attempt to show that people are capable of rebuilding their lives without foreign help.
About The Call to Action is a 30-day sprint towards 10,000 new volunteer hours in the city of Detroit. It's just one part of WDET's efforts to support a rational, inclusive civil society. From our studios, we observe, we report and we convene hundreds of conversations a week. The heavy gravity of need and soaring lift of possibility is an essential truth of life in this region. Detroit's path forward is not obvious, but one thing is very clear: more committed action by more individuals toward the greatest good will make a difference. Learn more about us and our work at wdet.org.
Volunteering What to do? There's no wrong answer, just pick your passion and then commit. When we asked over 2,000 SE Michigan residents what it would take to get them to move to Detroit they said they wanted to see 1) a safer city with 2) better city services, 3) more stable neighborhoods and 4) better schools. When you partner with one of these organizations you make a difference today and you make a better future for everyone in Detroit.
Make This Better This is intended to be the largest single source of Detroit volunteer opportunities on the web. This site is a community service built using open data from the United Way and other sources. That said, it's a work in progress and is not 100% complete. That's where you come in. If you know of a charity or organization that is not on the list, please email us at calltoaction@wdet.org or tell us below.
By: President Mark Meredith
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Praesent a elit feugiat nibh congue hendrerit. Etiam aliquet metus vel luctus dignissim. Proin semper nisi non ligula posuere, sit amet interdum urna tempus. In vel mauris at ante maximus rutrum id nec nisi. Nunc sed lacus ac justo sagittis ullamcorper. Aliquam erat volutpat. Morbi aliquam ex ut mollis consectetur. Curabitur lacinia felis leo, a condimentum erat bibendum sed.
In sed augue sollicitudin, mollis libero sed, fermentum dui. Duis id dapibus dolor. Integer a velit ultrices, aliquet purus eu, semper felis. Vestibulum tincidunt purus in ante ultrices, et pulvinar elit scelerisque. Praesent ac bibendum nisi. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Aliquam felis nulla, aliquam eu suscipit nec, aliquam sit amet neque. Vestibulum pretium elit vitae lacus pharetra lacinia. Aenean tellus metus, faucibus nec aliquam cursus, pretium sit amet turpis. Nulla facilisis at mauris non consequat. Morbi nulla arcu, aliquet a arcu sed, dictum bibendum felis. Sed id arcu vel neque sodales ornare. Ut auctor ornare mattis.
Pellentesque sollicitudin sapien ac dui luctus auctor. Ut dapibus viverra ex non commodo. Vivamus ornare lacinia nunc at euismod. Suspendisse volutpat ipsum non nibh mattis, eget convallis diam luctus. Phasellus sollicitudin lacus eget gravida congue. Praesent tincidunt ex eget rutrum pellentesque. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Mauris dui odio, congue venenatis enim quis, consequat ultricies tortor. Donec venenatis pulvinar consequat. Quisque a libero in ante ultrices tempor. Suspendisse pellentesque, nibh non rhoncus laoreet, massa diam facilisis ante, nec finibus arcu dolor vel elit. Quisque nec ante dui. Vivamus et ligula nisl.
Donec porttitor lacus ac justo accumsan porta. Donec tristique nibh urna, quis ornare elit tincidunt eget. Donec consectetur, odio quis mattis porttitor, velit metus faucibus quam, at posuere odio felis ut augue. Aliquam condimentum velit ut cursus commodo. Donec eu neque ac nisi pharetra luctus. Etiam eu elementum justo. Donec aliquet in arcu quis euismod. Etiam non lorem nec turpis bibendum volutpat. Aenean ut leo pulvinar, sollicitudin lorem non, imperdiet diam. Praesent et vehicula velit.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Google has invested in SpaceX in a deal that is seen to further its plans to spread internet access
Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) has raised $1bn (£659m) in funding from Google and Fidelity Investments.
The firms together own just under 10% of SpaceX, the spacecraft manufacturer backed by billionaire Elon Musk.
The deal values the firm at $10bn. It said the money would go towards innovation in space transport and satellite manufacturing.
The deal is seen as a move by tech giant Google to try to spread internet access to remote parts of the world.
Mr Musk, who is also the chief executive of US electric carmaker Telsa Motors, has spoken about using satellites to provide internet access around the globe.
SpaceX was founded by them in 2002 and they have also been vocal about their ultimate goal of colonising Mars.
Google, meanwhile, has been increasing its presence in the aerospace sector. In June, it bought satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500m.
Google and Fidelity join existing investors Founders Fund, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, Valor Equity Partners and Capricorn, SpaceX said.
Norwich City's identical twins Josh and Jacob Murphy will wear different colour boots to help boss Chris Hughton distinguish between the two.
The 18-year-old wingers have yet to play a senior game together, but both have made their first-team debuts.
"It's something we spoke about a while back," Hughton told BBC Radio Norfolk.
Murphys' law Josh and Jacob were born in Wembley on 24 February 1995
They signed their first professional contracts with Norwich in January 2013 and had them extended in December that year
The pair contributed to the Canaries' FA Youth Cup victory last season - the club's first in 30 years
Josh scored on their first-team debut in a League Cup tie at Watford in September 2013
Jacob made their debut by replacing their brother in the FA Cup third-round draw against Fulham in January 2014
"Certainly in possession games that we might play, it's going to be more difficult to tell them apart."
They added: "It's not so much in close proximity, because there is a difference between the two and they have different playing styles so I can tell them apart.
"The more they've been with us, the more you can tell them apart."
Josh, wearing orange boots, scored on their Canaries debut in a League Cup victory over Watford earlier this season.
And at the weekend, in their first start, they came off in the to be who made their first Norwich appearance, wearing blue boots.
The pair were central to the Carrow Road side's FA Youth Cup success last season, with Josh scoring in the second leg of their final with Chelsea.
BRITISH AND IRISH Lions head coach Warren Gatland has included 11 Ireland players in their squad to tour New Zealand this summer.
Ireland are well represented in the set-up with Jack McGrath, Rory Best, Tadhg Furlong, Iain Henderson, CJ Stander, Sean O'Brien, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray, Jonathan Sexton, Robbie Henshaw and Jared Payne included in the 41-man touring party.
Wales back rower Sam Warburton will captain the side for a second successive tour while England skipper Dylan Hartley has been left out of the squad altogether.
There are 16 English players, 12 from Wales, 11 from Ireland and two Scots included with a breakdown of 19 backs and 22 forwards.
Among the more the surprising inclusions are Payne, who has struggled with injury this year, former Leinster centre Ben Te'o who has started just one Test for England, Wales flanker Ross Moriarty, and England prop Kyle Sinckler.
As had been widely tipped, England second row Joe Launchbury has been left out of the squad despite being nominated for the Six Nations Player of the Tournament.
Among the Ireland players who didn't make the cut were Donnacha Ryan, Simon Zebo, Keith Earls, Garry Ringrose and Cian Healy, while injured Leinster and Ireland duo Jamie Heaslip and Rob Kearney also miss out.
Full squad
Backs: Dan Biggar (Wales), Elliot Daly (England), Jonathan Davies (Wales), Owen Farrell (England), Leigh Halfpenny (Wales), Robbie Henshaw (Ireland), Stuart Hogg (Scotland), Jonathan Joseph (England), Conor Murray (Ireland), George North (Wales), Jack Nowell (England), Jared Payne (Ireland), Jonathan Sexton (Ireland), Tommy Seymour (Scotland), Ben Te'o (England), Anthony Watson (England), Rhys Webb (Wales), Liam Williams (Wales), Ben Youngs (England).
Forwards: Rory Best (Ireland), Dan Cole (England), Taulupe Faletau (Wales), Tadhg Furlong (Ireland), Jamie George (England), Iain Henderson (Ireland), Maro Itoje (England), Alun Wyn Jones (Wales), George Kruis (England), Courtney Lawes (England), Joe Marler (England), Jack McGrath (Ireland), Ross Moriarty (Wales), Sean O'Brien (Ireland), Peter O'Mahony (Ireland), Ken Owens (Wales), Kyle Sinckler (England), CJ Stander (Ireland), Justin Tipuric (Wales), Mako Vunipola (England), Billy Vunipola (England), Sam Warburton (Wales, capt).
Fixtures
3 June: v Provincial Union XV, Whangarei
7 June: v Blues, Auckland
10 June: v Crusaders, Christchurch
13 June: v Highlanders, Dunedin
17 June: v Maori All Blacks, Rotorua
20 June: v Chiefs, Waikato
24 June: 1st Test v New Zealand, Auckland
27 June: v Hurricanes, Wellington
1 July: 2nd Test v New Zealand, Wellington
8 July: 3rd Test v New Zealand, Auckland
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
(Adds more quotes, details.)
HYATTSVILLE, Md., June 4 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Friday the gain of 431,000 jobs in May is a sign the U.S. economy is getting stronger, although there will still be ups and downs going forward.
“This report is a sign that our economy is getting stronger by the day,” Obama said in remarks to about about 50 workers at a large truck garage in Maryland.
“A lot of businesses that were hit hard during this downturn, they are starting to hire again. Workers who were laid off are starting to get their jobs back,” they said.
However, Obama said there would be “ups and downs” ahead.
The Labor Department said on Friday payrolls rose 431,000 as the government added 411,000 workers to conduct the U.S. Census, the largest monthly increase since March 2000 and one that marked a fifth straight month of gains.
But U.S. private employers hired fewer workers than expected in May, just 41,000 after rising 218,000 in April, a setback for the labor market recovery, even as temporary Census hiring pushed overall payrolls growth to its fastest pace in 10 years.
Obama acknowledged that most of the new jobs were the Census positions.
“So these are temporary jobs that are going to last until the fall, and that may be reflected in future jobs reports,” they said.
“But even if you put those temporary jobs aside, there's no doubt that we saw another month of private sector job growth, and that is obviously critical, because when businesses are hiring again, people start spending again and that, in turn, gives businesses more and more incentive to grow.”
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Ham have joined Watford and newly-promoted Newcastle in the £7.7million chase for Hull's Kamil Grosicki.
Poland international Grosicki wants to continue playing in the Premier League, and the relegated Tigers will strike a deal if they can recoup the fee they paid French side Rennes for them five months ago.
New Hornets boss Marco Silva, who signed Grosicki for the Yorkshire club, wants the 28-year-old to follow them to Vicarage Road and is ready to pay the price Hull are asking.
But so, too, is Toon chief Rafa Benitez, who is looking to strengthen their squad following their first time return to the top flight.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
And now Hammers boss Slaven Bilic has targeted Grosicki as they bid to strengthen their wide midfield options.
Bilic feels they need another winger - despite having former Hull star Robert Snodgrass, Andre Ayew and Michail Antonio, who can all operate down the flanks.
Hull are planning a £3million swoop for Sporting Lisbon left-back Marvin Zeegelaar to replace Andy Robertson and Josh Tymon, who are both being lined up for moves to Merseyside.
Scotland defender Robertson is on Everton's radar, while local-born Tymon, 18, is wanted by Liverpool.
Samsung's six month old flagship, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, has just become a first of it's kind LTE smartphone. T-Mobile users recently received the September Over-The-Air (OTA) update which appeared to be a routine security patch with some enhancements to Samsung Cloud backup, but it included a hidden gem. The OTA update also included a baseband firmware (G935TUVU4APIA) update which enables 4-Way Receive Diversity, as well as the ability to process four independent spatial streams, 4×4 MIMO. This milestone carries a significant weight in the world of mobile telephony and crowns the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the first commercially available 4×4 MIMO smartphone!
Device is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor with X12 integrated modem, the only solution on the market to support Higher Order MIMO/Modulation. The OTA update provides a unique opportunity for T-Mobile subscribers, given they get the privilege to experience the first 4×4 MIMO commercial LTE network in the real world. Note that an additional network enhancement, higher order modulation (Downlink 256 QAM, Uplink 64 QAM), hasn't been enabled on the GS7/e with this OTA update. We intend to fully test the GS7/e in the coming weeks when another OTA should drop, but we wanted to share some preliminary findings with this initial OTA update.
We are delighted to continue our collaboration with Rohde & Schwarz (R&S), a global leader in test and measurement equipment. Rohde & Schwarz has provided the CMWflexx test equipment, TS7124 RF Shielded Box equipped with Vivaldi antennas ensuring high reproducibility of OTA MIMO measurements, and their invaluable engineering support. Cellular Insights takes full responsibility for the analysis, findings, and opinions in this report.
For this quick test, we have placed a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (S7e) into the R&S TS7124 RF Shielded Box, took our time to find the sweet spot inside the shielded box, and radiated a single 20MHz Band 4 LTE component carrier using R&S CMW500 Radio Communication Tester. As the device attaches to the eNb it reports its capability back to the network. The Galaxy S7 Edge with the latest OTA update reveals 4×4 MIMO capability on two unique Primary Component Carriers (PCC), LTE Band 4 and Band 2. It is also important to note that the X12 modem can process up to six spatial streams when leveraging 3-way carrier aggregation and 2×2 MIMO, but only four spatial streams (one component carrier) when attached to a 4×4 MIMO capable basestation. We observed this exact tradeoff in the field when attaching to live T-Mobile's sites that once served our S7e unit with 3-way carrier aggregation before the latest OTA update. In situations where Band 4 isn't the PCC (Band 12) Carrier Aggregation is still used, as all component carriers will use 2×2 MIMO. But improved signal robustness and improved data rates offered by 4×4 MIMO translate to a much better end user experience, while at the same time it allows operators to use spectrum more efficiently. Radiated OTA MIMO testing methodology gives us the entire view of the modem and antenna & front end performance on any commercial device.
F or this preliminary study, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge was tested under clean channel conditions, emulating a single 20MHz FDD LTE Band 4 component carrier, and incrementally stepping the RSRP value by 1dBm, from -80dBm all the way down to -130dBm. In order to maintain target BLER under 2%, the MCS and Transport Block Size Index has been dynamically adjusted.
“ We observed peak data rates of 299Mbps — Cellular Insights
As portrayed in the above table, we observed peak data rates of 299Mbps starting at -80dBm. The throughput remaining unchanged until -96dBm where the 16 dBm decrease in power caused the speeds to drop ever so slightly to 296Mbps. At -98dBm data rates finally dropped to 274Mbps and then between -99dBm and -102dBm throughput stayed at approximately 257Mbps.
Between -110dBm and -114dBm, where most devices typically begin to struggle, the Galaxy S7 Edge managed to achieve over 100Mbps. This is where Qualcomm's X12 modem really gets to shine, working in sync with RF360 Front End, closed loop antenna tuner, antenna switch diversity (ASDiv), and the new diversified antenna design. Even at -120dBm, where most devices would generally fail and lose a connection, we've observed 63Mbps on Galaxy S7 Edge. At -130dBm, 11Mbps was achieved using QPSK scheme, and the lowest TBSI.
Designing a device with four highly efficient antennas in a small form factor is not an easy task. The main challenge is achieving high isolation between the antennas and low correlation of the received spatial streams, and with this preliminary test it is very apparent that Samsung has done a remarkable job. It becomes even more impressive if we remember that the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge global launch happened in March, and over the past six months we haven't seen a single 4×4 MIMO smartphone from any other OEM other than Sony (XZ Japanese variant). We will follow up with a full performance study on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge using multiple fading profiles, frequency bands, and 3-way carrier aggregation, but this preliminary test suggests that we potentially have the best performing LTE smartphone on the market.
Stay tuned: “Tale of a phone with two personalities…”
Daymond Langkow is back at the Saddledome.
The 34-year-old center, out since late last season with a fractured vertebra in their neck, has been cleared for light workouts. However, their return to action on the ice is still months away -- likely next season.
Still, Langkow, who skated with their family at the Heritage Classic family skate on Feb. 19, is making progress. They have been given the green light for light workouts by a specialist based in Carolina who deals with football neck injuries.
Langkow suffered the injury when they were struck by an Ian White slapshot in a game against Minnesota on March 21, 2010. They have not played since then.
However, they have been spotted at the Scotiabank Saddledome playing some soccer with teammates and there is now a stall in the dressing room for them as they continue their rehab.
We're incredibly proud to share the latest major release of Chef with you.
The Chef Client and Chef Server are now separate projects. We will be making separate but compatible releases moving forward.
You can download both of them from the Chef download page.
Erchef, the Chef 11 Server
The most significant new feature is that the Chef 11 Server is a complete rewrite of the core API server in Erlang, which we call Erchef. We learned a lot from running Opscode Hosted Chef, the single largest Chef Server, as well as supporting our Opscode Private Chef customers. Using these lessons and experience, we wrote the new server to be faster and more scalable, but still API compatible with the original Ruby based server.
We've been working on Erchef for a while, focusing on the API endpoints where the scalability benefits over the old server were the most significant. We're all excited to now incorporate this core project into Open Source Chef and share it with you. In the coming weeks we will have more blog posts focusing on the new server for those interested in getting involved with development or just becoming familiar with the new internals.
We also migrated the WebUI from merb to Rails 3 for this release.
The official packaging format for the Chef 11 Server is the same Omnibus packaging that we use for the Chef Client. We created the Omnibus framework to provide an easy way for you to quickly install our software with consistent dependencies on multiple platforms. All of the required libraries are included in the package and everything is installed into a single directory in /opt to isolate it from the rest of your system. If you're interested in learning more about Omnibus, be sure to check out the omnibus-chef repository, which we use with the framework to build these packages.
For those of you with extensive deployments of the open-source Chef 10 Server already, we will be relasing migration tools in the future.
Only 64-bit systems are supported at this time. Packages are available for these platforms:
Ubuntu 10.04
Ubuntu 10.10
Ubuntu 11.04
Ubuntu 11.10
Ubuntu 12.04
Ubuntu 12.10 CentOS 5
CentOS 6
Post-release update
The most recent patchlevel of the Chef Server is 11.0.4, which includes these important fixes:
CHEF-3818 – chef-server-webui is susceptible to recent Rail's YAML exploit
CHEF-3813 – Server does not return cookbook dependencies in metadata
Chef 11 Client
This release contains new features and some important refactoring of existing parts of the client.
Chef::Node::Attribute has been completely overhauled. These changes fixed a number of confusing exceptions to attribute precedence, making it much easier to reason about. Previously you could define a normal level attribute on the node my using methods, such as node.my_attr("foo") . Occasionally someone would name an attribute with the same name as an internal Chef method, with unexpected results. On the other hand if you were trying to access a particular method, such as node.has_key?("foo") but you accidently left out a character, you wouldn't get an error because Chef would make an attribute with that name.
You can now access attributes from roles and environments in a cookbook attributes file, allowing you to dynamically set other attributes based on their values. Additionally, node.platform? and other helper methods are available in attributes files now, making it easier to keep logic related to attributes in one place in the attributes file.
Files other than recipes in cookbooks are now evaluated in run_list order, with proper consideration given for cookbook dependencies. Previously they were based on the order given by ruby's Hash implementation, which differs based on version and vendor patching. This change ensures that your runs will continue to be reproducible.
We've merged knife-essentials into core knife. These new sub-commands are particularly useful for working with getting cookbooks between the server and your workstation and maintaining them. They are documented on the docs site.
knife diff
knife download
knife upload
knife list
knife show
knife delete
knife raw
Contributions
Long time contributor and past-MVP Andrea Campi added support for partial templates. This is a significant feature if you have templates with large sections that change based on attributes. You can now render additional templates inside a template with <%= render 'other_template.erb' %> . This functionality expands the capability of the template reasource in a huge way.
Another prior MVP and Food Fight co-host Bryan Berry provided a new chef-apply tool in this release. If you pass an individual recipe to this simple tool, it will run it on the current system. This can be used for learning Chef, testing part of a recipe, and much more.
These two features really improve the Chef experience and both Andrea and Bryan are valued members of the Chef community. You guys are the Chef 11 co-MVPs! Thanks!
Multiple MVP recipient Xabier de Zuazo continued to provide big fixes. They refactored CookbookLoader to speed it up by walking the repositories paths only once. They added support to remote_file for providing a list of URLs in case one doesn't work. They also fixed a bug related to metadata files when updating cookbooks
Victor Lowther helped on work to add support for creating a lock file when the client runs.
Bruce Krysiak added support for specifying a group by group name on the user resource on OS X.
Matthew Horan improved the code that makes knife ssh return an exit code based on the success of the remote command.
Autif Khan patched Chef::REST.new() to read raw keys from an argument.
Chris Roberts helped fix issues with precendence when attributes are set in knife.rb.
We shipped Chef 10.18.2 without an MVP, so we're awarding it post-release to Fletcher Nichol. Fletcher has been around the Chef community for a while and contributed to a lot of related projects. They recently developed a test harness for Chef named jamie that was so awesome that we're merging it into the test-kitchen project. Thanks Fletcher!
Breaking Changes
We did our best to maintain API compatibility between the Chef 11 Server and the Chef 10 Server, so you can run Chef 10 clients against a Chef 11 Server. With any major release, there are some important changes to be aware of. For complete descriptions of the breaking changes in this release, see the Chef 11 Breaking Changes page on the Opscode docs site.
Gem Packaging
We're researching adding signature verification to our gems, but for now you can refer to this sha256sum for the Chef Client 11.0.0 gem if you're interested:
2cef7db770aea59cd1d4d2c5fbea608d6ef32c24e4a2fc7e548aee1835e1fb36
Release Notes
Bug
CHEF-581 – Delayed scripts don't run on failure
CHEF-867 – Use exclusive file locks with chef-client
CHEF-1804 – Values of nested Node attributes disappear after iterating
CHEF-2591 – Chef::ChecksumCache not working due to :skip_expires => true
CHEF-2627 – Knife SSH should return exit code based on whether or not ssh command is successful or not
CHEF-2792 – XSS vulnerability in messages field on login page
CHEF-2903 – Attribute files not loaded in deterministic order
CHEF-2923 – Cookbook Upload Fails due to Syntax Error in unrelated cookbook's metadata file
CHEF-3068 – Chef resources display incorrectly in log files on Windows due to splitting on :
CHEF-3376 – Chef Should Load Cookbooks In Dependency Order
CHEF-3393 – Chef Encrypted Data Bag Error due to Different YAML Engines
CHEF-3467 – Permissions Not Inherited from Parent on Child Object cookbook_file (Windows)
CHEF-3477 – knife node show shows unexpected brackets for single-member arrays
CHEF-3480 – When Encrypting Data-Bag Items, Use Different IV Per Encrypt
CHEF-3555 – knife cookbook site install fails due to not allowing string format cookbook_path
CHEF-3561 – Error inspectors seem to quash template error contextual information
CHEF-3589 – Why Run code runs code in {{converge_by}} blocks after the provider action is complete
CHEF-3604 – Chef::Provider::Service::Init should pass why run assertions if a custom command is provided
CHEF-3617 – Chef::RunLock incorrectly assumes the full path to the run lock file exists before opening for writing
CHEF-3619 – Chef still has obsolete ‘rake/rdoctask' require
CHEF-3632 – All providers have whyrun enabled by default due to RemoteDirectory
CHEF-3638 – knife cookbook upload with–all flag fails
CHEF-3639 – ‘knife index rebuild' no longer works with Chef Server 11
CHEF-3640 – bookshelf is logging to the wrong directory
CHEF-3641 – lock down permissions on omnibus generated private keys
CHEF-3643 – WebUI: cookbook version show generates “undefined method `close!' for nil:NilClass” error
CHEF-3647 – changing a user's password in chef-server-webui changes their public key to undefined
CHEF-3648 – WebUI: creating client fails with ‘Could not create client: 500 “Internal Server Error”‘
CHEF-3653 – Unable to show data bag items in webui
CHEF-3654 – Adding role to node run list in webui gives undefined method `empty?' for nil:NilClass
CHEF-3655 – Webui node show run_list: ERROR: Unable to create Chef::RunList::RunListItem from String
CHEF-3656 – Last check-in display shows > entity in webui for /status
CHEF-3657 – Unable to add cookbook version constraints to an environment via webui
CHEF-3658 – Admin clients should not be able to de-admin the last admin user
CHEF-3662 – knife client reregister fails against Chef 11 Server
CHEF-3666 – Postgresql recipe is overzealously guarding configuration files behind bootstrap variable
CHEF-3673 – Bookshelf URL is not configurable
CHEF-3674 – Psql doesn't work by default, since /opt/chef-server/embedded/bin is not in the path
CHEF-3675 – Bookshelf cannot be disabled
CHEF-3680 – json error: (eval):3:in `keys'
CHEF-3688 – Stale attribute read protection does more harm than good
CHEF-3689 – Client registration fails on existing clients
CHEF-3699 – Getting ISE when depsolver runs
CHEF-3702 – Postgresql foreign key integrity error on cookbook upload in Erchef alpha
CHEF-3710 – chef_wm: exception handling for bad_headers in chef_wm:malformed_request/2
CHEF-3716 – Erchef 1.0.21 knife cookbook upload succeeds, but cookbook content gives 404 from chef-client
CHEF-3718 – peg 2.2.0 version of systemu for win ruby 1.9 compat
CHEF-3724 – node.recipe? appears to be broken
CHEF-3782 – Bad regular expression make sandbox test fail in pedant
CHEF-3783 – compatibility for chef/dsl/recipe not found in chef/mixin/recipe_definition_dsl_core.rb
CHEF-3792 – chef-apply is still referred to as chef-recipe in places
CHEF-3793 – knife is broken in the latest Chef 11 client beta
CHEF-3799 – Cannot call puts on a VividMash
CHEF-3802 – omnibus package symlinks not created for chef-apply, chef-shell
CHEF-3806 – when setting node attributes, after a set_unless call subsequent set calls behave like set_unless (and correspondingly for other attribute levels)
Improvement
CHEF-707 – Change “gid” to “group” for the User Resource
CHEF-2936 – Cookbook attribute file to have access to expanded attributes
CHEF-2984 – Remove moneta dependency
CHEF-3021 – Convert chef-server-webui from merb to Rails 3.2
CHEF-3197 – Undefined methods on a node should not be assumed to be attributes
CHEF-3249 – Chef support for template partials
CHEF-3385 – Remove support for multiple notifications in one call to Resource#notifies
CHEF-3392 – Serialize Encrypted Data-Bag Item Values with JSON Instead of YAML
CHEF-3438 – Allow Chef::REST.new() to read raw keys
CHEF-3487 – Refactor CookbookLoader to walk @repo_paths only once
CHEF-3497 – Allow knife.rb to implicitly provide all knife related options
CHEF-3499 – Allow access to platform? and friends in attribute files
CHEF-3500 – ruby_block resource's action “create” is counter-intuitive
CHEF-3556 – Knife search should assume you're searching for nodes, and make a fuzzy query if the query is not in solr syntax
CHEF-3576 – support raspbian as a platform
CHEF-3603 – Chef::Provider::Service::Init should support specification of alternate ‘init_command'
CHEF-3616 – Include cipher in Encrypted Data Bag Item v1 Format
CHEF-3628 – knife upload with no parameters should prompt before uploading EVERYTHING
CHEF-3663 – Knife's config file lookup doesn't work when the current directory or parent is a symlink
CHEF-3681 – the LWRP DSL should automatically create and converge a new run_context
CHEF-3715 – Remove caching of SHA256 sums in Chef::ChecksumCache
New Feature
CHEF-2004 – knife environment show should have an attribute selection option (-a / –attribute)
CHEF-3375 – remote_file support for URL lists to use as mirrors
CHEF-3520 – Bring knife-essentials commands into Chef proper
CHEF-3571 – Add a chef-apply ruby script into chef gem for running a single recipe without modifying the node's run_list
Task
Promoted Trades Have Arrived WRITTEN BY Eric Freytag
You can now add bonuses and set your own prices for cards you'd like to receive, directly from the Card Detail Page for the 100 cards included in the initial rollout. Check out the full list below to begin!
We announced this feature last month, but if you're new to the conversation be sure to catch up here.
Shop the Sales
Looking to maximize the value of cards you send on Puca? Then Promoted Trades are for you. Each Promoted Trade has a bonus associated with it. The full bonus will be credited to your account when your trading partner completes the trade.
You can find all of the trades that are currently being promoted on the Send Page. Just click the drowpdown and select Promoted Trades (making sure that you're sorting on List View, not Package View). All promoted trades appear in gold font and have the Promoted icon in the card name.
Graduated Listing Fees
A month ago, we asked other PucaTrade members in a survey: How much should the PucaPoint fee be for a promoted listing? There were a wide range of responses with the majority of them clustering around 10-15% with overwhelming support for discounts offered to Premium members.
We like the idea of this discount being offered to our Premium members too, so we'll begin by offering our Rare (Gold) members a 5% discount and our Uncommon (Silver) members 3% on the listing fee, which will be 15% of the card's value for the initial rollout.
If you're as excited about this feature as we are, there's never been a better time to upgrade!
Initial Launch and Rollout
We're rolling this feature out incrementally to ensure that it has the positive effect on trade we anticipate. We'll start by enabling promotions on 100 cards; 50 staff picks and 50 chosen by the PucaTrade community in a recent survey.
It's also worth noting that this is just the first iteration of this feature. We have some improvements lined up for future production, such as:
Adding green bonus deltas everywhere the promoted price is listed
Adding the Promoted Filter to package view on the Send page
Additional rollout to all remaining cards
For now, we hope you enjoy the first crack at this exciting new feature! Without further ado, here are the cards that are currently available to promote:
50 Cards Chosen by the Puca Community
50 Staff Picks
UPDATE 1/20/2016: New Cards Added
Promoted Trades Stats (Live Updating)
Interpretation of Chart: Promoted Cards Traded Daily vs. Non-Promoted (Count and Value)
This chart tracks the total number of trades from 79 of the cards from our initial cohort of cards that can be promoted (in yellow) as compared to 79 cards of the same name with different expansions that cannot yet be promoted (in blue). For example, Blood Moon (DRK) is counted in the yellow lines because it can be promoted, and Blood Moon (8ED) is being included in the blue lines because it cannot.
The Y1 axis tracks the count of cards sent, and correlates to the light yellow and light blue lines. The Y2 axis tracks the total value of cards sent, and correlates to the dark yellow and blue lines.
Therefore, if the Yellow lines are consistently higher than the blue, it's a very strong indication that the promoted trades feature is performing successfully.
For a full walkthrough of the Promoted Trades feature, check out our FAQ.
Happy Trading!
NSW national parks job cuts reducing staff's ability to fight bushfires, former officer says
Updated
The people charged with protecting New South Wales' national parks have accused the State Government of crippling their ability to contain major bushfires by cutting jobs.
After the NSW Government slashed $40 million from the Office of Environment and Heritage the union responsible for national parks' workers, the Australian Workers Union (AWU), surveyed parks around the state and said that it found more than 130 vacant jobs had not been filled.
AWU state secretary Russ Collison said the union went to every one of their depots and asked them what had happened over the past three or four years.
"They said there's been natural attrition, there's been job vacancies, and they're not being filled," Mr Collison said.
Former field supervisor Nathan Cattell said they left the service in 2012 because jobs were being slashed and the workload was overbearing.
"We wouldn't have the staff to be able to manage," they said.
"Doing your hazard-reduction burning, your law enforcement, your pest control, and your project work to facilitate visitations is just impossible ... it just became very difficult.
"There are guys who have worked in the service for 10-15 years who are looking for other work because they're not coping."
Lives and homes at risk, former worker says
Many national parks border residential areas and former field officer David George said if nothing changed, homes and lives would be at risk.
"It's not a matter of if there's going to be an accident, it's a matter of when, and then the Government will be sitting in front of the coroner," they said.
"There's only so many crews out there and crews wear out very quickly, it is hard, dirty work, there are strict fatigue management out there and there's a reason.
"At the moment with the depleted numbers, as I understand it, you've got less capable people and fewer people being trained up."
But deputy chief executive of the National Parks and Wildlife Service, Michael Wright, has disputed the union's claims and said there had not been any job cuts.
"National Parks has been relatively stable over the past five years... we haven't reduced staffing levels within the agency," they said.
'Government being tricky with the numbers'
Opposition spokesperson Penny Sharpe accused the Office of Environment and Heritage of fudging the figures.
"The Government is being very tricky with the numbers, they are including trainees, and they're including temporary positions which are in that mix," they said.
The union has called for an independent audit to settle the paper war, however, Mr Wright said an audit would be a waste of time.
"We're quite certain of the figures we've given the unions already in terms of staff levels and again we're focusing on the awards here, the public would expect the agency to ensure the resources it receives are efficiently and effectively spent," they said.
Topics: national-parks, state-parliament, states-and-territories, nsw
First posted
The paychecks of Baltimore's elected officials — including Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, City Council President Bernard C. "Jack" Young and Comptroller Joan M. Pratt — are about to get bigger.
On Wednesday, the city's Board of Estimates, which includes those three officials, is set to approve pay raises for themselves and the members of the City Council.
Rawlings-Blake's salary is set to go from $167,000 to $171,000. Young and Pratt's pay is set to increase from $110,000 to $113,000.
According to a city law passed in 2007, the elected officials are entitled to a 2.5 percent raise if some city workers also get a raise in that year's budget. The raises go into effect Jan. 1.
Howard Libit, a spokesperson for the mayor, said they plan to abstain from voting on their raise. They said officials are voting on the raises in public to be "fully transparent and disclose what's happening."
They said the pay increases could help attract qualified candidates to run for office in 2016.
"You certainly want to keep salaries competitive for these important elected positions to encourage top candidates to want to seek them," Libit said.
But the raises drew questions from the city's Republican Party, which is hoping to see a party member elected to the City Council next year for the first time in decades.
Kent Boles Jr., chairperson of the city's Republican Central Committee, said he'd like to see raises for city officials tied to merit.
"We're not talking about minimum-wage jobs here. We're talking about people in very high positions in the government," Boles said. "In order for them to achieve a pay hike, it should be tied to strong performance. I'll leave evaluating their performance to the voters of Baltimore, but I think I know how most of the voters feel about it."
This year has been a challenging one for Baltimore, marked by widespread protests over alleged police brutality, a riot in April and the highest homicide rate in the city's modern history.
"By almost any metric you use, Baltimore hasn't had a banner year this year," said lawyer Matthew McDaniel, a Republican who is running for City Council in Baltimore's 1st District. "Raises should be based on performance. It's clearly not the end of the world, but I think it shows they're a little tone-deaf."
Annual pay for City Council Vice President Edward Reisinger is to rise from $71,000 to $73,000, while salaries for the council's other 13 members are to increase from $64,000 to $66,000.
The board also plans to authorize pay increases for Baltimore's three part-time liquor board commissioners. They will make $29,000. The liquor board typically meets about once a week.
City Council members said the raises amount to no more than cost-of-living increases.
"It's not something I asked for or had any say over," said Councilman Brandon Scott, who represents Northeast Baltimore. "I understand why people on the surface would be upset about it. More than likely, I'm going to spend it on something that will benefit young people in the community."
Councilman Bill Henry of North Baltimore noted that the law authorizing raises for elected officials has been in effect for years. City workers receive a 2 percent raise in the current budget.
"The concept is if we're in good enough shape to give city employees raises, then we're in good enough shape that the elected officials get a similar cost-of-living adjustment," they said.
Baltimore's mayor manages a more than $3 billion budget and about 14,000 employees. Rawlings-Blake was only the 41st-highest-paid city employee last year.
State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby ($238,000), Housing Commissioner Paul T. Graziano ($220,000), Health Commissioner Dr. Leana Wen ($200,000), Finance Director Henry J. Raymond ($192,000) and City Hall chief of staff Kaliope Parthemos ($178,000) all have salaries higher than the mayor's. Mosby's salary is set by the Board of Estimates, while the others are set at the mayor's or their appointees' discretion.
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
Five-hundredths of a second was enough to clinch ARMOR ALL Pole Position for this afternoon's Dunlop Series race at Phillip Island.
Jack Le Brocq's 1min31.4065sec lap broke the practice lap record the Prodrive racer set yesterday, holding out their teammate Garry Jacobson.
The two FG Xs will start from the front row for this afternoon's 16-lap race, with Todd Hazelwood and James Golding lined up behind them.
Jacobson leads the Championship points after their Clipsal 500 win, but it was clear the two would be battling each other this season after just the one round.
GRM's Golding was fast midway through the qualifying session, but dropped to fourth after the late run.
Paul Dumbrell rounded out the top five.
Click here for full results.
This afternoon's race will be the first at the circuit since 2007, with a new crop of young guns battling experienced racers Dumbrell and Andrew Jones at the high speed, flowing seaside circuit.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Three basic facts of life: The planet you live on isn't cooling, you should never forget to bring a towel, and conservative commentators aren't very good at putting together lists of conservative things.
When John J. Miller of National Review compiled their “50 greatest conservative rock songs” in 2006, their selections—which for some odd reason included “Janie's Got a Gun” by Aerosmith—were so often perceived as baseless that the hoopla even provoked a response from the guy who wrote the No. 1-listed tune (a fact Miller clearly relished). On Human Events‘ 2005 list of “Most Harmful Books” written in the 19th and 20th centuries, Darwin and John Stuart Mill are put in the same ballpark as Hitler and Mao.
And on Wednesday, conservative Brit Nile Gardiner trotted out their rundown of “The top 10 conservative movies of the modern era” in a blog post for the Telegraph. Gardiner writes that these movies “can be taken to heart [by conservatives] in both the United States and Great Britain,” and that they “celebrate conservative values, the defence of the free world, deep-seated patriotism and individual liberty.” They also insist that the films promote capitalism and are sure to “offend Left-wing sensibilities.” (Click here for another one of Gardiner's crushingly lame top-ten lists, this one targeting the Obama administration.)
Amazingly, Red Dawn doesn't even get an honorable mention!
As my colleague Adam Serwer jokingly points out, it might at first glance seem like the “overwhelming majority of these films are about kicking the shit out of brown people” (i.e. Zulu, Black Hawk Down, 300, Tears of the Sun, and so on).
Also, the Russell Crowe vehicle Master and Commander (listed at No. 4), set during the Napoleonic Wars, is hailed as “one of the greatest odes to leadership ever committed to celluloid” that “should be essential viewing for any Commander-In-Chief.” But Gardiner takes things a step further with their “British Imperialism Ra-Ra-Ra!” attitude, by viewing the movie as an ode to the “determination that forged the British Empire“:
Needless to say, it should be shown at the next EU summit by the UK delegation for the benefit of Nicolas Sarkozy when they get on their high horse and starts lecturing Britain about French superiority.
Strangely, several of the listed films aren't right-wing flicks, at all. The Deer Hunter (No. 6) is more about the intensely personal tragedies of war than it is about pissing off the Reds or straight-up patriotism. Hotel Rwanda (Honorable Mention), if anything, comes out against the traditionally conservative principle of non-intervention in humanitarian crises. Ridley Scott's Black Hawk Down (No. 8) is a non-ideological, sloppily researched army flick (albeit, a viscerally thrilling and visually impressive one). United 93 (Honorable Mention) just isn't political—or at least heroism on 9/11 shouldn't be political. And the Will Smith-starring The Pursuit of Happyness (No. 10, and somehow described as a 2006 “classic”) is recast as a tribute to minorities subscribing to Reaganomics.
And Roland Joffé's The Killing Fields (No. 7) is by no means a conservative movie. It is, by all accounts, a human rights movie, and humans right awareness is—if I am to continue on this ridiculous path of generalization that this debate unfortunately demands—something that is inextricably associated with causes of the bleeding-heart left. It's also worth noting that The Killing Fields—a film that slams the genocidal horrors perpetrated by Cambodia's hyper-Maoist Khmer Rouge—was made by a British leftist filmmaker in 1984. Right around this time, Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan were supporting the Khmer Rouge insurgency in its bid to land a seat at the UN just a few years after Vietnamese troops overthrew the regime.
To live in a world dominated by facile conservative talking points is, evidently, to have no sense of historical irony whatsoever.
But, hey, I'm not totally above playing along. Without further ado, as a rebuttal based on comparable logic and sweeping generalizations, here are the TOP THREE LIBERAL MOVIES OF THE MODERN ERA IN WHICH STUFF BLOWS UP GOOD:
1. Aliens, dir. James Cameron
Since American leftists are renowned for heroically chipping away at the exploitation inherent in free markets, it's refreshing to see that one of the all-time great sci-fi action movies features a human villain who's a weaselly capitalist toad (played by comic Paul Reiser) who puts marines' lives at risk for the sake of turning a healthy profit. They end up getting their face bitten off by a towering space-monster, which is patently a metaphor for the revenge of the 99 percent, we're pretty sure.
Naturally, the day is only saved when valiant feminazi Sigourney Weaver shows up to own some intergalactic ass. We just regret that the day had to be won through animal cruelty.
2. Die Hard 2: Die Harder, dir. Renny Harlin
The first sequel to the 1988 masterwork has Bruce Willis going all Church Committee on a squad of ex-special forces trying to reinstall a Noriega-esque, anti-communist authoritarian/drug kingpin.
Needless to say, it should be shown at the next EU summit by the UK delegation Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks get-together for the benefit of Nicolas Sarkozy George H.W. Bush when they get on their high horse and starts lecturing Britain student protesters about French superiority American exceptionalism.
3. Glory, dir. Edward Zwick
The best movie about the triumph of big government overstates' rights, Glory is essential in helping white Democratic voters cope with their crippling white liberal guilt. In the film, President Lincoln wages their righteous war of aggression against über-racist-y, inferiorly dressed Southerners with the help of the 54th Massachusetts Regiment, a black unit that, if it were around today, Fox Nation would likely label as “tyrannical and loud former ACORN volunteers.”
Okay, I'll stop.
But please list your favorite “conservative” or “liberal” movies in the comments below.
Well, you're right there is not much of a public outcry against doctors. But a lot of people do criticize doctors and say they look for problems and want to run unnecessary tests, and generally criticize them. Also, doctors aren't civil servants. People protest police because they are seeking changes in police practices and law changes from the government. Also, protesting a hospital doesn't get as much media attention in today's news climate as protesting a police shooting. If a doctor doesn't follow procedure and kills a patient, you sue the doctor. If a police officer doesn't follow procedure and someone dies, the perception is that they get put on unpaid leave until the same police department determines they did nothing wrong. Not this is not usually the case, and there are examples of a police officer who did what they were supposed to do getting suspended or fired due to political pressure. But when it does happen, it unfortunately makes it look like the system is bad, not just one guy who was wrong. The perception becomes "they look after themselves first, no matter what."
Of all the fairly recent news stories of people dying due to a shooting or other action by a police officer (until I got numb to it and stopped paying attention), the only one where I really felt that clearly should have been punished was the Eric Gardner case. All of the others I followed there was a lot of gray area, or question about what happened. But in this case, an officer did something that was expressly forbidden (the choke-hold) and someone died as a result. It wasn't a new policy, I believe it was almost 20 years that the rule was in place. The possibility of death by suffocation is the reason that technique was banned by the NYPD. It was a very predictable death. And it was filmed, so there is no question what happened. If a doctor was filmed doing a procedure that was not allowed, and the patient died, and the charges were dismissed without a trial, I would bet there would be a big public outcry. If the officer/officers involved were tried but found not guilty, that would be one thing. But for them not even to have a trial in that case looks like police are above the law and can get away with anything.
FTR, I am by no means anti-cop. They get a ton of crap on the job and a ton off the job in mostly baseless criticisms, or people angry about things cops can't control. The cops aren't the ones who decided to have traffic ticket quotas, they just have to enforce it ( as an example of a complaint common on reddit). And they have to deal with people taking the relatively few cops who are douchebags who get off on having power over people and abuse their power as representative of "all cops." I have no dog in this fight. There are some legitimate concerns, but the way they are raised in the media is most often counter-productive.
Society needs police. There's a reason it is called an "essential service." Most cops do their jobs, do them well, and will still get shit because enforcing the rules doesn't win you popularity. Hell, even cops are critical of IA. In order to police effectively, police need to be endowed with civil powers not available to other citizens. But with that authority must come accountability.
Ratings:
Value: 9
Cushion: 8
Slickness: 9
Scent Pleasantness: 10
Scent Strength (balance): 9
Moisturising: 9
Just over a week ago I received a few shaving products from Elvado. A Canadian company, which if I'm honest, I was unfamiliar with until recently. As always, I was excited to open the package to discover what shaving adventures I was in for over the coming weeks, the package contained four products but the item that immediately stood out for me was the shave stick. At first, I thought it was a deodorant stick due to its size, what was equally impressive was the scent that I came off that stick. A wonderful Almond, that is very reminiscent of Cella shave cream.
If you enjoy using Cella shave cream I don't see how you wouldn't love the Elvado Mendera Almond Shave Stick. The almond scent that comes off the stick is much stronger than Cella but not overpowering; the scent lasts longer while shaving, and truly makes you want to have a shot of Amaretto after shaving (which if you plan to, perhaps shave before going to bed, not before heading off to work).
The soap's performance matches the excellence of the its scent. I was able to produce a full lather with ease – it was quite forgiving when it came to the right amount of water – which is helpful when you are face lathering. The slickness was excellent and the soap provided more than enough cushion for the razor. To be honest I can't find a single negative thing to say about the soap's performance. Post shave I didn't have any irritation and it left my face was left feeling soft.
Oddly, the aspect that I find most interesting is the size of the stick itself. The shave soaps that I have been used to tend to all be smaller in size – think the size of a typical glue stick if you haven't used a shave stick before. The Elvado stick is much larger making it better to hold and your passes cover more of your face. And unlike an Arko or Palmolive shave stick the Elvado has a plastic casing that makes it that much easier and enjoyable to use. Perhaps it is a strange thing to notice but I feel like it makes a difference and my shave that much more enjoyable.
It's worth pointing out that Elvado's soaps are Pure Vegan and use African Shea Butter. On a personal level I'm not too concerned about my soaps being Pure Vegan – perhaps I should be – I'll be more aware of it now. I am quite interested in the properties that the Shea Butter offers however, if you are interested there is a write-up on Elvado's website. If its not obvious by the above I am more than impressed with this soap, I love the performance, the size of the stick, and of course the scent. I don't say this about many soaps I review, but I see myself replacing this once my current stick runs out.
Which leads me to the bad news, after contacted Elvado I was informed that the Almond Shave Stick was a Special Edition, so locating one at the moment might be tough (I did a quick search at online retailers but had no luck). The good news is that Elvado plans to reintroduce the Almond fragrance in the New Year due to popular demand, so bookmark or make a note to search out this gem.
Check out Elvado's here.
Tools in images:
Merkur 43C
Edwin Jagger Best Badger Brush
Tomorrow at 2pm at the Ohio Statehouse, advocates for medical marijuana research will be announcing their plans to build a $24 million research center in the state of Ohio if Issue 3 should pass in the 2015 election. Speaking at the event will be Dr. Sue Sisley, MD, Principal Investigator for the only FDA-approved randomized controlled trial looking at use of whole-plant marijuana (grown by NIDA) in combat veterans with treatment-resistant post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), who will perform their research in Ohio at ICI's future research facility.
The drive to legalize marijuana in Ohio in 2015, ResponsibleOhio's Issue 3, has been attacked for its most controversial section, the designation of just ten approved sites for commercial marijuana cultivation. This has led opponents and even the State of Ohio to designate the plan an Ohio marijuana monopoly; though, technically, a market controlled by a small number of wealthy beneficiaries is more properly called an “oligopoly”. Nevertheless, the idea that all commercial growing would be controlled by ten wealthy interests written into the constitution has even some die-hard supporters of legalization rejecting Ohio's first-ever marijuana legalization measure.
Now there's word that the “monopoly” fear promulgated by those who wish to maintain prohibition tickets and arrests at least another year is an intentional misreading of the amendment. The growing of marijuana commercially is not tied to ten licensees – it is tied to ten locations – and that difference is crucial.
Garrett Greenlee represents the International Cannabinoid Institute. Greenlee tells Marijuana Politics that Ohio was chosen by the ICI for its proposed research facility from among all the states with existing or pending legislation for medical or recreational marijuana. “My prediction is Ohio will become the most competitive and highest performing state in the Union – and around the world – as the structure gives opportunities for safety and free market solutions, including advanced research like ours.”
The breakthrough backing Greenlee's optimism comes from looking past the “monopoly” claims they believe are quite mistaken. “The notion that the organizers of the ResponsibleOhio initiative are greedy opportunists seeking to create their own monopoly is just plain wrong. It's totally false. Anyone can lease from the landowners who have been granted the right through their property – just read the amendment's language.”
The language of the amendment says (emphasis mine):
The growth and cultivation of marijuana and medical marijuana, and the extraction of cannabinoids from marijuana and medical marijuana, for sale and medical use within this state shall be lawful only at licensed MGCE facilities. Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, there shall be only ten MGCE facilities, which shall operate on the following real properties:
The amendment goes on to list the ten initial facilities, already owned by the investors in Issue 3, as the:
40.44 acre area in Butler County; 13.434 acre area in Clermont County; 24.948 acre area in Delaware County; 19.117 acre area in Franklin County; 24.466 acre area in Hamilton County; 35.031 acre area in Licking County; 76.83 acre area in Lorain County; 28.459 acre area in Lucas County; 27.18 acre area in Stark County; 29.0052 acre area in Summit County.
Now, that tells us there are indeed just ten “facilities”. But when we look at the definitions in the amendment, we find this (emphasis mine):
“Marijuana Growth, Cultivation and Extraction Facility” or “MGCE facility” means one or more structures in which, or the real property on which, the growth, cultivation, harvesting, processing, packaging, preparation, and labeling of all marijuana and medical marijuana available for sale or medical use within the state, and the extraction of cannabinoids from marijuana plants for use in marijuana-infused products or medical marijuana-infused products available for sale or medical use within the state, is lawful.
And remember that the initial ten facilities were “subject to the exceptions set forth herein”, which include:
No local zoning, land use laws, agricultural regulations, subdivision regulations or similar provisions or governmental consents and approvals applicable to creating transferrable legal descriptions, or to any subsequent assignment of different parcel numbers to the aforesaid real properties shall prohibit the creation of transferrable and recordable legal descriptions or separate tax parcel numbers for any of the aforesaid real properties.
In other words, the owners of the lands that constitute the facilities may subdivide that land to lessees like the International Cannabinoid Institute. Plus, the guarantee that local governments could not interfere with the constitutionally-protected facilities through zoning or land use laws makes Ohio very attractive to scientists who require years of uninterrupted research on cannabis.
The total acreage of the facilities runs about 13.9 million square feet. In Washington, the largest growth are 30,000 square feet; in Colorado, the largest growth are 10,200 plants. How the owners of the facilities decide to parcel their land is unknowable; however, even the smallest facility in Clermont County works out to 585,185 square feet, which could house 19 of Washington's largest grows, while Lorain County is 3,346,714 square feet, or 111 Tier III Washington grows.
What seems more reasonable – that a landowner with no experience in cannabis cultivation is going to jump right in to a half-million-to-three-million square foot grow, or that a landowner would subdivide their land to lease to a bunch of growers who'll guarantee them steady lease payments whether or not the crops fail?
By Greenlee's estimation, it's the latter. “We met with landowners and offered to lease their properties, just as any farmer might do with a landowner. These Ohioans have been very receptive to our concept, and we're now in the final stages of site selection.” On The Russ Belville Show, Greenlee said, “I think, Russ, there will be over 100 growers in Ohio.”
The leader of Falkirk Council has announced they are to stand down to devote more time to their family and their employers.
Craig Martin is one of six current Labour councillors who have announced they will not be seeking reselection to stand in next May's local government elections.
Councillor Martin, who has spent 20 years in local politics, currently represents the Carse, Kinnaird and Tryst ward.
They have been the council leader for the last seven years and said during this time they have had to deliver some very difficult budget decisions, leading to “emotional stress”.
The father-of-three, whose son Craig is also a Falkirk councillor, said: “Four years ago I promised my wife and family that 2012 would be my last term and that I would spend more time with them.
“For the past 20 years, more years than I anticipated, it has been a great privilege to represent the area where I have lived and my family grew up in.
“In that time, I have delivered investment in local schools, play parks, housing, drainage and infrastructure to my local community.
“Nothing I have done in my life before, and I'm sure nothing that I will do with my life in the future, will match the hugely enriching local experiences I've had over those two decades.”
Mr Martin said they came into politics because they were frustrated by the lack of “care and attention” in the area where they lived.
They added: “I've realised now that you can't always get what you want and at times that is frustrating but we've been able to deliver some great stuff in Airth, Carronshore and parts of Stenhousemuir.
“But now I believe that I need to be fair to my wife and family and spend more time with them. I also need to be fair to my employers Network Rail who have been very supportive in giving me unpaid leave to allow me to do my council duties.”
However, they said that they are leaving with a warning about what the future holds: “Unless the UK Government change from austerity or the Scottish Government don't just pass the cuts on, there is worse to come for the Bairns of Falkirk.
Their Labour colleagues not seeking reselection include their son Craig Martin, Gerry Goldie, Adrian Mahoney, Charles MacDonald and Rosie Murray.
Those convicted are likely to be given new identities upon release The couple responsible for the death of 17-month-old Baby Peter have been named after a court anonymity order expired. They died in Haringey, north London, in the care of their mother Tracey Connelly, 28, and their partner Steven Barker, 33. A third defendant in the case named as Jason Owen, 37, is now identified as Barker's brother. Baby Peter's surname, Connelly, has also been released. In May, Connelly and Barker were given minimum terms of five and 12 years for causing or allowing the death of Peter. In a separate court case, Barker was also given a life sentence for raping a two-year-old girl. Peter had more than 50 injuries, including fractured ribs and a broken back, when they were found dead in a property in Penshurst Road, Tottenham, in August 2007. Jason Owen changed their surname to avoid being linked to the killing It emerged Owen had changed their name to avoid being connected to the killing of Peter. Owen, 37, who was jailed for three years, was staying at the home in Tottenham, which is within the borough of Haringey, with their 15-year-old girlfriend. Speaking to the BBC, Connelly's grandmother Mary O'Connor said they still had contact with her, but did not know "what to believe". "She lied. They lied to the police, they lied to me and to social services." By Mark Easton, Home editor We have a justice system in this country that says we must name the guilty. But there's a contradiction here because we also want it to protect the innocent. The difficulty with this case was that there was a very clear contradiction - there were other children involved who were still alive and there is a significant risk. Some believe that in identifying those responsible for the Baby Peter case that we risk identifying those children and making their lives more difficult. However, the judge finally decided that their identities are available to those who want to know them and have been for many months on the internet. I think that if there is a lesson to be drawn from this in terms of identification, it's how can we better ensure that we have a proper criminal justice system that does punish those responsible for crimes but also protects other children. It has also been revealed that the brothers were charged with assaulting their own grandmother, Hilda Barker, who lived in Whitstable, Kent, in 1995, in an attempt to make them change them will. That case was dropped when Mrs Barker, 82, died before giving evidence, but they told police they had been locked in a wardrobe by the pair. It can also be reported that Baby Peter had four siblings. A judge had ordered none of the defendants could be named because the other children were still being placed with alternative carers. Barker's trial for rape also contributed to the delay in naming the defendants. Now that all four children are being cared for, the guilty trio's anonymity has ceased. The notoriety of the Baby Peter case is such that all three convicted people are likely to be given new identities upon release to protect them from vigilante attacks, according to the probation union Napo. Assistant general secretary Harry Fletcher said: "The question will be, how well known are they in five years' time?
Trio who caused death of Peter Protected life for Baby P pair? Why names were kept secret "And will Baby P still resonate with the public in terms of horrendous crime? "If it does - and I suspect it will - the probation service and police will have no choice but to put in place a protection plan." Liberal Democrat MP for Hornsey and Wood Green, Lynne Featherstone, said they believed there would be widespread public anger if Connelly and Barker were given police protection after their release from prison. "There's certainly a section of the public that think that they should be in jail for life and if they come out they should not receive any protection at taxpayers' expense whatsoever," Ms Featherstone said. "I understand that anger and I hope that the indeterminate sentence is indeterminate and that the minimums that are mentioned are not what is served because I think the public would feel that that would be absolutely unacceptable. " Those responsible for Baby Peter's death are thought to be planning an appeal against their sentences. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many of the Palestinian children detained are not allowed to have contact with family or friends during their incarceration.
Many children also reported facing harsh treatment in detention, and with an estimated 500-700 Palestinian children a year being detained and prosecuted in Israeli military courts, their remains an immense need for trauma counseling.
The Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) is one organization which is running a post-trauma rehabilitation programme for ex-detainee children since May 2009. Most of these 500-700 Palestinian children from the West Bank are aged 12-17, and are detained mostly on charges related to throwing stones.
Nader Abu Amsha, the director of the YMCA rehabilitation programme in Beit Sahour claims that “These children go through a very painful time. They are often deprived of sleep, humiliated and forced to confess that they did something wrong."
 They are not alone in their assessment, as a new report released by the group Defense for Children International-Palestine Section (DCI-Palestine) also points to widespread ill-treatment of Palestinian minors in Israeli military detention.
The report, called ‘Bound, Blindfolded and Convicted: Children held in military detention,' is based on 311 testimonies from children who were detained. DCI-Palestine reported that 75 percent of the children reported that they suffered some form of physical violence.
The report stated that "Most children undergo coercive interrogation, mixing verbal abuse, threats and physical violence, generally resulting in a confession."
The UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) has criticized the Israeli practice of detaining children as unlawful, in particular because of its frequent use and the long period of detention, lasting up to eight months.
According to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, the detention of children should be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time.
It has been reported that the Israeli army has in the past rejected such criticism and points to the danger of Palestinian stone-throwers, and also claims that the children are sometimes accused for more serious crimes.
Every year an average of 350 children receive psycho-social support by the YMCA's rehabilitation programme, which combines psychological counselling with vocational support and structured activities to relieve anxiety and stress.
NATO warplanes targeting Taliban insurgents killed six children in a mountainous region of eastern Afghanistan known to be a militant hotbed, said an Afghan police commander.
The alliance said it was investigating claims that civilians had died following the air strike on Thursday against militants who were attacking a military outpost in the restive province of Kunar, which borders Pakistan.
Provincial police chief Khalilullah Ziayee told AFP that children were collecting scrap metal on the mountain when NATO aircraft dropped bombs to disperse Taliban fighters attacking a nearby base.
Read Next
"In the bombardment six children, aged six to 12, were killed. Another child was injured," the police commander said.
The International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), NATO's US-led mission in Afghanistan, said it was investigating the allegations.
ISAF "officials are aware of civilian casualty allegations as a result of the engagement and are conducting an investigation", it said in a statement.
The force confirmed it carried out a "precision-guided" air strike in the area during an engagement with insurgents.
"An insurgent round was observed to have landed short of its target, allegedly killing an Afghan civilian in a cornfield," ISAF's statement said.
It said four rebels were killed in the air raid, though this could not be independently confirmed.
Kunar, a rugged and heavily wooded region, is one of the most troubled provinces in Afghanistan and the scene of a huge military operation by US-led forces and their Afghan counterparts earlier in the summer.
The US-led force has been responsible for scores of civilian deaths, mainly caused by air raids during battles with Taliban and other insurgents.
The issue of civilian casualties is highly sensitive with Afghan leaders who argue that such incidents erode public support for the Western-backed administration.
In a recent meeting with US members of congress and military officials, President Hamid Karzai said one of the reasons that the US-led "war on terror" had not yet succeeded was "because civilians were killed in this war".
The European Court of Human Rights, often unfairly, gets a regular kicking in the British press. So it's good to see that the judges in Strasbourg have come up with a series of careful and nuanced rulings this morning on the issue of religious discrimination that are a cracking advertisement for exactly why we need such a court.
The judgements cover four cases that were brought by British Christians who claimed they were discriminated against by their employers because of their religious beliefs.
British Airways flight attendant Nadia Eweida and NHS nurse Shirley Chaplin both lost employment tribunals because they refused to take off necklaces bearing a crucifix. Lilian Ladele, a marriage registrar from Islington, and relationship counsellor Gary McFarlane lost their jobs because their opposition to same-sex relationships impinged on their ability to do their jobs without discriminating against others.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
While accepting Eweida had been discriminated against, the ECHR threw out the other three cases for very good reasons. I'll go into why the judges found the way they did below.
Striking a fair balance
As these cases have wound their way through the courts, the Christian right has portrayed all four as examples of how adherents are discriminated against and how their faith is supposedly being marginalised in the public sphere. They have already started to portray the Eweida win as an important victory “upholding the right to wear a cross at work”.
But, as the ECHR has ruled today, it's a lot more complicated than that and, in reality, this is a loss for the Christian lobby.
At the heart of this legal and moral debate is the question of competing rights. Religious freedom is a vital human right recognised by both UK and European law. But it is not an absolute right. That's because occasionally the religious views of one person may impinge upon the equally valid rights of another group of people.
Religious opposition to same-sex relationships is the most common current day example of this dilemma. Those with theologically inspired opposition to same-sex relationships are allowed to be anti-gay. They can disapprove of same-sex relationships, publicly speak out against them and say they are damned to eternal hellfire if they like.
But where the courts are often asked to draw a line is when a religious person directly impinges the rights of a gay person. It's a classic example of the liberalism espoused by JS Mill. Generally, we should be allowed to do, say and believe what we like as long as what we do doesn't harm (and that does not include causing offence) others.
In the two cases of the marriage counsellor and the registrar, Strasbourg ruled that the British courts “struck a fair balance” between these competing rights when they decided McFarlane and Ladele's employers were right to dismiss them. Here were two Christians, employed to offer a service to all people regardless of race, gender and sexual orientation who couldn't do so because of their religious belief.
The court found that both the marriage charity Relate and Islington borough council had clear policies that “required employees to act in a way which did not discriminate against others.” These policies, the court found, “had the legitimate aim of securing the rights of others, such as same-sex couples, which were also protected under the Convention (My emphasis).” Treating people differently because of sexual orientation “required particularly serious justification”.
The court has effectively reinforced a point it has made many times before but it's an important one to restate again and again: religious rights don't trump rights of others unless there is a very good reason. A balance has to be struck and in these cases, the ECHR ruled, the British courts did the right thing.
The crucifix cases are slightly different. Unlike Judaism, Islam and Sikhism which (depending on the school of thought) compel a believer to wear certain items or forms of dress, there is nothing in Christian doctrine that states an adherent must wear a crucifix. It's a manifestation of one's faith, but it is not dogma. Nonetheless the manifestation of faith is an important human right.
For Eweida and Chaplin no-one else's rights are being directly threatened by their desire to wear a crucifix. So why did the court find in favour of Eweida and not Chaplin? The answer is relatively bland – sheer practicalities.
As an NHS nurse Chaplin has to conform to their employer's standards on health and safety. When the hospital they worked at brought in new v-neck uniforms they were asked to remove their cross. Doctors feared that any overhanging jewellery might pose a risk because it could be pulled on by a patient or might touch an open wound – increasing the risk of infection. Given the importance of health and safety in a hospital the ECHR concluded that requiring Chaplin to remove their cross “had not been disproportionate and that the interference with their freedom to manifest their religion had been necessary in a democratic society.”
A silver lining
Eweida had more luck because BA's policy to ban them from wearing a cross was fraught with inconsistencies. As a Coptic Christian, Eweida had always worn a small crucifix under their uniform. In mid-2006 they decided to wear the cross openly. British Airways' uniform code required women to wear a high necked shirt and a cravat, with no visible jewellery and when Eweida refused to remove their crucifix they were offered admin work where they wouldn't need to wear a uniform. Ewieda refused. Then in February 2007, BA backed down and allowed employees to display religious or charity symbols.
That U-turn was one of the crucial reasons why Eweida won their case. The court once more spoke of competing rights but in this case it was the right of an employee to manifest their faith and the right of an employer to protect its brand image. In this case, BA had allowed Muslims and Sikhs to wear hijab/turbans respectively. So its brand image clearly didn't demand the secular. Meanwhile, the fact that the company later changed its uniform policy meant – in the eyes of the court – “that the earlier prohibition had not been of crucial importance”.
Ultimately today's rulings are a blow for the Christian lobby. Only one out of the four cases won and the one that did, did so because BA had an inconsistent policy towards protecting faith in the workplace.
What the ECHR hasn't done is given Christians – or any other religion – a carte blanche to discriminate against others on the grounds of belief. It means future claims where Christians have discriminated against gay men and women when offering services (such as a B&B room) and then pleaded religious freedom are less likely to succeed.
But the Christian lobby shouldn't feel too down because there is a silver lining. The legal point that competing rights don't automatically trump each other might protect them one day. After all, if a gay B&B owner refuses to accommodate a Christian because of their beliefs; or refuses to marry a Christian couple; or provide them relationship counselling – there's a strong chance they'd win their case in the courts for the same reasons.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
How San Francisco's gender disparity affects the attractiveness pairings of couples
Steven Tang Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 19, 2015
There seems to have been quite a bit of misunderstanding stirred up by this article, so please read this disclaimer: this analysis makes absolutely no value judgements about how attractive men & women in SF are, or how attractive they should feel. I lay out all the simplifying assumptions and I've tried to explain that this is not how the real world works. Nor do I believe this is how the real world works. No sane human should heed any advice from this article. None of this has any basis in reality. It's not supposed to. This is just a thought experiment about how one might build an economic model for dating with gender ratio imbalances. I've preserved the entirety of the original text below. There's plenty of room for miscommunication because the assumptions are buried inside the text. That's my fault. But I urge everyone to read the piece in its entirety before jumping to conclusions.
There's a joke that I've heard passed around the circles of frustrated single men in San Francisco. They claim that this city is home to 49ers — girls that are 4's but think they're 9's in terms of attractiveness. Whether the ineptitude of San Franciscan men or the confidence of San Franciscan women bears responsibility for this sentiment I cannot say, but it did make me curious about whether the numbers might be able to reveal anything.
The numbers in question, of course, are the gender ratio numbers. If the shortage of women is as bad as the guys lament, then it shouldn't be surprising that a woman can date a man that's more attractive than herself. I tried to find out how large that attractiveness difference should be (can 4's reasonably think they should be matched with 9's?), given a few simplifying assumptions about behaviors and distributions that, like any good economic model, may or may not have any resemblance to reality.
Distribution of attractiveness
We'll assume that men and women's attractivenesses are distributed identically along the classic 0–10 scale. Said another way, their attractivenesses have the same probability density functions. There exists research on the statistical distributions of attractiveness, but they're all pretty bad. So let's assume something sensible and simple — that attractiveness follows a normal distribution. But since we want our distribution to have a minimum of 0 and maximum of 10, we need to truncate our distribution. To satisfy that, we can use the truncated normal distribution. Here's the truncated normal distribution with various standard deviations:
Truncated normal probability density functions
I‘m also constraining the 0–10 scale to be relative in SF. The hottest guy/girl in SF is a 10 and the ugliest is a 0, irrespective of how attractive people in New York are. This analysis assumes that the mean is 5 throughout. We'll analyze the effects of changing the variance of the distribution, but we'll start off with assuming that the standard deviation is 1.75 (I picked this because I subjectively think the density function looks empirically correct).
The gender balance
I got the data for the number of singles aged 20 and older in SF from Census Reporter, which pulled 2014 data. Single in this case refers to marital status (that's the best we can do here). There's not a big gender gap between all of the singles in SF but the differences are much larger in the younger age groups. The men of the 35–49 age group have it the roughest. I think there are a lot more women in the 65+ age group because women tend to live longer than men, so that's a not very good cohort to examine.
Multiplying probability densities by populations gives us the respective attractiveness distributions for each gender. The 20–34 age group looks like:
Density functions with mean=5 and SD=1.75
At each level of attractiveness there are more men than women, but the difference in absolute quantity is most pronounced near the mean.
Dating behavior
This piece forms the basis of the entire analysis. It might get a bit confusing so bear with me. Here are the rules of our dating game:
People will date based solely based on attractiveness score. Single men will only date single women and vice versa. Assuming every single person in SF was required find a partner, they'll match with the most attractive partner they can find.
The last behavior is the most important one. A 10 woman will date a 10 man since it's optimal for both to date one another. However, a 0 woman doesn't have to date a 0 man. In the 20–34 group, there are 11,617 more men than women, so if all dating follows rule 3, the 11,617 least attractive men in SF won't find a mate. The least attractive woman in SF should be able to date the 11,618th the least attractive man in SF and that man is definitely not a 0.
The 100 most attractive men and women will date one another, the 5000 most attractive men and women will date one another, and so on. But because of the gender disparity, the 5000th most attractive man should be more attractive than the 5000th most attractive woman.
I'll call these pairs (m,w) where the n-th most attractive man with attractiveness m matches with the n-th most attractive woman with attractiveness w “attractiveness equivalences”. If there are more women than men, we'll always have m>w.
We can visualize this with the cumulative density functions:
According to a graduate student's research into the spying policies of major U.S. telecommunications companies, at a recent security conference a Sprint surveillance manager told a group of onlookers that half of all police requests include the target's text messages.
Half of millions — including some 8 million automated, web-based requests for GPS location, all in just over a year's time.
The revelation was made by Indiana University grad Christopher Soghoian, as part of their PhD dissertation published Dec. 1, 2009.
They attribute the stunning number to Paul Taylor, an Electronic Surveillance Manager with Sprint Nextel, who was speaking recently at the Washington, D.C. International Securities Systems conference, otherwise known as ISS World.
“Looking around at the name badges pinned to the suits milling around the refreshment area, it really was a who's who of the spies and those who enable their spying,” they wrote. “Household name telecom companies and equipment vendors, US government agencies (both law enforcement and intel). Also present were representatives from foreign governments — Columbia, Mexico, Algeria, and Nigeria, who, like many of the US government employees, spent quite a bit of time at the vendor booths, picking up free pens and coffee mugs while they learned about the latest and greatest surveillance products currently on the market.”
According to Soghoian, it was during the telecom service providers roundtable discussion that Taylor dropped the bombs.
“[M]y major concern is the volume of requests. We have a lot of things that are automated but that's just scratching the surface,” they said in an audio recording that has since been removed due to alleged copyright violation. “One of the things, like with our GPS tool. We turned it on the web interface for law enforcement about one year ago last month, and we just passed 8 million requests. So there is no way on earth my team could have handled 8 million requests from law enforcement, just for GPS alone. So the tool has just really caught on fire with law enforcement.”
“He's talking about the wonderful automated backend Sprint runs for law enforcement, LSite, which allows investigators to rapidly retrieve information directly, without the burden of having to get a human being to respond to every specific request for data,” added Julian Sanchez at the Cato Institute. “Rather, says Sprint, each of those 8 million requests represents a time when an FBI computer or agent pulled up a target's location data using their portal or API. (I don't think you can Tweet subpoenas yet.) For an investigation whose targets are under ongoing realtime surveillance over a period of weeks or months, that could very well add up to hundreds or thousands of requests for a few individuals. So those 8 million data requests, according to a Sprint representative in the comments, actually ‘only' represent ‘several thousand' discrete cases.”
Taylor continued: “Two or three years ago, we probably had less than 10% of our requests including text messaging. Now, over half of all of our surveillance includes SMS messaging.”
They added that their team, which handles all of Sprint's police requests, is 110 people strong.
“It's useful to keep in mind that, as Sprint spokesperson Matt Sullivan [said], ‘every wireless carrier has a team and a system' through which police can access GPS data,” noted a follow-up report by Talking Points Memo. “Sprint is the company unlucky enough to find itself the focus of scrutiny, but it reportedly controls just 18% of the U.S. wireless market, making it the third largest carrier.”
GPS location “likely outnumber[s] all other forms of surveillance request,” Soghoian added.
Sprint has over 47 million customers in the U.S.
A citizens' group hoping to make Alaska the third state in the nation to legalize recreational use of marijuana took a step closer Wednesday, submitting more than 46,000 signatures to the state election office.
If enough signatures are verified -- they need about 30,000 qualified signatures -- the question of whether to make pot legal in the nation's northernmost state will go before voters in the Aug. 19 primary. Signatures must come from at least 7 percent of voters in at least 30 House districts.
"It's clear that Alaskans are eager to have an opportunity to express their displeasure with the current system and make a change," said one of sponsors, Tim Hinterberger, a professor in the School of Medical Education at the University of Alaska Anchorage.
Voters in Colorado and Washington state last year legalized marijuana, and the language of the Alaska initiative is similar to the Colorado measure.
"We have no reason to think our campaign will be any less successful," Hinterberger said.
State election officials have 60 days to accept or deny the initiative for the ballot, Alaska Division of Elections Director Gail Fenumiai said in an email to The Associated Press.
The state has a complicated relationship with marijuana.
The Alaska Supreme Court ruled in 1975 that banning home use and possession of small amounts of marijuana violated a constitutional right to privacy. Since then, activists and others have battled over the law and its implications.
The 1975 decision did not mention a specific amount one could possess, but in 1982 the Alaska Legislature determined less than 4 ounces was fine unless there was evidence of sales or distribution. That amount was later reduced to 1 ounce.
The law remains murky. In 2006, the Alaska Legislature passed a law re-criminalizing small amounts of pot at home. The American Civil Liberties Union of Alaska challenged the law on privacy grounds and won in Superior Court. But the state appealed to the Alaska Supreme Court, which threw out the lower court decision but didn't clarify the conflict with the earlier law.
This initiative, Hinterberger said, will bring Alaska statute into accordance with the 1975 Supreme Court decision and the 1982 possession of one ounce.
"We're just going to try to remove any ambiguity," they said.
No formal opposition has formed to the proposed initiative.
If the measure qualifies for the ballot, they anticipate a high-profile campaign with radio and TV advertising. Hinterberger didn't identify any financial supporters, saying those will be made public when campaign finance forms are submitted. The Marijuana Policy Project, which advocates for fewer restrictions on marijuana across the country, has previously pledged support for the Alaska proposal.
The initiative makes possession of up to one ounce of marijuana and up to six plants, including three flowering, legal for adults 21 and older. However, it does not allow the public consumption of weed. Anyone smoking in public would face a $100 fine.
It also makes the manufacture, sale and possession of marijuana accessories legal.
The proposed initiative would grant regulatory control to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, but also give the Alaska Legislature the option to create a Marijuana Control Board.
The control board would have nine months to enact regulations, and applications will be accepted one year after the effective date of the initiative.
The proposal creates the establishment of marijuana retail stores, cultivation facilities, infused-product manufacturers and marijuana testing facilities. An excise tax of $50 per ounce will be place on sales or transfers from a cultivation facility to a retail store or infused-product manufacturer.
Local communities could ban the use of marijuana, but communities cannot prohibit private possession and plant growing at home. Employers also are allowed to impose restrictions on marijuana use by employees.
Patrick Madden has taught and conducted research in computer science for close to 20 years at Binghamton University of the State University of New York. Were the political situation any different in Washington, they said they would be happy to continue doing just that. Instead, he's running for Congress in New York's 22nd District.
“The last few years, the political debate has been separated from reality where politicians can say nearly anything. It doesn't matter if it's true or false. People don't even bat an eye,” they said. “I'm going to do my best to haul the discussion back towards reality.”
Madden is just one of a handful of scientists jumping into unfamiliar territory by launching campaigns for elected office. Organizations working with those candidates hope to field a small wave of scientist candidates across the country in response to an administration and Congress they say have disregarded science to an unprecedented degree.
Scientists, academics and medical professionals have been wary of President Trump since their campaign was still a White House long shot and they were calling global warming a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese government. But since their election victory, their approach to science has continued to alarm scientists and others concerned with evidence-based policy making -- from key cabinet appointments to muzzling of scientists in some federal agencies and huge cuts to research funding in the White House budget. For many the dangerous decision making culminated in Trump's announcement that they would withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accords.
Frustrations with the administration helped spur one of the largest ever protests in support of science -- the March for Science in April. That event helped get many campus-based researchers and students of science out of the classroom and into the streets. It also connected many with tools and training to better communicate about the value of science to the general public.
Even before the march, though, some organizers were working to find candidates with science backgrounds to run for office. Perhaps the most prominent of those groups is 314 Action, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit group that splits its resources between electoral politics and pro-science advocacy.
“The joke that I tell is we're like Emily's List for nerds,” said Ted Bordelon, the national spokesperson for 314, referring to the political action committee that supports pro-choice Democratic women candidates.
Bordelon said 314 recruits and trains candidates with any kind of background in a STEM field, from a bachelor of science to a Ph.D. The group has had about 6,000 individuals participate in candidate training across the country through online webinars and in-person events.
Madden is among the candidates working with 314. Others are running for everything from school board to Congress.
In California's 48th Congressional District, stem-cell researcher Hans Keirstead announced plans this summer to run as a Democrat against Republican incumbent Dana Rohrabacher, a noted skeptic of the scientific consensus on climate change. Volcanologist Jess Phoenix is running against Republican Steve Knight in California's 25th District.
And Lamar Smith, the Republican chair of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, has drawn an opponent in Texas's 21st District seeking to make hay of Smith's anti-science views. While not a scientist himself, Democrat Derrick Crowe has worked as an organizer on climate change in Texas and described themselves to Mother Jones as an “unabashed nerd and unapologetic advocate for science and reason.”
Smith, meanwhile, has made enemies of prominent scientists like Michael Mann, director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University. Smith, a hard-core climate denier, responded to a paper on climate change from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by issuing a subpoena to the director of the agency. Smith and Rohrabacher are two of the incumbents being targeted by 314 in the next congressional campaign cycle.
Kevork Abazajian, associate professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California, Irvine, said jumping into politics comes more naturally to candidates from the legal profession and other fields. Candidates from STEM backgrounds often haven't been involved in politics since they were in college or don't find it easy to step away from the lab for a months-long campaign, they said.
“It doesn't make them unqualified to be political candidates or political representatives. They just have to learn how it works because they're not as involved in it,” said Abazajian, 314's volunteer state coordinator in California.
In that role, they have frequent discussions with individuals considering runs for office about how to set up a campaign, raise funds, manage staff and communicate with the media. Abazajian said each candidate the group supports will run on a message tailored to their district -- they won't have a set of common talking points on national policy issues. But those candidates will presumably push for more federal support of research funding and regulations based on recommendations of scientific experts over industry. But they said electing more scientists would shift the temperament and policy making in Congress.
“They are middle-of-the-road. They are not ideological,” they said. “They go where the data takes them.”
The group has endorsed Keirstead and this week will issue an endorsement of Democrat Chrissy Houlahan, an Air Force veteran with a master of science in technology and policy from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Houlahan is running against Republican Representative Ryan Costello in Pennsylvania's Sixth District.
It would probably be fair to expect that successful candidates with science backgrounds would back more federal funding of scientific research -- an issue frequently cited by attendees at the March for Science in April. And university groups have been vocal critics of the Trump administration's Muslim travel ban, a policy that adversely affected many researchers, academics and students with ties to the countries involved.
Madden, the Binghamton professor, describes themselves as a left-leaning, progressive Democrat and said they support increasing the minimum wage, investing in universities and reducing the cost of college for students. They also oppose the White House travel ban. Although their district leans GOP, they said they could attract enough support from voters of both parties to defeat incumbent Representative Claudia Tenney, a Republican and Trump ally.
Tenney last year was one of 20 Republicans to join the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus, which was set up to explore policy responses to the impacts of climate change. But this year they said Trump “showed leadership” by withdrawing from the Paris accord.
Jason Westin, a Houston oncologist who leads a team of cancer researchers at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, said they had not planned to run for office before last November's election. But Westin, who worked on health-care policy in the Senate before going to medical school, said he's seen traditional respect for science come under attack by the current administration. He's one of several Democrats running to challenge Republican Representative John Culberson in Texas's Seventh Congressional District, one of two seats in the state Democrats plan to target next year.
“We need people who understand science, need people who understand the consequences of disrespect for science to stop complaining and do something,” Westin said.
As chair of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice and Science, Culberson has frequently overridden the judgment of NASA leadership. He's also criticized the Environmental Protection Agency and cast doubt on the science of climate change -- two issues where Westin said they would seek to draw a contrast with the incumbent in their campaign.
They also said the proposed cuts to the National Institutes of Health in the White House budget would have an outsize effect on the district.
"If we don't get grants to labs, those jobs are gone," they said. "These are not academic points that don't have any real-life practicality. These are things that have a real impact on the local economy and are key for vibrant societies."
While 314, an early supporter of the March for Science, is only supporting Democratic candidates, the march has remained nonpartisan. Caroline Weinberg, a co-chair of the march, said the organization won't be involved in activity connected to specific candidates or potential candidates for office.
"The March for Science brought together an incredible community of organizers who are interested in ensuring that science and the scientific community plays a more active role in public policy. In the two months since the march, we've been working with these hundreds of satellite-event organizers to shape our priorities as we move forward as an organization," Weinberg said in an email. "We're still having specific discussions about the role we'll play in 2018. But regardless of the election season, the March for Science will continue to be active in speaking up when science is threatened or ignored by policymakers at all levels of government and in encouraging people to advocate for science and evidence-based policy."
Rush Holt, the president and CEO of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and a high-profile supporter of the march, said they get phone calls every year from scientists considering a run for office. But Holt, who taught physics before serving in the State Department and then Congress, said he's received more of those calls this year than any other.
“They have the usual concern -- can a scientist do it? And of the course the answer is yes, no better or worse than anyone else can,” they said. “Which is to say it's hard work for anybody to do it and the odds are against you any time you try to break into politics. But it's something I encourage scientists to do.”
Holt said scientists have traditionally stayed out of politics, partly because they do not want to be seen as partisan. But increasingly their input has been ignored by lawmakers, they said.
“We'd be glad to see more scientists in office if that means science and scientific evidence are better integrated into legislation and policy making,” Holt said. “Sometimes it seems that the only way that that happens is by having trained scientists and engineers and friends of science in the policy-making process.”
“We are a little afraid, but we still have to live our lives,” said Omar Gurrola, a hotel bus driver who brought their 5-year-old son to the stadium.
On Sunday, the gates opened at 9 a.m., two hours before kickoff. Mariachi music played as fans arrived in jerseys, bandannas and masks borrowed from Mexico's flamboyant tradition of professional wrestling. Dancers gyrated in halter tops and Spandex chaps.
“This is our escape from reality, from the violence and the bad news,” said Miguel Carbajal, president of the largest Indios fan club, who wore a team scarf and a rosary for good luck.
Last May, when Indios won a playoff to reach the top division after the team's third year of existence, tens of thousands of fans defiantly ignored a viral e-mail warning that the weekend would be the “bloodiest and deadliest” in Juárez's history.
Instead of cowering indoors, fans took to the streets, standing on cars and the roofs of houses, stopping traffic and rejoicing as the returning players were bused from the airport to the Church of San Lorenzo to give thanks for their triumph.
“We recovered part of the city that we were missing,” said Victor Valencia de los Santos, the highest-ranking state official in Juárez, Chihuahua's largest city with a population of 1.3 million.
“We were afraid of everybody, everything,” Mr. Valencia said. “Thanks to the euphoria Indios brought to the city, we started to recover. We still have problems, but people feel they can go outside and be good neighbors and have a drink with somebody they don't know because they are wearing an Indios jersey or cap.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Not even soccer, though, has been fully immune to the fear of violence.
Concerns over narco-danger and the slumping economy have delayed plans for a 37,000-seat stadium. It has become more difficult to attract corporate sponsors and to sign players. Andrés Chitiva, a native of Colombia , was released in December, partly because they played poorly, partly because they were shaken by a menacing phone call, team officials said.
“He got scared,” said Francisco Ibarra Molina, the team president. “They wanted money or they would kidnap their kids.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Two other Indios players, Ezequiel Maggiolo and Juan Ramón Curbelo, sent their families home to Argentina and Uruguay after the violence escalated earlier this year. Mr. Ibarra said they would soon send their three youngest children to school in El Paso, where it was safer.
“I'm a little worried,” said Mr. Ibarra, whose family owns a prominent construction firm. “I was born in Juárez and I have been here for 46 years. I hope to die in the city, but not with a bullet.”
Unlike many professional athletes in the United States who carry licensed guns for protection, Mexican athletes are prohibited by more restrictive laws, team officials said. Still, Indios players said they did not feel particularly threatened. Security is unobtrusive during training sessions, and players come and go without bodyguards. Apart from that ominous phone call to Mr. Chitiva, players said they had experienced nothing more damaging than a single stolen car, a relatively minor nuisance given the circumstances.
After a bloody February, killings here are down from an average of 10 a day to about one a day as 2,000 federal police officers and 5,000 soldiers stream into Juárez, Mayor Reyes said.
“Probably some drug dealers come to the games, but if they do, it's to have fun, not to do bad to anyone,” said Jesus Rodriguez, a sociologist and journalist in Juárez. “Soccer is neutral, like a treaty between the good and the bad.”
Before Sunday's game, three candles were lit in the locker room at shrines to Our Lady of Guadalupe, a revered 16th century depiction of the Virgin Mary. The players gathered in a circle as a priest led a prayer, then began to hug one another and shout, “Let's go.”
A victory against Tigres of Monterrey was considered vital. Indios is seeking to avoid demotion from the 18-team division after its rookie season. The club could be worth $30 million in the top flight, but only $1 million in a lesser division after a loss of television money, sponsorships and prestige, Mr. Ibarra said. And there would be a psychic cost, too.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Indios is hope and celebration,” they said. To be demoted at season's end in May “might bring an ugly depression.”
No amount of prayer, though, seemed sufficient as Indios trailed, 2-0, by halftime. Spirits lifted considerably after a late rally rescued a 2-2 tie. It was not a victory, but it was also not a defeat.
“The way we started, a tie is O.K.,” Mayor Reyes said. “The restaurants will be full. The merchants will be happy.”
They left the stadium with six security guards, but stopped outside to shake hands and pose for pictures with relieved Indios fans.
“Life is pretty normal,” they said. “There are threats and they are real. We have to be careful. But I'm going to go about my business. I won't be a slave in my city.”
Application of technology in cricket
Shares
Technology in Cricket
While the game of cricket is on, umpire takes several decisions. But sometimes, the umpire faces difficulties while giving decisions. They might not be able to see every corner of the field, sometimes the incidents like run-outs etc. are too fast to be judged by the naked eyes . Wrong decisions / debatable decisions almost always cause bad blood between two teams. To alleviate such disputes, the umpire takes the help of technology directly or indirectly through the third umpire who sits in front of the Display and off the fields. Depending on the query by the field umpires, they either provides verdicts or provide requisite feedback to field umpires enabling them to take right decisions. There many applications of technology in cricket but some of the important new technology applications are the following:
Graphics package:
It is basically used for the benefit of TV viewers. A lot of technology are used together to put up a correct score board of a match. The score board which normally looks like a replica of the physical score board, is actually hyper linked with many view windows and statistics.
This simple scoreboard also provides stunning visual statistics like the following:
Hawk eye:
This is a computer system which is used to show the path of a cricket ball when the bowler bowls the ball towards the batsman on the pitch. There is often confusion about the probable trajectory of the ball after it hits the pad. Human eye often fails to judge the scenario correctly. This system considers many external factors like speed, bounce, impact, distance of the impact etc. and simulates the probable trajectory of the bowl to predict if the bowl had hit the wicket. It also shows if the pitch of the ball is outside the leg stamp. This system is basically used to adjudicate the LBW decisions.
Snick-o-Meter:
Snick-o-Meter was invented by Allen Plaskett. It is also commonly known as a Snicko. It measures the sound frequencies while the ball passes the bat and uses the pattern matching of the library sound frequencies of the ball hitting various surfaces. The basic idea is to see if the captured sound matches with the library sound of ball hitting the bat. It is actually a very sensitive microphone, which is placed in one of the stumps so that it can catch the sound of the ball hitting the bat. Currently, this technology is only used to give the viewers of the television an idea about the caught behind scenario. It has not been deployed as a fully approved method to judge the caught behind scenario.
Ball Spin RPM:
Ball Spin RPM shows revolution per minute of a ball. It shows the speed of spin of a ball after release.. Again, this technology is still used for informative purpose to make it more tangible to the TV viewers. It is also used for post match analysis and debugging of mystery spin ball and the bowling pattern.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Responding to Donald Trump's attack on Morning Joe's “low ratings,” MSNBC producer Jesse Rodriguez took to Twitter on Saturday morning to remind the president that Morning Joe, hosted by Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, is seeing high viewership.
Rodriguez reminded fact-free Trump that Morning Joe's ratings in this year's second quarter are the show's best ever.
Tweet:
Just a reminder about the @Morning_Joe ratings https://t.co/N6GTH99siw — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 1, 2017
The reminder from the MSNBC producer comes a few days after MSNBC released a statement outlining just how high the show's ratings have been.
Thanks to our viewers: “Morning Joe” had MSNBC's highest rating ever in the time period in the key demographic last quarter. pic.twitter.com/HL2J1SciBv — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) June 27, 2017
Not only are Morning Joe's ratings just fine, but they're doing better than ever in the age of Trump – a fact likely to get under the president's very thin skin.
Once again, Trump is showing that they aren't just more interested in attacking their critics than doing their job, but also that there is nothing they won't lie about – even something as trivial as TV ratings.
Instead of spewing falsehoods about everybody else's ratings, perhaps the President of the United States should start worrying about their own dismal ratings.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Days of our Freeports a guest Jan 3rd, 2016 3,592 Never a guest3,592Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
RAW Paste Data
I'm making quite a few adjustments to the way things have been done in the past!
This composition challenge will consist of a prize pool of $150, split $75 between two people.
There will be a “judgement day” on stream where I will select all of the high-quality submissions and have the entire stream listen to them. At the end of this, the stream will vote on which mix they think is their favorite. This will be winner number 1.
The second winner will be chosen by me, based on what I deem to be “the best” mix.
I'm divvying it up this way so that I can still have the submissions be as “free form” as possible without any kind of restrictions on them, but to make it so that the winners every month aren't just submitting mixes that I'm bias towards.
Also, during the judging process, 90% of all donations/subscriptions will go towards future prize pools for the next competition challenge. This gives me a way to continue funding them without losing money and it allows me to scrape 10% of the shekels off the top (and cover paypal fees etc).
With no further ado, I present to you,
Description
The primary key is c minor. The first section is just a repetition of a very basic i-iv-vii°-i progression with a quasi-ostinato pattern for the melody. Keeping the same ostinato melody, it then transitions over the relative major of Ab, bouncing between A♭M7 and E♭M7 (if you haven't noticed from previous challenges, I really really really like this pattern). There's then a descending string of four chords, A♭M7, gm7, F♯M7, fm7. This composition ends on a D♭ chord simply because I had no other ideas at the time.
Deadline
All submissions must be submitted no later than midnight, EST, on December 19th, 2014.
Submissions should be posted to the reddit thread linked above where it says “Discuss this on reddit”.
Judging
Judging will take place at 1500, EST, on December 21st, 2014.
As a reminder, you grant me a non-exclusive license to use any music submitted to this challenge for my Twitch, Youtube and future tournament series. You still retain 100% of the original rights to the songs and you can revoke this permission at any time.
Good luck!
Image caption Gen Dostum joined Afghanistan's national unity government in 2014
Afghan Vice-President Abdul Rashid Dostum tried to fly back from Turkey late on Monday but was denied permission to land, officials say.
It is unclear who stopped the landing but a source close to President Ashraf Ghani told the BBC the return had not been co-ordinated with the government.
Gen Dostum left for Turkey in May amid claims they ordered their men to kidnap, beat and rape a political rival.
They deny wrongdoing. Their spokesperson said they went for a medical check-up.
Atta Mohammad Noor, the powerful governor of northern Balkh province, was waiting at Mazar-e Sharif airport to meet Gen Dostum on Monday night, the Pajhwok news agency reported.
More than 1,000 people accompanied the governor to receive the former warlord at the airport, which is near their home province of Jowzjan.
Witnesses said some Dostum supporters held posters with slogans such as "Welcome back our dear leader," Reuters news agency reported.
But the plane was diverted to Ashgabat in Turkmenistan.
Early reports suggested German forces were behind the move. However, Nato later denied this, saying such decisions were a matter for the Afghan authorities.
A source close to President Ghani told the BBC's Afghan service that Gen Dostum's decision to return without consulting the authorities in Kabul had caused suspicion.
"We wanted them to come to Kabul... because we wanted to have a clear understanding of what's going on," the source said.
"There are no legal hurdles for them to return, the government has no issues, but they have to take the right route."
Image copyright VT freeze frame Image caption Gen Dostum has been a player in Afghan politics and wars for decades
Gen Dostum, Atta Mohammad and Mohammad Mohaqeq, another influential ethnic leader, recently formed an opposition group calling for major political reforms. They want to trim the powers of the president, whom they accuse of accumulating power.
Gen Dostum's officials have denied they were on the plane that was turned away.
But one of the men tasked with preparing for their return confirmed to the BBC that Gen Dostum had spoken with their men from Ankara on Monday morning. They had directed them to co-ordinate with Atta Mohammad and Mohammad Mohaqeq and to organise a major event to launch the new coalition.
The vice-president is a former warlord with decades of experience in Afghanistan's turbulent political arena.
They have been blamed for some of the worst atrocities in the country's long-running civil war, but joined its national unity government in 2014.
The allegations against them come from Ahmad Eshchi, a former ally, who says they suffered days of severe beatings and sexual abuse at Gen Dostum's command.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ahmad Eshchi showed reporters an injury on their leg last year
They said the vice-president and 10 other men assaulted them while they were forcibly kept at Gen Dostum's residence in November 2016.
The ex-warlord denies the claims and has said that Mr Eshchi was detained by the country's intelligence service.
In 2008 Gen Dostum went to Turkey amid similar allegations that their personal militia had abducted, beaten and sexually assaulted a political rival in Kabul, then fired on police who responded to the incident.
There's no question that the New York Times photo of James Comey during their Senate Intelligence Committee hearing, where they detailed their uncomfortable and suspect dealings with President Donald Trump, is going to be one of the iconic ones of our time. There's also no question about who overwhelmingly seems to dominate the photojournalism field based on this photo: white men.
Doug Mills, the photographer who carefully planned and shot the photo, used a monopod from above the gaggle of photographers. If you read this detailed write-up about it, you'll see another photo that has an even clearer view. Counting the photographers, about 32 seemed to be white males, and only two women in the group. There may have been a few minorities, but it's hard to tell.
Take a look:
Former F.B.I. director James Comey takes their seat @ the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence witness table. #Comeyhearing #ComeyTestimony pic.twitter.com/NBplsIXsYs — Doug Mills (@dougmillsnyt) June 8, 2017
Regardless of what the exact count was, it's stunning that news organizations don't consider this when sending out photographers. Yes, news outlets have hit tough times, and those tough times disproportionately affect minorities in newsrooms, but it's still something an editor should think about. This is even more important when it involves a president that specifically targets minorities when crafting policy.
The Comey photo reveals that there's still a huge gender/race gap in photojournalism. If you look at the list of New York Times reporters in the White House Press Corps (or at least the ones listed here), there's a lack of diversity across the board. It's a similar situation for the board of the White House Correspondents' Association. Fox News, according to that same list, seems to be doing better on this front.
Many commenters pointed out this issue not only in terms of the photographers, but also in terms of the people in the room who controlled the levers of power in government:
Some of the comments on the New York Times story about the photo.
When photographs disproportionately carry the collective consciousness and culture of a specific group, they in turn disproportionately bias their consumers toward that group's ideas on anything from sexuality to social habits. Culture feeds into art feeds into culture. Culture feeds into advertising feeds into culture. Culture feeds into journalism feeds into culture.
In January, shortly before the inauguration and on the cusp of expanded racism that followed the new administration , Fstoppers Writer Alex Cooke looked at the diversity problem in the photography industry as a whole and called out an important reason to foster diversity in photography and specifically photojournalism:
This particular photo from the Comey hearing reveals that no one's listening.
Jalalabad, Afghanistan (CNN) It might just be a crackle and a hiss but to many in eastern Afghanistan, it's a sign that ISIS is back.
ISIS FM was for months how the militants reached out to local Afghans. But then the United States bombed it, as part of a broader campaign to dismantle ISIS, and the radio broadcast went silent.
Yet in the past week, according to several locals, the signal has, occasionally, returned.
"It was there three days ago, and it's gone again," one man tells CNN.
"They are asking people to pledge allegiance and march on Kabul."
Afghanistan expansion
JUST WATCHED How U.S. wasted money in Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How U.S. wasted money in Afghanistan 01:21
ISIS first emerged last year in the country's east, gaining ground and support fast, often among disaffected Taliban or Afghan youth.
After years of war, the savagery and vision of Islam offered by the group appealed to some, though the Afghan offshoot's link to the Syria-based leadership has been questioned. Many say in fact the Afghan ISIS fighters came from Pakistan and adopted the group's branding in order to get financing.
For some, the group's brutality has proven too much.
Arabistan and Zaitoun -- two lifelong, rugged Taliban fighters whose names mean incongruously "Saudi Arabia" and "Olive" -- are a case in point.
Amidst intense infighting that has afflicted the Taliban in the past year, their faction was losing out. Then along came ISIS, which offered them superior weapons and little choice but to accept.
Their leader soon pledged allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi while on a trip to Pakistan.
However, the two men -- who spoke to CNN near Jalalabad city in an interview arranged by the Afghan intelligence service NDS -- say they quickly realized ISIS's true agenda wasn't to help ordinary Afghans.
"They just like beheadings," says Zaitoun.
"They knew who was rich to take their money, and the poor they would arm to fight with them, or kill them," Arabistan adds.
The new relationship went sour fast, and both men remember the moment their mistake dawned upon them.
"I remember when they beheaded seven people in the bazaar, including government workers and Pakistani Taliban," Zaitoun says.
"I saw the five-meter piece of wood they did it on, covered in blood. They just threw the bodies away, unburied. It was very un-Islamic."
For Arabistan it was more personal.
"My worst memory was learning that if you were killed fighting for them, they wouldn't hand your wife and children to your relatives, but put them in a camp."
Taking the fight to ISIS
JUST WATCHED U.S. troops cleared to engage ISIS in Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. troops cleared to engage ISIS in Afghanistan 01:57
The two men are part of a program NDS run called the Popular Uprising Program, intended to harness local militants to fight ISIS.
While the program has seen success in many areas, Zaitoun and Arabistan say their village, in Nangahar province, has not benefited, as they have not got adequate protection or financing from the government.
In fact, they say, most of the fight against ISIS is now being done by American drones.
"Drones are doing a good job," says Arabistan. "[They are] killing ISIS, and they target them as soon as they leave their houses."
"The government hasn't made any progress in those areas, it's only the bombing that is effective," says Zaitoun.
U.S. officials say a substantial amount of air power has been focused against ISIS this year, with roughly a hundred strikes on targets in the east of Afghanistan that include ISIS.
"ISIS had a fairly significant presence in six or seven districts in Nangahar, now that's probably down to three or four, but they also seem to be growing more and more in (nearby) Kunar," says Major General Jeff Buchanan, Deputy Chief of Staff for U.S. operations in Afghanistan.
"So when they feel pressure in one place they tend to go somewhere else to operate."
Fleeing brutality
JUST WATCHED How does ISIS govern its territory? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How does ISIS govern its territory? 02:06
Zaitoun and Arabistan's career paths as militants reflect the chaotic and pragmatic nature of Afghanistan's war.
Arabistan's own checkered past is clear when they hold up their cloak, grinning.
It is pockmarked with holes from what they say was an attack by an American helicopter while they were still in the Taliban. They say they only survived by hiding behind a wall.
Not far from where the two former fighters sit are many ordinary people who tried to avoid war, but still saw their lives shattered.
Many live in a huge sprawling settlement of luxury houses intended for rich home buyers who never came. The village lies unfinished, the poor displaced by Afghanistan's latest war -- against ISIS -- living in the half-built shells.
Paghman was shot in the waist by ISIS fighters as they tried to help their wife and six children flee their village, near the town of Achin.
They barely escaped after being put in the back of a truck, and now suffers constant pain, even just sitting, and is unable to provide for their family.
"As soon as (ISIS) came to the villages, everyone including the government workers and security forces fled," Paghman says.
"ISIS fighters would kill anyone they caught and then they would burn down their houses. They burned down my house too."
Rustam's uncle was one of eight men executed by ISIS in one of their first videos from Afghanistan.
In it, the men are led along a misty hill and made to kneel on a series of explosives buried beneath them. After they deliver a brief statement to camera -- Rustam's uncle speaking first -- the bombs are detonated, the camera capturing the deaths and aftermath in sickening detail.
"My brother called our father to tell them the video was on Facebook," Rustam says.
"We couldn't bury him, as we don't have a body. The pieces of it are probably still lying where they were blown up."
"Used" for gaming and compilation.
I say "used" because I'm not a big gamer nor do I do take a lot of work at home, it was mostly about building it!
Despite the two R9 290X, the watercooling make it quiet like a dream!
The cooling is optimized for quiet operation so it can get quite hot for a watercooled build, but still quite under the temperature parts are rated for.
I'm pretty glad that I had not a single case modification to do. This reservoir bracket holds perfectly to that hard drive cage!
The speakers are 15 years old JBL speakers from our first computer ever in 1998 that my dad gave me. They're really good speakers.
CPU-Z Validation : http://valid.canardpc.com/w0rwbz (Buss speed should be 100.00 Mhz, I think CPU-Z is tripping balls on Windows 8.1 since last update)
18,353 Fire Strike Score : http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/1804283?
9,802 Fire Strike Extreme Score : http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/1804324?
A bill to extend one of the NSA's most powerful surveillance tools, and further peel back American civil liberties, was approved today by the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in a strict party line vote (12-8), with Republican members voting in the majority.
The committee and the public had less than 48 hours to read and discuss the bill. Democratic committee members openly criticized the short timeframe, amongst other problems.
“This bill was shared with my office less than 24 hours ago, and here we are marking up legislation that has incredibly profound constitutional implications for all Americans,” said Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA). They continued: “We could be sitting here, thoughtfully debating the precarious balance between security and civil liberties and the best path forward, but instead, the majority has decided to do otherwise.”
The bill is the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017, and it was introduced on the evening of November 30 by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA). It is the latest legislative attempt to reauthorize Section 702, one of the NSA's most powerful surveillance authorities that allows for the targeting and collection of communications of non-U.S. persons not living in the United States. The NSA also uses Section 702 to justify the “incidental” collection of American communications that are predictably swept up during foreign intelligence surveillance, too.
The bill has many problems that you can read about here, from potentially restarting one of the NSA's most invasive forms of surveillance to treating constitutional rights as optional.
But instead of probing these privacy defects in the bill, much of the Friday morning hearing was dominated by heated partisan debate around a single topic that one Democratic committee member described as “political dynamite.”
That issue is “unmasking,” the process by which the identities of Americans whose communications are collected through the broader FISA law are revealed at request by government officials. The Nunes bill includes several oversight provisions for this process.
According to the committee's Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA), the issue has nothing to do with Section 702, and it has no rightful place in the Nunes bill.
Close to one hour into the disagreements, Rep.Denny Heck (D-WA) bemoaned the lost opportunity to have a conversation on the balance between national security and civil liberties.
“I'm voting no because I believe that this bill sets up a false choice between whether or not we can be secure, or whether or not we can protect our rights to privacy, especially under the Fourth Amendment,” Rep. Heck said. “Benjamin Franklin famously quipped, and I'm amazed that they have not yet been quoted today, that those who would trade privacy for security deserve neither.”
Rep. Heck continued: “I find that the weight of this bill trades off privacy for security, and I believe that is a false choice because I believe we can have both.”
We agree. The Nunes bill threatens the privacy of American communications and potentially opens up U.S. persons to an invasive type of NSA surveillance that the agency voluntarily ended this year.
The Nunes bill goes backward. Surveillance reform must move forward.
It's been a tumultuous year for Libertarians.
With many of us in the press (naively) believing there was no way traditional Republicans would get behind their party's nominee, there was open (naive) speculation about whether Libertarian candidate and former Republican Gov. Gary Johnson could mount a dark-horse presidential candidacy. Then came Johnson's Aleppo moment (fault) and then their inability to name a foreign leader they liked (double fault). Johnson finished with 3.2 percent of the vote nationwide.
But in Washington, Johnson made a stronger showing, notching just above, or just below, 5 percent of the vote—depending on whether you count write-in votes as part of the total. Since getting 5 percent of the vote is the threshold in Washington for gaining “major-party” status, the question over whether write-ins should be counted could lead to a lawsuit by the Libertarian Party in the event they are denied the status by the Secretary of State's office.
Suckers for drama, we caught up with Michael Pickens, a former state director of the party who is still involved in leadership, to get the rundown.
So, to begin with, 5 percent may not seem like a great showing in an election. Can you put that figure into context for a third party? I was the state director for the Johnson campaign for 2012, and then we got 1.35 percent here in Washington—so much lower than this time around. We were expecting around 5 percent this year, with the poll numbers and just the growth in the number of activists and volunteers and donors over the last few years.
How do you explain the growth? Those billboards on I-5? There were billboards all across the state, phone calls all across the state. But the big difference between 2012 and this year is this year we had 34 Libertarian candidates running all across the state. In 2012 we had none. We started recruiting candidates back in 2014 to run for state office. In 2014 we had 12 candidates. Last year we had 16 local candidates with five wins. This year we had 34 candidates. No wins, but our candidates broke vote totals in areas we were running.
You haven't mentioned Trump yet. How did their candidacy affect Johnson's performance? And does that make you worried the Libertarian performance was directly tied to a single candidate? We did win some never-Trump voters. I know even the Republican candidate for governor did not endorse Trump. You had arguably the two worst candidates in the history of presidential elections. That's obviously going to help any candidate other than the bad ones. But there were five other [third-party] candidates on the ballot people have gone to. Gary Johnson got more votes than all the other minor-party candidates combined.
It's your contention that Johnson's performance should qualify the Libertarian Party for “major-party” status in Washington. Can you explain what that is? What does the Libertarian Party get with major-party status? We get the Precinct Committee Officer system that the Republicans and Democrats use. That's a huge deal for us. The next thing we get is a presidential primary in 2020—the voters in Washington state will be able to choose from all our presidential candidates before our convention, just like Republicans and Democrats do. And another thing we get is no longer will we have to collect signatures to get on the ballot.
But the state disagrees obviously, saying that with write-in ballots counted, Johnson got under 5 percent of the vote. Since 1992 the state of Washington has not counted write-in votes. This year should be no different. The write-in vote should not count unless the write-in candidate filed a write-in campaign. The Secretary of State has until December 8 to make a ruling. If Kim Wyman decides to not give us ballot access, we are prepared to move forward with a lawsuit. Precedent has already been set in how they count votes. Now, when we have worked so hard over the past 40 years to get to this mark, to get to major-party status, it is very unreasonable.
If the party continues to grow in strength, are you worried that you will essentially split the “small-government” vote in Washington and thus empower the clearly “big-government” party, the Democrats? No. If you look at their track records, the Republicans and Democrats aren't that different. The Republicans, the problem with them, they talk about financial responsibility, but when they get elected they turn around and don't follow through on those promises. At least with the Democrats they are honest in telling us they are going to spend more money. Pulling votes from Republicans, that doesn't bother us one bit.
Editor's note: The Secretary of State's office vehemently disputes the Libertarian Party's reading of the law, saying that write-in candidates have always been counted when determining vote percentages. “State law is clear on this,” spokesperson David Ammons tells Seattle Weekly.
dperson@seattleweekly.com
This conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Almost no one on the left is talking about McCain's attempt to seize the economic debate last night (conservatives would be, but they heard it and went into shock). But it's a funny gimmick that deserves closer attention. Here's what McCain proposed:
Shaffer: With the economy on the downturn and retired and older citizens and workers losing their incomes, what's the fastest, most positive solution to bail these people out of the economic ruin? [snip] McCain: Well, thank you, Tom. Thank you, Belmont University. And Sen. Obama, it's good to be with you at a town hall meeting. And, Alan (ph), thank you for your question. You go to the heart of America's worries tonight. Americans are angry, they're upset, and they're a little fearful. It's our job to fix the problem. [McCain babbles about energy independence, taxes, and our debt before they hit their housing plan] We've got to have a package of reforms and it has got to lead to reform prosperity and peace in the world. And I think that this problem has become so severe, as you know, that we're going to have to do something about home values. You know that home values of retirees continues to decline and people are no longer able to afford their mortgage payments. As president of the United States, Alan, I would order the secretary of the treasury to immediately buy up the bad home loan mortgages in America and renegotiate at the new value of those homes — at the diminished value of those homes and let people be able to make those — be able to make those payments and stay in their homes. Is it expensive? Yes. But we all know, my friends, until we stabilize home values in America, we're never going to start turning around and creating jobs and fixing our economy. And we've got to give some trust and confidence back to America. I know how the do that, my friends. And it's my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal. But I know how to get America working again, restore our economy and take care of working Americans. Thank you. [my emphasis]
Mind you, this was McCain's answer to the first question–he had come into the auditorium, gone immediately to their notepad to write down whatever they were coached on backstage, and then given this answer to the first question. As Andrea Mitchell reported after the debate, the McCain team had told them this was a big new idea that–they hoped–was going to help them reclaim the discussion on economics.
In other words, this was supposed to be the one policy idea that viewers and pundits took away as "news."
Now, on NPR this morning, they reported from a debate watching party in New Mexico where this worked with two guys–they cited McCain's housing plan as a detailed proposal that made them believe McCain had solutions. But aside from those two guys in New Mexico, conservatives melting down over this answer, and Andrea Mitchell (who was told directly this was a big new idea), no one seemed to notice.
That's probably partly because McCain–no doubt instructed to highlight this as the big new thing–buried it at the back of an incoherent answer.
Folks probably also missed this big new plan because–as Obama pointed out–this is not new. In spite of what McCain said about this being their proposal, the plan is already in the bailout:
Obama: And that's why it's going to be so important for us to work with homeowners to make sure that they can stay in their homes. The secretary already has the power to do that in the rescue package, but it hasn't been exercised yet. And the next president has to make sure that the next Treasury secretary is thinking about how to strengthen you as a home buyer, you as a homeowner, and not simply think about bailing out banks on Wall Street. [my emphasis]
(Here's an Obama statement calling for such authority on October 1.)
Shorter McCain! Big news! I'm going to implement the plan passed last week!
It gets better, though, when you read the fine print:
AMERICAN HOMEOWNERSHIP RESURGENCE PLAN John McCain will direct their Treasury secretary to implement an American Homeownership Resurgence Plan (McCain Resurgence Plan) to keep families in their homes, avoid foreclosures, save failing neighborhoods, stabilize the housing market and attack the roots of our financial crisis. America's families are bearing a heavy burden from falling housing prices, mortgage delinquencies, foreclosures and a weak economy. It is important that those families who have worked hard enough to finance homeownership not have that dream crushed under the weight of the wrong mortgage. The existing debts are too large compared to the value of housing. For those that cannot make payments, mortgages must be restructured to put losses on the books and put homeowners in manageable mortgages. Lenders in these cases must recognize the loss that they've already suffered. The McCain Resurgence Plan would purchase mortgages directly from homeowners and mortgage servicers, and replace them with manageable, fixed-rate mortgages that will keep families in their homes. By purchasing the existing, failing mortgages, the McCain Resurgence Plan will eliminate uncertainty over defaults, support the value of mortgage-backed derivatives and alleviate risks that are freezing financial markets. The McCain Resurgence Plan would be available to mortgage holders that: Live in the home (primary residence only) .
. Can prove their creditworthiness at the time of the original loan (no falsifications and provided a down payment). The new mortgage would be an FHA-guaranteed fixed-rate mortgage at terms manageable for the homeowner. The direct cost of this plan would be roughly $300 billion, because the purchase of mortgages would relieve homeowners of “negative equity” in some homes. Funds provided by Congress in the recent financial market stabilization bill can be used for this purpose; indeed, by stabilizing mortgages, it will likely be possible to avoid some purposes previously assumed needed in that bill. The plan could be implemented quickly as a result of the authorities provided in the stabilization bill, the recent housing bill, and the U.S. government's conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It may be necessary for Congress to raise the overall borrowing limit.
Okay, first of all, I realize that all the smarty pants decided that the bailout plan didn't pass the first time in the House because it was called a "bailout." I'm sure the first thing the McCain team did was think up some new name for the plan. But "resurgence"? Is John McCain so forgetful now that they had to name this plan after the only other policy he's running on, the escalation surge in Iraq? Also, you gotta love the way they "shortened" the name, "American Homeownership Resurgence Plan" to "McCain Resurgence Plan." I can't decide which is more amusing, that they've equated "American Homeownership" with "McCain" (though with Cindy's eight houses, I guess it makes sense), or that they've so obviously tied this plan to any McCain "resurgence" in the polls.
And then, a technical point. "Purchase mortgages from homeowners"? How many homeowners out there "own" mortgages to sell? Don't the banks own the mortgage, and the homeowners just pay it off? In this phrase, and later where they emphasize their plan to "relieve homeowners of ‘negative equity'," the McCain campaign is trying to pitch a plan that helps banks as much as homeowners as a real populist program.
Then, note the irony of a "McCain Resurgence Plan" that has to specify "primary residence only;" I understand the policy reasons, but I think it's particularly important for those who can't remember how many homes they own.
And then, finally, the admission that this great new plan is really just the bailout plan passed last week. For example, the bailout already appropriated the $300,000,000,000 (yeah, right) that will be needed for this plan: "Funds provided by Congress in the recent financial market stabilization bill can be used for this purpose." And the bailout, the housing bill (which McCain did not vote on), and our ownership of Fannie and Freddie means Treasury already has the authority to do this. "The plan could be implemented quickly as a result of the authorities provided in the stabilization bill, the recent housing bill, and the U.S. government's conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
All new! The McCain Resurgence! Claim credit for the bill passed last week and hope that saves your campaign!
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Derek Carr finally ran into a quarterback who could match their prolific production. That's all it took to end Fresno State's bid for a BCS bowl.
David Fales threw for a school-record 547 yards and six touchdowns in an entertaining showdown with Carr and San Jose State spoiled the 16th-ranked Bulldogs perfect season with a 62-52 victory Friday.
"It's hard," Carr said. "Guys are torn up, as well they should be. If you like losing there's something wrong with you."
Fales was every bit as good as the more heralded Carr, matching their six first-half touchdown passes in a near perfect performance that made the Spartans (6-6, 4-4 Mountain West) bowl eligible with their first win over a ranked opponent since 2000.
Carr threw for 519 yards and six touchdowns, but also had a fourth-quarter interception for the Bulldogs (10-1, 7-1). Davante Adams caught 13 passes for 264 yards and three scores.
The loss ended Fresno State's chances to beat out Northern Illinois for a spot in a prestigious BCS game. The Huskies are the only undefeated team from a non-automatic qualifying conference.
"We wanted it badly," Carr said. "If you don't want to do your very best, to play in a BCS bowl game then you shouldn't be playing college football. That's what you want to do but it's so hard to do."
The Bulldogs will still play in the Mountain West title game next week against either Utah State or Boise State but had their chances at a big bowl payoff done in by a porous defense.
"When your offense scores 40, 50 points you should never lose a game," safety Derron Smith said. "I feel like the defense didn't do a good enough job and let the team down
Fales had their pick of targets with first-year student Tyler Winston catching 10 passes for 164 yards and a score, Kyle Nunn having 10 for 160 yards and two touchdowns and Chandler Jones finishing with eight for 146 yards and three TDs.
"Our receivers were making good plays," Fales said. "Playing an offense like that, field goals weren't going to win the game. We needed touchdowns."
That entertaining performance has the Spartans hopeful of making a bowl game in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1986-87. The Mountain West has six bowl slots but could have eight eligible teams if Colorado State and Wyoming win Saturday.
After a back-and-forth first half that ended with San Jose State on top 42-41, Spartans coached Ron Caragher made a bold move to open the second half with a surprise onside kick. Kicker Harrison Waid chased down the slow roller and recovered it even though Fresno State's warned the players about the possibility. The Spartans turned that extra possession into a 7-yard touchdown run by Thomas Tucker.
"The way things were going, it becomes a matter of possessions with two offenses that were constantly scoring," coach Ron Caragher said. "It was executed to perfection. A huge thing to gain this extra possession."
The teams then traded field goals, and then Fales drove the Spartans to their eighth touchdown on their 1-yard keeper that made it 59-44.
Keith Smith helped seal the win with a leaping interception, ending Carr's streak of 305 straight passes without throwing a pick. That set up a second field goal by Austin Lopez that made it 62-44 and led to chants of "Over-rated! Over-rated!" from the crowd.
"Put the blame on me for the offense," Carr said. "You guys want to praise me when it's good -- Heisman this and all this. Blame me for the loss. I need to do a better job to help my team win."
The tone for the game was set immediately. Fales set the school record for career completions on the fourth play when they found Winston for a 33-yard gain. Two plays later, Nunn leaped over Curtis Riley to come down with a 31-yard score.
Carr took two plays to match that score, connecting on a 46-yard deep ball to Adams on the first play followed by a 27-yard touchdown to Josh Harper, who left the game with an injured left leg after an impressive one-handed grab in the end zone.
Christian Tago blocked the extra point attempt. That proved to be the difference at the end of a first half that featured 12 touchdowns and 1,006 yards of combined offense as the defenses had no answers for the future pro passers and their collection of talented receivers.
Fresno State appeared in position to take the lead into halftime when Carr threaded a 21-yard touchdown pass to Isaiah Burse with 1:43 remaining. But Fales quickly drove the Spartans to the go-ahead score on their 19-yard throw to Jones with 18 seconds left to make it 42-41.
Even that lead wasn't safe as Carr completed two passes to move the ball past midfield and Adams nearly came down with a Hail Mary.
Anthony Johnson secured the biggest win of their career, with an impressive first round finish at the main event of UFC on FOX 14. Right after victory though, Johnson had mixed emotions and felt bad after seeing their heartbroken opponent in Alexander Gustafsson react after the loss.
"Alex had a goal, and I felt really bad. I saw them crying, and I know how it is when you have a goal and something like this gets in the way," Johnson said about trying to console their opponent. "I guess I'm human. I just felt bad. They didn't reach their goal tonight, but I'm sure they will be back 10 times stronger on their next go around."
It was a stark contrast on how the UFC light heavyweight champ reacted after the fight. Shortly after Gustafsson's tough loss in their home country, Jon Jones sent out a tweet (which was deleted shortly after) to take a shot at their former rival.
While Anthony Johnson said that they have never had any personal problems with Jones, they made it clear that they aren't a fan of that statement, especially after such a devastating loss.
Related: Jon Jones takes a shot at Phil Davis after split decision loss at UFC on Fox 14
"This world is screwed up," Johnson said about Jones' tweet. "In my opinion, when somebody is down, people always wants to step on you and keep you down. No one really wants to help you up. That's why I think this world is screwed up."
"I don't know, man. Jon is who they are," they said. "He's got bigger things to worry about than Alex."
Johnson earned a UFC title shot with their efforts and says that when they face off in a few months, Jones will know that they are the "hardest puncher he's ever faced".
Johnson seems to be sticking by their guns of not stepping on fighters while they're down, as they had some sympathetic words for Jones after their drug test results went public:
1 of 5
Rating Star Rating Star Rating Star I must have gone somewhere, because this was terrible. The potatoes were overcooked - I definitely would have sliced them thicker - and the orange juice was overpowering and a little sour.
Rating Star Rating Star Rating Star I made this for Christmas last year doubling the recipe and it's a good thing I did because there were no leftovers. I did serve the bacon on the side as there are vegetarians in my family but that was no big deal. Several people requested the recipe. It's easy to make...just throw it in the crockpot and forget it. I've even made it in the oven when I was short on time. It's a great alternative to the usual way of serving sweet potatoes.
Rating Star Rating Star Rating Star I hated this. It had an odd taste from the herbs and bacon. I was trying to serve something with a fresher taste but this was a flop.
Rating Star Rating Star Rating Star I made this as well, and it's really good. I increased the orange juice to a half cup. Don't worry about thinking there is not enough liquid, the potatoes cook down and there is quite a bit of liquid when it's finished. And, it cooks down to about half the size of where you started it. I could have easily doubled this recipe for a family dinner. Everyone will want seconds. One more thing, after frying the bacon, I drained the fat except for a teaspoon or so, added 2 tbls butter, breadcrumbs and fresh chopped sage. Browned it up, scraped the bacon from the pan till the breadcrumbs were toasty. Let it cool and added 6 strips of bacon that was crumbled in my food processor. This last part is so good and a great addition to the sweetness of the potatoes.
Rating Star Rating Star Rating Star Thanks for sharing such a great recipe and beautiful photo! I loved featuring it in my Slow Cooker Sides roundup (http://holleygrainger.com/slow-cooker-side-dish-recipes/). This is definitely a recipe I will be trying soon!
The initWallet message The initWallet function was only supposed to be invoked at wallet initialisation (read more in my previous post). It sets the address of the owner of the wallet, thus giving it full control over its assets. But it was wrongly made publicly visible, hence allowing calls from the outside at any time. That's the vulnerability the attacker used.
Explanation: the message wraps a function call to initWallet passing in the hacker's ETH address as the new owner. Notice how the address passed in as an argument matches the address from where the message originates, i.e. the Black Hat. This call only cost the attacker 66839 Gwei, i.e. $0.31. At the moment I took the snapshot, the block that includes this transaction had over 10,000 confirmations. So it's pretty irreversible and it gets harder and harder to reverse every ~18–20 seconds (ETH average block mining time), even if a hard fork is organised. EDIT: As Nick Johnson pointed on Reddit, a hard fork could return the funds without requiring a full reversal of the subsequent chain, albeit being impractical and highly complex due to the fact that funds have been moved further, contracts have committed suicide, etc. To execute message Now that the attacker has appointed themselves as the new owner of the aeternity wallet, they can use their private key to sign an outgoing transfer for the balance of the account (82,189 ETH).
Photo by tonyz20 via Shutterstock
19-year-old Bryce Laspisa is a Laguna Niguel teen missing for several days whose vehicle was found abandoned in the Castaic Lake. While searching in the area Tuesday for their son, the missing man's father, Mike, became the victim of a car burglary, which resulted in a pursuit and arrest.
Bryce Laspisa
An off-duty Los Angeles police officer witnessed the vehicle being burglarized, and the cop notified local authorities, according to City News Service. A search for the two male suspects was initiated, and ultimately the duo were located and apprehended.
Authorities have not released the names of the two Los Angeles men, one 18 and the other 27. They do report, however, that they are possibly linked to other burglaries in unincorporated L.A. County. Laspisa's father's vehicle was not vandalized, and property stolen from inside the car was recovered.
"It's tragic," Deputy Joshua Dubin told The L.A. Times. "I can't imagine having a missing child and, on top of that, you have your vehicle broken into."
For Mike Laspisa, there is still unrest. Their son's 2003 Toyota Highlander was found overturned on the Castaic Lake Main Boat Launch access road early on the morning of August 30 notes KHTS 1220 AMs news site. Laspisa had been en route to Laguna Niguel from Sierra College, north of Sacramento, and had called their mother to tell them they were stopping to get some sleep.
Additionally, Sheriff's Department officials have not yet said if a burning body found near Lake Hughes Road in Castaic was that of Bryce Laspisa.
Bryce Laspisa is considered critically missing.  They are 5'11'' tall, 170 pounds, red hair, blue eyes, and has a tattoo of Taurus bullhead with Roman numeral on left shoulder. They were last seen wearing white cargo shots, blue/white checkered shirt, white and red Nike shoes. Their family has set up a Facebook page to help in the search.
A candidate in South Carolina who hopes to defeat Sen. Lindsey Graham in the Republican primary said Monday that they “has a dream” to outlaw abortion.
“Today is Martin Luther King Day,” Richard Cash said at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach. “Martin Luther King did a lot to help us as we struggled with racial equality and justice, friendship and kindness between the races, and we celebrate that achievement. What I want to say to you today is, I too have a dream.”
Cash then denounced the Supreme Court's landmark Roe v. Wade ruling and called for legal personhood rights for embryos.
“When we consider the 55 million unborn children that have been killed in this land since 1973, I too have a dream,” they remarked. “When we consider that one-third of the generation since 1973 is not with us because of abortion, I have a dream. And what it is? I have a dream that one day each and every unborn baby created in the image of God will enjoy the same constitutional protections that you and I receive.”
“That's our promise. That is what the Republican Party stands for.”
According to their campaign website, Cash is a corporate computer analyst and “full time pro-life missionary” who previously ran for a congressional seat in 2010.
Watch video below.
Sonic Boom officially welcomed the public to its brand-new space in the Robertson Building at 215 Spadina Ave. last month (and held a massive funeral party for its former Honest Ed's digs ). The change of address for the iconic record store, which has spent the last 13 years serving audiophiles in the Annex , with a newer location in Kensington Market , comes reluctantly after the sale of Mirvish Village forced them to vacate the lower portion of Honest Ed's . Thankfully, the big move hasn't wiped out the store's inventory or aesthetic.
Many frantic hours were spent prepping the new Boom for its grand opening on September 27. The space was most recently used as an American Apparel factory outlet , and while the staff already had their work cut out for them to exorcise the ghosts of improperly dyed metallic jeggings from the premises, an equally difficult task was combining inventory from two separate stores into one unified location.
As you may recall, Sonic Boom's original Bloor Street flagship was bigger than the one in Honest Ed's, hence the second branch in Kensington Market to house the overflow of vinyl and old-school paraphernalia. But with these new digs measuring a solid 13,000 square feet and centrally located on the southern edge of Chinatown, it made sense to bring everything together under one roof again.
Walking up Spadina's east side, I was immediately greeted by the storefront's expanse of large windows, one emblazoned with the distinctive orange and blue logo. These massive glass panes will soon be filled with Sonic Boom's signature window displays designed by Tim Oakley, but for now they let a flood of sunlight wash over the front room. High ceilings and exposed wooden beams make for a decidedly more urban-chic feel than previous iterations of the shop.
"The top floor is kind of a smaller representation of the store as a whole," says owner Jeff Barber. It has a little of everything, including new releases on CD and vinyl, audio accessories like Urbanears headphones and Crosley turntables, plus Herschel bags and other fashion accessories. The entirety of their book collection is shelved along the back-right wall, with a pretty replete catalogue of 33Ă˘âŚ" paperbacks that's tough not to geek out over.
The merch on this level is accented with a bit of quirky decor that'll be new to you unless you visited the Bathurst location during it's final days. The "Captain Fantastic" Elton John pinball machine is charming and totally makes sense in the midst of all this vintage music gear; the animatronic stuffed bear looming over a container of batteries may need to be explained to me, though.
Descending down the stairs at the back of the room leads me into the vastly bigger basement, which contains the bulk of the music selection. The rows-upon-rows of new and used stock will be totally recognizable to any previous Sonic Boom patron - every music genre is still well-represented here, though with particular emphasis on rock and indie.
A pretty sizable DVD and Blu-ray collection is starting to fill out the front half of the room, while display cases towards the back show off cool box-set and oddball collectables (for example: thanks to this setup, I now know that a Celine Dion/Anne Geddes collabo exists. Amazing).
That back end of the basement is where Sonic Boom will continue the tradition of in-store concerts, which in the past have featured the likes of Dinosaur Jr., Sloan, Aimee Mann and The Weakerthans , just to name a handful. The stage isn't set up yet, but the stack of guitar amps and mic stands against the wall are a sure enough sign of live tunes to come.
Leaving the Annex behind was surely a tough sell for both Sonic Boom's customers and crew, who've come to consider the store an integral part of the neighbourhood. But the new address' increased foot traffic, expanded space and close proximity to Queen and Spadina's many hip hangouts should ensure that not much will change for Toronto's largest independent music shop. "We're sad to leave the Annex," Barber says, "but we're excited about becoming a part of this neighbourhood."
Writing by Shazia Khan. Photos by Matt Forsythe.
18 U.S. Code § 1366 – Destruction of an energy facility
(a) Whoever knowingly and willfully damages or attempts or conspires to damage the property of an energy facility … or damages or attempts or conspires to damage the property of an energy facility in any amount and causes or attempts or conspires to cause a significant interruption or impairment of a function of an energy facility, shall be punishable by a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than 20 years, or both.
…
(d) Whoever is convicted of a violation of subsection (a) or (b) that has resulted in the death of any person shall be subject to imprisonment for any term of years or life.
The law does not contain exceptions for Attorneys General, EPA officials, or anybody else, acting under color of authority. Especially if they damage, attempt or conspire to shutdown almost all of the national energy infrastructure, including oil, coal, natural gas, nuclear and hydro power. Especially if they also attempt to destabilize the electrical grid by shoving in the intermittent wind and solar sources, or forcing residential distribution network to carry solar generated current in the unintended direction. Especially if they act upon instructions from foreign powers.
audio/wav: version 1.1
The audio/wav package is a WAV encoder and decoder. It allows you to decode many different types of WAV files into raw PCM audio data.
It operates through the audio package, which is like the standard image package -- but for audio.
Version 1.1
Version 1.1 of the audio/wav package is now available!
import "azul3d.org/audio/wav.v1"
Overview
Encoding support (was issue #1). You can decode and encode WAV audio in Go (thanks goes out to Robin Eklind and Henry Eklind!).
Massive (~100%) performance improvements (was issue #8). The decoder is much faster averaging around 5.5ms to decode 1s of 44100hz/2ch WAV audio (On a Pentium® Dual-Core CPU - T4500 @ 2.30GHz), which is on-par with the WAV encoder.
Removed the unsafe dependency (was issue #4). The entire package is now pure Go.
Tests and benchmarks have been added. Which lead to the identification of a now-fixed, critical bug.
Full Changelog
Updating
To update you need to run the following (note that the import path is the same):
go get -u azul3d.org/audio/wav.v1
Future Audio Work
Story highlights General also concerned about external actors Russia, Pakistan and Iran
Currently there are 8,400 US troops in Afghanistan
Washington (CNN) Gen. John Nicholson, commander of US forces in Afghanistan, said Thursday that the coalition faced "a shortfall of a few thousand" troops to break the "stalemate" it faces there.
They said troops were needed for the NATO-led train, advise and assist mission in Afghanistan. They said that the resources for the counterterrorism mission there, in contrast, are "adequate."
Nicholson, testifying before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Afghanistan, said the shortfall could be made up by US or coalition troops. They added that Secretary of Defense James Mattis would address the issue during this month's meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels.
Currently there are a total of 8,400 US troops in Afghanistan. There are also 6,000 troops from NATO and other allied countries. President Barack Obama oversaw the withdrawal of some 1,400 US troops during their last months in office.
Nicholson said they hoped the additional reinforcements would allow the coalition to advise Afghan troops at the brigade level, bringing them closer to the intense fight between the government and Taliban insurgency.
Read More
Yianni Diakomihalis at the 2016 UWW Cadet Nationals in Akron, Ohio.
Photo: Sam Janicki.
Yianni Diakomihalis (Rochester, N.Y./Hilton) has been selected as TheMat.com Athlete of the Week on June 7, 2016.Diakomihalis scorched the 63 kg/138 lbs. men's freestyle field at the 2016 UWW Cadet Nationals held in Akron, Ohio over the weekend to secure a berth on their second consecutive U.S. Cadet World Team.On their road to gold in Akron, Diakomihalis won seven matches, five by technical fall, all the throwing 69 technical points on the board and holding their opponents scoreless. They downed two-time Cadet Freestyle Nationals All-American Jamie Hernandez of Illinois by scores of 9-0 and 10-0 in the best-of-three championship series.Diakomihalis now has the opportunity to defend their Cadet World title from 2015 at the upcoming UWW Cadet World Championships in Tbilisi, Georgia, Sept. 13-18. They won the Cadet Worlds at 58 kg/127 lbs. one year ago.Wrestling for Hilton High School Diakomihalis has won a record-tying four New York high school state championships with a chance to make it five as a senior next season. Wrestling up an age division, they finished in third place at the 2016 UWW Junior Nationals in men's freestyle at 60 kg/132 lbs. in April.Diakomihalis is committed to wrestle collegiately in their home state at Cornell University for head coach Rob Koll.Each week USA Wrestling will select an Athlete of the Week based upon performance within wrestling for that week. The selection committee will consider any level of wrestling, from youth programs through the Senior level.To nominate a wrestler for USA Wrestling Athlete of the Week please send the athlete's name, wrestling program and weekly and career accomplishments to Richard Immel at rimmel@usawrestling.org.
By
When I get chilled, my nose freezes. No, it really does freeze. Like ice. It freezes off. And then I have a blank spot in the middle of my face. Are you letting that image settle in your brain? But then my nose grows back like a starfish leg or a polliwog tail or whatever. I'm telling the truth right now.
Anyway, my nose gets cold. So do my feet, and my ears. Especially at night. Especially when camping. Especially when camping at night in the woods and we are sleeping in a tent and it's 41 degrees out.
I'm an adult and I get cold, but I can deal with it. But now we have babies. And if my nose was freezing off, I ached to think of how cold our boys were. We bundled them up in extra layers, but their little faces! They cried in the cold, in the dark, away from home and we felt like we were torturing our babies. Even when we pulled them into bed with us, we were all toasty, but there was not enough room for us all, the air mattress bounced if anyone moved, and none of us slept. It was a hellish experience.
We love to camp, and we want to share that experience as the boys grow up. But we vowed we would never repeat that first miserable night in the tent.
We've thought about various camping vehicles. We've thought about camper vans and small class-C RVs. We've thought about T@Bs and teardrops. We've looked at A-Liners and other hard side pop ups.
We never really considered tent trailers. They seemed like they would be a pain in the ass to take down in the rain. And if we were going to get a camping “vehicle,” we were going to stretch our camp season out a little, into the off seasons. We might run into a little precipitation.
But tent trailers were so much less expensive than everything else. They were vastly less expensive. And some of them were light enough to tow with our car. We got back from our freezing cold night in the tent and I threw myself into craigslist ads. I was more just browsing and fantasizing, not really thinking that we'd we'd actually find a camper that suited us.
We knew we wanted something very small, but with two dedicated sleeping areas. We didn't want to have to convert a dining area into a bed in order for us or the boys to go to sleep.
I found a small pop up tent trailer on craigslist. My dad and I trekked out to the deep westside and took a look. It was small, with a full size bed on one side, and a twin on the other. A dinette, a two burner stove, a sink. And the holy grail: a goddamned heater! It was cute and super clean. My dad has owned a couple of campers and was impressed.
Dave and I talked about it. Before we bought anything, we needed to figure out how to tow it.
Our Saab needed a hitch. The manual claimed the car could tow up to 3500 pounds, which is crazy. The car only weighs 3730 pounds. The pop up I was looking at was 1435 pounds, unloaded. I scoured forums, looking for advice. We consulted no fewer than four Saab gurus, asking about installing a hitch, wiring for lights, and wiring for brakes. At least one guy said they wouldn't tow anything with our car, saying the 260 horsepower engine was “wimpy.” Another said we might want to add a transmission cooler. We got various quotes with the highest bid being over $1200. To install a hitch. Gah.
We took the car to Atomic Auto, and they did an awesome job. Adding a hitch is not so hard. It's the wiring that is a pain in the ass. It's a dainty, fussy car. A “computer network on wheels.” So we wanted experts to do the work. I can't recommend Atomic Auto enough.
That's a seven pin and four pin combo welded underneath. We won't have to run the cables from the trunk. Awesome.
Then we fricken bought the camper.
Look how cute!
Who needs a damned truck?
Giddy. The word is giddy. Giddy is what we are.
The camper floated like a cloud behind our car. I've never towed anything, so I need to get used to not seeing anything in my rearview mirror. And I need to get used to backing it into spaces. That's a lot of fun, right? I've seen couples serve each other divorce papers after backing their trailer into campsites. Whee!
This is the beginning of a new era for us. Welcome to your childhood, boys.
Reach Out, a charitable foundation, has launched its Open List project: an online database with information on victims of political repressions carried out in the Soviet Union and Soviet Russia.
The database contains information on victims of political repression starting from the 1917 revolution up until the collapse of the USSR.
The founders of the Open List project say the database is drawn from information on “victims of political terror in the USSR” gathered by Russian historical and civil rights society Memorial.
The Reach Out foundation aims for the database “to supplement and clarify the existing data on the history of Soviet political repression and to give everyone the opportunity to take part. All the authors of the Open List have the ability to edit and add new information to the database.”
The Open List database website was inaccessible for unclear reasons at the time of this writing.
Blanca Photo Credit: tracerX Photography
Girls and Guns – TracerX Photography
Dave from TracerX Photography has a handful of beautiful, deadly and capable female models!
These are capable women that are no strangers to packing firepower which makes their shots all that more interesting.
Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography
Blanca (Above)
Blanca is a tactical model with a passion for firearms and tactical gear.  They are also the owner of 212 Tactical.
Follow Blanca on Facebook
Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography
Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography
Kinessa Johnson (Above)
Kinessa is a Vetpaw Operator, Anti poaching Advisor. US Army combat veteran, weapons instructor and diesel mechanic.
They have modeled weapon builds such as the SI-Defense 300WM PETRA Rifle as well as offerings from San Tan Tactical. You may recognize them from Tactical Shit's recent ad in Recoil Magazine.
Photo Credit TracerX Photography
Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography Photo Credit: tracerX Photography
Jadoti Day (Above)
Jadoti loves to shoot and model guns and gear! Follow them on Facebook
Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography
Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography Photo Credit: Tracer Photography Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography Photo Credit: Tracerx Photography
Tawny Lynn (Above)
Follow Tawny Lynn on Facebook and Instagram
Leave a comment and tell us what you think!
[et_bloom_inline optin_id=optin_3]
EFPIA, ABPI and BIA warn Michel Barnier and David Davies an unorderly withdrawal could hit medicine supplies
Pharma groups have warned chief Brexit negotiators Michel Barnier and David Davies that an unorderly withdrawal of the UK from the EU could wreak havoc with the supply of medicines.
Eight associations from the UK and Europe have written an open letter to the negotiators to plead for an early partnership agreement on medicines, saying that drugs could be "held either at border checks, in warehouses or manufacturing and/or subject to extensive retesting requirements".
Getting an early deal on medicines regulation "is the best way of ensuring that patients across Europe and the UK are able to continue to access safe and effective medicines and to ensure that there is no adverse impact on public health", say the industry bodies.
The letter was signed by the heads of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), EuropaBio, the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI) and the BioIndustry Association (BIA) along with groups representing generic and over-the-counter drugs.
The UK and EU have already agreed a phased approach to the mammoth task of negotiation Brexit, and the pharma industry is pushing for the legal and regulatory aspects of the medicines trade to be included in the first wave to "avoid any adverse impact on public health and patient safety in both the EU-27 and UK after the UK leaves the EU".
Last week, UK health secretary Jeremy Hunt and business secretary Greg Clark said in a letter to the Financial Times that the UK "would like to find a way to continue to collaborate with the EU" on the regulation of medicines after 30 March 2019 - the date when the UK officially leaves the EU under the two-year Article 50 process.
The industry associations' letter welcomes that move and says "we would like to explore this possibility to maintain close regulatory ties between the EU and the UK and to begin these discussions immediately".
The letter emphasises that it's very much a two-way problem. Aside from the large number of medicines produced in the UK and destined for EU-wide distribution, the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) makes a significant contribution to the current operations of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) - soon to move from its London base to an EU-27 home - and its withdrawal could hit capacity at the EU regulator.
"An implementation period that adequately reflects the time needed by pharmaceutical and biotech companies to transition to a new framework should be agreed on by negotiators," says the letter.
"This will allow companies time to make the necessary arrangements to avoid any unintended consequences on the availability of medicines."
Lo and behold, the establishment left comes out, in force, to protect and worship the overlords who rule the grand manor of progressivism. James Carville defends and praises the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation with all the fervor of a mad hornet. And in doing so drops veiled threats at all those who oppose the grand wizards of the corrupt left. You really can't believe it unless you see it.
Dennis Michael Lynch:
“Somebody is going to hell over this,” declared longtime Clinton associate James Carville, denouncing those who dared to criticize the Clinton Foundation.
They claimed their concern was because of all the “good” that the foundation has done, through its charitable contributions, saying if the Clinton Foundation is shut down, “people are going to die.”
“What the Clinton Foundation does, it takes money from rich people and gives it to poor people. Most people think that's a pretty good idea,” Carville said.
Asked Tuesday morning on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” if the Clinton Foundation should have stopped taking foreign donations before Clinton became secretary of state, Carville responded, “If you ask me as a political adviser, of course.”
“If you ask me as a human being, eh, I'm not too sure. As a human being I think the foundation does an enormous amount of good. From a strictly political standpoint, yeah,” Carville said. “Somebody is going to hell over this. Because somebody, now I'm not saying here—or somewhere is. This is saving people's lives.”
And when Scarborough called BS on Carville's rantings …
“I wish I could say the word I want to say. I'll just say that's BS,” Scarborough remarked. “You know the fact is if it's a great charity and it's a five-star rated charity, guess what, other people can raise the money. It doesn't have to be Bill Clinton calling somebody up making people think, if I give them money it could help me out. If it's a great charity, it can stand on its own and other people can raise money for it. It's not a zero-sum game. It's not having Bill Clinton raise money while their wife is running for president or else we're all going to hell and little kids are going to die across the planet.”
“They're gonna,” Carville shot back. “The other thing is, Bill Clinton has more charm and people around the world have an enormous amount of faith in him. I've traveled with him. I've seen it myself. There are not many people that have the relationships and are held in the affection around the world as Bill Clinton.”
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
Image: Source
Get ready to go green as the Houston Zoo ends the era of plastic bags at its gift shops in support of wildlife conservation, instead offering customers the option to go bag-free, purchase a reusable bag or use a tote brought from home.
The institution's decision will keep an estimated 80,000 plastic bags from entering landfills and the environment each year. According to the Zoo, there are roughly 3.15 billion pounds of plastic in our oceans right now and the average American will add to this epidemic by throwing away approximately 185 pounds of plastic per year. Wildlife such as endangered sea turtles and other marine creatures often mistake plastic bags for jellyfish, one of their favorite foods.
"This is a significant step for our organization, one we hope will serve as an example for other companies," Peter Riger, vice president of wildlife conservation for Houston Zoo, said in a statement. "As a zoo-based conservation organization it's important for us to walk the walk, and talk the talk. We are using this action specifically to highlight the need protect marine animals from debris. It also allows our guests to play a direct part in making a difference on our planet."
The Houston Zoo started this transition as part of a test in July, and when guests supported the initiative, the institution decided to make the switch permanent. Since then, approximately 200 plastic bags have been saved per day.
The Zoo also has an expanding collection of canvas bags artistically designed with images depicting the animals that benefit from a reduction of plastic bags in the ocean. The series includes sea lions and sea turtles and will soon include pelicans, too.
The other morning I found myself at the Winter Park branch of 4 Rivers Smokehouse, a perfectly respectable barbecue chain with a few locations in the Orlando area. It claims to be Texas-style, though you wouldn't think so from the sweet, sticky sauce that coats most of the food. There are worse things in the world than massive piles of sliced brisket, pulled pork, and ribs to knock the hangover out of you, though truth be told, the perfectly medium-rare slow-smoked Santa Maria-style tri-tip and the juicy smoked turkey were the two standouts.
My brain talking to my eyes as they scanned the dessert display:
Homemade twinkies, yes, three flavors of those... lemon blueberry, red velvet, and banana... all in order. Ok, and—oh!—look at those cute mini pies! I wonder if those are real key limes in the key lime, and is it alright to pick out blueberries from between the cracks in the lattice top in mixed company? Ok, moving on, grasshopper-flavored brownies, yes, yes. Seems alright. Chocolate's not my thing, but why not, we're in Florida, right? Ok eyes, keep moving. Coconut cream pie—ooh, I like that sprinkle of toasted coconut on top—cupcakes with Mountain Dew frosting rolled in Doritos, got it; and yes, is that apple underneath that cute little...hang on a minute. Go back one.
Cupcakes with Mountain Dew frosting and a crushed Doritos crust. I sat for a moment, a bit awestruck by its monstrous size, its gall for even existing, its luster, its sheer... greenness. Is this something humans were ever meant to consume?
I stuck out a tentative finger towards the frosting, half expecting an electric jolt the moment I made contact. A wave of panic struck me. Would my hair stand on end? Would my body ratchet out horizontally, cartoon-like, surrounded by a glowing electric green halo? For some reason, I imagined myself transforming into one of the Misfits, or at the very least a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.
Unfortunately, none of those things happened. Instead, I got a bit of green, Dorito-flecked frosting on my finger, licked it, said to myself, "Hmm. Doritos and Mountain Dew. So this exists," and moved on back to that far more exciting Key lime pie.
Incidentally, that pink one sitting next to it? That'd be Cheerwine, the Nectar of North Carolina, and as fine a cherry soda as you could hope for. Jury's still out on how it does as a frosting flavor.
Four Rivers Smokehouse
1600 West Fairbanks Avenue, Winter Park, FL 32789 (map); 321-972-4398; 4rsmokehouse.com
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
The main event of UFC Fight Night 112 ended in some serious controversy after referee Mario Yamasaki stopped the bout early during a rear naked choke Kevin Lee had locked around Michael Chiesa's neck. While Chiesa looked like they were passing out, they jumped to their feet the second the fight was waved off to protest the stoppage. And while the incident has fired up a lot of fans (and UFC president Dana White), winner Kevin Lee doesn't seem that troubled by the finish. He's more worried about doing it right where Justine Kish had pooped onto the canvas earlier in the night.
“I'm telling you right now I had no idea,” they told TMZ Sports. “I was in a car riding on the way back to the hotel and somebody said 'Yo, how did that girl poop herself?' I was like ‘What?' There should have been a disclaimer or something! And actually when I got back to the hotel I asked Felice about it because I have seen her, and they said that they smelt it and they thought it was a fart.”
“I'm telling you right here, right now, that I'm so glad Mario stopped my fight because if [Chiesa] would have s**t himself, I would have tapped. I would have stopped the fight myself.”
The finish itself was much less of a problem.
“(Chiesa) went limp,” Lee said during the post event press conference (via MMA Junkie). “You can see he's fighting the choke. I switch from palm to palm; as soon as I do, their arms go limp. Mario's a very experienced ref ... Mario saw it and stopped the fight. If they wouldn't have, there were still 45 seconds left in the fight. I don't see what the controversy is about. It wasn't like I was going to let go.”
While Chiesa themselves claims they were just about to bring their arms back up to muscle out of the hold, many other seem to agree that they were probably screwed. The debate largely lies in whether a ref should step in and stop a fighter from going out cold or if said fighter deserves every opportunity to escape the hold, even up to the point of unconsciousness.
While fights have been stopped for less on strikes, blood chokes are a bit different in that getting put out doesn't actually cause any serious damage to a fighter's health. If they choose to go out fighting one, who is the ref to step in and stop it?
As for Lee, he's perfectly happy fighting Chiesa again if there's demand.
“I will just for the easy money, but it will wake me up a bit more to fight one of these big names,” they said. Names like Khabib Nurmagomedov, specifically.
Today's Supreme Court ruling about the future of Aereo is not about TV or cable or how much it should cost to watch Sunday Night Football. It isn't about cable costing $8 or $80 or $800. It is barely about TV at all.
This is about a handful of companies owning the pipes that run underneath your house, then owning all of the content streamed through those pipes, then selling all of the advertising in between that content.
This is about what happens when another person has a message that runs directly against one of those companies, but can't get their or their voice heard because it is too expensive or against a policy cited by the company.
This is about what happens when another company wants to compete with Comcast and Disney, but Comcast and Disney have too much influence over our nation's capital.
This is about what happens when a Supreme Court grows too old or indifferent to understand it, let alone stop it.
This is about whether companies have grown too big and too unwieldy and too powerful to contest, and if that means the American experiment is failing because of that growth.
American Broadcasting Companies Inc. v. Aereo, Inc. is about what happens when the little guy throws a punch at the ankles of a giant. Is it heroism if no one can see him?
"Antonin Scalia did not know that users could not receive HBO using an over-the-air antenna." http://t.co/o3twU00KjG — Stefan Becket (@becket) April 22, 2014
So what happened to the analog TV spectrum?
If the Supreme Court rules against the telecoms, David doesn't think this will thwart the suppression of newer, better tech. The telecoms will keep trying. It will not stop a few massive corporations from trying to become even more massive.
But it will be a temporary pain in their asses, and it might get a few people to start seeing the long con that has become hegemonization of media in the United States.
"I'm talking about a handful of media companies controlling the flow of information and the world," says David.
The much vaunted fight for net neutrality, for example, is born of the same fight. Media companies like Comcast and Verizon don't want to inhibit speech because it is unpopular — they want to inhibit speech because it isn't expensive enough.
Their aim is to create the same sort of tiered system on the Internet that has allowed for record profits for cable companies, despite declining subscriber numbers.
The only way to do that is to stop those declining subscriber numbers. And their first step is stopping Aereo.
"It goes beyond what movies you watch, what videos you watch on the Internet, what TV shows you're watching," says David. "It's about shaping what public opinion is. It's about a handful of individuals who get to control the packaging of information, which companies get to have a message, and where you get to watch it or read it or hear about it. It's about controlling the whole nine."
So is the United States Supreme Court really pro-business, or is it just pro-corporation? It might come down to American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. v. Aereo, Inc.
"If Aereo doesn't win this, it eats away at the rights of the innovator. It eats away at the rights of speech," says David. "It eats away at the First Amendment."
NEWS: Tip of the Week: Make Facebook More Private By Enabling the Follow Feature
June 28, 2017
This feature is called “follow,” which limits who can send you actual friend requests while still allowing some users to view your public posts. This is important primarily because hackers and scammers will often create fake profiles in an attempt to connect with potential victims. Their target might be sensitive credentials or other important information, so it's important to avoid friend requests from people who you may not know.
To allow users to follow your profile and prevent users who don't know who you are from sending friend requests, follow these instructions.
First, log into your Facebook account. If you're using a desktop, select the down-arrow in the top right corner of Facebook. Once you've done so, click on Settings, which will be at the bottom.
Doing so will open up the General Account Settings. In the left column, notice the sub-categories for Facebook's settings. You want to click on Privacy first.
In the Privacy Settings and Tools page, you'll see sections that allow you to control who sees what you post on Facebook. The first option you want to find is the Who can contact me? Section. Click the Edit option and change the setting to Friends of friends. By doing so, you'll be safe from friend requests from all but those who are currently on one of your friends' rosters, and you'll be able to send your own invitations in the same way as before.
If you want to give someone the ability to see what you post without accepting a friend request, you can enable public posts. This lets you share what you post, such as articles from your industry or professional development, without sharing personal posts that are meant for only your friends–effectively allowing you to split up your personal and professional posts. Just scroll down to Public Posts in the left column and open up the Public Post Filters and Tools page. Next, in the Who Can Follow Me section, select Public. Now you can select Public to make posts available to Followers, or Friends for posts meant only for your friends.
Granted, even with all of these measures, you still need to practice healthy skepticism when dealing with users on social media platforms. You never know who your latest friend could be, as it's easy enough to hide behind the facade of an online account and pretend to be someone else. To learn more about how you can protect your business from online threats, reach out to us at 800.394.2301.
Taking Control
Vladimir Putin, after eight years as president of Russia and four more than prime minister, is stubbornly holding onto power. They have announced their intention to return as president and declared their party the winner in parliamentary elections that are widely seen as fraudulent. In Moscow 100,000 protesters have taken to the streets in the largest demonstrations since Putin took office.
Putin began their career as a KGB spy but when they became president, they made themselves a valued ally of the West. How did they do it? And what made Washington and London turn against him?
This four-part series is made by Norma Percy and the team at Brook Lapping with a track record for getting behind closed doors with multi-award-winning series like The Death of Yugoslavia, The Second Russian Revolution, and Iran and the West. For the first time Putin's top colleagues – and the Western statesmen who eventually clashed with them – tell the inside story of one of the world's most powerful men.
In this episode, George W Bush meets Putin in June 2001 and declares they looked them in the eye and ‘got a sense of their soul'. Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice recall their discomfort. But Rice, the only Bush adviser in the private talks, reveals that, three months before 9/11, Putin gave Bush a prophetic warning about Pakistan, Afghanistan and the Taliban. After 9/11, Putin describes how they convinced their shocked colleagues that Russia should align with the West. Sergei Ivanov, Russian's defence minister, tells how the Taliban secretly offered to join forces with Russia against America.
Democracy Threatens
Vladimir Putin, after eight years as president of Russia and four more than prime minister, is stubbornly holding on to power. They have announced their intention to return as president and declared their party the winner in parliamentary elections that are widely seen as fraudulent. In Moscow 100,000 protesters have taken to the streets in the largest demonstrations since Putin took office.
Putin began their career as a KGB spy but when they became president, they made themselves a valued ally of the West. How did they do it? And what made Washington and London turn against him?
The second episode includes an extraordinary interview with former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma, who was widely thought to be responsible for murder, corruption and sanctions-busting. They tell how, in the 2004 election, they set about getting their chosen successor elected president – with the help of Putin and their Kremlin advisers.
The opposition candidate, Victor Yushchenko, tells what it was like to be poisoned during the election campaign. It won them many voters and exit polls gave them a clear lead, but the Putin/Kuchma-backed candidate was still declared the winner. This result sparked the Orange Revolution.
Kremlin officials tell how they made sure that Putin would not face a similar revolution at home. It is claimed critics of Putin, including the British ambassador, were intimidated and some were even murdered. Tens of thousands of young Russians were mobilised to fight the threat of democracy.
War
Vladimir Putin, after eight years as president of Russia and four more than prime minister, is stubbornly holding on to power. They have announced their intention to return as president and declared their party the winner in parliamentary elections that are widely seen as fraudulent. In Moscow 100,000 protesters have taken to the streets in the largest demonstrations since Putin took office.
Putin began their career as a KGB spy but when they became president, they made themselves a valued ally of the West. How did they do it? And what made Washington and London turn against him?
The third episode tells how, in August 2008, Russia went to war with America's ally, Georgia. Russia's president Dmitry Medvedev and Georgia's president Mikheil Saakashvili reveal why each decided it was necessary to make war on the other.
Former American secretary of state Condoleezza Rice and former secretary of defense Robert Gates describe what happened inside the National Security Council as President Bush considered whether to send in ground troops to save Georgia's capital. They reveal just how near to war the conflict brought the two nuclear super-powers.
New Start
Vladimir Putin, after eight years as president of Russia and four more than prime minister, is stubbornly holding on to power. They have announced their intention to return as president and declared their party the winner in parliamentary elections that are widely seen as fraudulent. In Moscow 100,000 protesters have taken to the streets in the largest demonstrations since Putin took office.
Putin began their career as a KGB spy but when they became president, they made themselves a valued ally of the West. How did they do it? And what made Washington and London turn against him?
The final episode of the series tells the inside story of two relationships: Barack Obama's campaign to win over Russia's new President Dmitry Medvedev, and Medvedev's own complex dealings with Vladimir Putin.
Obama became president determined to rid the world of nuclear weapons. To begin the process they needed Russian help. So they set out to reset relations with Russia. Ignoring Putin, whom many considered still in charge, they concentrated on Medvedev.
Top officials on both sides take viewers deep inside the negotiations. They describe how a phone call between the two young lawyer-presidents finally clinched the agreement – which cut their countries' nuclear arsenals in half.
But inside Russia, Medvedev had a harder time. They responded to the 2008 global financial crisis by setting out to make Russia into a modern democratic economy. They made little progress. They told Obama that Russia's most famous dissident, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, would get a fair trial. It did not happen.
In the end, Medvedev stepped aside and nominated Putin to be their party's presidential candidate for the 2012 election. Top Kremlin insiders, including Medvedev and Putin, tell how the deal was done – and how it set in train a process that made Vladimir Putin look vulnerable for the first time.
Sven-Goran Eriksson revealed for the first time the full story behind their chaotic seven months at Notts County and the bizarre sequence of events that began with hopes of a multi-million-pound revival for the Football League's oldest club only to end with it on the brink of financial collapse.
Twenty-four hours after cutting their ties with the League Two clubs that has been their employer for the past seven months Eriksson opened their heart to the Guardian. In a candid interview the former England manager has laid bare:
• How they were promised the players and facilities to guarantee Premier League football
• How they entered negotiations to help run North Korea's national team
• The circumstances behind the England defender Sol Campbell's abrupt departure from Meadow Lane
• When they had their first doubts about Munto Finance, the club's offshore-­registered parent company
• Their anger at the vanishing act that left the club with vast debts and the threat of winding up
The strangest experience of Eriksson's football career began last June when they received the first contact from Russell King and Nathan Willett, two former Jersey-based financiers who claimed to be representing a wealthy consortium of investors from the Middle East and Europe, via a third party. They met at the Dorchester Hotel, where King was a ­regular resident, and gave a "very clever, very convincing" pitch to Eriksson about moving to Notts County.
"I met these two guys and they were very enthusiastic about what they said," Eriksson said. "They had already bought the club and they wanted to take it to the Premier League. There were a lot of promises about players, about the training ground, the academy; they said they would fix the stadium, that they would buy feeder clubs."
After initial reservations about joining a struggling club in English football's fourth tier Eriksson was persuaded by the ­prospect of taking the world's oldest league club to the top of the football pyramid and promptly signed up. "I liked the idea of the project, the challenge to do it. It was like a dream to me. And if all their promises had been true, we would have done it."
Soon King's and Willett's promises were backed up by the arrivals of Kasper ­Schmeichel and Sol Campbell, fresh from contracts with the Premier League clubs Manchester City and Portsmouth, deals that were also negotiated by King and Willett.
"I had no doubts about it in the beginning," they explained. Eriksson's faith in their employers was not shaken even when Campbell quit the club after a single game. Nevertheless, the circumstances of ­Campbell's departure were consistent with the surreal nature of events at Meadow Lane.
"He played that game away [at Morecambe] and asked the manager if they could go to stay for two days in Newcastle," said Eriksson. "He got permission and left on Saturday evening. Then they called [the chairperson] Peter Trembling. Peter called me the next morning and said Sol wants to leave. I called Sol and said could we meet when they came back. We had an agreement to meet after training on Tuesday.
"He started training and in the middle of training they went. I don't know if they told the manager they had some small problems. I thought that after training we would have a meeting but when I came back they were gone. They knew the conditions at the club, I'd shown them the ground and the training ground. Of course there were promises from Willett and King that we would fix it, that they would make the stadium and dressing rooms better and everything. But nothing ­happened and Sol was concerned about that. We have never spoken since but I guess they felt cheated by them too."
Eriksson says they were still being sold the grand vision of the club, not least by Nathan Willett's father, Peter, who had joined the Notts County board. Eriksson said they believed Peter Willett was the actual owner. "He came a ­couple of times and said they would fix the stadium and would make the training ground better and then they suddenly disappeared. They never came back."
But still Eriksson was living a life more suited to the director of football of a ­Champions League club than one in the lowest division of the Football League. Indeed, some elements of the project were truly unique.
"I went on 19 October to North Korea, together with Russell King and Nathan Willett," they said. "When I went home from there I started to have doubts because of what I saw in that country and what ­happened after that."
They were accompanied by a member of the Hyat family, which the club had stated has "extensive business interests" across the Middle East and Asia; Eriksson says this man was projected as the "big guy" behind the investment in County. However the Guardian later tracked down Anwar Shafi, the acknowledged head of the Hyat family, who disavowed their ­relative's claims.
"They cheated," Eriksson said. "I was invited there to talk football and I met the president of the Football Association there, coaches of the national team, I saw games and the training and I had a lot of meetings.
"They wanted help with a lot of things. They wanted footballs and boots and coaches and for us to take care of teams in North Korea. They wanted the team to come to Europe and they wanted help with the scouting and help with friendly games, analysing opponents, etc.
"Of course this would have cost money and they [King, Peter Willett and their associates] said everything was OK. When we came home the days went on and I contacted Nathan Willett and I said I needed a contact number for the people in Korea to start to do it. So I prepared places in Europe for them to take their teams for six months and we contacted sponsors to help out about everything.
"But I never could contact anyone in Korea and nothing happened. And I felt sorry for them because I'd promised on behalf of these guys and I never could contact them so I wondered what was going on."
While the party was in Pyongyang, ­Willett and King and their colleagues went to meet officials at the ceremonial Mansudae Assembly hall. "I was there for football and they went to visit people at the palace," they said. "I saw them handing out share certificates in Swiss Commodity Holding [the company whose corporate logo was incorporated into Notts County's club crest] to people. These were not for millions but billions. I tried to joke: why don't you put some of that into Notts County? And they said, 'Take it easy, Sven, you'll have your players and you'll go to the Premier League.'"
But when it emerged that the club was running up huge debts as bills went unpaid, with the taxman even issuing a winding-up order in November, Eriksson's perspective began to change. "Then the club had problems with money, bills not being paid. So, of course, I started to be doubtful and they never paid me what they promised," said Eriksson. "In my initial contract I was promised 10% of the club but I never received anything."
Eriksson has been hit in the pocket by this experience. Though they refused to go into details of their financial arrangements club sources say that inagreeing to leave Meadow Lane after the takeover by a ­consortium led by the former Lincoln City chairperson, Ray Trew, on Thursday, they have waived a £2.4m pay-off, accepting instead two months' wage arrears. Trew, now County's chairperson, has described the Swede as an "absolute gentleman".
"I signed the agreement to leave because there was never a question I should stay here," said Eriksson. "I told the players and staff today and the people in the office: that's it."
Eriksson accepts that their decision to place their faith in King and the Willetts might have damaged their reputation. "I don't know if it's affected me like that," they said. "All I can say is I've gone in with open eyes and I liked it and it went wrong. Maybe I should have had suspicions but I didn't have that in the beginning."
At the height of the roller coaster ­Eriksson did not want to hear others' suspicions about Munto. When I confronted them on the issue at the Leaders in Football conference early last October, Eriksson appeared irritated, referring me to Trembling without hearing me out. But County's crash has been so alarming, the gap between what Willett and King said and reality so wide, that now Eriksson feels compelled to break football's omerta and tell one of the most extraordinary stories that has befallen the game in decades.
"Sometimes things go wrong in ­football," said Eriksson. "You can lose games, own-goals, you can buy the wrong players. But you do it in the right spirit and you do it honestly. That is not how it went wrong at Notts County. If you are not trying to cheat people, it is very easy to come out and say that it went wrong. People will not like it but they will understand. But when they disappear like that: it's morally very, very bad. This is why I am talking about it.
"I did feel personal responsibility. I know some of the players wouldn't be there if I was not, of course I feel that. I feel very sorry for the players and the fans. I tried as hard as I could to find people who could help us, I've been to Norway, to Sweden, to Spain, to London many, many times to find investment.
"But what's disappointing about these people is that they just disappeared ­without saying anything. Without any message to the players, to the fans, to the staff. Just gone."
Now Eriksson will look to rebuild their career, putting the experience of the past eight months behind him. A man with league titles in Sweden, Portugal and Italy and two World Cup quarter-finals on their resumé will not want for work and they have been inundated with calls from agents, although they have received no ­formal offers.
So when all is said and done and they look back on the past eight months, what has they learnt from the experience? "Maybe I trust people too much."
[image-51]NASA's Mars Curiosity rover has reached the Red Planet's Mount Sharp, a Mount-Rainier-size mountain at the center of the vast Gale Crater and the rover mission's long-term prime destination.
"Curiosity now will begin a new chapter from an already outstanding introduction to the world," said Jim Green, director of NASA's Planetary Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington. "After a historic and innovative landing along with its successful science discoveries, the scientific sequel is upon us."
Curiosity's trek up the mountain will begin with an examination of the mountain's lower slopes. The rover is starting this process at an entry point near an outcrop called Pahrump Hills, rather than continuing on to the previously-planned, further entry point known as Murray Buttes. Both entry points lay along a boundary where the southern base layer of the mountain meets crater-floor deposits washed down from the crater's northern rim.
"It has been a long but historic journey to this Martian mountain,” said Curiosity Project Scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. “The nature of the terrain at Pahrump Hills and just beyond it is a better place than Murray Buttes to learn about the significance of this contact. The exposures at the contact are better due to greater topographic relief." [image-36]
The decision to head uphill sooner, instead of continuing to Murray Buttes, also draws from improved understanding of the region's geography provided by the rover's examinations of several outcrops during the past year. Curiosity currently is positioned at the base of the mountain along a pale, distinctive geological feature called the Murray Formation. Compared to neighboring crater-floor terrain, the rock of the Murray Formation is softer and does not preserve impact scars, as well. As viewed from orbit, it is not as well-layered as other units at the base of Mount Sharp.
Curiosity made its first close-up study last month of two Murray Formation outcrops, both revealing notable differences from the terrain explored by Curiosity during the past year. The first outcrop, called Bonanza King, proved too unstable for drilling, but was examined by the rover's instruments and determined to have high silicon content. A second outcrop, examined with the rover's telephoto Mast Camera, revealed a fine-grained, platy surface laced with sulfate-filled veins.
While some of these terrain differences are not apparent in observations made by NASA's Mars orbiters, the rover team still relies heavily on images taken by the agency's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) to plan Curiosity's travel routes and locations for study.
For example, MRO images helped the rover team locate mesas that are over 60 feet (18 meters) tall in an area of terrain shortly beyond Pahrump Hills, which reveal an exposure of the Murray Formation uphill and toward the south. The team plans to use Curiosity's drill to acquire a sample from this site for analysis by instruments inside the rover. The site lies at the southern end of a valley Curiosity will enter this week from the north.
Though this valley has a sandy floor the length of two football fields, the team expects it will be an easier trek than the sandy-floored Hidden Valley, where last month Curiosity's wheels slipped too much for safe crossing.
› MSL - Senior Review Proposal, Science Sections
Curiosity reached its current location after its route was modified earlier this year in response to excessive wheel wear. In late 2013, the team realized a region of Martian terrain littered with sharp, embedded rocks was poking holes in four of the rover's six wheels. This damage accelerated the rate of wear and tear beyond that for which the rover team had planned. In response, the team altered the rover's route to a milder terrain, bringing the rover farther south, toward the base of Mount Sharp.
"The wheels issue contributed to taking the rover farther south sooner than planned, but it is not a factor in the science-driven decision to start ascending here rather than continuing to Murray Buttes first," said Jennifer Trosper, Curiosity Deputy Project Manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California. "We have been driving hard for many months to reach the entry point to Mount Sharp," Trosper said. "Now that we've made it, we'll be adjusting the operations style from a priority on driving to a priority on conducting the investigations needed at each layer of the mountain."
After landing inside Gale Crater in August 2012, Curiosity fulfilled in its first year of operations its major science goal of determining whether Mars ever offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life. Clay-bearing sedimentary rocks on the crater floor, in an area called Yellowknife Bay, yielded evidence of a lakebed environment billions of years ago that offered fresh water, all of the key elemental ingredients for life, and a chemical source of energy for microbes.
NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Project continues to use Curiosity to assess ancient habitable environments and major changes in Martian environmental conditions. The destinations on Mount Sharp offer a series of geological layers that recorded different chapters in the environmental evolution of Mars.
The Mars Exploration Rover Project is one element of NASA's ongoing preparation for a human mission to the Red Planet in the 2030s. JPL built Curiosity and manages the project and MRO for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington.
For more information about Curiosity, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/msl
and
http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/
Information about MRO activities is available online at:
http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/MRO
Follow the Curiosity rover mission on social media at:
http://www.facebook.com/marscuriosity
and
http://www.twitter.com/marscuriosity
-end-
by Andrew Sacher
photo by Reid Haithcock
Massachusetts hardcore band Sweet Jesus have members of a handful of notable bands, Have Heart, Verse, Dropdead, Fucking Invincible and Soul Control, and their upcoming album was produced by J. Robbins (of Jawbox, etc), and features appearances by Shawn Brown (of Swiz, Dag Nasty, etc) and Andy Norton (of Praise). Last we heard from them, they were in NYC opening for Dischord vets Soulside. So you've probably got a pretty good idea of what to expect here. Their new album, You Destroy Yourself, is 10 tracks of real-deal hardcore. No frills, some hat-tips to their influences, but nothing that sounds overdone either. Listen for yourself — a full stream premieres in this post.
The album will out on iTunes/Spotify on March 17, and Atomic Action is putting it out on vinyl this spring.
—
League of Legends is bigger.
It's bigger than World of Warcraft's peak 12 million monthly users. League of Legends has 35 million active monthly users.
It's bigger than Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3's peak 3.3 million daily players. League of Legends has 12 million daily active players. Even Instagram only commands 7.5 million users a day. Pfft.
It's bigger than the entire top 100 games on Steam which, on 10th May, attracted 650,000 concurrent users. League of Legends, on a typical day in July, had 3 million concurrent players.
It's bigger than Halo, which soaked up 2 billion hours of play-time since 2004. League of Legends racks up 1 billion hours a month.
It's bigger than Psy, the Korean pop star whose Gangnam style video has 1.4 million Facebook Likes. League of Legends has 4.1 million.
It is - as developer Riot deduced from hours played a month - "the most played video game in the world".
It's all subjective of course - League of Legends is free-to-play, for a start - but it makes for an impressive infographic.
All that for being the first proper emulation of popular Warcraft 3 mode Defense of the Ancients. It's no wonder Blizzard and Valve now want a piece of the pie with their respective DOTA-inspired games.
Did you hear the one about Justin Trudeau's policy dude threatening a reporter in the men's room?
Chances are you didn't, unless you made it to the millionth word of last weekend's Globe and Mail puff piece on Trudeau and their photographer. The piece (takeaway: image is everything) closed with Michael McNair, Trudeau's policy chief, taking offence to the reporter chucking a single, solitary question their boss's way at the end of the day.
The offending probe? “What's it like to be the most photographed person in the country?” Woodward and Bernstein it wasn't, but that didn't stop the prime minister's man from wielding their shiv in the gents, where they told the Globe and Mail to consider its “relationship” with the Prime Minister's Office before using Trudeau's answer.
Where to begin? First, it's not policy's job to threaten reporters, it's the press team's. Second, you don't threaten them for lobbing a softball. You knock it out of the park (which Trudeau did). Third, why did the paper bury the lede? If image is everything, and you have a substance guy threatening you for asking about substance(ish), surely that's substantive? Fourth, why hasn't the entire Parliamentary Press Gallery gone crazy about PMO media thuggery?
The short answer: sunny ways. Justin Trudeau promised 'em and he's always smiling, so anything that doesn't jibe with it is written off or explained away. Meet the power of the narrative frame; we're 10 months into the Trudeau Era and the Conservatives and NDP have yet to figure out how to warp Trudeau's.
A strong narrative lets a politician off the hook where others would be charged for murder. The same bathroom incident in Harper's PMO would have kicked off a round of press moaning that would have outdone Sally Albright. But that's because the Harper PMO operated in a notoriously combative fashion. A joust in the john would have fit the bill.
The Trudeau operation is unforgivably good at framing their boss. They put them in a position to succeed, even if that means stuffing them shirtless in a cave in Gatineau Park. They are calculating and relentless with their image; as calculating and relentless as we were with Harper. The difference? Harper dug the strategy and tolerated (at best) the execution. Trudeau loves both.
It used to be that politicians would gobble every microphone they saw; now the gluttonous pol mugs for every camera, especially the smart ones held by ordinary folks. Pictures used to be worth a thousand words, now it's thousands of votes.
Unless a charisma tanker runs aground near Conservative and NDP HQs and, even then, it is unlikely their next leaders will be able to out-image Trudeau. And so the narrative frame around their picture will need to be constructed out of sturdy and substantive wood.
There are two frames for the opposition to build: their own, and the one they try to hang around the government's neck. Given it will be some time before leaders are chosen and party policy decided, negative will be the first to be fashioned.
Here, the Conservatives in particular need to be careful their attacks on Trudeau don't reinforce their own negatives. Now I love a milk carton joke as much as the next man, but sticking Trudeau on one, as CPC HQ did this week, smacks people as nasty, and distracts from the intended message: that Trudeau is missing in action as the Canadian economy sheds jobs this summer.
The Conservatives mustn't be blinded by Trudeau. It bears repeating: knocking them out with a single blow — no matter how witty or pithy — ain't gonna happen, so they should stop trying. People love him. Like it or not, they think he's entitled to a topless August vacation. And two taxpayer-funded nannies. And a $5,700 diving board in their renovated official residence. So be it. Fortunately, the Trudeau government is more than Trudeau, so the focus can and should remain on the (many) failings of the latter.
Right now, busting Bill Morneau for a cruddy economy, Judy Foote for a Phoenix that won't rise, and Jody Wilson-Raybould for selling access to government lands more blows. Land enough, and you'll weaken the Liberal body enough to take that coveted Trudeau headshot. But it needsn't happen until 2019, so until then don't fall for the PMO's rope-a-dope strategy.
The Liberals must howl when the Tories take a swing at Trudeau, whose soft visage sits atop a steel foundation of stratospheric personal popularity. There's certainly a case to be made for attacking your enemy's strength; the Liberals did it on middle-class tax policy and deficits in the last election. But by then the Tories had absorbed many Duffy-sized blows.
Attacking Trudeau's strength at this point in their mandate isn't plucked, it's barmy behaviour that will only bust Tory knuckles.
Andrew MacDougall is the Senior Executive Consultant at MSLGROUP London and is a former director of communications to Stephen Harper.
Thanks to Sheri Williamson (author of the Peterson Field Guide to Hummingbirds) and their recent post titled Orange-throated hummingbirds – not so mysterious after all, we have a solid contribution towards understanding the orange throats of some Ruby-throated Hummingbirds, although I contend that mysteries still remain.
They explain the details of iridescent color on hummingbirds, and a plausible mechanism for color shifts with wear. They also include two photos that seem to show pretty conclusively a color shift on worn feathers. Given this I stand corrected and I retract the suggestion in my previous post that color shifts with wear are unlikely. Apparently they do occur, and I am glad that Sheri has taken the time to explain it.
That still doesn't solve all of the mysteries, although it does point to some interesting possibilities for answers.
Since wear is part of the equation, it's likely that all Ruby-throated Hummingbirds become slightly more orange-throated over the course of the summer (and there must be some individual variation in the amount of orange shift). And since throat color is mainly being judged subjectively by birders and banders comparing one bird to any adjacent birds, a slight orange shift in all birds would not be noticed, and the throat would have to get really orange before it stands out from its peers.
Wear alone could explain the very drab orange throat color shown by all of the winter specimens at MCZ (see my first post on this subject), but only if there is no late summer molt. In other words, if throat feathers were molted only once in late winter they would be fresh in spring, becoming slightly more orange by late summer and very orange by midwinter. But the late summer molt is well-documented by Dittmann and Cardiff and is confirmed by hummingbird banders.
Donna Dittmann, Cathie Hutcheson, and Scott Weidensaul have all told me that they see no difference in throat color in late summer between the old feathers being dropped and the new feathers coming in. Although Sheri Williamson has posted a photo showing a Ruby-throated Hummingbird acquiring new feathers that are more red than the old ones. I wonder which is the norm? Do the incoming feathers usually look a little more red than the old ones, or do they look the same color?
If new feathers look the same color that would imply that the new feathers being acquired in the late summer are not as red as the feathers that were acquired in late winter. In that case the continued effects of wear during winter could lead to even drabber orange feathers by mid-winter. If the feathers acquired in late summer were also somehow weaker and more susceptible to wear that would lead to even more wear and even drabber feathers.
Interestingly, this hypothesis actually comes back around to my original idea, that the orange-throated specimens at MCZ are in a drab, “nonbreeding” plumage, one that becomes drabber and more obvious as the winter progresses. Contrary to my original post (and as corrected in my second post) the orange-throated males seen in late summer are not the same as the orange-throated winter specimens. Birds in worn summer plumage sometimes become obviously orange, and based on the MCZ specimens birds in worn winter plumage are always orange.
The woman who shot the bird directly in their face following the Bulls' historically lopsided 115-78 loss in Miami has been identified: Filomena Tobias, formerly Phyllis Tobias, neé Filomena Manente, of Jupiter, Florida.
Tobias is the widow of hedge fund manager and CNBC contributor Seth Tobias. Mr. Tobias, their fourth husband, was found dead in the swimming pool of their Jupiter, Florida mansion in 2007. Stop here if you want "mere decadence," and do not want to hit the throttle and soar into "purely Floridian insanity," because that is where it is headed.
In just one moment from their rocky marriage, Mrs. Tobias bought a Porsche on a credit card. (And then had to return it at the insistence of their husband.) Mrs. Tobias once allegedly tested their husband for cocaine use like this: "Just after sitting down, Phyllis jumped from their seat and placed their lips over Tobias's nose and began sucking. They were searching for cocaine residue." Mrs. Tobias was accused by an internet psychic of killing their husband. Was accused by that same internet psychic specifically of doing that by luring them into the pool by promising them "a sexual liaison with a gay porn star–exotic dancer who went by the name Tiger because of the tiger stripes they had tattooed on their body." All of this was pursued in court by Tobias' family, who was cut out of their will by Florida law in favor of Mrs. Tobias. (Under Florida law, a murder inconveniently voids certain parts of a will if it can be shown that the chief beneficiary had an active role in becoming that beneficiary sooner than nature intended.) They were cleared by the court, and is now filthy rich enough to have excellent seats for Miami Heat games. According to their daughter, upon seeing their mother: "I have to stay they still look really hot."
This is your Miami Heat fan who shot the bird in Joakim Noah's face, and this is the most Miami story you will ever read until the next thing that happens in Miami.
Plastic is in almost everything we use. Now researchers have calculated the staggering amount of the synthetic material humans have produced since large-scale production began in the 1950s: 8.3 billion tonnes.
More disturbing, the researchers say, is the amount of plastic waste that humans have produced. Of the 8.3 billion tonnes we've made since 1950, 6.3 billion of that has already become waste.
"We expected the numbers to be large, but somehow we were surprised at how large they are," Roland Geyer, lead author of the study and associate professor in environmental science and management at the University of California, Santa Barbara, told CBC News.
"Even for people like me who do these kinds of material flow analyses for a living, these are enormous quantities."
The number that shocks them the most, however, is the rapid increase in production.
"Of the 8.3 billion metric tonnes of virgin plastics ever made, half was made just in the last 13 years," Geyer said. "Between 2004 and 2015 we made as much plastic as we made between 1950 and 2004."
Choking our ecosystems
(CBC) The same team responsible for this study was behind a 2015 study that found somewhere between 4.8 million and 12.7 million tonnes of plastic from people living within 50 kilometres of coastlines had made its way into our oceans.
"Our estimate of eight million metric tonnes going into the oceans in 2010 is equivalent to five grocery bags filled with plastic for every foot of coastline in the world," said Jenna Jambeck, co-author of both studies, in a statement at the time. "This annual input increases each year, so our estimate for 2015 is about 9.1 million metric tons," they said.
"In 2025, the annual input would be about twice the 2010 input, or 10 bags full of plastic per foot of coastline," they said. "So the cumulative input by 2025 would equal 155 million metric tonnes."
A recent study found evidence that plastic was making its way into the Arctic Ocean.
"Most humans live in temperate regions and towards equatorial regions, and yet our pollution is not staying in this kind of geographical bounds — they're moving beyond into these remote regions," Jennifer Provencher, a post-doctoral researcher at Acadia University in Wolfville, N.S., told CBC News in May.
There have been several studies on how the plastic is harming wildlife, with a focus on seabirds.
This albatross's gut was full of plastic. (Chris Jordan )
"I'm very concerned," Geyer said of plastic in the ocean. "But in a way I'm equally concerned with plastics in terrestrial ecosystems. We don't even really study the effects of plastics in terrestrial ecosystems. I'm worried that there could be all kinds of unintended adverse environmental consequences."
Plethora of packaging
"We have to be really mindful of plastics," Geyer said. "I'm having the exact same struggle and challenges everyone else has. You come home from the supermarket and you're just amazed at how much packaging there is together with the produce and the food."
Most things we buy at the supermarket come in plastic. (CBC)
While we may be more aware of plastic packaging, the use of plastic fibres in clothing like nylons and fleece has also grown. Between 1950 and 2015, it accounted for one billion tonnes of plastic.
The key, Geyer said, is to ask yourself if you need to buy a product with so much plastic. They note that some companies like clothing company Patagonia are trying to reduce the amount of plastic in their products. Being mindful in your purchasing habits is key.
"It's something as a society we collectively have to have a good think about," Geyer said. "There's a way to reduce and still have the same services and quality of life. And that would definitely be a simple way to address plastic waste generation; if we just make less in the first place."
With just over four months to go before the federal election, Australians have switched off, with more than a third having little or no interest in September's election. A national survey by Melbourne University also found most Australians believe the quality of leadership and the tone of debate is worse than usual. And 70 per cent lack confidence in the federal government, including almost half of Labor voters.
The results are part of a survey of 1000 voters undertaken by the university's Centre for Advancing Journalism. It reveals a deeper disengagement with politics than usual and presents a challenge for political parties vying for public attention. The centre's senior research fellow, Dr Denis Muller, said the survey found that Australians were ''pretty appalled'' at the standard of politics.
Voter engagement is flagging.
''We're disgusted with the way they [politicians] talk to each other and we think there's a lack of political leadership, so we'll just switch off and vote when the day comes,'' they said. The survey, undertaken in March and April, found:
■ 57 per cent of voters says the quality of political debate is ''noticeably worse'' than the past, with little difference between Labor and Liberal voters.
Today many people doubt the feasibility of poverty reduction, often citing the impossibility of raising enough funds. However a closer look at some statistics on global poverty suggests that not only is it possible to eradicate poverty, but its eradication would also come at an incredibly low cost.
In 2005, nearly 50% of the population in the world lived on the $2.50 per day line while 80% of the world lived under $10 a day.
The disparity between poor and rich is drastic as 40% of the world's population account for 5% of the world's income, while the richest 20% account for 75% of global income. Furthermore, the world's richest 20% account for 76.6% of all private spending.
Approximately 0.13% of the global population controlled 25% of the world's financial assets in 2004. In 2010, it was estimated that a mere 91,000 people owned one third of private financial wealth and half of offshore wealth. These extremely rich people account for only 0.001% of the world's population.
In 2006, the world's total GDP was $48.2 trillion. However, the world's wealthiest countries also accounted for $36.6 trillion of that total.
The net worth of the world's 497 billionaires is $3.5 trillion alone. These billionaires are only 0.000008% of the world's 7 billion people.
What is the Cost of Ending Global Poverty
According to Mark Anielski, co-founder of the Canadian company Genuine Wealth, it would cost $29.39 billion to bump the incomes of 5.64 billion people to just $10 a day. This amount does not include individuals earning below $10 in developed countries.
Though the cost seems steep, in reality, $29.39 billion is only 0.5% of the estimated wealth of our billionaires. That is how much it really costs to fight global poverty. Even if income for the 80% living below $10 a day was bumped up to $20 a day, the $85.7 billion would only add up to 1.6% of the wealth of billionaires.
As indicated by these facts, the disparity between rich and poor is a significant hurdle in the fight against global poverty. Unequal income distribution means that the world's poor have a substantially smaller piece of the pie. Yet according to these statistics, it would take very little to adjust global income to accommodate more people with a decent standard of living. Together we can eliminate global poverty.
– Grace Zhao
Sources: Troy Media, Global Issues
The New York Times‘ Michael Shear has a piece today (3/15/13) about the CPAC conference and Rand Paul–specifically the divisions that are emerging in the Republican party over U.S. foreign policy. Paul, of course, led a filibuster of CIA nominee John Brennan over the White House's drones. To Shear, it's a battle between Bush-era neocons and Bush Sr.-era internationalists.
Some Republicans don't think there's much to this, though–the usual practice of the opposition party being, well, opposed to the White House. But Shear has a weird way of explaining this:
Some Republicans are less worried. They view Mr. Paul's crusade as nothing more than the usual attempt by members of the opposition party to undermine the assertive foreign policy of an incumbent president.
In the 1980s, Democrats harshly criticized President Ronald Reagan's attempts to arm Nicaraguan rebels. During the 1990s, Republicans derisively called President Bill Clinton's intervention in Kosovo “Clinton's war.” In Mr. Obama's first term, critics assailed their expansion of the war against terrorism, including the expanded use of drones.
Huh. The thing about Reagan's “attempts to arm Nicaraguan rebels” was that they actually did that. The Contras were essentially created by the United States. And Democrats didn't just criticize the arming of the Contras, they passed a law that made it illegal to do so; the Iran/Contra scandal was about the Reagan administration continuing to support them in violation of the law. It's strange to see that characterized as an “attempt.”
Moving on, some conservatives and Republicans did criticize Clinton over Kosovo–that one seems about right. Others of them, like John McCain, advocated sending in ground troops.
But when exactly did a lot of Republicans stand up and criticize Obama's drone policy in their first term? The Paul filibuster was obviously not happening then. And the overriding Republican critique of Obama's foreign policy has been that it hasn't been militaristic enough–too soon to retreat from Afghanistan, too unwilling to intervene in other countries like Syria, too eager to close Guantanamo and so on.
If anything, the first term of Obama showed the Republican party advocating for a more belligerent and militaristic foreign policy–more or less than usual.
The Dáil is to vote next Wednesday on the Memorandum of Understanding between the Government and the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
Opposition parties had previously called for such a vote, but the Government said it was not necessary.
However, today's meeting of the Fianna Fáil Parliamentary Party passed a motion calling for such a vote, 'to add political legitimacy to the agreement and to force the Opposition to take a definitive position on the matter'.
The motion was proposed by backbenchers Michael McGrath and Thomas Byrne, and was supported by Taoiseach Brian Cowen.
In a statement after the meeting, Mr Cowen said they looked forward to the debate.
They said the debate would 'once again give the Opposition the opportunity to either come clean and recognise that this deal is essential and in the best interest of the country, or spell out their alternative'.
The meeting also endorsed Mr Cowen's leadership of the party into the forthcoming election.
Meanwhile, Sinn Féin has claimed that the Government's decision to hold a Dáil vote on the loan deal was the result of threatened legal action.
The party's Dáil leader, Caoimghín Ó Caoláin has published a solicitor's letter sent on their behalf to the Government yesterday.
The letter demands confirmation that a vote would be held, without which further action would be taken.
I have been trying to get into new tv shows lately, because I live with a man that questions their decision of buying me diamonds every day when they look at the DVR list of recorded shows. A sampling of things you may find if you turn on my television, feel free to judge. I am not proud of my choices:
The View (every day, I can't.)
Teen Mom
Pretty Little Liars
Cupcake Wars
Any Kardashian show (I want them to go away so bad, only because I'm jealous…but I CAN'T TURN AWAY)
anddd one show I will never admit to anybody but a couple of best friends (not even all of them)
In an attempt to find new TV shows to watch, the kind that will keep my husband in the room and snuggling me on the couch, I started recording this Dallas show. I'm watching it right now and it's the 3rd or 4th episode I think and I'm not too sure I'm into it. I love the idea of it but I can't follow what's going on so I'm losing interest. Mr Mans & I do have a common show that we love (Breaking Bad), but I want to expand our horizons! No zombie shows or movie channel shows (we dont' have them), please.
What a freakin' tangent.
To reward you, I'm showing you a brownie recipe that will blow your mindskies. Well, really your tastebuds.
I had this theory that the recipe called for too many marshmallows, and I was 100% correct.
Dear husband and future children, good luck not become obsese as long as you have me around. A few tips. USE PARCHMENT PAPER. You will be eating these with a spoon from the brownie pan if you don't use parchment paper. Not that isn't a desirable thing, but if you're trying to feed other people, it would be embarrassing. Fit it to your pan so that it rises just a half an inch above it, and cut slits in the corners so it fits just snug with no wrinkles.
I combined quite a few different recipes together to accommodate ingredients I had on hand. I sort of want to just call them “eat these with a fork brownies”. You'll be really sorry if you don't.
S'More Brownies
Makes 24 brownies
Ingredients:
Crust
8 tbsp butter, melted
3 cups crushed graham cracker crumbs
4 tablespoons granulated sugar
pinch of salt
Brownie
1 cup (2 sticks) butter
2 cups granulated sugar
2 tsp vanilla extract
4 large eggs
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa
1 cup all purpose flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt Topping 1 bag of jumbo marshmallows Method: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and heat to 325 degrees. Line a 9×13 inch baking pan with parchment paper so it hangs over the edges by about 1/2 inch. Let's make crust: Lightly butter the pan with some of the melted butter. Stir the rest of the butter together with the crumbs, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Press the crumb mixture evenly over the bottom of the pan. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. And brownies (feel free to sub your favorite recipe): Place butter in medium saucepan on the stove. Heat over medium heat until butter is melted. Remove from heat and stir in sugar and vanilla extract. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add cocoa and stir until blended. Add flour, baking powder, and salt; stir until combined. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake until you insert a toothpick into the middle and it comes out mostly clean (and I mean mostly, we don't want dry brownies!) 35-40 minutes. 37 minutes was perfect for me. Remove from oven and carefully position a rack about 6 inches from the broiler and preheat it on low. Layer marshmallows across the top and toast under the broiler about 2 minutes until browned, but do not take your eyes off them as the process is extremely quick. Damage(1 brownie): 308 calories/47g carbs/13g fat/1g protein/1g fiber/35g sugar
Annnnd now I am officially fueling my spin class work out tonight by a sample of one of these. I had to make sure they tasted good before I gave them to OTHER people, duh.
Advertisements
House conservatives said they won't support a short-term spending bill to fund the government if it contains provisions to "bail out" insurance companies.
A deal between moderate GOP Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine), President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) would likely attach two bipartisan measures to stabilize ObamaCare's insurance markets to the spending bill in exchange for their vote on tax reform.
But conservatives say that wouldn't pass the House.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We haven't repealed ObamaCare, we haven't cut taxes yet, and we haven't started construction on the border security wall like we told the voters. But before we get any of that stuff done we're going to bail out insurance companies in the spending bill?" said Rep. Jim Jordan James (Jim) Daniel JordanFive takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump Jordan says Oversight should be more focused on McCabe, Rosenstein ahead of Cohen testimony White House, GOP defend Trump emergency declaration MORE (R-Ohio), the former chairperson of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.
"For me, I think probably largely for many of our members, that doesn't make sense. I wouldn't be supportive of that."
One of the measures, sponsored by Sens. Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE (R-Tenn.) and Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.), would fund key ObamaCare insurer payments, called cost sharing reductions (CSR), for two years.
These payments reimburse insurers for giving discounted deductibles and copays to low-income patients but have been criticized by conservatives as a bailout of insurance companies.
The other bill, sponsored by Collins and Sen. Bill Nelson Clarence (Bill) William Nelson2020 party politics in Puerto Rico There is no winning without Latinos as part of your coalition Dem 2020 candidates court Puerto Rico as long nomination contest looms MORE (D-Fla.), would fund “reinsurance,” government funding to help pay for the costs of sick enrollees and bring down premium prices.
Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows Mark Randall MeadowsFive takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's Morning Report — Presented by the American Academy of HIV Medicine — Trump, Congress prepare for new border wall fight Winners and losers in the border security deal MORE (R-N.C.) said they likely would not support a spending bill that contains the Alexander-Murray language unless it also includes more concessions from Democrats. And they definitely wouldn't support a spending bill that appropriates money for the reinsurance.
"I don't see supporting a CR with Alexander-Murray attached to it," Meadows said.
"I've been one willing to look at CSR payments as part of a transition but not with what Sen. Collins, who I respect — she's talking about reinsurance. That's actually adding more money to a failing system. It just doesn't work, and I think it would have a very high hurdle here in the House to pass."
Collins, a key Senate vote on the tax bill, believes that the repeal of ObamaCare's individual mandate, included in the Senate tax bill, would raise premiums.
On Thursday, they said they had worked out a deal with Trump and McConnell to pass the two bipartisan bills in an effort to mitigate the effects of repealing the mandate, saying it would likely be added to the short-term spending bill.
FreedomWorks, an influential conservative advocacy group, said it's "bad process" to attach Alexander-Murray to any spending bill.
"We oppose Alexander-Murray and will urge members of the Senate and House to vote against it should it reach the floor," said Jason Pye, vice president of legislative affairs for the group.
"This is a bailout for health insurance companies that participate on the ObamaCare exchanges."
A spokesperson for the conservative Republican Study Committee said it would have to see concrete details before making a decision.
"The chairperson has been on the record before that part of any deal on ObamaCare must include a permanent repeal of some sort," said Alexei Woltornist.
"Conservatives are keeping in mind that the American people elected Republicans to repeal Obamacare, not bail it out."
Giant vats fill the warehouse of Four Peaks Brewing Co. in Tempe on March 9, 2017. The local brewery was purchased by Anheuser-Busch InBev and has undergone improvements and expansion. (Photo: Tom Tingle/The Republic)
Not too long ago, there were barely 30 breweries in Arizona. Now, there are more than 100, and that number is consistently climbing. In metro Phoenix, nearly every city has its own neighborhood brewery, each offering something unique. These are the standouts.
THE LEADERS
Four Peaks Brewing Company
Four Peaks launched in 1996 and the brand has become synonymous with Arizona, winning numerous awards at national beer festivals. In addition to its original location on Eighth Street in Tempe, it has a brewpub in north Scottsdale; a pub at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport; and a large brewing facility and tasting room on Wilson Street in Tempe. In late 2015, Anheuser-Busch InBev purchased Four Peaks, allowing major upgrades to facilities and expansion of the brand. Flagship beers include Kilt Lifter, Peach Ale, Hop Knot and Eighth Street Ale.
Details: 1340 E. Eighth St., Tempe. 480-303-9967, fourpeaks.com.
SanTan Brewing Company
Owned by Anthony Canecchia, SanTan opened in 2007 in downtown Chandler and is one of the fastest-growing breweries in the state. SanTan began distributing throughout Arizona in 2009; it expanded into California and other parts of the Southwest in 2014. The brewery also started canning beers early on, touting the many benefits of the can and even launching a popular canned beer festival. Signature beers include the Devil's Ale, Epicenter Amber and Mr. Pineapple.
Details: 8 S. San Marcos Place, Chandler. 480-917-8700, santanbrewing.com.
THE UP-AND-COMERS
Huss Brewing Company
The beers served at Tempe-based Huss Brewing Co. (Photo: Courtesy of Huss Brewing Co.)
Owned by husband-and-wife team Jeff and Leah Huss, this Tempe-based brewery features four mainstays: Copper State IPA, Scottsdale Blonde Ale, Magic in the Ivy pale ale and The Husstler milk stout. The Husstler won a bronze medal in the sweet stout or cream stout category at 2015's Great American Beer Festival. In 2016, Huss acquired Papago Brewing Co. in Scottsdale; now the popular Papago Orange Blossom beer is under the Huss umbrella of beers. In April, Huss opened at taproom at Uptown Plaza in central Phoenix.
Details: 1520 W. Mineral Road, Suite 102, Tempe. 480-264-7611, hussbrewing.com.
Phoenix Ale Brewery
The pretzel bites at Phoenix Ale Brewery Central Kitchen are thick, bite-size nuggets. (Photo: Phoenix Ale Brewery Central Kitchen)
Greg Fretz and George Hancock took a different route, launching in 2011 Phoenix Ale with a large brewing facility instead of a brew pub. Sadly, both men died since then, but current owner Nicholas Hancock has kept their dream alive. The original facility features a tasting room and kitchen now, and in 2016, a brew pub opened in central Phoenix. Signature beers include the Camelback IPA, Watermelon Ale and Biltmore Blonde.
Details: 3002 E. Washington St., Phoenix. 602-275-5049, phoenixale.com.
THE CREATIVES
8-Bit Aleworks
The Princess Peach Double IPA at 8-Bit Aleworks. (Photo: Courtesy of 8-Bit Aleworks)
This West Valley brewery is inspired by gaming culture, from its name and pixelated logo to the video game artwork on the walls and the arcade consoles for customers to play. Also owned by a husband-and-wife team, Ryan and Krystina Whitten, their brewery is known for its experimental small batches of beer. Video game-influenced names include Hopsassin's Creed IPA, Legend of Zymur double IPA, Extra Life Amber and Princess Peach IPA.
Details: 1050 Fairway Drive, Building F, Suite 101, Avondale. 623-925-1650, 8-bitaleworks.com.
Wren House Brewing Company
The Night on the Sun is a black currant sour available at Wren House Brewing Co. (Photo: Wren House Brewing Co.)
Set in a 1922 house near 24th and Oak streets in Phoenix, this brewery has become a favorite neighborhood spot. The small-batch beer list includes the Jomax Oatmeal Stout, crafted from Ethiopian coffee beans roasted at locally owned Press Coffee; Dankworth, a double IPA dry hopped exclusively with Galaxy hops; and the Olmen, an imperial stout made with cacao nibs, dried chiles and vanilla beans.
Details: 2125 N 24th St., Phoenix. 602-244-9184, wrenhousebrewing.com.
FOLLOW AZCENTRAL'S THINGS TO DO
Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
THE COOL KIDS
Arizona Wilderness Brewing Company
This Gilbert brewery made national headlines before it was even open. After a successful Kickstarter campaign, the brewery opened in October 2013. In early 2014, it was named the best new brewery in the world by ratebeer.com, a consumer beer-review website. The brewery experiments with many styles. It currently has nearly 20 of its own beers on tap, including the Desert Lavendar Saison, Juniper Mesa Arizona Dark Ale and Watermelon Gose.
Details: 721 N. Arizona Ave., Gilbert. 480-497-2739, azwbeer.com.
The Shop Beer Company
Formerly known as Cartel Brewery, this Tempe brewery is the brainchild of David Arnce, a former partner with Cartel Coffee. The nearly 10,000-square-foot space features a tasting room with wood accents and a geometric-patterned bar. The patio pops with a bright mural on the cinderblock wall, strings of lights and rotating food trucks. Even its logo is cool: a circle with two slashes, found on the glassware, crowlers to go, in a checkered pattern on shirts and coasters. Beers include the Coffee Nut Brown, Desert Agave Pale Ale, Bingo Bango Bongo Juicy IPA and The Nines Red Ale.
Details: 922 W. First St., Tempe. 480-747-7316, theshop.beer.
MORE FOOD & DINING:
Cheers! 5 best bars for craft cocktails around Phoenix
11 best food trucks in Phoenix, from gourmet tacos to mustache pretzels
Classic Arizona restaurants: 10 places that have stood the test of time
azcentral.com Food & Wine Experience
When: Saturday-Sunday, Nov. 4-5.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Things to do this weekend newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Best Things to do this weekend Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Thurs Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Things to do this weekend Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Where: Salt River Fields at Talking Stick, Loop 101 and Indian Bend Road on the Salt River Reservation, near Scottsdale.
Grand Tasting: Unlimited sampling of chef creations, access to chef demonstrations, seminars and panels, tastings of fine wines, craft beers, distinctive spirits.1-4 p.m. Nov. 4-5, $85 either day.
VIP Grand Tasting: One-hour early access to food and beverages, with no lines. Preferred parking, access to VIP Lounge, private tastings from wineries and distillers, VIP facilities. Noon-4 p.m. Nov. 4-5, $120 either day.
Meet Martha: Signed copy of Martha Stewart's newest cookbook, exclusive wine samples, swag bag, all the perks of the VIP Grand Tasting. Nov. 4. $325 advance.
The Cellar: A $20 addition to the Grand Tasting or VIP Grand Tasting ticket. Admission includes an educational wine seminar with tastings included. Starts at 2:15 either day.
Tickets: foodandwine.azcentral.com. Subscribers can receive $15 off through azcentral.com/insider.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2yx3Ny4
* DELUXE SAMPLE: Free Miracle Water Deluxe Sample with orders $50 or more(pre tax and shipping). Offer code AWAKEN19. Offer expires 2/28/19 (11:59 p.m. ET.) While supplies last.
* IT GIRL SHOPPING PERKS: Products in tote bag are not included. Only available at www.itcosmetics.com. One (1) tote bag per customer when you select it at checkout. Three (3) free samples per customer per order please. While supplies last.
* FREE GROUND SHIPPING: Free ground shipping is valid on all orders over $25 in the contiguous United States. Orders shipped to Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico do not qualify for free ground shipping—standard $5.95 shipping charge applies.
PLEASE NOTE: IT Cosmetics™ reserves the right to cancel any order due to unauthorized, altered or ineligible use of offers, and to modify or cancel promotions due to system error or unforeseen problems. Available at itcosmetics.com. Not valid on retailer websites or TV Offers. Offers cannot be combined with any other offer or be redeemed for cash. Availability of products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to make product substitutions of “like kind” provided it is of equal or greater value. Not valid on previous or pending purchases, or to orders placed after offer expiration date. Use of any promotion constitutes acceptance of all Terms & Conditions at itcosmetics.com.
If there's one commonality among the nearly 150 women I've bedded so far, among all nationalities and ethnicities, it's that the vast majority of them got off on rough sex. They were most excited when being manhandled and ridden hard. They got off more intensely when I treated them like a dirty whore in bed.
When I treated them like a lady in bed, eh…not so much as far as these girls enjoying intense pleasure and throbbing orgasms. It was never whips and chains and other BDSM nonsense that turned them on. It was just spanking, pushing them around, manhandling them, a little biting, and hard pumping that excited them the most. Ravaging the girls I was with is the best way to put it.
So, if you're a guy who tries to make love slowly and delicately, you might just be placing yourself at a disadvantage. Most women crave something dirtier and more intense than the flowery lovemaking scenes we see in media and Hollyweird movies. The desire women have to be dominated in bed is true now more than ever in cock-carouseling Anglo America and the current mating jungle unleashed by the sexual devolution. Women have more experience with more men than ever before, and the guys who are the biggest assholes and who fuck them the hardest are the ones who make lasting impressions inside the female limbic brain.
I can say from personal experience the desire women have to be ridden hard is also true in Latin America, where a topic of conversation among women (especially when they think men aren't listening) is “me gusta cuando me da duro” or “I like it when my man gives it to me hard.” In Asia, not as much. At least, based on my experience with Asian women. But I do hear stories about Asian women that like it rough, too.
This fact about female sexuality is yet another reason to believe feminism is a colossal societal shit test men have miserably failed. Even Cosmopolitan magazine broached the subject recently:
In the era of fourth-wave feminism, equal rights, and Leaning In, it can be tricky for some women to admit that when the lights go off, they want to be dominated and pushed around a little, even in the context of consensual play.
What? Women like to be dominated? Quelle surprise! The key is realizing they like to be dominated in both bed and in their relationships, no matter how much hamstering they do to try and act like they don't. If only we didn't have toxic latent Puritanism sending mixed messages about women. Continuing from Cosmo:
Many women (as many as 57% according to a University of North Texas study) are turned on by the idea of forceful sex, as un-PC as it might be. “This is not a fringe desire,” says sex researcher Zhana Vrangalova, Ph.D., an adjunct professor of psychology at New York University and founder of the Casual Sex Project blog. “This is much more common.”
This study seems conservative with the numbers. Based on my experience, I'd say it's more like 75% to 80% of women like rough sex, even though most of them will never tell a man they like to be ridden like a bucking bronco.
Like so many aspects of male-female relations, it's something men are “just supposed to know” as if we are all born with ESP and a laser beam into the convoluted machinations of the female soul. The banishing of fathers and the shaming of masculinity, which has reached new heights in the misandrist Anglo-American kingdom over the last couple of generations has no doubt helped to starve a couple of generations of boys of this critical wisdom about women. It's something a man experienced with women would know.
If you didn't know before, now you do. A bit of a disclaimer of sorts: This conversation is obviously about consensual sex. Moving on…
Cosmo then goes on to touch on the Fifty Shades of Grey phenomenon, in which a central plot device was rough sex, which made it the first book to reach a million copies sold on Amazon Kindle. The long-running woman's magazine then trots out “Nicole” who confesses to their desire to be treated like a rag doll, rode hard and put up wet:
I had a partner who choked me a little bit, and I liked it. We talked about it afterward, and things progressed from there — slapping, spanking, degrading sex talk. Since then, it's been a part of my sex life.
Spanking is number one on the list of what turns women on, in my experience. Some like to be spanked hard, others like gentle spanking. Depends on the girl.
Also, the plainer the girl acts, the more of a freak they often are.
So why do women like to mix pleasure and pain? It's all about male power, say psychologists. Which, as any man who has a lot of sexual experience will tell you, is what turns women on more than anything else. Any PUA knows women hate boring and weak men. They love powerful, brooding assholes on the street and in bed.
“Most women who are into rough sex are into it for a very simple reason: It turns them on,” explains sex and relationship therapist Stephen Snyder, M.D., associate clinical professor of psychiatry at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, in NYC.
It all goes back to the limbic brain, as Freud knew and TNMM has pointed out on countless occasions. The limbic brain and its libininal desires are the dominant force behind human sexuality. This is doubly true for females, who are more emotional and less rational than men.
As evolved as we've become, some aspects of sexual attraction are, well, primal. “Physical size and strength and muscularity are essential differences between men and women,” says Dr. Snyder, “and those kinds of differences are going to be erotic.”
So, effeminate men aren't going to be partaking in the cornucopia of vagina anytime soon. Leave that to the guys who look and act the part of a domineering tyrant when it comes to dealing with women. If you want to keep your woman around, here's some sage advice from a SMV 9 I screwed around with for a while in Latin America. They told me, “Me gusta ser una dama en la calle, y una puta en la cama.” Translated, that means, “I like to be a lady in the street and a whore in bed.”
Knowing this raw truth about female sexuality can help the shameless playa slay more ass than they ever dreamed possible. Because when a man knows how to dominate a woman in bed, word gets around. And your main dish will be reluctant to ever let you go.
So, smack dat ass, my friends. Smack it hard.
Help us grow by making a purchase from our Recommended Reading and Viewing page or our Politically Incorrect Apparel and Merchandise page or buy anything from Amazon using this link. You can also Sponsor The New Modern Man for as little as $1 a month.
Spread the love
Israel has officially admitted striking targets inside Syria on Thursday. For the first time since the conflict began, the State of Israel has targeted Syria with air strikes. The attack came just as the Syrian government declared a major victory against ISIS.
Israel bombed the Syrian Army–the very ones who are making ISIS collapse all across #Syria–and killed 2 soldiers today. Let that sink in. — Sarah Abdallah (@sahouraxo) September 7, 2017
Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman, in a radio interview, reportedly said of the attack, “We will do everything to prevent the existence of a Shiite corridor from Iran to Damascus,” adding [Israel isn't], “looking for adventures, and we don't want to be dragged into this fight or another.” Furthermore, Lieberman said, “We are determined to prevent our enemies from harming or even creating the possibility of harming the security of Israeli citizens.”
According to ABC News, “Thursday's air raid was seen as a message to both Russia and Iran that Israel can strike anywhere in Syria. It was also a rare instance of Israel striking a Syrian government facility rather than an arms shipment and harked back to an Israeli airstrike that destroyed a suspected, partially constructed nuclear reactor in the eastern city of Deir el-Zour exactly 10 years ago.”
While TFTP reported the April gas attack likely never took place or was staged, a fraud perpetrated by insurgents, the Israelis presumably used the UN report as an impetus for attacking the sovereign state of Syria with guided missiles fired from Lebanese airspace. According to ABC News:
The airstrike targeted a facility near the town of Masyaf, in Hama province, described by some as a missile producing factory.
The factory was reportedly being used by Hezbollah to create surface to surface missiles, presumably the same type used to reign terror into Israel in 2006. “Yaakov Amidror, Israel's former national security adviser and a former general, said the strike targeted a weapons development and manufacturing site that was producing arms for Hezbollah,” wrote ABC News adding, “Former Israeli military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin wrote on Twitter that the facility produces precision missiles, chemical weapons and barrel bombs.”
Syria disputes those assertions and called on the United Nations Security Council to condemn Israel's attack on Syria. They claim it wasn't Hezbollah who was killed but two of their own soldiers. “At 02:42 a.m. on Thursday September, 7th, 2017 , the Israeli warplanes targeted one of the Syrian military positions near Misyaf in Hama province with several missiles, killing two army personnel and causing material damage to the site,” according to a letter addressed to the UN Secretary General written by Syria's Foreign and Expatriates Ministry.
According to the Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA), Israel is supporting the insurgents with both munitions and air support:
The Ministry added that the new Israeli attack aims at raising the morale of its agents represented by the terrorist groups which are carrying out its aggressive agenda
The state-run news agency also claims the air missile attacks were carried out:
in response to the great achievements made by the Syrian Arab army and its allies in their war against terrorism, the last of which is breaking the 3-year ISIS siege of Deir Ezzor city.
SANA also claims it isn't the first time Israel has attacked them and blames the UN and Israel's allies of supporting global terrorism:
The repeated Israeli attacks have become systematic behavior with the aim of protecting Jabhat al-Nusra and ISIS terrorists, said the ministry, noting that it is unacceptable that the UNSC has not taken decisive measures to put an end to such flagrant attacks. It concluded that any attack against the Syrian Arab army forms a direct support to terrorism, taking into account that the Syrian Arab army is fighting terrorism on behalf of the entire world. The Ministry called upon the UNSC and countries which have an influence on the Israeli entity to immediately condemn those attacks and halt them in order to defend security and stability and protect the lives of people all around the world.
Ironically, a Geo-political analyst who goes by the name Partisangirl on Twitter, predicted the attack on Syria by Israel one week ago. They tweeted their prediction and a link to their previous assertion Israel would use a false flag event (April gassing in this case) to launch an attack into Syria.
Hezbollah, one of Israel's mortal enemies, has been fighting with the Assad regime to drive back the Islamic State and opposition fighters who had taken control of large swaths of the country in its 7-year war with extremists. Those extremists are considered terrorists by Assad and their government, yet counted as freedom fighters by the U.S. government who supports them.
We know the U.S. government supports terrorists because two of the nation's members of congress attempted to halt the government's military agenda in Syria by introducing legislation which could have put a stop to funding of financial and material support to extremist groups. Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI) and Rand Paul (R-KY) both introduced legislation to Congress in March called the “Stop Arming Terrorists Act,” a measure which quickly aroused the suspicions of those who've maintained all along the U.S. was fighting a proxy war using terrorists against Assad.
Thursday's attack on Syria came amid Israel's largest military drill in twenty years, according to Al Jazeera. The 10-day drill which started earlier in the week is being held along Lebanon's border, the same area where the 2006 Hezbollah war took place. The attack on Syria and the massive military exercises along Lebanon's border has led many to question if there will be an all out war between Hezbollah and Israel. Kassem Kassir, a Lebanon-based journalist with close ties to Hezbollah, told Al Jazeera:
Based on the information that we have, I think it is improbable that a war would break out, even though there have been several limited attacks by both parties. However, Israel could surprise us with war in the moment we least expect it.
Putting it all into perspective, Assad is working with the Russians, Iranians, and Hezbollah (Lebanese-based fighters) to secure and restore their once prosperous country to manageable levels of peace, security and stability. They're all fighting Islamic State, and other U.S. backed opposition groups identified by the United States as “moderate rebels.” The Syrian government appears to now be winning the war and turning the tide against the Islamic State. Just this week, government forces broke through the the 3-year-long siege of Deir Ezzor, a major city in Syria's Eastern province.
The besieged Brigade 137 airbase was liberated, along with its soldiers, and reunited with fellow comrades who brought 1,000 tons of food, medicine, and educational materials with them for the 70,000 residents who were being held hostage by ISIS. According to the Independent, ISIS is so desperate to replace their human losses they're calling on women to step up and become front-line fighters.
As TFTP reported, the whole Syrian war may once again be a war fought over natural resources. The proposed natural gas pipeline from Qatar to Turkey was reportedly rejected by Assad who prefered to support Russia's financial interests of providing natural gas to Europe, over its own interests in allowing the pipeline to cross its territory.
It's no secret that cartoonish platformers are my favorite type of games. Ratchet & Clank, Jak & Daxter & Sly Cooper were a golden era for gaming. Since the PS2 era, we haven't seen many solid 3D platformers besides Nintendo's annual regurgitated Mario game. We could see a resurgence of this genre with titles like Yooka-Laylee & now Adventure On Clover Island.
Where have I been ladies and gentlemen? Yesterday I came across Adventure On Clover Island & I am T-Martn excited. The game is a 3D platform with an awesome set of characters. The level looks great; graphics are vibrant, and it just looks like light hearted fun. We need more of that in gaming today. Adventure On Clover Island drops late 2016 for PC, PS4 and Xbox. I can't wait!
Bless up!
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved
WKRN web staff - NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - The popular Music City Walk of Fame Park reopened after renovations Thursday in a big way - with Loretta Lynn and their longtime friend and producer, rocker Jack White receiving stars on the walkway.
The ceremony where the two musicians received their stars was held at the beloved Walk of Fame Park, located across from the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in downtown Nashville, at 1 p.m.
The event was free and open to the public. See photos of the event here.
Lynn and White first worked on the Grammy-award winning album "Van Lear Rose" as an experiment in Nashville.
The duo has paired up for several music projects since. Lynn jokingly told the crowd who gathered for the event that no can separate them and White.
"I love Jack White and anybody they do an album on, you will be able to tell it," Lynn said. "That is if they stick to their roots you know. I just think he's great at recording people and he's a great artist of their own."
Lynn and White join the likes of Reba McEntire, Vince Gill and Emmylou Harris, among others who all previously received stars on the Walk of Fame.
In addition to the pair receiving their stars, the special ceremony also included a ribbon cutting of the new park that has been closed for eight months.
Along with the greenery, the biggest change to the park is that the Walk of Fame stars are now on the sidewalk so they will receive more foot-traffic.
By WizardCrab
EDIT: In our original post we misspoke a bit by saying we're adding 10 extra champions to the free rotation that are effective choices for support. As many of you have pointed out, not all of these champions are supports in the classical sense (hi Brand and Zyra!). Nevertheless we included these 10 because they can all be effective options for support and cover a wide range of playstyles, so we've gone back and clarified some of our language in the articles.
Greetings, summoners!
Starting this week, we're trying something a little different by adding ten additional champions to the free rotation that are effective choices for support (for a total of 20). The champs are:
Blitzcrank
Brand
Braum
Janna
Leona Nami
Sona
Taric
Thresh
Zyra
These extra ten champions will remain available for four weeks, while the rest of the rotation continues as normal.
This is basically a little experiment to see if giving players free access to a broader pool of supports improves queue times. For more information, check out Meddler's post on the current state of Support!
Here are this week's free champions:
Blitzcrank - the Great Steam Golem Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Tank Secondary Role Fighter Brand - the Burning Vengeance Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Mage Braum - the Heart of the Freljord Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Tank Janna - the Storm's Fury Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Mage Leona - the Radiant Dawn Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Tank Secondary Role Support Nami - the Tidecaller Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Mage Sona - Maven of the Strings Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Mage Taric - the Shield of Valoran Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Fighter Thresh - the Chain Warden Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Fighter Zyra - Rise of the Thorns Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Mage Secondary Role Support
Cassiopeia - the Serpent's Embrace Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Mage Gangplank - the Saltwater Scourge Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Fighter Jarvan IV - the Exemplar of Demacia Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Tank Secondary Role Fighter Jhin - the Virtuoso Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Marksman Secondary Role Assassin Karma - the Enlightened One Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Mage Secondary Role Support Lucian - the Purifier Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Marksman Master Yi - the Wuju Bladesman Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Assassin Secondary Role Fighter Soraka - the Starchild Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Support Secondary Role Mage Tryndamere - the Barbarian King Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Fighter Secondary Role Assassin Vel'Koz - the Eye of the Void Attack Defense Ability Difficulty Primary Role Mage
Wondering how we picked this week's free champions? Read up on it HERE.
See you on the Fields of Justice!
The delegates to the Paris climate summit reached a historic agreement over the weekend. For the first time, it commits nations to specific reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases, calling for the limitation of global warming to “well below” 2 °C and pledging financial support for the developing nations that will suffer the worst effects of dramatic climate change. Spelled out in a 31-page document that will be published in Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish, the agreement calls for the signatory countries to assess their progress toward emissions reduction goals every five years and adjust their efforts accordingly, while urging increased investment in research and development on clean energy technologies as well as an international fund of $100 billion to help the worst-affected countries adapt and survive. If the Paris agreement is implemented, the world would reach net-zero emissions before the end of this century.
Unfortunately, it also relies on emerging technologies that are barely proven, yet to be successfully commercialized, or downright illusory. Limiting the temperature rise to 2 °C or less is likely to require dramatic advances in three critical technologies: energy storage, advanced nuclear reactors, and carbon capture and storage. The first two are feasible given massive investment in both basic science and commercialization. The last is probably not.
Grid-scale energy storage is critical to moving from baseload power supplied by fossil-fuel plants to a grid powered by intermittent renewable sources such as wind and solar. The International Energy Agency has calculated that in order for the electricity sector to fully decarbonize, an additional 310 gigawatts of grid-connected energy storage will need to be deployed in the United States, Europe, China, and India. In 2014, according to GTM Research, the U.S. deployed less than 100 megawatts of grid energy storage. Total new deployments in the five major countries of the Asia-Pacific region—the fastest-growing electricity markets in the world—will reach only 37 gigawatts over the next 10 years, according to Navigant Research.
This year has seen major advances in the manufacture of high-capacity, low-cost lithium-ion batteries and progress toward new chemistries that offer even higher performance at lower costs (See “Aquion Founder Jay Whitacre on the ‘Miracle Technology' in Batteries”). But effective energy storage at the grid scale remains far too expensive in the near term.
As a group of climate scientists headed by James Hansen, formerly of NASA, said in a statement released before the Paris talks, “There is no credible path to climate stabilization that does not include a substantial role for nuclear power.” The International Energy Agency says that worldwide nuclear capacity must more than double by 2050 in order to achieve the 2 °C target. And in many ways, the prospects for commercializing advanced nuclear technology, such as compact fast reactors and molten-salt reactors, have never been brighter; 2015 saw a number of milestones for new reactor developers, including a White House summit in October at which President Obama pledged new support for nuclear R&D and a streamlined path to licensing for innovative reactor designs by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (see “White House Strikes a Blow for Advanced Nuclear Reactors,” “Experiments Start on a Meltdown-Proof Nuclear Reactor,” and “Advanced Reactor Gets Closer to Reality”). There are now nearly 50 companies in North America working on advanced nuclear reactor technologies, backed by more than $1.3 billion in private capital, according to Third Way, a research organization based in Washington, D.C.
But new nuclear plants remain more expensive than new natural-gas plants or even solar farms. And while major reactor-building programs are under way in China, India, and other energy-strapped countries, the heralded nuclear renaissance has been postponed in the U.S. by investors' reluctance to fund new reactors in the face of high capital costs, poor returns, public fears, and the unsolved problem of waste disposal. Western European countries are abandoning nuclear power, not building new reactors.
Both of those technologies are sure bets, though, compared with carbon capture. According to the IEA's road map for carbon capture and storage, we must remove and store more than two billion metric tons of carbon dioxide per year from smokestacks by 2030 in order to avoid catastrophic warming, and seven billion metric tons by 2050. Barring a major technological advance that is not currently foreseeable, those targets are unreachable. According to the Global CCS Institute, there are 22 significant carbon capture and storage projects under way around the world, with the capacity to sequester a total of 40 million metric tons of carbon dioxide per year. Several major projects, including the $1.65 billion FutureGen project in the U.S. and a billion-pound ($1.5 billion) CCS project led by the U.K. government, have been scrapped. Simply put, the technology for separating carbon dioxide from power-plant emissions—not to mention the infrastructure to transport it and store it underground—is too expensive and too cumbersome for commercial deployment. While there is intriguing research going on, there is no prospect on the immediate horizon for making it economical.
Equally fanciful are visions of “afforestation”—planting large forests to remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere. The Australian climate scientist and author Tim Flannery has estimated that it would take a forest four times the size of the Australian continent to make even a small dent in atmospheric carbon. In its 2014 Emissions Gap Report, the U.N.'s Environmental Panel came to a similar conclusion: “Theoretically, carbon uptake or net negative emissions could be achieved by extensive reforestation and forest growth, or by schemes that combine bioenergy use with carbon capture and storage. But the feasibility of such large-scale schemes is still uncertain.”
That means any international climate scheme founded on these technologies is uncertain at best. It's entirely reasonable to hope for rapid advances in energy storage and nuclear power over the next couple of decades. But if we rely on capturing carbon from power plants and removing it from the atmosphere to accomplish our climate goals, those hopes are likely to be dashed.
ATHENS ― Auburn coach Gus Malzahn had just wrapped up an on-field interview with CBS after their team routed Georgia, when they turned to someone off camera and made a crack.
“We whipped the dog crap out of them, didn't we?” Malzahn said, according to video posted on SEC Country.
Auburn did indeed beat Georgia by a wide margin, 40-17, providing a reality check to the formerly No. 1-ranked Bulldogs.
Georgia coach Kirby Smart was asked to respond to the comment at their news conference on Monday.
“I'll be honest with you, I think when you perform the way they did on the field, you earn the right to say really whatever you want,” Smart said. “I don't get into what Gus says, and they probably don't get into what I say.”
Georgia and Auburn could meet again in the SEC Championship Game on Dec. 2. Georgia already has clinched a spot by winning the SEC East. Auburn needs to beat Alabama on Nov. 25 to win the SEC West.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the United States will continue the process of withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement, unless "we can re-enter on terms that are more favorable to our country." | Evan Vucci/AP White House denies backtracking on Paris pact withdrawal
The White House denied Saturday that the administration was backtracking on its long-held plans to withdraw from the Paris climate deal.
"There has been no change in the United States' position on the Paris agreement. As the President has made abundantly clear, the United States is withdrawing unless we can re-enter on terms that are more favorable to our country,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders, in a statement.
Story Continued Below
The denial came after the Wall Street Journal reported that a White House senior official, Everett Eissenstat, had told people at a meeting of energy ministers in Montreal that the administration may revise or craft a new climate deal and emissions standards rather than pull out altogether, according to a top European energy official cited by the Journal.
As recently as early August, the White House signaled its intent to continue the process of withdrawal by delivering an official notice to the United Nations vis-à-vis the State Department.
President Donald Trump announced their intentions to withdraw the U.S. from the agreement in June during a speech in the Rose Garden — though under the terms of the original deal, the U.S. cannot fully withdraw until Nov. 4, 2020.
The president also indicated at that time that they would be open to re-entering the climate pact if they believed the United States could get out of it what Trump deemed a better deal.
The State Department announced last month that the U.S. would continue participating in international climate change negotiations, including talks aimed at implementing the Paris pact, "to protect U.S. interests and ensure all future policy options remain open to the administration."
Since then, the international community has largely been left in the dark about the United States' plans. Foreign diplomats have long suspected that the U.S. will ultimately remain in the agreement, while weakening former President Barack Obama's pledge to cut domestic emissions 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Diplomats have been buzzing about this weekend's climate meeting in Montreal, where energy ministers were set to discuss the climate deal.
An international official familiar with the meeting told POLITICO earlier Saturday that Eissenstat, the No. 2 official on the National Economic Council, told diplomats during a closed-door meeting that the U.S. was mulling plans to remain in the Paris deal and to rethink Obama's climate pledge.
But White House officials strongly denied that.
Another White House official said Saturday diplomats were mischaracterizing Eissenstat's comments.
A second, non-U.S. attendee at this weekend's meeting also said Eissenstat's comments were being misconstrued. The attendee, who witnessed their comments in person, said Eissenstat simply reiterated the administration's existing position, which is that the U.S. will continue to engage in climate talks with an eye toward reaching a better deal.
"He basically repeated exactly the State Department press release from August," the person said, referring to a recent statement from the department outlining its intention to eventually withdraw, but continue participating in Paris discussions. "This is being misreported. Unhelpfully so I think."
The news comes as National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn is set to meet with foreign officials in New York City on Monday to discuss climate and energy issues ahead of the United Nations General Assembly.
Dragon Ball Z is an anime that almost 90s kids loved. Not only did it achieve legendary status in Japan; DBZ catapulted the Anime genre in the West. But was it that perfect show we all thought it was as kids? Certainly not. Whether or not our standards for entertainment were lower in our younger years or that fact that we have so much choice of anime now days; it's definitely safe to say DBZ did have its flaws. And since everyone loves lists….
1: Frieza is DBZ's Greatest Villain
This day everyone seems to love their villains just as much as their heroes. Look out character like The Joker or Loki. Just as loved as their hero counterparts. Names like Broly, Kid Buu and Cell first come to mind when it comes to DBZ's most popular villians. However, did you ever consider that maybe, just maybe Frieza is the epitome of DBZ villains?
Here me out. You're supposed to hate the villian, you're supposed to want the villians to lose and while anti-heroes such as Broly and Vegeta and even Cell have their legions of fans (strictly in the Vegeta camp here); nobody like Frieza. They have this ability to fabricate anyone and everyone into forgetting their own problems and focusing all their hate of them instead. That's why Frieza is the ultimate DBZ villian.
While Kid Buu was just a brainless brute Frieza knew exactly what they were doing when they were enslaving entire planets for decades. Frieza had played the strings in the heroes' lives from the very start. Goku's landing on Earth, Gohan being forced into fighting, Vegeta being the way they are; some many lives were affected because of Frieza's own greed.  They are the corrupt politician, the slave trader, the racist, the remorseless tyrant. Despite not being human; what Frieza represents is the very worst of humanity.
2: DBZ should have ended after the Frieza Saga
Controversial I know but… did you know Dragon Ball Z was supposed to end at the conclusion of the Frieza saga? When considering everything that happened in the world of Dragon Ball by the end of Frieza's arc everything had come around full circle. Questions asked from the very beginning of the Dragon Ball anime such as Goku and Piccolo's origins as well as the origins of the Dragon Balls themselves had finally been answered.
As mentioned before, Frieza's actions contributed to the show long before they made an appearance. DBZ often dealt in escalation. The show started off with the gang chasing the Dragon Balls for trivial desires and by the Piccolo Frieza Sagas they needed them to save their fallen friends. Once Goku fought for the honor of their school and once Goku once fought to protect to save the plaent Earth and now they were fighting to save the entire universe. How exactly do you escalate from the entire universe?
3: Too many Super Sayians
The Super Sayian was supposed to be a legend that only occurred once every thousand years. Well, Toriyama cr*ped all over that as DBZ became The Super Sayian Show. It's literally the first thing you think about when you think of DBZ. Goku, in order to save their friends, the Dragon Balls, the honor of their people and ultimately the entire universe from this remorseless dictator; had to fulfill an ancient prophecy of a extinct race that hadn't occurred in over a millennium to a point it was passed off as a myth. That was a cause worthy of becoming that legend.
But then everyone else and their uncle eventually became a Super Sayian to the point were it was no longer special but rather a standard requirement that everyone eligible had to have. It really cheapened its “legendary status”. And once Super Sayians came into play; the others Z Fighters had no chance of keeping up. Even Piccolo eventually became useless
4: Everyone does the same thing
“There are things that only I can do and there are things only you can do.” That is one of my favourite quote from the anime One Piece. A perpetual theme in One Piece is that no one person can do everything. And Luffy's friends make up for what they themselves cannot do. Each of team being picked for said purpose. Each of them have a role of play earning their presence in the show. While not being a traditional fighter, Usopp had to be reminded that even they have a role to play.
On the other hand, in Dragon Ball Z, everyone does the same thing. Goku, Gohan, Picoolo, everyone. Martial arts, ki blasts and little else. When one person is the best at this one thing, no one else has nothing to offer. For example what does Krillin offer than Goku already doesn't? That's why so many characters spending their days sitting idle at Kame House.
5: Dragon Ball Z lost its way
Using One Piece again as an example, One-Piece set a clear goal from the very beginning and that goal has remained the same throughout the entire series. To find the treasure “One Piece”. Even after a main arc, Luffy would only be a step close to their true goal as so the story has an already-made reason to continue.
Dragon Ball Z never had this. It was more of a stop and start anime especially after the Frieza saga. It is very much because a case of waiting for the next big-bad villain to show up every time the current one had been defeated but after a while that just becomes mundane. Like Dragon Ball GT.
While this article may lead you to think otherwise; I do love Dragon Ball. Manga and Anime will forever be in debt to Dragon Ball. Shows such as One Piece, Naruto and Bleach were all inspired by DBZ in some way or another. While Dragon Ball Z wasn't perfect we all still love it!
Advertisements
This article is about the experimental trainset. For other uses, see Aerotrain (disambiguation)
Aérotrain I80 prototype, 1974
A remaining section of the Aérotrain track near Saran, 2006
The Aérotrain was an experimental Tracked Air Cushion Vehicle (TACV), or hovertrain, developed in France from 1965 to 1977 under the engineering leadership of Jean Bertin (1917-1975) — and intended to bring the French rail network to the cutting edge of land-based public transportation.[1]
Though similar to a maglev design, which levitates a train car over a complex electromagnetic track to eliminate all resistance other than aerodynamic drag, the Aérotrain — also a "train without wheels"[2] — rode on an air cushion over a simple reinforced concrete track or guideway and could travel at unprecedented speed, without the further technical complexity and expense of the maglev track. In many respects, the entire concept resembled a product of the aircraft rather than rail industry.[2]
Impressed by the Aérotrain, a U.S. company, Rohr Industries, Inc., licensed the technology in 1969 to build the hovertrains in the United States. That same year the Aérotrain established the world record for a TACV, the pilots saying that with a longer track even higher speeds could have been reached without major difficulties.[2] The final prototype, the Aérotrain I80, set a world speed record in 1974 for overland air cushion vehicles, reaching a speed of 259.5 miles per hour and a peak speed of 267.4 miles per hour.[3] The prototypes, which ultimately used twin turbine engines through a ducted propeller with seven blades, demonstrated they could accelerate and decelerate quickly, which offered a huge advantage of enabling effective service between tightly spaced stops.[4]
US Secretary of Transportation John Volpe, the mayor of Los Angeles and representatives and transportation specialists from over 18 countries came to France and participated in test rides, studied the system and reported on the Aérotrain.[2] Bertin felt the technology was sufficiently realized for full implementation, and the French government signed a contract to implement full-scale service on the outskirts of Paris, between Cergy and La Défense. The Aérotrain nonetheless ran into increasing internal conflicts with its client SNCF, which had no research and development department of its own[2] and strongly favored improving the existing rail system.
Aérotrain faced numerous design challenges. The system would require new elevated guideways for every implementation — further pitting Aérotrain against efforts to improve existing "wheeled" rail system. Bertin's Versailles-based companies, Bertin and Co. and Aeroglide Systems, Inc., worked to resolve issues with sudden changes in air pressure, as when the train would pass another train or enter a tunnel.[5] Prototypes used gas turbines with giant propellers, which created tremendous noise both inside and outside the train car itself — and thus required reduced speeds in urban areas.[4] SNCF felt they already had trains that could run at those reduced speeds. Proponents pointed out electric linear induction motors could make the TACV silent. Eventually SNCF simply opposed the project, citing a broad litany of concerns.[4]
In 1974, after their election as President of France, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing formally annulled the contract for the Aérotrain Cergy-La Défense line[6] and SNCF formally shifted support to the Train à Grande Vitesse (TGV) as its high-speed ground-transportation solution. Notably, D'Estaing's wife was the granddaughter of Eugène Schneider, founder of what became an international syndicate, Schneider Group. Noted Belgian journalist Karel Vereycken pointed out: "the Schneider dynasty have been and are still a pillar of the history of the French railroad and steel industry. Hence, the innovation of the Aérotrain (to be built by the aircraft industry) would not, in the short run, have made them more wealthy and one can easily imagine that a train without wheels does not get much enthusiastic approval of the feudal wheel producers." Rohr abandoned the technology in 1975.
Jean Bertin, suffering with cancer and overworked after a decade of effort, died in December 1975. The I-80 Aérotrain made its last trip on December 27, 1977. On July 17, 1991, the S-44 Aérotrain prototype was destroyed by fire in its storage facility at Gometz-la-Ville and in 1992 the I-80 prototype was destroyed in Chevilly by arson.[2] Of the four prototypes that had been built, the last two remain stored in France.[7]
Jean Bertin's company, now Bertin Technologies, remains in business, focusing on aerospace, defense, and transportation sectors. Outside Orleans, the remains of the abandoned and partially-demolished, elevated concrete test track remain to this day, easily visible from the parallel SNCF Paris-Orleans TGV route.[2]
Test tracks [ edit ]
Aérotrain prototype #02
Prototype 02 of the aérotrain at an exhibition at Saran, 2009; rear view
Prototype 02 of the aérotrain at an exhibition at Saran, 2009; front view
A remaining section of the Aérotrain track in the forest of Orléans near Saran, 2006
Saran Aérotrain rail
Aérotrain guideway at Chevilly
Most of the track for the Aérotrain was constructed of ferroconcrete to provide an inverted "T" shape for the monorail, with the tracks ultimately used only experimental purposes.
The first test track was 6.7 kilometres (4.2 mi) long and was built in February 1966 in Gometz-le-Châtel, Essonne, France, for Aérotrains 01 and 02, re-using an abandoned railway formation. The track is visible today, partially demolished for urban expansion, with most of the remaining track in ruins. A section was kept and restored as a memorial at a roundabout in Gometz.
A second track made of aluminium and asphalt was built in 1969 for Aérotrain prototype S44 in Gometz-le-Châtel, built meters away and parallel to the first track. The aluminium guide rail was disposed of after the tests, the rest of the asphalt track was kept intact and converted into a pedestrian path in 2008 and 2009.
In 1969, a third, 18 km test track was built to test Aérotrain prototype I80. This test track was in Loiret, France, north from Orléans, stretching between Saran and Ruan, a location that would enable it to be used in a future Paris-Orléans line. The track was elevated 5 m above the ground, was supported by pillars and allowed speeds of 400 kilometres per hour (250 mph). A platform stood at each end of the line to reverse the train, while a hangar on the central platform at Chevilly housed the test vehicle. This line, while abandoned, became a famous landmark subject to disputes over its visual condition after the end of the Aérotrain programme — and remains today, visible to the east of RN20 and the Paris-Orléans railway line. [8]
Until 1974, a fourth, 2.4 km (1.5 mile) test track was to be found at the High Speed Ground Test Center near Pueblo, Colorado in the United States. This test track was built for the UTACV prototype. Due to its length, it was suited only for a top speed of 233 km/h (145 mph).[9]
Prototypes [ edit ]
Five prototypes were built:
The Rohr Aerotrain [ edit ]
In 1970, Rohr Industries decided to develop a tracked air-cushion vehicle as part of a project by the Urban Mass Transit Administration (UMTA) to sponsor development of new mass-transit technology to meet future transit requirements.[11]
The Rohr prototype, officially called the Urban Tracked Air Cushion Vehicle (UTACV)[12] and colloquially the Rohr Aerotrain, was propelled by linear motor and was designed to carry 60 passengers at 240 km/h (150 mph).[9] It had a length of 28 m (94 ft) and an empty weight of 20.8 tonnes (20,800 kg, 46,000 pounds).
A test track was built in Pueblo, Colorado, where the prototype reached speeds of 233 kilometres per hour (145 mph), constrained by the length of track. Funding from UMTA ceased and the Rohr Industries Aérotrain was never commercialized. The Rohr prototype Aérotrain remained on the premises of the Pueblo Weisbrod Aircraft Museum from approximately 1978 until July 2009, whereupon it was moved to the Pueblo Railway museum.[13][14][15] The museum plans to open an Aérotrain exhibit within the test vehicle.[16]
Timeline [ edit ]
1963 — Jean Bertin presents a 1/12 scale model, 1.4 meters in length, to the public authorities and to SNCF.
15 April 1965 — Creation of the Société d'étude de l'Aérotrain (Company for the study of the Aérotrain).
(Company for the study of the Aérotrain). 16 December 1965 — Completion of the construction of the first prototype, Aérotrain 01.
21 February 1966 — Official inauguration in Seine-et-Oise (but now in Essonne) of the 6.7 km trial track for Aérotrain 01 between Gometz-le-Châtel and Limours (on the abandoned easement of the Paris-Chartres via Gallardon line). That day, in front of the press, Aérotrain 01 reached 100 km/h. Days later it reached 200 km/h.
23 December 1966 — An added rocket provides a combined power of 1,700 horsepower (1,300 kW), the Aérotrain 01 reached a speed of 303 km/h.
1 November 1967 — Equipped with a jet engine, Aérotrain 01 reached a speed of 345 km/h. [10]
1967 — Construction of Aérotrain 02. [10]
May 1967 — Tests start with Aérotrain 02 on the Gometz-le-Châtel trial track, 300 km/h is attained.
22 January 1969 — With an added rocket, Aérotrain 02 reaches the record speed of 422 km/h. [10]
1969 — Construction of an experimental 18 km track between Ruan, to the north of Artenay, and Saran (Orléans) in the Loiret.
7 July 1969 — The Aérotrain I80 prototype for 250 km/h is presented to the public.
September 1969 — Tests start with Aérotrain I80 on the Orléans test track. 250 km/h attained on 13 September.
1969 — Construction of the Aérotrain S44. In tests from December 1969 to January 1972, it achieved 170 km/h on a 3 km-long test track.
7 March 1970 — Release of a postage stamp honoring the Aérotrain.
1970 — Rohr Industries starts the construction of the UTACV prototype in the United States.
October 1973 — Reconstruction of the Aérotrain I80 for 350 km/h as the I80 HV.
1974 — The government abandons the project for the construction of an Aérotrain line between the Orly and Roissy airports for another between La Défense and Cergy in the Paris metropolitan area.
5 March 1974 — The Aérotrain I80 HV breaks the land speed record for rail vehicles for air-cushioned vehicles at 430.4 km/h.
21 June 1974 — The contract for a commercial line between La Défense and Cergy is signed.
17 July 1974 — The government abandons the La Défense-Cergy project.
September 1975 — Announcement of a TGV line to be constructed between Paris and Lyon.
1974 — Testing with the Rohr Industries UTACV prototype at the High Speed Ground Test Center near Pueblo, Colorado, begins.
October 1975 — The Rohr Industries UTACV prototype is mothballed after funding for the programme runs out.
21 December 1975 — Jean Bertin dies.
17 July 1991 — A fire destroys the Aérotrain S44 in its hangar at Gometz.
22 March 1992 — A fire destroys the Aérotrain I80 HV and the hangar at Chevilly. After clean-up operations, only the platform is left.
July 2004 — The memory of the trials on the Gometz line is commemorated by the dedication of a roundabout in Gometz and a sculpture by Georges Saulterre representing the Aérotrain.
February 2007 — A 120-meter-long section of track is demolished north of the Chevilly to make way for the new A19 highway.
Other experimental hovercraft trains [ edit ]
Grumman also developed an air-cushion transportation prototype (also known as tracked air cushion vehicle or TACV), tested within the same facility in Pueblo, which also stopped when UMTA funding ceased in the 1970s.
In Britain a similar technology was developed under the name of Tracked Hovercraft.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
It happened last year. It's not something I like to talk about, but I feel like I owe it to every victim of harassment ever. I guess in this case, one particular person especially. But before we get to that, I'll tell you about a joke I did for a very long time.
I'd been using this bit as my closer for months. It's a call back to another joke where I talk about a status update someone posted on Facebook which was, "I dropped my apple today. It's gunna be one of those days!" Which is a ridiculous status update. That is a normal day. Why are you making your day out to be the worst? It's dumb and made me laugh, but I digress.
My friends had given me two "gifts" around the same time I told that joke. My boyfriend had given me a rape whistle (thanks?) and my friend had given me a pocketknife with my name on it. When I tried to open the pocket knife for the first time, I couldn't get it open. I thought, "Yikes. If I ever needed this in an emergency, I'd be screwed!" And so my closer was born.
I would explain to the audience that I had received these gifts, but I was having problems with the pocket knife. Then I'd say, "This is what would happen if I were to get attacked right now." I would then shout "PREDATOR!", blow into the whistle and start fidgeting with the knife. While I struggled with the knife and turned my back to the audience, I'd make a motion with my hand as though I was pushing the "predator's" hand away from my backside, all while still blowing on the very loud whistle. When the whistling stopped I would say (while making a computer typing motion), "I got raped today... it's gonna be one of those days!"
It was a joke that worked 100 percent of the time.
I reasoned that the joke wasn't about rape, but instead about how hilarious it would be if I got attacked and couldn't fight back.
Guys, I know. I am the one typing this. I know how awful this is.
Cut to: October 2012. I'm doing a show in Calgary, and I am having a super fun show in which my dad and their friends are in attendance. I'm asking people in the front row how old they were when they lost their virginities. I turn to one particular couple who have been smiling and enjoying themselves. I first ask the man, they laugh and reveals they were 15. "Holy crap! So young!" I say. I turn to the girl and ask them the same question. They respond with, "I don't really want to talk about it."
Before I could even think about what was coming out of my mouth, I say, "What... were you raped?"
And then they nod them head.
And then everything inside of me wanted to be on the outside.
"Oh God. This is so awkward," I say quietly into the microphone. And then I move on with my jokes as I feel my whole face fill with blood. I was saying words, but wasn't really paying attention to what it is I was saying.
I am a monster, everyone. Who asks someone that? Who would ask someone that with the intent of making a joke out of it? This was my Michael Richards moment and this is the lowest I have ever felt in all of my life.
I continued my show. I thankfully only had about five minutes left. Five minutes - "I can do this," I thought. Until I thought about my closer in which I say, "I got raped today. It's gunna be one of those days!"
My brain scrambled to try and think of an alternate ending. I think I ended up saying something like, "I was murdered today. It's gunna be one of those days." And then I rushed off the stage and straight out the exit doors and shouted, "WHAT THE FUCK??" I walked around the hotel, breathing deeply, almost in tears. I am a monster.
I ran into some audience members who were outside smoking. "Great job!!" they say. I say "thanks," keep my head down and reenter the hotel. I run into another comedian, "great job!" they say.
"Did you not just see what happened??" I blurt out.
"What? No? What happened?"
I re-tell them the living nightmare that (I believe) everyone has just witnessed on stage.
"What? I was at the back of the room and didn't hear that. I don't think anyone but you and the front row heard it."
I run back into the club, talk to the server that is waiting on their table and say, "Please send them both drinks. Give them whatever they want and I will pay for it."
I huddle in the back of the room with the rest of the comics for the remainder of the show, waiting impatiently for the show to finish so that I can rectify the situation. When it finally ends, 45 minutes later, I make a beeline for their table. I start apologizing profusely to them.
"I am so sorry. Oh my God. I am so sorry. I don't know why I said that, it just came out. I would never say that -- I -- oh God. I am so sorry."
"We saw this coming," the man responds with a smile on their face. They however, looks slightly more dejected.
"I truly am so sorry."
"It's okay," they respond, a little softer when they recognize (I hope) my genuine guttural heartache about what has just happened. I notice that they have been sipping on a mini-pitcher of alcohol. Thank you, Jesus.
"We'll be in the sports bar if you want to join us," the guy says after I hug their girlfriend for what may have been an uncomfortably long time.
I feel a little better about everything, but it's not me that matters in this situation.
What I did was wrong. There is no excuse for it. It wasn't funny. No one gained anything from it (aside from me who learned a very important lesson.) I sometimes think about all the other women I likely offended in different audiences. It makes me feel sick and sad. And angry at myself. I wish I could go back in time and take it all back.
I, personally, will never tell another rape joke. Because I have no idea what that is like. I can't even begin to imagine the damage that that does to a person. The damage that I caused to a person will stay with me for the rest of my life. As embarrassed as I am about it happening, I'd rather help educate others by talking about it so that we can prevent it from happening again. The only way we will ever "beat" rape culture is by being vocal about it.
I believe comedians should be able to talk about whatever they want. Freedom of speech is everything. But be funny, be educated and be sensitive to the fact that not everyone will find what you are saying funny, and some may even find it offensive.
I had an idea for a long time. Well, my ubunt-o-friends always tell me that Ubuntu is easier because it has Software Center.Well, I tell them that we have YaST and everything we do, it's through YaST. If something isn't there, there's always the magic URL:So I thought why don't create a cool "search engine" with goodies? Since I'm not the perfect guy to do it, I tried to create something using epiphany. As far as I know, epiphany has the feature to save a URL as Web application. So what I did was that:1. Open this URL2. Save as web application.3. Save the icon and the name you prefer. I saved it as market.4. Now search for market.5. Search what you want and install it using the feature one click install that YaST provides us.
In July, Syrian rebel lobbyists reported that the Obama Administration had told them they would not be able to intervene in a serious way until after the November election. The vote's over and now the meddling can begin in earnest.
That's the message from US officials tonight, who say the president is now considering several options for deeper intervention into the ever worsening civil war, including the possibility of directly arming certain rebel factions.
Up until now the US has just been playing the role of facilitator, with the CIA smuggling other nations' arms into Syria for them through various intermediaries. Officials say no decision has been made yet on whether or not to move directly into arms supplying.
If the decision is made, it will make the question of which factions to arm all the more difficult, as the US at present maintains at least a level of deniability in its current smuggling. With various groups vying to be the Western-friendly “umbrella,” and myriad secular and Islamist factions on the ground, it will be an uphill battle for the US to convince the world it isn't arming terrorists.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Randall Woodfin, Birmingham's 30th mayor, makes an annual salary of $107,973.
Most of their executive leadership team, however, takes home more money than the mayor, according to information provided by the mayor's office.
Birmingham Mayor-elect Woodfin names executive leadership team Two weeks ahead of their inauguration, Birmingham Mayor-elect Randall Woodfin on Tuesday named the members of their executive leadership team.
Here are the salaries of Woodfin's executive staff members:
Sylvia Bowen, executive administrator: $70,000
Nicole King, city attorney: $165,000
Cedric Sparks, chief of staff: $160,000
Ed Fields, senior advisor and chief strategist: $160,000
Kevin Moore, chief operating officer: $160,000
Kelvin Datcher, director of intergovernmental affairs: $105,000
Woodfin announced on Dec. 14 that two long-time Birmingham media personalities would take the helm of the Mayor's Office of Public Information. Rick Journey will make a salary of $105,000 as director of communications. Chanda Temple who started in their post as public information officer today makes a salary of $95,000.
Woodfin was sworn in to office on Nov. 28. They defeated incumbent William Bell in the Oct. 3 run off election.
The strangest V.C Andrews fact is that their books have continued to churn out, nearly 30 years after their death. (Thanks, ghostwriter Andrew Neiderman.) But for this list, we're reaching back to Andrews' own work — because those nuggets of Gothic fantasy are, and always will be, the weirdest.
1. Hot-tar haircut, Flowers in the Attic
The only thing Andrews' books have in common with today's most popular YA novels is the theme of survival, by any means necessary. But Flowers in the Attic doesn't take place in a dystopian future; its drama unfolds in the attic of a mansion filled with anger, lies, incest, child abuse, and murder (did anyone who read that book ever look at powdered-sugar donuts the same?)
Oldest sister Cathy is perfecting their ballet technique and getting it on with their brother, Chris. But then their long, blonde hair incites the ire of their cruel grandmother, who drugs them and slathers their hair in hot tar. They could have just chopped off our fair hero's locks with scissors (which eventually has to happen anyway), but that wouldn't have been dramatic enough, would it?
2. Starving kid drinks blood, Flowers in the Attic
Back to cheery Foxworth Hall for this one. When Grandma cuts off the attic food supply, Chris and Cathy are forced to get gruesomely creative to feed their malnourished younger twin siblings. The only options are to eat the mice they're sharing quarters with ... or eat each other. Even Andrews isn't dark enough to push their characters into cannibalism, but the Dollanganger kids come mighty close when Chris opens a vein and lets the little ones drink their blood.
Advertisement
3. Cathy's son is possessed by their great-grandfather's evil spirit, If There Be Thorns
After the events of Flowers sequel Petals on the Wind, which follows the Dollanganger siblings following their attic escape (to recap: the twin that survived the attic, Carrie, kills herself; Cathy becomes a ballerina and has multiple marriages and affairs but all the men die; Chris becomes a doctor and pines, Lannister-like, for their sister), If There Be Thorns is almost low-key. Almost.
Advertisement
Thorn focuses on Cathy's two sons, particularly the more troubled younger one, Bart. Bart befriends the MYSTERIOUS OLD WOMAN NEXT DOOR, and their evil butler, who reveals the woman's identity (duh, it's Chris and Cathy's mother) and gives the boy a journal that belonged to Malcolm Foxworth, their woman-hatin' great-grandfather.
We never really got to know Malcolm while they were alive — other than that he's the reason the kids have to be stashed in the attic, because if they find out about ‘em, Mama Dollanganger will lose their inheritance — but he's plenty sinister from beyond the grave. The power of their words is so great that nine-year-old Bart experiences a violent, Damien-in-The-Omen personality shift, going so far as to attempt to drown their adopted sister in their kiddie pool.
Advertisement
4. Bart becomes a televangelist, Seeds of Yesterday
Hey, it was a glamorous thing to do in the 1980s! Their career change comes after they build a complete replica of mansion/prison Foxworth Hall — one of many buildings that burns down, conveniently taking out a major character or two as the series progresses. Other recurring themes in Andrews books, besides incest and religious fervor: 1) accidents that leave the victim paralyzed; 2) breast cancer; 3) extreme wealth vs. extreme poverty; 4) ballet; 5) twins. The first two directly relate to Andrews' own experiences, since they themselves was confined to a wheelchair due to rheumatoid arthritis, and battled breast cancer until their death in late 1986.
5. A desperate father sells their children for $500 apiece, Heaven
Luke Casteel might've been West Virginia “hill scum,” but dammit, they were resourceful! Also, fertile, which meant their scheme to sell off their five children — including the daughter, Heaven, who reminded them of their dearly departed first wife — for $500 a pop yielded them plenty of moonshine money.
Advertisement
6. Heaven's brother Tom is mauled by a tiger, Dark Angel
A lot of crazy stuff happens in the Heaven sequel, which echoes the events of the Flowers series in so many ways. There's a rich family with a fancily-named estate and a twisted past, nobody's parentage is what it seems to be, forbidden affairs and attractions abound, etc. etc. But absolutely nothing happens in any Andrews book, ever, to rival the moment when Heaven's beloved half-brother is ripped to pieces while rushing to help Luke from a rampaging animal while both are working at the circus. It's kinda Heaven's fault, for distracting their father while pulling a move from Cathy Dollanganger's playbook: dressing up exactly like their dead mother. But still. Death by tiger mauling, in a book set largely in the West Virginia mountains.
Advertisement
7. Audrina's father tries to force their daughter to become their dead older sister, My Sweet Audrina
Andrews' epic, soap opera-tastic standalone novel packs every flavor of darkness imaginable into its pages. It's a page-turning smorgasbord of horrifying tragedy, jaw-dropping cruelty, and insane mind-fuckery. In other words, it might be Andrews' greatest achievement as an author, other than popularizing the book-cover style that consisted of a “keyhole” front, with a cutout that opened to reveal a lurid painting of faces beneath.
Advertisement
It focuses on a young girl named Audrina whose older sister, also named Audrina, is dead, but is otherwise superior to Audrina #2 in every way. Desperate to bring “the first and best Audrina” back to life, Audrina's father encourages them to hang out in the dead girl's room, rock in their chair, and, like, absorb them essence:
I squeezed my eyes shut and heard the wind chimes clamoring louder, much louder now... I told myself, as I'd told myself before, that there was nothing to be afraid of. The dead couldn't harm anyone. But if they couldn't—why was I so terrified? I heard Papa's soft voice outside the locked door. “You do have their gifts, Audrina, you do...” “Papa,” I wailed for one last time, “please don't make me...” “Oh,” they said heavily, sighing, “why do I have to force you? Why can't you just believe? Lean back in the rocker, put your head against the high back, hold the chair arms and begin to rock. Sing if it helps to wash your mind clean of fear, of worries, of desires and emotions. Sing and sing until you become an empty pitcher...” Oh, yes, I'd heard this before. I knew what they were doing. They were trying to turn me into the First Audrina...
Advertisement
8. The OMFG twist in My Sweet Audrina
In the book's final moments — after, let's see, births, deaths, broken bones, seductions and tender love affairs, poisonous sibling rivalry, people being pushed down the stairs, nightmares, post-traumatic rape flashbacks, miscarriages, suicides, at least one coma, and so much more — we learn that there was only one Audrina all along. ONLY ONE AUDRINA! Even if we suspected all along (which, OK, we all did), it's a bombshell turn of events that neither the Casteels nor the Dollangangers, for all their own insanities, could hope to live up to. Slow clap for that one, V.C.
Sources: VC Andrews wiki; Wikipedia; The Complete VC Andrews; Biography
Images: Kikn; eBay; eBay
Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech will not be departing the club in the summer according to the Czech international's agent.
The 34-year-old has underwhelmed for the Gunners in recent months, at one point going eight league games in a row without a clean sheet between October and December. Most recently, their error gifted Cesc Fabregas a chance to net Chelsea's third goal against Arsenal in a 3-1 win.
The former Chelsea man has also come under scrutiny for allowing soft goals, while a section of Arsenal fans are not pleased that Cech has faced seven penalties (eight in their Gunners career) this season and is yet to save a single one.
Cech's form has sparked rumours that manager Arsene Wenger is looking for a replacement with the likes of Joe Hart and Jordan Pickford touted as possible signings.
The goalkeeper's agent Viktor Kolar, however, insists their client — whose contract expires in 2019 — will not be leaving the Emirates Stadium this summer.
"Petr's position at the club is secure and a summer transfer can be ruled out," Kolar said in a statement.
"Petr will be part of Arsenal until at least the end of their current contract."
Former Arsenal goalkeeper, David Seaman jumped to the defence of Cech, calling recent criticism a surprise.
"It is a surprise. For me, this season they have been really consistent. They have had made some big saves," Seaman said on talkSPORT.
"You look at the goals people are questioning and I don't see a lot wrong."
Even though the Arsenal legend did not think Cech needed to go, they thought Hart – currently on loan at Torino – would be an ideal replacement if ever there was a need of one.
"I think a lot of clubs will go for Joe because they are a quality goalkeeper and it was a massive shock in the summer when they left Manchester City," added Seaman.
"If the situation arises where Arsenal are looking for a goalkeeper then I can't see a better replacement than Joe Hart."
NASA Ponders Future Of Manned Spaceflight
By Kane Farabaugh
Washington DC (SPX) Aug 17, 2009
Forty years after man landed on the moon, NASA plans to retire the Space Shuttle in 2010. It will be five years before NASA has a vehicle ready to carry astronauts back into space, which has some concerned about the future of the space program. Kane Farabaugh sat down with Apollo astronaut Jim Lovell to discuss what is in store for space exploration.
When astronaut Jim Lovell aimed for the moon during the Gemini and Apollo missions, they say there was a sense of excitement and adventure shared by people around the world. They served as Neil Armstrong's backup during the Apollo 11 lunar landings, and watched the dramatic event unfold from NASA's mission control center in Houston Texas.
"After the flight, I had made a trip overseas to Europe, and was really pleasantly surprised that almost all the Europeans were absolutely enthusiastic about what we had accomplished, perhaps just as much so as the Americans were," they said.
Lovell, who once held the record for most hours in space, never landed on the moon. As commander of Apollo 13, slated to be the third moon landing in 1970, Lovell successfully led fellow astronauts Fred Haise and Jack Swigert back to Earth after a catastrophic explosion crippled their spacecraft.
Now, 40 years after man landed on the moon, and 39 years after Lovell returned to Earth, NASA plans to retire the Space Shuttle in 2010. It is the only vehicle NASA has to carry astronauts into space, and Lovell is concerned about the future of the space program.
"There's going to be a five year hiatus between getting some other new vehicle to go up to the space station before we could have something to go," they added. "Nothing is going to be there except the Russian Soyuz, a vehicle that was developed years and years ago."
At the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama in late July, NASA held meetings with an independent review panel commissioned by President Barack Obama to evaluate the future of manned space flight.
Part of the meeting focused on the next generation spacecraft that would replace the Space Shuttle Orbiter. NASA is developing the Constellation program, a beefed-up Apollo-like initiative. It uses a rocket, called Ares, to put a single-use spacecraft, called the Orion, into orbit, and eventually back to the moon.
Steve Lindsay, chief of the Astronaut Office at NASA's Johnson Space Center, says one of the main drives behind the new vehicle is to reduce the risk with spaceflight.
"We know that in the future we're going to take a lot of risks," they noted. "We know in the present we're going to take a lot of risks. We know even with an order of magnitude of improvement, we are still going to take a lot of risks. But, we think a risk should be commensurate with our level of experience. We're willing to take those risks. We accept that as our job and we're proud to do that as our job."
Another option favored by the presidential panel is extending the life of the Space Shuttle through 2014, keeping it flying missions until a new spacecraft is ready for flight. The panel is also reviewing an extension to the proposed life of the International Space Station, currently scheduled to end its mission by 2015.
The Obama administration is concerned about the program's price increases. Public support for funding the space program has waned in recent years. Now, in the midst of a deep recession, lawmakers are looking to trim expenses and NASA is struggling to keep funding intact.
But Lovell sees an opportunity for economic recovery by increasing funding to the space program.
"One part of the stimulus could be the space program," they said. "First of all it's a creative program, it creates taxes individual and corporate taxes, all the money is spent here on Earth, not one cent up there in space. It brings technology that spills over to the private sector. That's what happened all through Gemini and Apollo and the private sector now is affected by computer technology and electronic components that were speeded up by our being in space, and that could continue."
Lovell sees a renewed interest in space sparked by China's Lunar Exploration Program. They say the only successful path to an eventual manned mission to Mars is a shared vision and cooperation among all countries interested in venturing farther into the universe.
By Shelley Shan / Staff reporter
Bureau of High Speed Rail Director-General Chu Shu (朱旭) yesterday resigned from their position after assuming responsibility for delays in the launch of the Airport Rail line between Taipei Taoyuan International Airport and Taipei.
Chu told a press conference that the bureau aimed to have the section between Sanchong (三重) and Jhongli (中壢) operational by the end of 2015.
Immediately after the press conference, the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) issued a press release stating that MOTC Minister Yeh Kuang-shih (葉匡時) had accepted Chu's resignation.
The ministry said Chu had also applied for early retirement, which would take effect next month.
MOTC Deputy Minister Jack Hsu (許俊逸) has been assigned to oversee the operation of the bureau while the bureau's deputy director-general Allen Hu (胡湘麟) will temporarily assume Chu's position, the ministry said.
Chu said the bureau had originally planned to launch the Airport Rail in October. However, it estimated that construction might not meet the approved deadline due to disputes between Marubeni Corp, the contractor in charge of building the railway's signaling system, and its subcontractor, London-based control and safety system manufacturer Invensys.
The bureau also ordered the complete replacement of electrical wires used in the signaling system after some were found to have cracks in their insulation.
Currently, 97.17 percent of the civil engineering construction of the Airport Rail has been completed. About 56 percent of the signaling system is complete.
Asked why it would take another two-and-a-half years to launch the Airport Rail, Chu said the contractor should finish installation of the signaling system by the end of this year or the beginning of next year. They said that the bureau would use next year to test the Airport Rail, adding that the signaling system and 13 other systems involved must be fully integrated to fulfill the requirements stated in the contract.
Taoyuan Metro Corp has been assigned to take over the line's operation once the Airport Rail is completed and Chu said that the company would need time to prepare for the takeover. The company also needs to pass the final safety inspection by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications before it can start running services, they said.
Asked if the bureau would postpone the deadline again, Chu said that they could not make any promises.
“We can only strive to fulfill the mission,” they said.
According to Chu, the signaling system is being jointly constructed by Marubeni, Kawasaki and Hitachi. If Marubeni drops out, the other two contractors would take over, they said.
Marubeni reached an agreement with Invensys in March to continue the construction, they added.
Meanwhile, the bureau will fine Marubeni for violating the terms of its contract by failing to meet the deadline, with the contractor being asked to pay about NT$12 million (US$400,000) daily for each day it exceeds the deadline by. The penalty is capped at NT$2.5 billion. However, the bureau could seek further restitution from Marubeni for financial losses caused by the delayed launch of the Airport Rail.
The Japanese contractor could also face suspension of the right to bid for public constructions in Taiwan for one year, if the Public Construction Commission rules that it has committed a serious violation.
Zelda: Breath of the Wild - How to Pet a Dog
Because why wouldn't you want to pet a dog in Zelda: Breath of the Wild, you monster?
There are dogs in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and they are adorable, and you'll spend most of the game wanting to pet them. It seemed for a while that we would forever be destined to be unable to pet dogs in Breath of the Wild. But hosanna there is a way! Petting doggos and puppers is entirely possible in Zelda, and we're gonna show you how to do it.
Identifying a Dog to Pet
To pet a dog in Zelda: Breath of the Wild, first you must find a dog. Not just any doglike or small creature will do, though, you need a 100% bona fide canine. You also need to make sure they are a good boy and that they are both a doggo and a pupper.
First, you need to scout out your surrounding area for dogs to pet. We went to Hateno Town to look for cute dogs and possibly other animals with which to cuddle.
What Not to Pet
During our dog scouting mission in Hateno Town, we found some great examples of what not to pet in Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Do not pet goats. Goats are neither doggos nor are they puppers. They're mean jerks, but still cute.
Do not pet the man, not even if they give you a sassy side eye.
Do not pet the Cucco. The Cucco has many friends and does not like to be petted. The Cucco is very cute, so you'll have to do your best to resist petting it.
Do not pet the children. The children do not want to be petted, and Ganon will win.
Finding a Dog to Pet
Hateno Village was a bust, so we set out for greener pastures. It turns out dogs like hanging out near stables. If you head to your nearest stable in Hyrule, more than likely you can find a dog. Once you find a dog, you can pet the dog.
Petting the Dog
Once you've located a suitable dog, you may engage in petting it. To do so, unequip your melee weapon and walk up to it. Press the button you usually attack with, and Link will spaz out like he's looking for their sword. It may not look like Link is petting the dog, but looks can be deceiving. After Link spazzes for a bit, the dog will get the pink cloud of hearts around it as if you've done something it likes.
Although you don't get the satisfaction of seeing Link actually pat the dog, you can at least get the reaction you would from petting it. Hopefully, Nintendo will patch in a more comprehensive animal petting mechanic. You can also feed your doggo/pupper friend and it will also make them happy. The dog likes meat. They will also eat a fruit too.
Now that you've learned to pet the doggo, you'll never need to learn to stay warm since puppers keep you happy from the inside out. Check out The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild guide for some real useful info.
A rendering of Apple's vision for a restored Carnegie Library in Mount Vernon Square. Under Apple's plan, the 114-year-old building would host concerts, performances and education open to the public. (Apple)
Steve Jobs minted Apple as a top American retailer by designing crisp, modern stores with designs reminiscent of the company's products. Glass boxes and aluminum panels abounded.
But as Apple moves to turn its stores into experiences — places for concerts, art exhibitions and photography classes — the tech giant has begun to pursue distinctive, yet familiar, buildings its customers might admire as well.
In the District, the company has set its sights squarely on the Carnegie Library in Mount Vernon Square. One of thousands of libraries built nationwide with funds donated by steel tycoon and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, it opened in 1903 as the first desegregated public building in the city.
Apple officials say they plan to restore the building to its original grandeur and outfit Carnegie as a place to hold a slate of free, open-to-the-public concerts, art exhibitions, workshops for teachers and coding classes for children.
Trial programs in other Apple stores have included presentations from community artists and photographers, as well as concerts and talks from bigger names, such as when hip-hop producer RZA led an “Art of Beatmaking” session at the company's Brooklyn store last fall. The company plans to release a fuller slate of events around the country this month.
The ultimate goal, of course, is to sell more iPhones and iPads. Where the Carnegie Library once housed the city's book collection, Apple plans a “Genius Grove,” a tree-lined sales floor where company reps will demonstrate how to maximize Apple products for music, photography or other passions. What long ago were reading rooms would become places to browse and sample Apple products.
“This is a way of creating a reason to come to the store, to touch and feel our products, but also to have an engaging experience with someone who is passionate about the same thing,” said B.J. Siegel, Apple Retail's senior design director.
Finding historic buildings with stories rooted in their communities are part and parcel to the experience Apple is trying to create, Siegel said. The company in recent years has opened stores in a former restaurant bay in New York's Grand Central Terminal, a Depression-era brick storefront in Brooklyn and a 130-year-old former bank in Paris.
Rather than plastering the buildings with the company's logo, Apple's designers say they will focus on restoring the building's historic character. It can take a little work to find the store's signage and logo — which is the point.
“For us, it wasn't about coming in and leaving our mark,” Siegel said. “It was about bringing the history back out and respecting it.”
“We've discovered that big garish logos on historic buildings don't work very well, so often we try to find more subtle ways to brand the building,” they added.
Apple plans to introduce a large skylight in the Carnegie's ceiling and host music, photography and art exhibitions featuring the company's products. (Apple)
That couldn't be further from the failed strategy of the last pursuit of the Carnegie Building. The International Spy Museum proposed moving into the Carnegie Building more than three years ago, but they sought to double the size of the 63,000-square-foot building by building two expansive glass-encased wings. The District's Historic Preservation Review Board turned the proposal away.
Apple does plan on opening up a skylight in the Carnegie Building's roof above a central events area, and there are bound to be questions about handing one of the city's more cherished buildings to a corporation.
But there is wide agreement among District officials that the Carnegie Building could be better utilized. Despite its visible location south of the city's convention center, it mainly serves as an office space for the Historical Society of Washington, D.C., and a venue for the occasional wedding or reception organized by Events DC, which manages the building.
When Apple signed a letter of intent to lease the building, in December, D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser issued a statement saying an Apple Store there “could link D.C.'s rich history to our continued economic renaissance, will demonstrate the strength of our retail market, and will tell companies across the globe that the District is open for business.”
Even the Historical Society isn't going anywhere; Siegel said Apple considered it a benefit to have such a unique community institution as a neighbor and that the organization would maintain offices on the second floor. Gregory A. O'Dell, president and chief executive of Events DC, said they were “working to support Apple with its plans as well as our partners in the Historical Society of Washington, D.C.”
The company is scheduled to present its plans to the neighborhood Advisory Neighborhood Commission on Monday evening.
In New York, Apple picked up a historic preservation award for its work restoring the sort of buildings that, in Jobs's era, it would not have considered. Angela Ahrendts, Apple's current senior vice president for retail, considers it essential to the company's future that it be more than a place to buy things.
“Starbucks figured it out, for being a gathering place, right? ‘Meet me at Starbucks,' Ahrendts told “CBS This Morning” in a recent interview. “I've told my teams, I'll know we've done a great job if the next generation, of Gen Z, says, ‘Meet me at Apple.'”
Follow Jonathan O'Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Maurie Berman, who founded Superdawg drive-in with their wife Flaurie in 1948 and transformed it into a Northwest Side icon, died early Sunday morning from heart problems, their son Scott Berman said. They were 89. View Full Caption Superdawg; Flickr/touringcyclist
NORWOOD PARK — Maurie Berman, who founded Superdawg drive-in with their wife Flaurie in 1948 and transformed it into a Northwest Side icon, died early Sunday morning from heart problems, their son Scott Berman said. They were 89.
Maurie Berman — whose muscle-bound, leopard-skin-sarong-clad hot dog alter-ego has loomed over the intersection of Milwaukee, Nagle and Devon avenues for decades — will be remembered as someone who transformed a hot dog stand into a community institution that brought joy to generations of Chicago hot dog lovers, Scott Berman said.
"He would be proudest of operating Superdawg right up to the end," Scott Berman said. "He didn't have hobbies. They loved their family, and they loved Superdawg."
As in life, Maurie's alter ego is perched on the roof of Superdawg at 6363 N. Milwaukee Ave. next to Flaurie, transformed into a blue-skirted hot dog wearing a yellow bow, winking at their childhood sweetheart. The couple married in 1947, and founded Superdawg a year later on May 8, 1948.
"They had a wonderful marriage," Scott Berman said of their parents, beginning to cry.
Heather Cherone says Berman was famous on the NW-side:
Maurie Berman had been in declining health for the last several months, Scott Berman said, but they celebrated Mother's Day with their family last week before they began to slip away.
"He loved meeting the people who came to Superdawg," Scott Berman said of their father. "He loved making people happy."
Regarded by many encased meat aficionados as the best Chicago hot dogs in the city, Superdawg sparked a craze for its pure beef frank in a poppy-seed bun topped with mustard, piccalilli, a dill pickle, chopped Spanish onions and a "memorable" hot pepper — but no ketchup — decades before Chicagoans began waiting in line for hours for Hot Doug's.
"He loved it from the very first day," Scott Berman said. "Superdawg wasn't just a restaurant. It brought joy to people."
Superdawg was born when Maurie Berman returned to Chicago after fighting in World War II and taking part in the Battle of the Bulge. Maurie, a certified public accountant, and Flaurie, a teacher in the Chicago Public Schools, wanted a business they could run in the summer.
Before long, Superdawg and its vaunted drive-in style took off — preceding both McDonald's and Burger King in capitalizing on drivers' love of getting a quick bite to eat without leaving the comfort of their cars, Scott Berman said.
Maurie Berman designed the booth that took orders — often manned by Flaurie — to look like an airport control tower, capturing the imagination of many at the start of the avaiation and space ages, Scott Berman said.
But unlike McDonald's, which grew to be an international behemoth serving billions from thousands of locations, Superdawg opened only one other location, in Wheeling in 2010.
Superdawg also never stopped wearing its "pure beef" heart on its sleeve, greeting customers enthusiastically with "Hiya! Thanks for stopping," and thanking customers on every cardboard box of Superfries and Superdawgs for the chance to serve them.
Maurie Berman is survived by their wife, Flaurie; sons, Scott and Myles; daughter, Lisa; grandchildren, Alyssa, Laura, Max, Steffie and Ross and great-granddaughter, Talia.
Both Superdawg locations will be closed Tuesday in Maurie Berman's memory.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Mass extinctions are major drivers of macroevolutionary change and mark fundamental transitions in the history of life, yet the feedbacks between environmental perturbation and biological response, which occur on submillennial timescales, are poorly understood. We present a high-precision age model for the end-Permian mass extinction, which was the most severe loss of marine and terrestrial biota in the last 542 My, that allows exploration of the sequence of events at millennial to decamillenial timescales 252 Mya. This record is critical for a better understanding of the punctuated nature and duration of the extinction, the reorganization of the carbon cycle, and a refined evaluation of potential trigger and kill mechanisms.
Abstract
The end-Permian mass extinction was the most severe loss of marine and terrestrial biota in the last 542 My. Understanding its cause and the controls on extinction/recovery dynamics depends on an accurate and precise age model. U-Pb zircon dates for five volcanic ash beds from the Global Stratotype Section and Point for the Permian-Triassic boundary at Meishan, China, define an age model for the extinction and allow exploration of the links between global environmental perturbation, carbon cycle disruption, mass extinction, and recovery at millennial timescales. The extinction occurred between 251.941 ± 0.037 and 251.880 ± 0.031 Mya, an interval of 60 ± 48 ka. Onset of a major reorganization of the carbon cycle immediately precedes the initiation of extinction and is punctuated by a sharp (3‰), short-lived negative spike in the isotopic composition of carbonate carbon. Carbon cycle volatility persists for ∼500 ka before a return to near preextinction values. Decamillenial to millennial level resolution of the mass extinction and its aftermath will permit a refined evaluation of the relative roles of rate-dependent processes contributing to the extinction, allowing insight into postextinction ecosystem expansion, and establish an accurate time point for evaluating the plausibility of trigger and kill mechanisms.
Update: My latest on this topic is: U.S. Deficit: Taxes will never be enough
You may be thinking, Brouwer's nuts. Of course hiking tax rates raises more tax revenue. Well, let's take a look. Before we do that, I'd like to make a related point. Whether you like it or don't like it, we have a tax policy that taxes higher income people more as a percentage of their income than lower income folks. This is true even if you look at all Federal taxes, not just income taxes. Much political rhetoric has been spent to confuse this issue, but the numbers do not lie.
This chart, based on data from the liberal-leaning Tax Policy Blog, makes it clear that higher income folks pay more of their income in Federal taxes than lower income folks do.
In 2010, as in past years, those who make more generally pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes (including all Federal taxes) than do lower income people.
Source: Tax Policy Center / Greg Mankiw
Those earning $105,999 are at the crossover point. Those earning less than that amount, pay less in taxes than the proportion of income they earn. Those earning more than that amount, pay more in taxes than the income they earn.
Does annual income of $106,000 per year mean you're rich?
The answer is we really don't know. To me, being rich has to do with the wealth you possess, that is your net worth. Income has an obvious impact on that over the course of time, but net worth indicates wealth far more than income does. I have known people with modest incomes who have built up a surprisingly high net worth. And, some high income earners have not actually accumulated much in the way of net worth because they spend almost everything they earn.
Raising taxes on the rich or trying to 'soak' the rich seems to be a popular idea now. There have been proposals to add surtaxes to high income earners, to raise taxes back to the rates prevalent in the 1990s and so on. If you are advocating this, make sure you are not confusing tax rates with tax revenues or the actual dollars raised by a given tax.
Don't confuse tax rates with tax revenues
As you can see from the next chart produced by the conservative-leaning Heritage Foundation, we have not had tax revenues of more than 20% of GDP for any length of time since at least 1960. This is true even though w have had much higher tax rates in earlier years, in fact, we once had a marginal rate of 91%. Despite higher tax rates, tax revenues still tended to trend around the level of 18% of GDP. There were short periods when revenues went up to 20% of GDP. So, we can safely state that the long-term average for actual tax revenues is 18% to 20% of GDP.
Higher tax rates can raise revenues to a point until taxpayers change their behavior and then revenues fall back to the long-term trend line.
Source: Heritage Foundation
The gray vertical line separates actual spending and tax revenues from projected spending and revenues. The red horizontal line shows spending and the gray horizontal line shows tax revenues. The percentages for spending and revenues are shown as percentages of gross domestic product (GDP).
As you can see, tax revenues have fallen lately. This is largely due to economic weakness from the recession of 2007-2009 plus the downturn in real estate and stocks. The 2001 and 2003 tax cuts also contributed, but to a lesser extent. When the economy improves, tax revenues will go up from the current level of 15% of GDP, but that will happen naturally.
Taxpayers adapt to higher rates
How does this work? Well, it should be no surprise to readers of this blog, that when you raise tax rates, investors and taxpayers change their behavior accordingly. For example, when capital gains tax rates go up, investors slow down realization of gains. So, despite a higher capital gains tax rate, the actual revenue received from capital gains taxes may not go up much. Conversely, when capital gains tax rates go down, investors speed up realization of gains thus increasing tax revenues. Is there a correlation? Yes there is.
It's important to remember that investors have some control of when and if they will realize a gain on a sale of stocks, mutual funds, real estate or a business. And, this is not just an issue for the ‘rich.' In recent years, many households reporting capital gains have been under $100,000 in annual income.
The next chart appeared in the Wall Street Journal a few years ago. It shows steady tax revenues versus the significant changes that have occurred in the highest marginal tax rates.
Source: Wall Street Journal
The clear message from the Wall Street Journal chart is that the gold line (tax revenues) has been pretty steady at about 18-20% of GDP for 60 years even though the other line (tax rates) fluctuated from a high rate of 91% to a low of just under 30%. Despite changing tax rates, the actual tax revenues as a percentage of GDP really have not changed much.
Even though the percentage of tax revenues compared to GDP has not changed much since 1965, the actual revenues in dollars have tripled:
Source: Heritage Foundation
Why did revenues triple despite lower tax rates? I think it is fair to say that economic growth resulted in higher tax revenues. While tax rates were falling over this period, 1965 — 2010, tax revenues tripled. Do you think there is a correlation between higher levels of economic growth and lower levels of taxation?
What's the best tax rate?
We really don't know what the optimum tax rate would be that maintains revenues at 18-20% of GDP while allowing for maximum GDP growth, but we do know that economic growth is good for everyone and as the economy grows, tax revenues grow automatically. Ideally, our leaders in Washington would try to figure out the optimum tax structure to generate revenues at 18-20% of GDP while stimulating economic growth. Once that level is determined, I believe they should set the rate and forget it.
Does soaking the rich work?
Unfortunately, tinkering with the tax code seems to be irresistible to almost all politicians. In addition, raising taxes on the ‘rich' is a populist theme many politicians have adopted. This idea is widespread even though there is a very good chance that higher tax rates will not lead to higher tax revenues. Our political leaders often misunderstand the long-term consequences of tax law changes and they advocate policies that bear little or no relationship to economic reality.
As you can see from these charts, soaking the rich by raising tax rates generally does not work. And, there can be collateral damage in that high tax rates almost always reduce economic activity which hurts everyone. If the goal is to maximize economic growth and generate adequate tax revenues, we know what makes sense.
I put together the information in this post to answer the question initially raised — does raise tax rates increase tax revenues? I used information from both liberal and conservative sources to help you get comfortable with the history of tax rates and tax revenues.
In closing, I want to reiterate that tax policy is important, but it should not be political or partisan. I believe we need a steady, consistent tax policy with two goals: generating steady and adequate current tax revenues and maximizing economic growth.
The San Francisco 49ers are set for training camp to begin at the end of the month. But before the team can defend its NFC West division crown this upcoming season, let's take a look at the depth of each position group on the roster as they prepare for camp. Safeties are up next. OVERVIEW**
After they recorded 80 tackles, a career-best six interceptions, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery in 2011, Dashon Goldson became the first 49ers safety to be named to the Pro Bowl since 1999. Goldson, however, elected not to participate in the game itself so they could let their body rest after a rigorous season. Still, the 27-year-old playmaker became even more of a household name thanks to their fearless play and an eight-game stretch of the regular season that saw them record all six of their interceptions in between Weeks 8-15. Paired with fellow hard-hitting safety Donte Whitner, who signed a three-year contract with the 49ers last offseason, Goldson enjoyed one of their finest seasons to date, both against the run and the pass. Goldson, the team's fourth-round pick in 2007, was designated as the team's franchise player this offseason and did not reach a long-term agreement prior to the July 16 deadline. It is not known when Goldson will sign their one-year contract as San Francisco's franchise player; veterans report for training camp on July 26. The 49ers cannot work on a long-term deal during the 2012 season, but can resume discussions following the season. Whitner, San Francisco's other run-supporting playmaker, who recorded 91 tackles, three fumble recoveries, two interceptions and one forced fumble, said he's grown tremendously from having a full offseason with the 49ers coaching staff. Whitner added that he's approaching the upcoming season with the mindset of helping San Francisco become the league's top-ranked defense. With Goldson working out on their own this offseason, young safeties on the roster were able to step in and get first-team reps on defense. For fourth-year safety C.J. Spillman, the opportunity allowed the special teams gunner to showcase their all-around defensive skills for the coaching staff.
*DEPTH *
*RETURNERS: Dashon Goldson (sixth season), Donte Whitner (seventh season, second in San Francisco), C.J. Spillman (fourth season, third in San Francisco), and Colin Jones (second season). NEWCOMERS: Trenton Robinson (sixth-round pick, Michigan State), Michael Thomas (undrafted, Stanford), Mark LeGree (first season) and Ben Hannula (first season). *
Sixth-round draft pick Trenton Robinson benefitted greatly this offseason from first-team practice reps. The Michigan State product also received a great deal of support from their elder teammates. Undrafted safety Michael Thomas enters training camp with the experience of already playing for a Vic Fangio-coached defense from their time at Stanford. The background in Fangio's system was a big help for the safety, who has experience lining up at safety and inside as a nickel cornerback. Both Robinson and Thomas picked up a great deal of confidence just from the time they spent with players like Whitner. Ben Hannula, a former University of San Diego product, also offers position versatility as they lined up at both wide receiver and defensive back throughout the offseason. It remains to be seen which side of the ball Hannula will compete with when the exhibition season begins.
STANDOUT STAT
14
The 49ers won the turnover battle in 14 of last year's 16 regular season games (87.5 percent). Furthermore, the 49ers finished last season with a 28 turnover differential, the best mark in the NFL and the second-highest differential in the league since the AFL-NFL merger in 1970.
QUOTABLE
“I would suppose you could say potentially, but you've got to do it week in and week out. You can't skip a couple steps along the way and that's the thing we emphasize to our guys. We're not looking at a 16-game schedule. We play one game at a time. I know you guys don't want to hear that, but that is my philosophy. We're not looking to be the greatest defense in the history of the NFL. We're looking to be the best defense we can be in each and every game and not look forward. And then let the chips fall where they may.”
Home
This plan is very, very out of date. The ChiLo Buying Guide is a much better source for up-to-date collection building advice.
This is a plan for building a Netrunner collection, starting with one copy of the core set and adding a little at a time. Each “stage” of this plan includes one or two decks that can be built at that stage.
Check out the introduction for some general information about building a Netrunner collection and about this plan, or go to the summary table if you want to see the whole plan laid out in one spot. The pages for the individual stages include links to the actual deck lists, plus usually some infomation about how you can learn more about playing the deck(s).
The source and data behind this plan is in this GitHub repository over here.
(Reuters) - U.S. federal investigators are looking at whether JPMorgan Chase & Co traders hid trading losses that have since grown to $5.8 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter, after the bank said its own probe found reason for suspicion.
JPMorgan, the largest U.S. bank, said it believes it will lose at most another $1.7 billion from the bad credit trades. Problems at the group that made the bets, the Chief Investment Office, have been fixed, said Chief Executive Jamie Dimon. CIO traders had used derivatives to bet on corporate debt.
Investors cheered the bank for capping losses and taking steps to ensure it avoids similar bad bets in the future. JPMorgan's shares rose 6 percent on Friday.
Even with the trading losses, JPMorgan earned nearly $5 billion overall in the second quarter, thanks to its strong performance in areas such as mortgage lending.
The trading losses may be mostly over, but with the disclosure that traders may have lied about their losses, regulatory and legal consequences will linger for some time. Blame for the problems at the CIO office may go further up the management chain to some of the most senior executives at the firm, lawyers said.
The source said that federal criminal investigators are looking at people at JPMorgan in London, where the CIO's risky bets were placed. The criminal investigation began in earnest in the past few weeks after JPMorgan's internal investigation uncovered that CIO traders may have intentionally masked losses, said the source, who is not authorized to speak about the matter and declined to be identified.
“I see little doubt that someone is going to get charged with fraud,” said Bill Singer, a lawyer at Herskovits in New York who provides legal counsel to securities industry firms, and publishes the BrokeandBroker website.
Authorities ranging from the FBI to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are probing the bank. The SEC could charge JPMorgan with weaknesses in oversight and internal controls, said James Cox, a securities law expert at Duke University.
“I think the SEC will continue to look at ‘What exactly did Jamie Dimon know and when did they know it?'” Cox said.
An internal review found that some of the CIO traders appear to have deliberately ignored the massive size of their trades - and the difficulty in liquidating them - when valuing their positions. The values they reported ended up being too high, which is forcing JPMorgan to restate its first-quarter results. The bank is cooperating with authorities.
The trading losses and possible deception from traders are a black eye for Dimon, who was respected for keeping their bank consistently profitable during the financial crisis. Dimon, who has criticized regulators for meddling too much with banks, has lost credibility because of difficulties in their own house.
“How do we know there are not more roaches in the kitchen?” said Paul Miller, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets, referring to the maxim that seeing a single roach typically means there are far more hiding in the woodwork.
The Chief Investment Office became infamous in May when JPMorgan said bad derivatives bets had triggered about $2 billion of paper losses, a figure that turned into $4.4 billion of actual losses in the second quarter.
One trader in the CIO, Bruno Iksil, took big enough positions in the credit derivatives markets to earn the nickname “The London Whale.” They made at least some of the big bets that caused trouble for the bank, and has since left JPMorgan, a source said on Friday.
Ina Drew, who headed the CIO, has also left, and offered to give back as much of their pay as the bank was contractually entitled take back, said Dimon, whose pay could be taken back as well. A spokesperson for the bank said JPMorgan had accepted Drew's offer.
The bank said it had moved the bad trades from the CIO, which invests some of the company's excess funds, to its investment bank. JPMorgan was one of the inventors of credit derivatives, and its investment bank is one of the biggest traders of the product on Wall Street.
The CIO will now focus on conservative investments, JPMorgan said. The bank has taken a number of other steps to prevent these types of losses from repeating, including changing the way it limits risk taking in the CIO's office.
“People feel good that the loss is largely contained at this point,” said Nancy Bush, a banking analyst at independent research firm NAB Research.
People are seen in the lobby of JP Morgan Chase's international headquarters on Park Avenue in New York July 13, 2012. REUTERS/Andrew Burton
JPMorgan said later on Friday that its former CIO risk officer, Irvin Goldman, had resigned. Goldman “behaved with integrity and we wish them well,” JPMorgan said.
JPMorgan's shares rose $2.03 to close at $36.07 on the New York Stock Exchange.
THE TEMPEST LEAVES THE TEAPOT
The bank posted second-quarter net income of $4.96 billion, or $1.21 a share, compared with $5.43 billion, or $1.27 a share, a year earlier.
The derivative loss after taxes reduced earnings per share by 69 cents, the company said.
JPMorgan said it expected to file new, restated first-quarter results in the coming weeks, reflecting a $459 million reduction of income because of bad valuations on some of its trading positions. The bank found material problems with its financial controls during the period.
The bank said its internal investigation combed through over a million emails, tens of thousands of taped conversations, and other evidence. It learned that some traders may have intended not to value their trading positions at the proper levels.
In particular, the traders recorded the value of their trades at current market prices, rather than prices they would get if they liquidated their large positions, in an effort to avoid reporting their full paper losses.
The bank made trades that were intended to protect it against the credit markets tanking, but allowed those positions to morph into bets on credit markets getting better.
Friday's financial report came three months to the day after Dimon, 56, told stock analysts that news reports about Iksil and looming losses in London were a “tempest in a teapot.”
People exit the lobby of JPMorgan Chase & Co. headquarters in New York May 22, 2012. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
That remark, which Dimon told Congress last month was “dead wrong,” added to the damage the loss has done to their reputation and their argument that their bank is not too big to be managed safely.
A host of international regulators and agencies are probing the trading mishap. Besides the FBI and the SEC, they the UK's Financial Services Authority, the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Treasury's Office for the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Flashback Friday.
I found this 1917 advertisement for swastika jewelry while browsing through the NY Public Library Digital Gallery. The text reads in part:
To the wearer of swastika will come from the four winds of heaven good luck, long life and prosperity. The swastika is the oldest cross, and the oldest symbol in the world. Of unknown origin, in frequent use in the prehistoric items, it historically first appeared on coins as early as the year 315 B.C.
As this suggests, while the symbol of the swastika is most frequently associated with Hitler and Nazis during World War II, and is still used by neo-Nazi groups, the symbol itself has a much longer history. From wikipedia:
Archaeological evidence of swastika-shaped ornaments dates from the Neolithic period. An ancient symbol, it occurs mainly in the cultures that are in modern day India and the surrounding area, sometimes as a geometrical motif and sometimes as a religious symbol. It was long widely used in major world religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.
Before it was co-opted by the Nazis, the swastika decorated all kinds of things. Uni Watch has tons of examples. Here it is on a Finnish military plane:
A Boy Scout badge:
A women's hockey team called the Swastikas from Edmonton (from 1916):
Another hockey team:
In the comments, Felicity pointed to this example:
They write:
My mom is a quilter and collects antique quilts (when they can afford them). They say that while in general, antique quilts and quilt-tops have gone up a great deal in price over the decades, there's still one sort you can pick up for a song — swastika quilts. It's kind of sad to think of somebody in 1900 putting all that time and hand-stitching into a ‘good luck' quilt that is now reviled.
All of these examples occurred before the Nazis adopted the swastika as their symbol (and changed it slightly by tilting it on a 45-degree angle). Of course, the original meaning or usage of the swastika is beside the point now. Because it is so strongly associated with the Nazis, it's impossible to use it now without people reading it as a Nazi symbol. And in fact it's unimaginable that a group in the U.S. or Europe would use the swastika today without intentionally meaning to draw on the Nazi association and the ideas espoused by Hitler and their party.
Wendy Christensen is an Assistant Professor at William Paterson University whose specialty includes the intersection of gender, war, and the media. You can follow them on Twitter.
Joseph Campbell's 1949 book The Hero with a Thousand Faces remains, arguably, the most archetypal theory of the hero's journey. Campbell's hero cycle can (and has) been used to analyze fictional narratives from The Odyssey to Star Wars. The theory goes roughly as follows: the hero's call to adventure, their initial refusal of the call, supernatural aids, the initial venture into the unknown, “the belly of the whale” (full immersion into the unknown), trials and tribulations, an encounter with Goddess[es], woman as temptress, atonement with a father figure, apotheosis/peace, achievement, return. It basically goes without saying that the hero Campbell's theory aims to observe is that of the male protagonist. If this isn't obvious, look at the role of women in Campbell's theory—as mystical muses and as evil Delilahs—figures that serve merely as means to an end.
Contemporary narratives are more likely to challenge Campbell's template, hence the “arguably.” But what is the framework for a journey involving anyone other than a cis male, where the trials presented are often created by men (patriarchal oppression, abuse of power, assault, inequality, etc.)? “Hero” has different meanings in different contexts; against different trials and tribulations; when the meanings of “achievement” and “return” are more pointed. For many who do not identify as cis or male, trauma is an inherent part of their journey. In fact, the hero's journey for those who do not identify as cis or male could simply be about overcoming a world that is not made for them and feeling okay about it. Indeed, in these cases, to be your hero is worth more than anything.
Stephanie Knipe understands that specific breed of trauma and survival, and has worked through it over the past three years of performing as Adult Mom. The 21-year-old's call to adventure truly began when they saw Elaiza Santos (Whatever, Dad, Crying, 100%) and Rachel (Baby Mollusk, Nine of Swords) perform at SUNY Purchase co-op in October 2012. Both projects were “stripped down and simple, but in a profound way” that felt encouraging. The performance inspired the college first-year student to begin writing songs and chasing the dream of being in a band. “I had fantasies for so long, like the typical hairbrush in the mirror type thing. Growing up I was obsessed with Alanis Morissette and The Cranberries and I wanted to be in a band so badly but I never thought I could do it,” Steph confides. “Then I got so into Rilo Kiley and my dad bought me a guitar when I was 15 and I taught myself like every Rilo Kiley song, every Bright Eyes song ever.”
Steph began to record music under the name Adult Mom, having been inspired by a friend's Tumblr URL: “It was always just a thing with my friend group, like, ‘Steph is the mom'. I got off on taking care of people. Everyone would call me mom, that's where the idea came from. It's funny now that I have come out as non-binary, my bassist KT and I always call each other mom and we have re-contextualized it to be this non-gender specific thing. It's just about taking care of someone else.”
Upon perceiving a lack of a creative space for non-cis males at SUNY Purchase, as well as a growing Tumblr and Bandcamp community, Steph was inspired to begin Boy Tears, a series of Bandcamp compilations and zines by “female identifying artists and those who fall under the trans* umbrella.” The intention was to highlight “those who are not cis-male in order to empower and inspire and to chip away at the cis white male dominated music scene.” The first comp, Sweatin' To the Ladies Vol. 1, features demos and final cuts from Whatever, Dad, Mitski, Frankie Cosmos, and Adult Mom. Future iterations would include Tomboy, Eskimeaux, Free Cake for Every Creature, and I Tried to Run Away When I Was 6, among many others. Steph also eventually created UP YOURS, an annual festival at SUNY Purchase aiming to “showcase and promote female/girl artists and bands as well as non binary/gender queer artists and bands.”
By August 2013, Steph had enough songs to record the brief album I Fell in Love By Accident. The eight-song record is uncomplicated in sound, just an acoustic guitar under lyrics about “being in love in a gross, cloud nine, honeymoon way.” However, behind their wistful voice and simple guitar strums lay hints of deeper existential anxieties: self-worth, guilt over a perceived amount of too much sensitivity, abandonment, loss, but then on the brighter side, finding comfort in small things. One of those tracks, “Theme Song,” introduces listeners to the narrative and identity that Steph has continued to craft, as a person who wants to provide security for those they love, but sometimes at the cost of their own well-being: “I am everyone's mom / Holding hands and cradling along / But moms wouldn't sit in their room all day / And wait for something to happen.”
After experimenting with various full-band line-ups, Adult Mom set out to record a second album, Sometimes Bad Happens. It came out on Miscreant Records in July 2014, with Jack Tomascak, Jen Sinski, and KT McManus as the band. Compared to I Fell In Love By Accident, the six-track EP presented a very different version of Knipe. Songs about boys who smell like Fiji were replaced with tracks about dealing with the damages of an abusive or manipulative relationship: “I wrote Sometimes Bad Happens after I had gone through these really intense breakups and I didn't know how to be a person, like, at all. The only way I could process the heartbreak was by writing angry songs so I wrote that EP super quickly just to process through it.”
Steph had been in three abusive relationships over a period of two to three years. “I thought, I can take two modes,” they explain. “I can be upset forever and be mad and never feel good about life ever again, just wallow and write sad songs about this until I die or I can cope with it, go to therapy all the time, and work super hard on my life.” Steph chose the second option. The songs on Sometimes Bad Happens, as the title suggests, acknowledge the existence of trauma while also actively trying to work through it. As the tape's liner notes say, “This tape is for everyone who has had to deal. Appreciate sadness and its temporary quality.”
“Paws,” for instance, is a jangly tune that uses a doggie metaphor to discuss recovery: “My little paws are dirty from digging though shit you poured on me / My little paws are dirty but the shits's comin' off real easy.” “Theme Song” appears once again, but this time as a full band anthem. As the finale of an EP that is largely about growth and healing, the track glows with a self-love and assurance that was not as evident on its previous version.
A lot of people categorize non-binary as being in between something, which I'm really against because for me, I'm creating my own gender.
Looking back now, Steph feels light years apart from the person who wrote I Fell in Love by Accident. “I do not even recognize that person,” they say. “I mean, I do somewhat, but since that time I came out, I was single finally, and it really changed me.” The song that possibly offers the most evidence of growth is “I Make Boys Cry,” which asks, “How many times will I be the one to enlighten and never get anything?”
Several months after its release and after several larger tours, the tape got a shoutout in Rolling Stone thanks to Miscreant's ever-hustling Jeanette Wall. With Adult Mom quickly gaining traction, Steph entered the fall 2014 school semester with the intention to release a full-length record. The songs had been written over the previous summer. The album would be recorded with Mike Dvorscak, who engineered, mixed, and mastered Sometimes Bad Happens. “We both shared the same vision,” Steph says. “Over the summer we shared a bunch of tracks back and forth, like songs that we liked or feels or whatever production value that we liked. It was a bunch of Mirah and Julie Doiron.” Unlike Sometimes Bad Happens, which was recorded in one day, Momentary Lapse of Happily took around two weeks and will be released on Tiny Engines this month.
“I really appreciate Momentary Lapse of Happily because so much of it was me needing to cope, needing to write about it, but so much of it was also like, ‘this my saving grace in that this is an archive or monument of shit that has gone down',” Steph says. Narrative aside, it is an aural time capsule of all the previous Adult Mom releases: a combination of the joyful bubblegum of I Fell In Love by Accident and the sentimental wisdom of Sometimes Bad Happens. Steph refers to Rilo Kiley's “Breakin' Up,” a song about the termination of a relationship presented as a disco pop jam, as a reference point.
“What I've always wanted out of Adult Mom is ‘This shit's heavy but fuck it if we're not going to have fun,'” they explain.
With that in mind, the record begins appropriately with “Be Your Own 3AM,” a song about being your own source of comfort and validation: “Now I hold my own hands in crowds of bands and my friends / Jen always says to me ‘You gotta be your own 3AM.'” “Survival” is Momentary's anthem of sorts, highlighting the struggles Knipe has dealt with since coming out—an ode to self care, a reflection on identity anxiety. “I set fire to abusers like a war / I am a terror but I don't know what it is I fight for,” they cheerfully warn before proclaiming, “I survive because I have died.” The song ends on hopeful, though uncertain terms: “Maybe in a year / I'll learn to love here? / And maybe in a year / I will not feel like a bad queer.”
Regarding the last line, Steph explains they have felt like a “bad queer” for “not being androgynous enough, for dating cis men, not being out to their parents.” But these feelings are all part of their individual journey. “Everyone has a different experience with queerness, and to me, that's why it's so sick,” they say with a laugh.
“A lot of people categorize non-binary as being in between something, which I'm really against because for me, I'm creating my own gender,” they add.
“When you are in sunny rooms / the warmth expands and soon it hits you / I hope you think of me too / like the sun I will grow too,” Steph sings on the record's celebratory second-to-last track, “When You Are Happy”. Steph has found strength and comfort in metaphors about sun, being the sun, radiating light. “I'm going to be my own light source, something that's untouchable in a way and can radiate more than light but that I can control,” they explain. “In terms of gender stuff, I don't feel like a girl or a boy so I'm going to be the sun.”
Momentary Lapse of Happily finds Adult Mom finally coming into their own with confidence and excitement, reclaiming emotional space and working the process into one of the year's best guitar-pop records, too. In terms of the hero's journey, Steph is emerging from battle victoriously, surviving as their own hero, overcoming difficulties and channeling them into something beautifully relatable. “The way I always think about my trauma is that it doesn't define me,” they say. “My exes or my experiences don't necessarily define who I am, but my trauma is a part of my identity because of how I dealt with it. It's made me who I am now.”
The New England Revolution have re-acquired midfielder Gershon Koffie ahead of Monday's primary transfer deadline, the club has announced.
Koffie, 25, moves back to the club on a loan deal from Swedish side Hammarby IF, where they were sold in January.
The former Ghana Under-20 international was initially signed by New England from Vancouver in February of last year.
"Gershon had success with us last season and we feel fortunate we were able to reacquire him," Revolution general manger Michael Burns said in the club's statement.
"We look forward to having them back for the remainder of 2017 and expect he'll be able to come in and make an immediate impact."
Koffie spent last season with the Revs, making 19 appearances and providing a career-high four assists.
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
Some Uber drivers are turning to “dodgy” tactics after the ride-sharing company increased its service fees, with passengers bearing the brunt of the changes.
Uber drivers have told The New Daily that last-minute cancellations, unfair ‘no show' charges and organised surge-pricing are among the underhand behaviours some of their fellow drivers have turned to in response to the pay cuts.
Since its launch in Australia in 2012, Uber would claim 20 per cent of each fare as a “service fee”, but more recently the company has begun collecting up to 27.5 per cent of each driver's fares.
Melbourne Uber driver Lisa Tanner told The New Daily that 25 per cent of each trip's fare when they pick up a passenger is now pocketed by Uber. Similar ride-sharing apps, such as Shebah, have a service fee as low as 16 per cent, they said.
Ms Tanner said this is leading some Uber drivers to seek other means of making up the shortfall.
“A lot of them are doing dodgy things lately,” they said, reflecting on conversations she's had with my passengers.
“Some drivers are pushing ‘start' before the passenger arrives and then driving off, maybe if the destination's too close. Others are coordinating with a group of drivers to all head to the one area and create a surge fare.
I've also heard that drivers have been ending the trip without waiting the required five minutes for the passenger to arrive, so that they can charge them $10 for a no show.
“If you get charged a $10 late fee as a passenger, but the driver didn't wait at least five minutes, contact Uber straight away to let them know. Nine times out of 10 you'll get it back.”
Uber drivers are not aware of the destination when they accept a trip, only once the passenger arrives in the car and the driver presses ‘start' on the app.
Ms Tanner added that it's a shame a small number of drivers are acting dishonestly because the service is generally “really reliable”.
Another Uber driver, Mick Owar, has seen the percentage of their fare claimed by Uber rise from 20 per cent to 22 per cent, the first change to their earnings since they signed up to the service about two years ago.
They confirmed the various loopholes being exploited by some Uber drivers, after hearing numerous stories from their passengers.
“There doesn't seem to be much integrity in the world, with drivers pulling this dodgy stuff,” they told The New Daily.
“Drivers should be giving passengers five minutes to turn up and if they're not there, see if they can get a hold of them on the phone.
“No matter the industry, there are always a bunch of bad apples.”
Mr Owar's new car, which meets the vehicle requirements of the more luxurious UberSelect service, has almost doubled their petrol costs.
They said that if Uber were to deduct any more from each fare in service fees, it “just wouldn't be worth it”.
An Uber spokesperson told The New Daily that the service fee hikes followed recent changes to tax laws.
“The service fee was changed in early 2016 from 20 per cent to 25 per cent for all new driver partners. Any driver partner who had signed up when the old service fee was on offer (20 per cent) stayed on the existing rate,” the spokesperson said.
“The only recent change is the application of GST to the service fee for those driver-partners who haven't registered for GST.”
The spokesperson added: “Uber's driver deactivation policy prohibits fraudulent behaviour and we closely monitor our systems to detect drivers who may be acting fraudulently or attempting to game our systems.”
flutterguy317 , and , and
. because i needed four character they were the first to come to mind. there was an idea in my head to use just two characters but i just didn't feel like throwing bombs at
LateCustomer
Also Bomberman is my #1 favorite video game series, thats one reason i feel like should have made this better.
EDIT:almost i forgot to add this link
also if any of you know how to program MAKE THIS GAME HAPPEN!!
Also Bomberman is my #1 favorite video game series, thats one reason i feel like should have made this better.EDIT:almost i forgot to add this link www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BpTG9… also if any of you know how to program MAKE THIS GAME HAPPEN!!
well it's okay but it could have been better.any way i used the OCs of the :
The Canadian Press
BARRIE, Ont. - Police in Barrie, Ont., are commending employees at a recycling centre after more than $100,000 was found inside an old television.
The set was dropped off at Global Electric Electronic Processing more than a year ago, but workers didn't get around to dismantling it until last month.
When they peeked inside, they found a cash box and banking records dating back to 1985.
The employees called police, who traced the records to a 68-year-old man in Bolsover, Ontario.
It turns out they had inherited the money from their parents, then put it away for a rainy day and forgot about it.
They subsequently gave the television to a family friend, who had no inkling of the treasure behind the screen, and eventually brought it in to be recycled.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Governor of Mississippi has claimed that without their anti-LGBT law in place, churches would be forced to close.
The Governor of Mississippi Phil Bryant signed a new law earlier this month that enables discrimination against LGBT people – ignoring pleas from business leaders in the state.
The law goes even further than most – even permitting people to discriminate based on sexual orientation in “any employment-related decision” and “any decision concerning the sale, rental, [or] occupancy of a dwelling” as long as it's based on “sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction”.
The law has potentially devastating impacts for LGBT people in life, employment and housing – but Governor Phil Bryant insists churches would be open targets without it.
They told the evangelical American Family Radio: “This is about the churches.
“The next stop will be American Family Radio and it will be Mississippi College, it will be St. Dominic's Hospital as lawsuits will be filed; it will be churches where pastors can say, ‘I can't perform that ceremony'.
“Lawsuits will be filed, it will go to a federal court and the federal court will say, yes, they should be a protected class, those who choose to marry and want to be married in the church and that church might lose its tax-exempt status and they'll have to close.
“And church after church across this country will close.”
PinkNews is aware of exactly zero recorded cases anywhere in the world of a church being forced to close because of gay weddings… and we've looked really hard.
But the Governor continued: “We think people of faith have rights.
“I know that's a strange notion, but we believe the scales of justice must be balanced for those people of faith and those that have other ideas about their desires in life.
“And that's what the scales of justice must do is being balanced and we believe that this is a step in protecting the civil liberties of people of faith just as the First Amendment of the Constitution does.”
Of course, it might be pretty hard to force a church in Mississippi to do anything these days, let alone close down.
Last week Governor Bryant signed a law that grants churches the right to form their own heavily-armed militia for security purposes.
GUELATAO, Mexico — Yank the husks off ears of corn grown in the mountains of southern Mexico, and you may find kernels that are red, yellow, white, blue, black or even variegated.
It's only one measure of the diversity of the 60 or so native varieties of corn in Mexico. Another is the unusual adaptation of some varieties to drought, high heat, altitude or strong winds.
Plant specialists describe the native varieties of corn in Mexico as a genetic trove that might prove valuable should extreme weather associated with global warming get out of hand. Corn, one of the most widely grown grains in the world, is a key component of the global food supply.
But experts say Mexico's native varieties are themselves under peril — from economics and genetic contamination — potentially depriving humans of a crucial resource.
Farmers are punished at the marketplace for selling native corn, and some types are dwindling from use. Perhaps more significantly, genetically modified corn is drifting southward and mingling with native varieties, potentially bringing unexpected aberrations and even possible extinction.
At stake may be more than just curious and exotic types of corn, grown in small fields alongside beans and then ground into tortillas after harvest.
"With climate change," said Aldo Gonzalez, an indigenous Zapotec engineer with long, flowing black hair who's at the forefront of protecting native varieties, "new diseases could occur, and the only place in the world where we can look for existing varieties that might be resistant is in Mexico.
"These varieties of corn might at some point save humanity."
Corn is not only a crucial crop in Mexico but also a symbol in a nation that's the birthplace of the grain. Maize likely originated from a grass-like, tasseled plant, teosinte, in southern Mexico. Scientists say humans domesticated corn 7,000 to 10,000 years ago.
In the Popol Vuh, the sacred book of the ancient Mayans, gods create humans out of cornmeal, allowing the "people of corn" to flourish.
Through the centuries, varieties of corn adapted to different soils, altitudes, temperature conditions and water availability, and Gonzalez said the seed stock handed down in their village in this corner of the Sierra Juarez range in central Oaxaca state probably wouldn't grow well just a few miles distant.
"In the sierra here, there are varieties of corn that grow as high as 3,000 meters," Gonzalez said, or nearly 10,000 feet. "There are varieties that can be planted in swampy land or that you can plant in semidesert areas. They may not be very productive but they have allowed people to survive."
Native varieties of corn have fed humans for millennia in Mesoamerica.
"The elders understand the importance of various types of corn because they had their fields in different places under different conditions," said Lilia Perez Santiago, an agricultural engineer who works for a state forestry bureau.
Perez was among the activists behind a petition in 2000 to the Montreal-based Commission for Environmental Cooperation, a panel created under the North American Free Trade Agreement. The petition claimed that genetically modified corn, altered to be pest resistant or herbicide tolerant, had drifted to southern Mexico and begun contaminating native varieties.
Four years later, the panel recommended to Mexico that it suspend modified corn imports and adopt strict labeling rules to allow the public to identify food products that contained such corn. Mexico ignored the recommendations, arguing that the ruling came into conflict with its obligations to open markets under trade pacts.
In late 2009, the government permitted a subsidiary of a U.S. conglomerate, Monsanto, to test genetically modified corn on isolated plots of about 240 acres in Sinaloa and Tamaulipas states in the north.
The head of Monsanto Mexico, Jose Manuel Madero, said at a news conference two weeks ago that the federal government demands further tests before allowing commercial farming of the genetically altered corn.
Madero said modified corn was in use in 20 countries around the world and would help Mexico raise agricultural productivity, cut its reliance on food imports and slash the use of herbicides, thereby protecting the environment.
Several scientists have joined a Mexican grass-roots campaign, known as Sin Maiz No Hay Pais, or There Is No Country Without Corn, to oppose the import or harvest of genetically changed corn.
"We have a nationwide survey that shows genetic contamination in Guanajuato, Yucatan, Veracruz and Oaxaca (states). We also know of some large-scale plantings in Chihuahua," said Elena Alvarez-Buylla Roces, a molecular geneticist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
They said lab analysis showed that some native varieties already carried altered genes.
"There is no possibility of coexistence without contamination," Alvarez-Buylla said. "One gene can make a large difference. Do we want to run the risk?"
Black-market brokers already sell genetically modified seed corn to farmers in the north of Mexico, opponents say, and bags of unmarked genetically altered corn have been found in the far south.
"The bags of corn are not secure. During transport, some bags break open and fall out. So there are many possible ways of contamination," Perez said.
The vast majority of farmers of native varieties select seeds each year to save for the next harvest, thus making what Alvarez-Buylla described as "active, dynamic genetic elements" prone to aberrations from genetic drift of altered corn.
Scientists don't know which varieties could prove useful for climate change.
"We don't really know if there is a variety with the most promise. Promise for what?" Alvarez-Buylla said, adding that future climate conditions are unknowable.
While the government maintains seed banks for native corn, Alvarez-Buylla said, "This is not a diversity that can be preserved in a laboratory."
Some farmers already are abandoning certain native varieties, unable to make a living harvesting their small plots.
"They get a price penalty for not growing uniform, large volumes of corn that the tortilla manufacturers want," said Timothy A. Wise, a rural policy expert at the Global Development and Environment Institute at Tufts University in Massachusetts.
Economic realities that make it increasingly unviable for farmers to grow native varieties may be as big a peril as genetic contamination, Wise said.
"If that traditional knowledge isn't passed from generation to generation and those farmers stop farming, then that seed variety is lost for economic reasons," they said.
In Mexico's cities, consumers have little taste for the native varieties of corn in their own country, offering no price advantage for the small farmers who are nurturing the nation's corn diversity.
"In urban areas," Gonzalez said, "they don't know about the varieties. All they know is that the dining room table must have tortillas on it."
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
In Mexico's Oaxaca, new political order rolls up its sleeves
Videotaped killing of grieving Mexican mother stirs a nation
As Mexico's organ grinders age, a love affair fades
Follow developments in Mexico at McClatchy's Mexico Unmasked
Some teachers have spoken out publicly against extending the concealed gun policy to campus, fearful that an unstable student — who now, ostensibly, could be legally armed in their classrooms — might hurt them or a fellow student.
Photo
Last month, the chairperson of the Faculty Assembly at the campus in Boulder, Jerry Peterson, told The Boulder Daily Camera that they would cancel class if they discovered one of their students was carrying a gun. And on Friday, faculty members gathered to discuss how to overturn the policy through legislative channels.
Gun rights proponents, conversely, have argued that lawful gun owners should not be precluded from protecting themselves on college campuses, and they contend that gun bans make those campuses less safe.
Besides, they say, anyone disturbed enough to open fire is not going to heed university policy.
“This gives us the right to protect ourselves, where currently, many colleges suspend that right,” said David Burnett, a spokesperson for Students for Concealed Carry, a national group that advocates for the right to carry legally permitted guns on public college and university campuses.
According to the group, more than 200 colleges and universities in the country allow individuals to carry concealed firearms.
“Very often people come back and say allowing students to carry guns is a crazy, paranoid idea,” Mr. Burnett said. “But we're not just talking about letting students carry guns. It's only those people who already have the permits.”
Ever since a shooting at Virginia Tech University left 33 people dead in 2007, the issue of whether guns should be allowed on campuses has been hotly debated in statehouses around the country.
Photo
Some 21 states have an outright ban on concealed weapons on campuses, according to data compiled last month by the National Conference of State Legislatures. Two dozen states leave it up to individual universities and colleges to decide.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Five states — Oregon, Mississippi, Wisconsin, Utah and Colorado — now have provisions permitting the carrying of concealed weapons on campuses, the group said.
The controversy here dates to 2008, when a conservative legal foundation brought suit against the University of Colorado on behalf of two students and an alumnus from the school's Colorado Springs and Denver branches.
The suit was initially dismissed, but the state appeals court overturned the dismissal. After the university appealed, Colorado's Supreme Court held that the school's gun ban, in place for more than 40 years, violated a 2003 state law allowing concealed firearms.
John Davis, one of the plaintiffs in the case, and then a graduate student at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs, said they had wanted to carry their Ruger p90 pistol on campus for protection, as they often found themselves leaving school alone at night.
“I felt that the right to defend me and my family shouldn't be taken away because some people are afraid of firearms and nervous around them,” said Mr. Davis, an Army veteran.
Photo
In the wake of the ruling, university officials have sought to soothe faculty fears, recently creating a policy that requires students who want to bring their firearms on campus to live in separate graduate student apartments and cottages.
Colorado law requires anyone with a concealed carry permit to be at least 21 years old. But the prospect of inserting a number of armed students, however small, into traditional college dorm life was a concern nonetheless, said Bronson Hilliard, a university spokesperson. Of the school's nearly 30,000 students, no one has requested the special housing yet, Mr. Hilliard said, and it is unclear how many students, if any, currently carry concealed guns. The university has continued to ban guns at ticketed athletic and cultural events.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But that has not quieted the nervousness among faculty members. This month, the University of Colorado Boulder provost, Russell Moore, convened a widely attended town hall meeting to address the issue.
“What was explained to the faculty was first of all, we understand what you're saying, your fears, your concerns and your doubts,” Mr. Hilliard said. “But just being concerned about the situation doesn't allow any faculty member to simply cancel class or refuse to teach someone because of the mere concern that somebody is exercising their concealed carry rights in the classroom.”
At the campus meeting on Friday, State Representative Claire Levy, a Democrat from Boulder, said they planned to introduce a bill during the coming legislative session that would let the university's Board of Regents decide whether guns should be allowed.
About 30 faculty members peppered Ms. Levy with questions, some raising their personal concerns about the new policy.
“The classroom is a place where judgment is levied upon individuals, not unlike a court of law,” said Noah Molotch, an assistant professor of geography. “You interject a firearm and there's potential for a confrontation.”
Turtle
Turtles slow, stuborn and tough. Living in the ocean, turtles mostly prefer to live by themselves. When a turtle does decide to venture out its usualy for wanderlust or the want for new experinces.
Photo Credit
Slawomir Maniak
Turtle Traits
Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution increases by 2.
Age. Turtles mature by 30 and live to around 300 years old.
Alignment. Turtles are typically neutral.
Size. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Walking speed is 15 feet, swimming speed is 40 feet.
Turtle Shell. Your base AC is 13 + your constitution modifier. Additionaly you cannot wear armor unless it is specially made for turtle shells.
Turtle Up. As a bonus action you can withdraw.Your speed is 0, your vision's range is limited to 5 feet and you gain a plus 4 bonuses to AC. It takes a full action to come out from your shell.
Turtle Lungs. You can hold your breath for 30 minutes.
Languages. You know Draconic and Common.
Yet again we come across another mysterious force of nature known as the electro magnetic fields of the earth, Shuman Resonance or better kn...
http://humansarefree.com/2016/07/ley-lines-key-to-unlocking-matrix.html
Yet again we come across another mysterious force of nature known as the electro magnetic fields of the earth, Shuman Resonance or better known as ley lines.
What Are Ley-Lines?
How Long Have Human Beings Known About Ley Lines?
Could this in fact be what the golden halos depicted on all spiritual figures throughout history represented?
“As Above So Below”
These are the keys to Hermes' Geomancy:
“The 7 Keys to higher levels of consciousness.”
The Principle of Mentalism (The Universe is Mental, the All is Infinite Mind, which is the fundamental reality and the womb of all universes). The Principle of Correspondence (Whatever is Below is like unto that which is Above, and whatever is Above is like that which is Below, to accomplish the miracles of The One). The Principle of Vibration (Nothing rests; everything moves and vibrates). The Principle of Polarity (Everything is dual, has poles, and pairs of opposites). The Principle of Rhythm (Everything has its tides, its rise and fall, its equal pendulum swings to the right and left, its peaks and troughs). The Principle of Causation (Every effect has its Cause, every Cause has its Effect, all proceeding by Law, never by chance). The Principle of Gender (Everything has its “masculine” and “feminine” aspects).
Ever wondered what your truly best times to Tweet are? Knowing when you can reach most of your friends and followers can have a huge impact. We found that it can increase the number of clicks by 200%, double your retweets and considerably increase your Klout score.
So, over the past few weeks, we over here at Buffer sat down with the team from SocialBro and brainstormed a solution for you.
SocialBro is a wonderful Social Media dashboard that gives you a huge amount of information about your Twitter account. Personally I have been very successful understanding more where my followers are from, whom I engage with the most and much more.
And as of today, SocialBro also integrates with Buffer. This works in the most hassle free way possible. Simply with the click of one button.
SocialBro's algorithm finds out the time when most of your followers are online to see your Tweets. With one click, you can now set up these optimal times inside your Buffer.
Yes, it really is that simple. To show you, our friends over at SocialBro made a super short 1-minute video to show you how this works:
How to get your best times to Tweet report
If you aren't the video viewing kind of person, here is a quick walk through for you. Setting up your best times to Tweet won't take longer than one minute. The first thing you can do is head to SocialBro's site and create an account (it's free).
From there, you will find a great amount of different features you can explore. To get your report on when your optimal Tweeting times, simply click “Best time to Tweet”.
Configuring your best times from SocialBro inside Buffer
Now, SocialBro takes some time and crunches the numbers for you. They go over your Twitter followers and check on each of them, when they are posting Tweets. What you end up with is a great visual report from SocialBro graphing when most of your friends are online.
Now, whilst knowing this information is useful, it is even more powerful to start Tweeting right at these times. This is where Buffer comes in. With clicking on “configure in Buffer” you will be able to automagically set these times inside Buffer.
This means that whenever you are adding Tweets to your Buffer from now on, they will be posted at your pre-set times under “settings”.
Optimizing your schedule for Buffer
What I like best about how the SocialBro team solved this is that you are still able to decide which frequency of daily Tweets you want to pick. They give you a table of their optimal Tweeting times and you can easily change it to your needs.
Of course, you can also go back to your “settings” inside Buffer at any point and change your times from SocialBro. Here is how your dashboard looks for this:
How does this help your Tweeting?
Of course, the main reason for our collaboration with SocialBro is to help you get more out of your Twitter efforts. With this power combination, you should be able to do two things very easily:
find your optimal Tweeting times from SocialBro
easily post at these times from any website or Twitter.com with Buffer
Whilst we are yet about to release a full study, I have personally already noticed that both click through rate and retweet rate has picked up significantly. The guys at SocialBro must definitely be doing something right with their algorithm.
Over to you now. I hope you will try out this combo too. Do you think this could help to make your Tweets perform better too?
Originally written Dec 28, 2011. Last updated Mar 18, 2016
75 years ago most people pierced their ears at home, young girls going so far as to organize "piercing parties" with their friends; 500 years before that, earrings were the mark of nobility. So while the modern age hasn't brought us the rocket cars we were promised in our youth, we can at least be thankful that the new generation isn't getting together on a Friday night to push hot metal through their earlobes--although they might still put on princely airs from time to time.
The earrings in this series are perfect examples of the quirky, playful, and unique. From retro NES iconography to tiny balls of knitting yarn, there is something here that will please everyone, or perhaps act as inspiration from some guilty-pleasure shopping on Etsy.
A man who was shot and killed by an off-duty Santa Ana police officer Monday was unarmed, a Sheriff's Department official said Thursday.
Jason Richard Bitz, 23, of Long Beach died Monday about 6:30 a.m. near Rynerson Park in Lakewood.
According to sheriff's officials, the off-duty officer said they heard noises outside their home on Longworth Avenue, went outside and found two people trying to break into a vehicle parked across the street.
According to the account of the officer, whose name was not disclosed, when the officer confronted the men, they ran and they pursued them in their personal car. During the pursuit, the officer got out of their car and somehow Bitz got into the vehicle's driver's seat. The officer told sheriff's officials that Bitz reached into their waistband and the officer fired their gun four times.
A family friend says Bitz was helping to change a tire, not trying to steal a vehicle. Bitz had been given $12 to help change the tire on a van and was doing so at about 6 a.m. when the off-duty officer came out of their home, said Rita Gomez, a drug and alcohol counselor and friend of the Bitz family. They were given the keys to the vehicle by the owner's son, they said.
Bitz, they said, "was not a saint. They were on parole. That's probably why they ran."
But, they added, "this kid was not breaking into anything ... they aren't stealing anything. And they shot him."
Sheriff's officials are looking into whether Bitz had permission to use the car and the coroner's office has confirmed that they were unarmed when they were shot, said sheriff's Lt. Eddie Hernandez. Authorities are still looking for the second suspect.
ALSO:
Selena Gomez's accused stalker pleads not guilty
Victim in Lakewood Wal-Mart baseball bat killing identified
Occupy Oakland: Tense scene after protester struck by car
-- Paloma Esquivel
Photo: Investigators from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department are at the scene of a shooting in Lakewood, where an off-duty Santa Ana police officer shot and killed a man they said was trying to steal a car. Credit: Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times
The juxtaposition of belonging and rebellion permeates popular culture and fashion, with the yearning to fit in being combatted by the desire to stand out and push back against societal norms.
The new Coach 1941 Men's Spring Collection takes this notion and runs with it, creating a line of contemporary and forward-thinking men's apparel that draws inspiration from the classic beatnik, biker gang counterculture of decades past.
Coach and GQ collaborated with West Coast model, bike enthusiast, and overall badass Levi Stocke to develop curated looks that pay homage to the iconic late 60s film Easy Rider, combining nostalgic iconography with modern day style know-how.
With the iconic California mountainside as their backdrop, Levi's look, consisting of the Coach Barracuda jacket and graphic t-shirt complimented by the Coach FLAG backpack in pebble leather creates a nostalgic Americana vibe perfectly suited for the winding hillside roads of the west coast.
Nothing says badass biker quite like a classic leather jacket. Levi kicks it up a notch with this Coach Mashup Moto Barracuda Jacket, their Coach button up short sleeve top, and Leather Jeans.
By infusing a palette of all-American workwear colors with the sensibility of luxury style, the Coach 1941 Men's Spring 2017 Collection invokes a sense of classic style while also pushing the boundaries of modern men's fashion. So, throw on your leather jacket and pants, hop on your bike, and ride off into the sunset.
“When we use these reviews and evaluations to assess people, we need to keep in mind that the way people write them is really culturally conditioned," Mr. Schmidt said.
We've heard about these stereotypes before. Sheryl Sandberg, the Facebook executive who wrote “Lean In," has said that women are called bossy when they show the same behaviors that in men are called assertive. As Ms. Sandberg and Adam Grant, a business professor, wrote in a New York Times article today about men and women in the office, “A man who doesn't help is ‘busy'; a woman is ‘selfish.'”
Image Results for a search of "genius" on the interactive chart show students are likelier to apply this word to their male professors.
A recent report on 248 tech company employee performance reviews found that women are much more likely to receive critical feedback than men, and women who are leaders are more likely to be described as abrasive, aggressive and emotional. McSweeney's captured this double standard in a humor piece titled “Reasons You Were Not Promoted That Are Totally Unrelated to Gender.”
Studies have also shown that students can be biased against female professors. In one, teachers graded and returned papers to students at the exact same time, but when asked to rate their promptness, students gave female professors lower scores than men. Biases cut both ways — teachers have also been found to believe girls are not as good in math and science, even when they perform similarly to boys.
Mr. Schmidt, who made the chart as part of a project called Bookworm for searching and visualizing large texts, said they were struck by “this spectrum from smart to brilliant to genius, where each one of those is more strongly gendered male than the previous one was." They were also surprised that relatively few people commented on female professors' clothing or looks, which they had expected to be the case.
Governor Nimrata Randhawa “Nikki” Haley was riding high following their simply competent response to Barack Obama's final State of the Union address. As was to be expected, they have now gone back to their usual self and is making absolutely no damn sense.
A MSNBC producer tweeted a quote from an interview with the South Carolina governor, in which—particularly given their recent history of being supposedly pleased to see the Confederate flag taken down from the SC statehouse even though she'd defended it, before nine black people got gunned down in a church—Haley seems to display a deep and unfathomable misunderstanding of American history.
Hm.
Them full remarks, as they note, don't make any more sense.
Advertisement
Oh Nikki. Who taught you that? No, seriously, who taught you that?
And so we have another classic case of an unfortunately recurring question: is Nikki Haley dumb or evil? Certainly, Nikki Haley has heard of Jim Crow or the Japanese Internment during World War II. Certainly, the Black Codes must ring a bell somewhere. In response to their quote, someone on Twitter pointed out that the United States used to deny citizenship to Sikhs. Haley was born into an Indian Sikh family. Seems like a thing they might know!
So there's a slight possibility that Nikki Haley is ignorant beyond imagination and despite holding high public office, has no clue about the basic history of their country. That's a slight chance. What's more likely is that she's just being an asshole.
Advertisement
Let's sit with Haley's statement for one more moment. “We've never, in the history of this country, passed any laws or done anything based on race or religion.” Really, girl? Really? Anything at all? You might want to double-check on that with some black Americans, Americans of Japanese descent and Americans of Chinese descent. Some 19th century Irish immigrants may want to have a word with you, as would a few Italians. And hey, I know it sounds crazy, but even Muslims in America miiiight disagree with you too.
All of this is to say: I am no fan of Nikki Haley, but I do not believe she's that dumb about American history. What I do believe is that she's deliberately telling flat-out lies that they think—perhaps correctly—that people will believe. This election cycle has shown nothing so clearly as the fact that it's incredibly easy to pander to the large segment of Americans who truly don't understand American history.
Contact the author at kara.brown@jezebel.com .
Image via Getty.
Image caption Violin teacher Frances Andrade was found dead after giving evidence
A charity for adults who were abused in childhood has said the way prosecutions are brought must change after a victim took their own life during a trial.
Frances Andrade was found dead less than a week after they faced Michael Brewer at Manchester Crown Court.
Following Brewer's conviction for indecently assaulting her, their family said "the court system let them down".
The National Association for People Abused in Childhood's Pete Saunders said the "legal system has to change".
They said a conclusion such as the one in Mrs Andrade's case was "not as uncommon as it should be".
'Ashamed of themselves'
"She is another victim not only of the people who abused her, but the British legal system too," they said.
"The people who put them through the trauma of the court case should be ashamed of themselves.
"Child abuse is a unique crime and it should be dealt with very sensitively. Instead, it is dealt with as if it were any other sort of crime."
Image caption Michael and Hilary Brewer had denied all charges at Manchester Crown Court
They added that they had "no doubt whatsoever that the way they were treated would have led directly to them taking their own life".
Speaking after the case, Oliver Andrade said during the trial their mother was forced to relive the many times the choir director had sexually abused them
The Crown Prosecution Service said it had tried to help them through the case.
And speaking at the end of the trial, Judge Martin Rutland praised all counsel for their conduct in the case.
Yvonne Traynor of the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre said that while they were "sure the judge thinks the system worked within the guidelines, what we need to be looking at is what those guidelines are and whether they protect people".
"This was a tragedy waiting to happen," they said.
"We need more support for survivors so they know what their rights are and they are able to talk about their fears with someone who is independent."
'Exceptionally uncomfortable'
Mrs Andrade, 47. who lived in Guildford, Surrey, was abused while living with the Brewers while they were a pupil at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester in the 1970s.
Victims who have suffered sexual abuse have every right to seek whatever help they need Det Ch Supt Mary Doyle, Greater Manchester Police
Michael Brewer, 68, and Hilary Brewer, 67, also known as Kay, were found guilty of sexually abusing Mrs Andrade when they were 14 and 15.
Brewer was cleared of raping the victim when they were 18 and Mrs Brewer was cleared of aiding and abetting rape.
Oliver Andrade said being called a "liar" and a "fantasist" at the court was "more than even they could bear".
They said their mother had been advised by the police not to receive therapy until the end of the case and that, although their mother had praised police, the court system meant the Brewers had more than a year to prepare for the case yet they did not.
Greater Manchester Police's Det Ch Supt Mary Doyle said it was the force's "policy and practice to encourage victims to seek whatever support they need".
"The advice to Frances not to seek support may have been given by another party but it was not the advice of Greater Manchester Police," they said.
A spokesperson for Surrey Police said it was the force's policy to "encourage victims to seek appropriate support".
They added that the death of Mrs Andrade was "extremely saddening and we will review our involvement in their case".
Protecting witnesses
The Crown Prosecution Service said Mrs Andrade had agreed to give evidence in court and had restated their willingness to do so on several occasions both before and during the trial.
It said in a statement that they were also consulted before the Brewers were charged, and that a dedicated witness care officer was assigned to explain the trial process.
And the CPS also said prosecutor Peter Cadwallader was selected for their skill in handling sensitive cases, adding that it had applied for special measures to shield Mrs Andrade in court.
However, they declined to use them so they could face the defendants, the CPS said.
Mrs Andrade's death was revealed in court on 24 January while the jury was not present.
Judge Rutland put a temporary ban on reporting the death while the trial continued and kept it from jurors until after it had concluded.
Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann Thursday refused to say if they thought reparative therapy could “change gay people into being straight” because it was not relevant to their campaign.
“Recent reporting has revealed the clinic you co-own with your husband engages in a kind of therapy that helps people get over their homosexuality,” National Press Club president Mark Hamrick told Bachmann. “Do you believe that reparative therapy can change gay people into being straight and has any federal funding gone for your clinic?”
“Well, I'm extremely proud of my husband and I have tremendous respect and admiration for them and we'll celebrate our 33rd wedding anniversary this coming September,” Bachmann began. “But I am running for the presidency of the United States.”
“My husband is not running for the presidency. Neither are my children, neither is our business, neither is our foster children,” they said. “I am more than happy to stand for questions on running for the presidency of the United States.”
“To be clear, you don't believe your personal finances are something that should be questioned by the American people?” Hamrick asked.
“I am running for the presidency of the United States and I have no doubt that every jot and tittle of my life will be looked at and inspected prior to November 2012,” Bachmann replied.
Watch this video from the National Press Club, broadcast July 28, 2011.
[UPDATE: this post has been cross-posted to r/conspiracy: https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/5vv0be/repeat_after_me_the_cia_is_evil_and_it_is_the_key/]
Let's make this a thread to summarize the evidence for the primary source of #pizzagate, within the United States, being the Central Intelligence Agency.
Five months ago, in October, I discovered FBIanon. I was just a normal Trump supporter who stumbled upon the FBIanon transcripts from 4chan. Reading those transcripts led me down five months of intensive investigation learning about the history of political conspiracy theories in the United States. I had never entertained a political conspiracy theory before in my life. When I read FBIanon write "9/11 was Mossad," I laughed. Well, I don't laugh any more.
What's fascinating is that I noticed a common theme in all of the conspiracy theories. They all involved the CIA. Every single fucking time.
So let's make a list. I will update the post with more information as people bring it in.
Three other famous Satanic/kidnapping rings were linked to the CIA:
Of course, we already know that the CIA does evil things. For example, the following are undisputed, public knowledge, and listed on Wikipedia:
In addition to these, I will add that the CIA is connected to other conspiracies:
The CIA was basically setup, after World War 2, and filled with Nazis, to perform black operations, under the cover of the law, to benefit U.S. corporate interests. The CIA has basically been selling heroin and cocaine, almost since the day it was created, to self-fund its black operations (first selling heroin out of Cuba). Attempted reforms, like the Church Committee and the Boland Amendment, were effectively ignored. Because the CIA operates under secrecy without meaningful discipline, and because people are too scared about the destabalizing effect of exposing its corruption (after JFK, 9/11, etc.), the CIA's corruption just grows like a cancer.
It's not a coincidence that Donald Trump's first speech to a federal agency was at the CIA. They knew from the first day that 9/11 involved controlled demolition. They went right into the belly of the beast, but I'm not sure that they knew the full danger. Roger Stone says that the only person in the CIA who likes Donald Trump is their choice for CIA Director, Mike Pompeo.
My dream is for Donald Trump to march the National Guard into the CIA offices at Langley and drain the swamp.
But perhaps nothing will happen. It's been one month and there are no real #pizzagate arrests.
We'll see.
A Sunshine Week look at the most egregious, embarrassing, and downright █████ uses of the black box
If you only have a hammer, then every problem looks like a nail - and as we've learned over the years from many an overenthusiastic FOIA officer, if you only have a Sharpie, then every document looks classified. As part of our Sunshine Week coverage, we put together a list of the most ridiculous redactions we've (un)seen.
Amtrak's Yes We Have No Snack Car
It took Amtrak a little over nine months to process Conor Skelding's request for complaints regarding its lounge cars. While at first that may not seem like the kind of task that would require the same time it takes to fully gestate a human being, it appears that the FOIA officer took Conor's request a bit … literally and redacted all complaints except those regarding the lounge car, giving you gems like this:
And this one, a horrifying short story in its own right.
B(6), the Beyoncé Exemption
In 2013, there was controversy abounded when The Times of London alleged that Beyoncé's perfect rendition of the “Star Spangled Banner” during Obama's second inauguration was the work of lip-syncing. Unperturbed, MuckRock's founder Michael Morisy seized on this as an opportunity to use FOIA to release those tracks, providing public-domain Bey for all. Sadly, their efforts were thwarted by a combination of FOIA not working that way, and of all things, John Williams. Yes, that John Williams.
Adding insult to injury (a phrase that will come up more than once in this article), Michael's follow-up request for the processing notes on their request included a very notable omission.
Yes, despite it being a request about the very public performance of a very public figure, Beyoncé's name was redacted, fittingly, under b(6), FOIA's privacy exemption …
But what a strong, independent b(6) they are.
Bureau of Prisons' Record Breaking Non-release
Also in 2013, the Justice Department's Criminal Division was widely ridiculed for “releasing” 15 completely redacted pages to the ACLU.
Well, apparently there's a inter-departmental competition on wasted ink, because earlier this year, fellow DOJ component the federal Bureau of Prisons responded to Beryl Lipton's request for contracts with nearly 150 functionally blank pages … and to add insult to injury (see?), each page was rendered in an inexplicably hideous shade of bureaucratic yellow.
Adding additional insult to the already insulted injury, this was a physical release, so each of those pages had to be scanned in manually.
The CIA's Redaction Game Goes Meta
While we wrote about this just last week, we're only now grasping the implications - the CIA spent over a year on John Kirsch's request regarding JFK assassination researcher Mary Ferrell, and their final response was just a copy of their original request, with the very dead Ferrell's social security number scratched out.
Which means the CIA have achieved the impossible and managed to release less information through FOIA than we had to begin with. Begrudging respect, that's taking “less is more” to the next level.
The DEA's Pretty Sure You're Okay with █████
Back in 2014, CJ Ciaramella received training slides from the DEA regarding the sinister-sounding, and ultimately, sinister-being practice of “parallel construction,” which encourages agents to hide evidence chains obtained from covert surveillance techniques, particularly the ethically ambiguous ones. To that end, the instructor differentiates between methods that Americans are chill with and ones that they are decidedly less chill with. Number one among chill-with methods is █████.
While the fact that this method is so acceptable you don't even need to know its name might raise some eyebrows, this next slide should assuage all your lingering legal doubts.
See? Nothing to worry about.
Somehow, what was left in the slides manages to be even less comforting that what was taken out - including some not-at-all-inappropriate Dirty Harry trivia to make sure folks are paying attention.
The IRS's Mission: Incredible Waste of Time and Money
Last year, Alex Richardson filed several requests to the IRS regarding their embattled Whistleblower's Officer, which has been charitably described as “intentionally undermined.” Seeing as the agency had already gone far enough to break out the “neither confirm nor deny” denial on the subject, we didn't get our hopes up … which is why we were caught off-guard when a CD of “responsive documents” arrived in the mail.
Even more enticingly, the CD was encrypted, with a note that further instructions would come in the mail. Cue strings.
Sure enough, a day later those instructions came, and even though they were a tad on the underwhelming side (the passcode turned out to be “FOIAis” and the tracking number) we were eager to get our hands on the obviously valuable information contained therein, which turned out to be … six completely redacted pages.
At least one staff member self-destructed in 30 seconds.
Finally, to add iInsult to iInjury, the encryption program only works on Windows - so Apple users can't even access the nothing they've got.
The NYPD's Pigpen Exemption
Not all redactions are intentional - after Shawn Musgrave successfully fought the NYPD's claim that they hadn't “reasonably described” the very specific form they had requested by using the very specific form number, they relented and handed over a copy. Although, apparently, first they rubbed a diarrhetic squid over it …
and then they handed over a copy. Significantly more legible was the cover letter that came with the release, demanding a $1.25 for copying fees. Insult, injury, etcetera.
In a rare FOIA-ry Tale ending, Shawn pushed back on grounds that, well, they were kinda actually hoping to read the thing, and the NYPD coughed up a clean copy. As for our calimari friend, looks like they were adopted by the FCC.
The Sobering, Staggering Conclusion
Five years ago, before everyone and their libertarian uncle were up in arms about bulk data collection, Jason Smathers requested talking points from the NSA. Nearly two years later, this request produced perhaps the pinnacle of the FOIA officer's art form - “These are sobering findings.“
Often imitated …
But never duplicated, we keep the original copy above the MuckRock coffee machine as a daily reminder that sunlight isn't just the best disinfectant …
but it's a pretty decent check on self-importance, too.
Happy Sunshine Week, everybody!
Image via Brad Heath
[Image shows a stack of wooden alphabet blocks with the text “Appropriate” Play beneath it.]
If you are the parent of or work with autistic children, no doubt you've heard the term “appropriate play”. Starting from toddler-hood you hear warnings that you need to teach “appropriate play”, that only certain kinds of play are okay and other kinds, like lining up objects or watching wheels spin, are inappropriate. These kinds of play are said to be dangerous, isolating, “red flags”, wrong. Children who like playing this way will be said to have “poor play skills” or “score low” in play skills.
This is, quite simply, a load of garbage. The whole concept of scoring play is ludicrous. What does that even mean? Let's think about the definition of play; what is “play”? The Merriam-Webster definition is: “recreational activity; especially: the spontaneous activity of children”. I think of playing as a form of leisure, which is what people do when they're not working or focusing on a task or obligation, right? Its sole purpose is to bring enjoyment to the person doing it.
How, then, can we say that an autistic child's way of relaxing and seeking happiness is wrong? This kind of thinking is based on the idea that there is one “normal” type of brain and that all other brains are “wrong”. This is ableism – discrimination or prejudice against people with disabilities. In our family we embrace the Neurodiversity Paradigm. The Neurodiversity Paradigm states that there is natural variation in people's neurologies/brains and that this should be accepted and valued. There is no single “correct” type of neurology upon which all others should be measured, just as there is no single correct type of gender, ethnicity, or race.
In professional evaluations our son, H, scores low in play skills. It's unfathomable to me that a bunch of people can observe my beautiful, happy child and come away with a list of deficits and things they think they are doing wrong.
As a baby, H mouthed and explored toys. They watched wheels spin, turned toys upside down to look at the screws on the bottom, and tried to see how they worked. They really enjoyed musical toys, toys with lights, and anything that spun.
As a toddler, they lined up objects or arranged them in groups all around the room. Sometimes they played with toys the way they were intended to be played with but lots of times they didn't. They would make patterns with legos or toy silverware. Other times it seemed that they were creating arrangements of objects spaced out perfectly into a design all over the couch or the floor.
One of their absolute favorite things was to unpack a case of water bottles and move them from one side of the room to the other. There was a period of time where they loved holding a soft object in one hand and a hard object in another and holding them above their head and shaking them to see how that looked. All of these things made them happy. Some calmed him, some made them really excited.
During the time that they were getting services through Early Intervention, I was constantly being told by therapists that worked with us that I should be interrupting this type of play. That we needed to be careful because they could become isolated and they needed to learn how to play the “right” way. There were warnings that if we “let” them hold 2 crayons in one hand that they might develop a “bad habit” of always wanting to have 2 crayons and that we should take them away and not let them do that. I was told that if they were lining up cars that I should turn one the wrong way and mess up their pattern. If they were lining up animals, start showing them how they *should* be playing with them instead by making the animals pretend to eat or sleep or talk to each other. As you can imagine, this is really annoying for the person trying to play! I chose not to listen to that kind of advice and to play alongside him, their way, instead.
This type of repetitive playing or organizing objects or exploring how things work is nothing to fear. It can be very self soothing. It might be a way to organize their environment that makes sense to them in a world that is not set up for autistic people. It may be a way to have enjoyable sensory experiences or a way to tune into an activity and filter out sensory stimuli. It can be a form of self care that can be used into adulthood as a way to unwind. It is also just *fun*, which, after all, is the entire point of play.
Autistic children may play in unique ways. This is okay. It is unnecessary and unkind to deliberately interrupt a child's play to try to make them do it “right”. Unfortunately, autistic people already experience so much pressure to interact and play and socialize and behave the same way that the neuromajority does, despite the personal cost. The effort it takes just to get through the day in a world that feels so intense and that isn't designed for your brain can be debilitating. Being told that your way of playing, acting, *being* is wrong is devastating psychologically. Wouldn't it be wonderful if neurotypical people extended a hand and met autistic people halfway instead of constantly asking them to change to make other people more comfortable? Accept and value the fact that people are different. Maybe even join in for their favorite activities once in awhile.
We have always encouraged H's interests and favorite ways of playing. I find ways to be a part of the activity or just hang out with them and watch while they play. I do show them all different ways to play with things by playing with them myself, just like how I model all different kinds of language by using it myself. Sometimes they love my ideas and other times they aren't interested and wants to do their own thing. Above all, they know they are loved and accepted for who they are and that home is a safe place where they can unwind and be himself, among the people and things they love.
As a parent, if you're surrounded by professionals that are spouting the panic narrative that children must learn appropriate play skills during this tiny toddler window of opportunity “or else”, it's easy to get swept into a panic every time your child starts lining things up or doing whatever their favorite activity is. This can harm the parent-child relationship and cause stress at home, the place where a family is supposed to find repose and comfort to be themselves. Instead, take a deep breath and remember that this type of play is okay and not harmful. Sit back and marvel at how amazing it is that your beautiful child can become so engrossed in an activity that brings them joy. Try playing what they are – you might find it enjoyable, too! If not, that's okay. Everyone plays differently! 😉
-Stay tuned for an upcoming post about how H's play has evolved and changed over the years and how acceptance looks in our family.-
Advertisements
I think that sudo is become a wide used command with Ubuntu, where you don't even have a root password, before that probably it was used only in some data-centers to restrict access to some commands.
sudo allows a permitted user to execute a command as the superuser or another user, as specified in the sudoers file.
In this article I will show some uses a little less common for this command, for a general description of the command you could read the page about sudo on wikipedia
1)
sudo !! sudo !!
you wanted to give a command as root but you forgot to use sudo ? Don't worry with this command you'll use the history combined with sudo, the argument !! has the same meaning that !-1 , so this command runs your last command as root.
Obviously this could be used also as
sudo ! - 2 sudo !-2
if you give another command after the one you want to run as root, but take care on which command are you running as root.
2)
sudo -i sudo -i
you can use this command to have an interactive shell as root.
To have a shell with a different user use the format
sudo -u username -i sudo -u username -i
The -i (simulate initial login) option runs the shell specified in the passwd entry of the target user as a login shell. This means that login-specific resource files such as .profile or .login will be read by the shell. If a command is specified, it is passed to the shell for execution. Otherwise, an interactive shell is executed.
3) Sudo output redirection, thanks to petur.eu:
We are faced with a problem when trying to redirect with sudo, as the second part of the command is not executed with root privileges.
sudo command > outputfile <>—-root——<>—user—<>
The solution is to use;
‘sudo tee' instead of the ‘>' operator,
‘sudo tee -a' instead of the ‘>>' operator.
sudo command | sudo tee outputfile <>—–root—–<>——-root——<>
4)
:w ! sudo tee % :w !sudo tee %
This command can be used in your vi/vim to save a file you have opened and edited as a user, but you can not save with your user rights. In this way you don't have to save the file in /tmp, become root and move the file from /tmp to the real place.
Popular Posts:
None Found
UPDATE So I took pictures this Christmas with my cat and their part of the secret santa gift. Needless to say I think they enjoyed it!
FIRST AND FOR MOST A WARNING THIS IS GONNA BE LONG.
Now the backstory: after a bit of shipping trouble I finally received this package. I had just come home from a late final feeling drained, and there was the unexpected package on my doorstep. It was like a little reward for me completing my final exam.
I take this package up to my apartment and can't wait to open it. I'll go into the items in the photos.
When you look at the photos keep in mind my dislikes/likes:
Likes: Outdoors, Leather, Handmade, Woodwork, DIY, Metalwork, Traveling
Dislikes: Mass production, candy, being in an office, short hair, energy drinks, sprouts on my sandwich.
Also, I have a Siberian Forest cat named "Sochi," and I play Destiny the game pretty frequently, though not as much lately because of school.
Now my reaction to the gifts was disbelief. I couldn't believe that a complete stranger that I didn't know put so much time and effort into this.
As I unwrapped each gift I could tell there was actual thought and care put into each one, and that was a pretty touching. The Santa's effort and care got me right in the feels.
I cannot thank my Santa enough for their gift this year, and 10/10 I will do this again only to put this much effort into what I give next year.
Thank you jhenderson3209, seriously. You have kickstarted me into overdrive with the holiday spirit!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all! I hope yours are especially great this year Santa!
***Sorry for poor picture quality haha I only have my phone available to take the photos.
The Standing Committee on Health is expected to begin hearings on Bill C-45, the Cannabis Act by this September, says committee vice-chair Don Davies. Committee member and NDP Justice Critic Alistair MacGregor will also be joining Davies to discuss aspects of the bill.
Although there have been rumours of a summer session for the Health Committee, Davies says they spoke with committee Chair Bill Casey about the issue on Friday and they had indicated they will likely begin to look at the bill when they return in the fall.
“I've heard those rumours, as well,” said Davies in a phone interview with Lift today. “I had a brief discussion with Bill Casey, and their indication was that we would begin to study the bill in September. They indicated that there was some desire expressed by certain parts of the government to hold summer hearings, but it was their view that it was better to start in September.”
Davies says they think this timeline makes sense, as the proposed legislation is complicated and important, and the committee's job is to carefully consider all aspects of the bill and hear from a variety of Canadians before providing their report back the House.
“It appears to me that September is the appropriate time to begin the study for a number of reasons: it's extremely important legislation, I don't think it should be rushed. I know that there's great interest in the Canadian public and a wide variety of stakeholders in this legislation, I think that it's important to get it right, and and frankly there's no urgency to it.”
“The Trudeau government has indicated that it wants this legislation in place for July 1, 2018, which is over a year from now, and that gives them an entire parliamentary year from September to June to move through all the proper stages including the House and Senate. So I see no reason to rush it, and I think we want to make sure that we canvas this bill in the detail it deserves and hear from as wide a part of society as possible on it.”
Davies says they will be joined on the committee by NDP Justice Critic Alistair MacGregor, who spoke extensively on the bill during its second reading. This is in part because Davies says they expected this bill to deal with by the Justice Committee, not the Health Committee.
“Quite honestly, we had thought this bill would go to Justice [Committee] for a couple reasons. It was introduced by the justice minister, so she's the minister of record, and quite honestly most of the provisions in the bill, I think, really come from a justice point of view, although I recognize that there's significant health angle as well. So we've sat down and I can tell you that we'll be meeting in the next weeks and in the summer to work together and we will be appearing at the committee together.”
MacGregor is an associate member of the standing committee, and as such, can substitute for committee members like Davies. Standing committees are made up of of members of the House of Commons.
Macgregor also says they have spoken to committee chair Casey and they have indicated that they were not going to start looking at the bill until after the summer break, when they will begin drawing up a list of potential witnesses, etc.
“There's a whole range of witnesses we'll potentially look at. This is a 131 page bill, and it is a pretty revolutionary change to the current drug laws.”
MacGregor says they see many aspects of the bill that will need to be carefully scrutinized by experts, including many of the very strict penalties for violating aspects of the bill, like distributing outside the regulatory system or distributing to minors, to what the legal age should be and how this will impact provinces and municipalities. These were all issues vigorously debated during second reading.
“One of the provisions,” says Macgregor, “allows for an indictable offence of up to 14 years in prison. So we would want to get some expert testimony on that particular aspect of the bill. I think also, we need to open up engagement with representatives from the municipalities, maybe someone from the FCM (Federation of Canadian Municipalities), provincial governments, because there are a lot of parts of this bill that interact with other jurisdictions. For example, people can grow up to four plants in a residence. We may have concerns from people who have strat organizations and are worried about that.”
The Health Committee is scheduled to sit again this Tuesday to discuss an unrelated issue, but MacGregor says there's a chance they could formally discuss their plans for C-45. The committee will be meeting until the House breaks for summer, but MacGregor says there's a chance it could rise as early as late next week.
Those who interested in the process can go to the standing committee's website and send briefs to the clerk to submit their thoughts on C-45. Bill C-46 will also begin bearing heard by the Justice Committee next week. MacGregor sits on this committee, as well.
The Health Committee is chaired by Bill Casey (Liberal). Vice chairs are Len Webber (Conservative) and Don Davies (NDP), with over 100 associate members from the Conservative, Liberal and New Democrat parties.
Featured image by Chmee2.
Author Message
Integrity
Joined: 09 Mar 2006
Posts: 4324
Location: Columbia Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 9:40 am Post subject: Todd Heap's ad in todays Baltimore Sun
_________________
Former Ravens TE Todd Heap purchased a half page ad in today's Baltimore Sun to thank the owners, players, and fans for supporting them while they were here._________________
Regulate
Joined: 28 Mar 2010
Posts: 1394
Location: Charm City Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 9:53 am Post subject: Class act inside and out! Can't wait to yell "Heeeaaapppp" again come Sunday
diamondbull424
Joined: 02 Dec 2007
Posts: 13074
Location: Baltimore, MD Joined: 02 Dec 2007Posts: 13074Location: Baltimore, MD Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 10:17 am Post subject:
They just might get the most love of any opposing team's player in Raven's game history. In fact, I'd be willing to guarantee it. In retrospect, it would've been nice to still have them this year. They were a definite security blanket for Flacco to go to. But hey, the money wasn't on theirs side.
_________________
HEEEEEEEEEEEAAAPPP!!He just might get the most love of any opposing team's player in Raven's game history. In fact, I'd be willing to guarantee it. In retrospect, it would've been nice to still have them this year. They were a definite security blanket for Flacco to go to. But hey, the money wasn't on theirs side._________________
Boodgyman5220
Joined: 16 Dec 2005
Posts: 841
Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 12:24 pm Post subject:
_________________
i bet every catch they have this week will be met with heeeaaap screams. if anyone on that team is going to beat us i hope it is him_________________
wackywabbit
Joined: 20 Dec 2009
Posts: 11998
Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 7:00 pm Post subject: So sad we had to let them go. So sad we had to let them go.
Flaccomania
Joined: 12 Aug 2008
Posts: 33730
Location: Hashtag BirdCity Posted: Fri Oct 28, 2011 7:58 pm Post subject:
I hope, regardless of whether or not they play, they get a standing ovation from the fans the second they come onto the field with the "HEEEAPPPP" yell. If they do play, I hope they yell it each and every time they touch the ball or comes onto the field.
One of my favorite Ravens of all time.
_________________
[quote="SFPatsFan"]
Flaccomania is a genius who is an expert on literally everything they talk about so you should trust him. [/quote] What a classy guy. I have the utmost respect for Heap. They always gave it their all for us, never complained, and was just the definition of a professional.I hope, regardless of whether or not they play, they get a standing ovation from the fans the second they come onto the field with the "HEEEAPPPP" yell. If they do play, I hope they yell it each and every time they touch the ball or comes onto the field.One of my favorite Ravens of all time._________________[quote="SFPatsFan"]Flaccomania is a genius who is an expert on literally everything they talk about so you should trust him. [/quote]
drd23
Joined: 26 Oct 2010
Posts: 5533
Location: Melbourne, Australia Joined: 26 Oct 2010Posts: 5533Location: Melbourne, Australia Posted: Sat Oct 29, 2011 1:24 am Post subject:
(although I'm a little disappointed in the choice of font - whenever I see Comic Sans I think of Dan Gilbert ) Thats a great gesture and shows the class of the man.(although I'm a little disappointed in the choice of font - whenever I see Comic Sans I think of Dan Gilbert
dcarey20
Joined: 15 Feb 2006
Posts: 8022
Posted: Sat Oct 29, 2011 7:02 pm Post subject:  They are the man.
rmthawk64
Joined: 10 Sep 2008
Posts: 1097
Location: BALL SO HARD UNIVERSITY Posted: Sat Oct 29, 2011 7:26 pm Post subject: Obligitory HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAPPPPPPP
_________________
When you go in the lion's den, you don't tippy toe in  you carry a spear, you go in screaming like a banshee, you kick whatever doors in, and say, 'Where's the SOB?' If you go in any other way you're gonna lose.
SnA ExclusiVe
Joined: 01 Jun 2011
Posts: 49882
Location: Hillsboro, OR Posted: Sun Oct 30, 2011 2:58 am Post subject: Casualty of the business.
What a class act. I honestly hope they do well for Arizona because he's one of my all-time favorite players
_________________
#FireDeanPees...and Chris Hewitt....and Matt Weiss
Ali
Joined: 15 Feb 2007
Posts: 3200
Posted: Sun Oct 30, 2011 5:29 am Post subject:
_________________
LETS GO RAVENS!!! MadBacker on the sig. Heeeeeaaapp_________________LETS GO RAVENS!!! MadBacker on the sig.
nevermore
Joined: 30 Sep 2008
Posts: 7086
Location: Austria Posted: Sun Oct 30, 2011 6:26 am Post subject: In a perfect world the Ravens win 42-14 with Heap scoring both TDs for the Cards.
_________________
CKSteeler wrote: There's something wrong with my Tom Brady voodoo doll. Everytime I break its leg with a rock, Gronkowski ends up hurting their back.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The revelation that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, whose Fatah nom de guerre is Abu Mazen, was a KGB agent shouldn't surprise those knowledgeable of the PLO movement and Soviet Union methods.
Since its creation in 1959, the Fatah group and later the PLO were influenced and supported by various Arab intelligence communities, the KGB, and its satellite security services in the communist bloc. Beyond solidifying ideological bonds, the cooperation was a marriage of convenience.
The PLO needed financial support, military training and weapons. The Soviet Union, entangled in the Cold War with the West, wanted to increase its influence in the Middle East.The Soviet Union and its client states in Eastern Europe supported “progressive” movements and groups around the globe, including those who were involved in terrorism.While the Soviet Union tried to keep its hands clean, it instructed the security services of its client state to do the dirty work. The East German Stasi and also the Hungarian and Bulgarian agencies trained PLO officers, gave them weapons and documents, and hosted notorious terrorists such as Abu Nidal, Carlos and Wadi Haddad. The Black September terrorists who killed the 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics traveled via East Berlin.Yasser Arafat themselves was photographed by the Securitatii, the Romanian security service, in an intimate position in their hotel room in the company of their bodyguards while visiting Bucharest.The Soviet Union gave grants to and hosted thousands of students from Asia, Africa, South and Central America at its universities.The Soviet generosity was also a tool to recruit agents of all sorts among the foreign students.Based on the belief that “quantity will turn into quality,” the KGB method was to recruit as many agents as possible, hoping that some of them would reach the top of their countries or organizations and be a quality agent.Was Abu Mazen one of them? It shouldn't be ruled out, despite their denials . In such circumstance a denial is expected.If it's true, it happened when they studied at Moscow's Oriental University, where they submitted their PhD thesis. But we still don't know from the document when they were recruited, how long they were run as an agent, how often they met with their controller, whether they were a paid agent and if so how much was they paid, or whether they were just an agent of influence who from time to time shared bits of information or estimates with their Soviet contacts.If indeed they were a full-fledged agent, it was a good catch for the KGB. Abu Mazen was among the founding fathers of Fatah and a close friend of Arafat's and the other top leaders of the group. Although throughout their career they mostly dealt with political and diplomatic matters, they must have known at least about some of the terrorist attacks carried out by the PLO against Israel, Jewish targets and Western targets.One can assume that if they were an agent they passed some of their knowledge on to the Soviets.The KGB was a successful professional intelligence agency.It managed to recruit and plant good agents in many Western countries, including the US and the UK. It also reached the Israeli top echelon, having agents in the Mossad, Shin Bet, IDF, the Foreign Ministry, the Ness Ziona Biological Institute and probably in other government ministries. It can be assumed that not all of them were arrested.One more interesting observation regards the intriguing relations between the Middle East and the world of espionage.KGB and its satellites were not alone in the game.The CIA, the British MI6, and French intelligence also went on fishing expeditions and their catch was not bad at all.Many Arab leaders were either paid agents or agents of influence for these services.King Hussein, for example, was a paid agent of the CIA and also worked closely with MI6. And so were Syrian leaders in the ‘50s and ‘60s. Even Ali Hassan Salameh, who was Arafat's chief of security and responsible for the planning of the Munich killing turned out to be a CIA agent in Beirut. In 1979 Mossad operatives killed them in the Lebanese capital.The Israeli intelligence community, Mossad and military intelligence didn't stand idle.It also was very successful in penetrating the Arab world and the PLO and recruiting leaders, top government officials, scientists and senior military officers. It is interesting to note that, during the Israeli-PLO negotiations in the ‘90s, it was revealed that the Mossad managed to plant a listening device in Abu Mazen's desk in their office in Tunis.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
(Reuters) - Comedian Bill Cosby filed legal papers on Tuesday calling for court sanctions against a woman accusing them of sexual assault, saying they breached their confidentiality agreement in the leak of their full deposition from a 10-year-old civil case to the New York Times.
Actor Bill Cosby speaks at the National Action Network's 20th annual Keepers of the Dream Awards gala in New York, in this file photo taken April 6, 2011. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files
Cosby, 78, made the filing in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia in opposition to recent motions by Andrea Constand, a former Temple University employee who has alleged the comedian tricked them into taking drugs before they sexually assaulted them
The lawsuit they brought against Cosby was settled for an undisclosed sum in 2006, and all documents from the litigation were sealed until a federal judge on July 6 released limited redacted excerpts from Cosby's 2005 deposition testimony in the case.
Those excerpts included Cosby's admission under oath that they had obtained Quaaludes, the brand name for a sedative widely abused as a recreational drug in the 1970s, with the intent of giving the pills to young women in order to have sex with them.
On July 8, Constand filed papers in court seeking to unseal the entire deposition and their settlement agreement with Cosby, as well as to free them from any confidentiality restrictions.
The New York Times has since obtained its own record of Cosby's deposition and posted additional excerpts on its website, revealing testimony in which the entertainer described how they had pursued women and how they obtained Quaaludes.
Cosby's own court filing on Tuesday stressed that the deposition excerpts so far unsealed by the judge contain no testimony that they engaged in any non-consensual sex or gave anyone Quaaludes without their knowledge or consent.
“Reading the media accounts, one would conclude that Defendant has admitted to rape,” the document said. “And yet Defendant admitted to nothing more than being one of the many people who introduced Quaaludes into their consensual sex life in the 1970s.”
The memorandum goes on to call Constand's request to open the entire Cosby settlement to public scrutiny an “obvious attempt to smear” the performer and says they should be sanctioned for leaking the nearly 1,000-page deposition transcript to the New York Times through their “own hired court reporter.”
More than 40 women have come forward in the past year alleging Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted them in incidents dating back decades.
They face at least four civil lawsuits stemming from such allegations. Cosby has never been criminally charged.
Their attorneys have consistently denied the accusations, which have left in tatters the career and public image of a once-revered entertainer best known for playing the lovable father figure Dr. Cliff Huxtable on the hit TV comedy series “The Cosby Show” in the 1980s and ‘90s.
Cosby has said little in public about the scandal, telling ABC television in May that they did not wish to discuss allegations.
Nondescript 18-wheelers are secretly transporting nearly 1,000 of the U.S. Navy's 100-kiloton W76 nuclear warheads from a submarine base near Seattle to a plant in Texas. Worse news? It's by an agency recently investigated for problems with alcohol abuse.
An item in Washington's Kitsap Sun this weekend confirms something we all expect to be true but is rarely talked about: the transportation of nuclear weapons across the United States.
The quantity of nuclear warheads is astounding, with the report indicating as many as 1,000 of the approximate 30-year-old 100-kiloton W76 warheads are being transported from Naval Base Kitsap-Bangor near Seattle to the Pantex Plant in Amarillo, Texas, nearly 1,800 miles away, for updates that'll extend the life of the weapon by 30 years.
The W76 wahreads, currently used as the main warhead for the Trident 1 and Trident II Submarine-launched missiles, are designed to create a fireball more than half-a-mile in diameter if exploded.
Advertisement
Transportation of these items will be carried out by the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Office of Secure Transportation. Convoys of escorted and unmarked nuke trucks like the ones pictured above will carry them on their journey.
This Truck Contains Nukes Ever wondered how atom bombs and fissile material crisscross the United States? They do so in blue… Read more Read
Numerous safeguards are in place according to the NNSA, including bulletproof sleeper areas in all trucks and a requirement that agents don't go for more than 32 hours without 8 hours of "stationary bed rest."
Advertisement
Here's them bragging:
The federal agents who do this work are trained to defend, recapture, and recover nuclear materials in case of an attack. Because of the highly skilled agents, NNSA was able to safely and securely complete 100 percent of its shipments without the compromise or loss of any nuclear weapons and components or a release of radioactive material.
This is true, but the revelation about transportation follows the release of a report two weeks ago by Department of Energy investigators (Report PDF) announcing that agents within the Office of Secure Transportation had a bad habit of getting drunk while on the job.
[A] review of OST documentation and interviews confirmed the occurrence of 16 alcohol-related incidents involving OST Agents, Agent Candidates and other personnel from 2007 through 2009. [...] Of the 16 incidents, 2 were of the greatest concern because they occurred during secure transportation missions while the Agents were in Rest Overnight Status, which occurs during extended missions
where convoy vehicles are placed in a safe harbor and where convoy vehicles are placed in a safe harbor and
Agents check into local area hotels.
Advertisement
Though the report did point out the incidents were in the minority, it determined "in our judgment, alcohol incidents such as these, as infrequent as they may be, indicate a potential vulnerability in OST's critical national security mission."
Just remember that the next time you think it's a good idea to cut off a nondescript 18-wheeler.
[KitsapSun via AutoBlog]
Photo Credit: FOE.org via DOE
In its battle for survival, Sears Canada is trying to shed its old-school image and replace it with a fresh look and hipper brands.
It has even opened a flashy pop-up store in downtown Toronto that sells trendy ripped jeans and keeps quiet its affiliation with Sears.
Meanwhile, the retailer is currently hemorrhaging cash, closing 59 stores and laying off almost 3,000 staff as part of a court-supervised restructuring process.
And while many people agree the retailer needed an image overhaul, some retail experts say it's too late to start now.
"When the ship hits an iceberg and is sinking, rearranging the menu in the dining room is not the [solution]," says Toronto-based retail analyst John Williams. "It's too little, too late."
'Experience the wow'
The pop-up shop on Toronto's trendy Queen Street West is supposed to be a showcase for the new Sears. "2017 is the year for change and reinvention," Brandon G. Stranzl, executive chair of Sears Canada, said in a statement in April.
As part of its reinvention, Sears has remodelled stores with a sleeker look, redesigned its website and opened the pop-up shop to introduce urbanites to its new brands: a Sears private-label; a line of discount designer brands; and a trend-focused fashion line targeting younger customers.
The Sears pop-up shop offers its own new brands, including a fashion lined geared toward younger customers. (CBC)
"This pop-up shop shows the savvy, fashionable and cost-conscious urban Toronto shopper that we are a hot NEW destination," stated Stranzl. "Some Torontonians have never experienced Sears Canada, and can now re-discover us and experience the WOW."
"Wow" isn't exactly the word that comes to mind when many Canadians think of Sears. Parent company Sears, Roebuck and Co. set up shop in Canada in 1952 and won over customers with its mail-order catalogue and iconic department stores. But the retail landscape has changed and critics say Sears has failed to keep up.
"Old ladies' store, that's what I think about Sears," says Cathy Doyle, from Winnipeg. "I just find that the clothing is very dated and it's very old."
So perhaps it's no surprise the pop-up shop shows no Sears signage on its exterior. Instead, it boldly displays the mysterious message: #weveCHANGED and some of its new styles in the window.
Only when browsing through the flowery dresses, embroidered jeans and flip-flops inside does one notice the word "Sears" printed on clothing tags.
Instead of advertising itself as Sears, the pop-up shop displays the slogan #weveCHANGED to represent a revamped retailer.
Doyle, who was in Toronto on vacation, passed by the shop without any idea who owned it. "I can see why they're not telling you it's Sears. They want to get you in," they say.
Still, the hip new look wasn't enough to entice the 43-year-old Doyle to enter.
"This is just too young for me. I'm just middle of the road I guess."
Cathy Doyle says they think of Sears as an 'old ladies' store.' (CBC)
Passerby Jeff Chan also wasn't interested in checking out the pop-up shop, saying they believe the department store belongs to an older generation.
"They didn't adapt to the times and now they're paying a price for it," they say.
Instead, he's sticking to their favourite stores, like Marshalls and Winners, that already offer discount designer brands.
Sears is about to axe roughly one-third of its current retail footprint, including 20 full Sears stores, 15 Sears Home stores and 10 outlet stores. (CBC)
Retail expert Williams has scoped out the pop-up shop and says they found it appealing; they discovered some designer T-shirts at a good price.
It's a great idea for Sears to try to revamp its image, they say. But it can take years for a retailer to rebrand itself and attract a new following, they add, and with Sears' future in peril, it's likely running out of time.
"This is not going to save them," they say.
Fellow retail expert Bruce Winder agrees. When they saw the pop-up shop, they say they were impressed — but not optimistic.
"I thought 'Wow, it's too bad they didn't try something like this earlier,'" says Winder, with the Retail Adviser Network in Toronto.
"The experimentation that they're doing like this, they should have done this 10 years ago," they add. "It's hard to restart a brand and it takes a lot of money and a lot of time, of which they have neither, unfortunately."
Polyester knitwear was all the rage in this 1973 Simpsons-Sears catalogue. (CBC Still Photo Collection/Simpsons-Sears catalogue, Fall/Winter 1973)
Sears, however, has a more optimistic outlook. In a statement Thursday, Sears Canada said that sales grew in the last two quarters and attributed the increase to its rebranding initiative that is "starting to resonate with consumers."
The department store also said if it's granted protection from its creditors, it can continue its restructuring and be "better positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that exist in the Canadian retail marketplace."
In celebration of the new original graphic novel Serenity: The Shepherd's Tale, Things From Another World and Dark Horse Comics are hosting an epic Firefly screening and Serenity signing Tuesday, November 30 with writer Zack Whedon (Terminator 1984) and artist Chris Samnee (Thor: The Mighty Avenger) in Portland, Oregon!
This event is also hosted in conjunction with local comic book shops Bridge City Comics and Excalibur Books & Comics. Special thanks go out to the Hollywood Theatre and Film Action Oregon for donating their space and time, and to the PDX Browncoats for their awesome support.
Fans are invited to the Hollywood Theatre at 4122 NE Sandy Blvd. at 6:30 pm to see a rare public showing of the classic Firefly episode “Objects in Space” on the big screen! Admission is a canned or nonperishable food item for the Oregon Food Bank.
After the screening there will be a Q & A with Zack Whedon and Chris Samnee. Interested parties can submit questions by posting them at Dark Horse Comics Facebook event page, visiting TFAW's brick-and-mortar locations, or asking them at the event. Details regarding the Skype account for the live event are forthcoming.
Next, at 8:30 pm, festivities will move across the street to the Hollywood Things From Another World at 4133 NE Sandy Blvd. for a free, fun-filled signing with complimentary food and beer (with valid ID–no exceptions). Copies of Serenity: The Shepherd's Tale will be available for purchase.
“We know there's a huge Serenity fanbase in Portland, and we're excited to do this event with Zack, Chris, Dark Horse Comics, and our friends from Bridge City and Excalibur,” said TFAW Senior Director of Retail Operations Andrew McIntire. “Zack chose “Objects in Space” himself, and it's going to be incredible to see it on the big screen. Also, we think fans around the world are going to enjoy submitting questions to the writer and artist of Serenity: The Shepherd's Tale.”
One of Serenity‘s greatest mysteries is finally revealed in Serenity: The Shepherd's Tale, filling in the life of one of the show's most beloved characters–Shepherd Book! Hope to see you Tuesday, November 30 for this once-in-a-lifetime event.
RSVP TO THE FIREFLY SCREENING ON FACEBOOK
RSVP TO THE SERENITY SIGNING ON FACEBOOK
Are you excited about seeing Firefly on the big screen? What about meeting Zack Whedon? Post your comments below!
Much of what is written about ethnicity in Indonesia is statistically inaccurate, relying on out-dated estimates. The colonial census of 1930 was a rich source of ethnographic data but for the next seven decades it remained only a baseline for scholars and others to extrapolate and make increasingly unreliable estimates. It wasn't until the 2000 Indonesian census that respondents were asked to identify their own ethnicity.
The recently published Demography of Indonesia's Ethnicity leaves no excuse for ignoring recent census data, as it includes detailed coverage of the 2000 and 2010 surveys. Aris Ananta and Evi Nurvidya Arifin, from the Institute of Southeast Asian Studies (ISEAS) in Singapore, and three colleagues from the Central Bureau of Statistics (BPS), have done us all a great service. Their work provides granular insights into Indonesian ethnicity, and the ethnic Chinese population, in particular.
Estimates of the proportion of ethnic Chinese in Indonesia have varied wildly, ranging from 2.5 to 5 per cent of the total population. In 2000, it turned out, they were a much smaller percentage than anyone previously believed, at only about 1.2 per cent. This was confirmed by the 2010 census. Although there were by 2010 some 2.83 million ethnic Chinese – an increase of more than 400,000 since 2000 – their percentage of the total Indonesian population remained unchanged at this surprisingly low level. That said, they were still 15th largest among 145 ethnic groups.
Are these recent census findings reliable? Technical objections about the published results for the 2000 census were dispelled by later results and recourse to the raw data. Some observers suggested that many Chinese Indonesians might have been reluctant to identify as Chinese in 2000, so soon after the 1998 violence. This cannot be sustained, given the same findings in 2010, long after the freedom to express Chinese culture openly in public was established. Other factors may have been in play (such as emigration, or a low fertility rate) but an important reason for the lower than expected number of Chinese must be that many no longer thought of themselves as Chinese.
Pressure from the New Order government for the Chinese to assimilate drew some support from Chinese Indonesians themselves. The assimilation policy was unlikely to succeed when coupled with continuing discrimination but it does seem possible that there are now significant numbers of young people of Chinese ancestry who do not consider themselves Chinese. The percentage of the young dependent population (those under 25 years, dependent on support of others for their daily needs), among the Chinese was “the lowest percentage of young dependent populations among all ethnic groups”. This narrowing base may indicate “a very low fertility rate” but another contributing factor may have been a tendency by some members of the younger generation to reject identification as Chinese.
Is self-identification a true measure of a person's ethnicity? In post-New Order Indonesia, I think it is. Having Chinese ancestry and appearance does not necessarily mean one is Chinese. Since 1998, legal discrimination against the Chinese has been removed. It is unacceptable to impose an ethnic label on citizens against their will.
It will take some time before the lower size of the Chinese Indonesian population evidenced by the 2000 and 2010 censuses is fully accepted. Earlier estimates are often unthinkingly adopted in the media, and there is probably some reluctance among Chinese Indonesians themselves to accept that they are a substantially smaller minority than they have hitherto believed.
The 2010 census asks all respondents to identify with just one ethnic group. Mixed marriages, geographical mobility, and intercultural interaction make this increasingly difficult. Demographers have proposed that future censuses permit respondents to name more than one ethnic group and that ‘Indonesian' be offered as one of the options for ethnicity. Interesting new information may emerge if these proposals are implemented.
Table 1 shows the geographical distribution of the Chinese population since 2000. Their growth over the decade from 2000 was overwhelmingly concentrated in Java. In Sumatra, they increased modestly in absolute numbers but their share of the national total declined significantly. In West Kalimantan, meanwhile, their numbers were just below the figure recorded in 2000, another significant decline.
Table 1: Geographical Distribution of Chinese Population
Table 2 compares this distribution to all Indonesian citizens.
Table 2: Geographical Distribution of Population 2010 Chinese and All Citizens
In two respects the ethnic Chinese are arguably more Indonesian, and more national than other Indonesians. First, other ethnic groups tend to be heavily concentrated in particular provinces, whereas the geographical distribution of the Chinese is more or less typical of Indonesian citizens as a whole. Second, we know from the 2010 census that more than 60 per cent of Chinese respondents aged 5 years and older used Bahasa Indonesia – that symbol of Indonesian nationhood – daily at home. This compares with only 20 per cent of respondents of that age nationally.
Further, only 24 per cent of these Chinese respondents used their ‘own' language (in their case, Chinese), far less than other ethnic groups. A significant number of them used the Indonesian language of the place where they lived. This is not a new phenomenon. Data on language of daily use among the Chinese calculated from the 1920 census showed 40 per cent of them in the country (and 70 per cent of those in Java) used Malay or another Indonesian language.
The Chinese are not typical of the Indonesian population with respect to religion. Although Indonesia is not an Islamic state, 87.5 per cent of the total population were Muslims in 2010, while only 4.65 per cent of Chinese were Muslim. Among the 15 largest ethnic groups, only the overwhelmingly Hindu Balinese had such a small proportion of Muslims (even lower at 3.24 per cent). The Chinese were remarkably pluralistic in their religious affiliation, with nearly one half Buddhists, and 42.8 per cent Protestants or Catholics.
Table 3: Religious Composition 2010
At a time when anti-Chinese sentiment seems to be on the increase it is incumbent on us all to use accurate figures where they are available.
This post is an edited extract from Charles A. Coppel's 2017 Herb Feith Memorial Lecture, ‘Normalising Chinese Indonesians', presented at Monash University on 18 October 2017.
Figures drawn from Ananta, Aris & Arifin, Evi Nurvidya, Hasbullah, M Sairi and Handayani, Nur Budi and Pramono, Agus. 2015. Demography of Indonesia's Ethnicity. (Singapore: ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute); and Ananta, Aris, Arifin, Evi Nurvidya and Bakhtiar. 2008. ‘Chinese Indonesians in Indonesia and Province of Riau Archipelago: A demographic analysis', in Leo Suryadinata (ed), Ethnic Chinese in Indonesia: Recent Developments (Singapore: ISEAS) 17-47.
Obviously the main secret to Fantasy Football is picking the right players, then the right starting XI, then the right captain. However, things shouldn't end there, there is still an art is how you order your XI. This art may not actually get you any more points so could be viewed as unnecessary vanity. How dare you! Order your troops right and not only can you benefit from a nicer team to look at but perhaps a nosey rival may be affected too.
A word of warning before you proceed: The world of team layout manipulation is a very seductive one. If you have an addictive personality then I'd really proceed with caution. I've seen Charlie Austin benched for their hattrick just because their horizontal stripes were making Lampard look too fat behind him. Don't become one of these people, use these techniques responsibly. Always remember, this is a starting XI activity only. It's always post transfers, captain choice and bench order. I'll run you through my personal armoury of set-ups; maybe you have some of your own too.
Very superstitious, nothin' more to say
First port of call is always making sure the captain is as central as possible. In last season's striker dominated captain's polls this was very easy in the standard 343, as well as the wondrous 523. With midfielders in a 343 it's impossible of course. If not dead centre then as central as possible, make the best of what you've got, it needn't be perfect. This season of course a combination of Alexis Sanchez and the 352 has been ideal. As has Eden Hazard, Stamford Bridge and the 352. It just looks right when the most important player in your team for the Gameweek is in the middle. I'd controversially say it's even more important than the colour of their shirt…
Gok Wan, rivals nil
This approach is pure aesthetics but it can nourish the soul as well as the eyes. You colour co-ordinate your team to be the best-dressed team in town. The theory is the better you look the better you feel and the better you look the more seriously your rivals take your team. I personally prefer the more OCD approach of aiming for perfect symmetry here but the depressingly large army of candy-crushers out there might prefer blocking colours together. This like all the techniques relies on fortune to have the right colours to work with.
The racing stripe
This approach can also be called the power stripe because that's what it's really about, showcasing power. When you have a big defender, midfielder and striker from the same team then why not line those bad-boys up? The royal blue racing stripe of John Terry, Hazard and Diego Costa for example was pretty devastating in gw18. One of the beauties of the racing stripe is that most formations accommodate it. You don't even need to call it a stripe. For example one of my dreams is Wolves get promoted this season so next year I can make a fish finger sandwich out of Spurs, Wolves and Swansea players.
Positions please
If the stars just aren't aligning with your team in terms of colours, racing stripes etc then maybe you've still got a good spread of real life playing positions. If you have Baines put them in the left back position of your team, if you have Hazard stick them on the left and don't let Sigurdsson wonder from the middle slot in your 352. This will give your team an element of reality and is great for team harmony with no players knocking on your door complaining about playing out of position. The luck element still applies however; you could have a defence full of right backs.
The psyche-out
I thought of this layout whilst doing a masters in psychology at the university of life. Most of us read from left to right, therefore why not order your players in order of strength from left to right? When your nosey rival sees Alexis, Hazard and Fabregas they will already be too terrified to even notice Victor Wanyama hiding on the right of your midfield. These techniques are all about impressions rather than actual point-pimping substance and this is a sure fire way to add an extra 5% to the sub-conscious.
Very superstitious, the Devil's on their way
There may be a slot in your team where the player filling it keeps getting injured. Or maybe the opposite is the case and your player keeps scoring really well in a certain slot so you don't want to rock the boat. I can fully understand the will to keep things stable here but I'm not a fan if it means getting in the way of any of the above options. The past is gone; it's all about looking fabulous in the present!
The above are all options. The holy-grail is a colour co-ordinated symmetrical team with all players in their real-life positions and also ordered from left to right in order of strength. This will sadly probably never happen so it's all about making the most of what you've got. The armoury of options should mean there is always at least one option which applies to your XI. All you need to know is that when you swap a player in from the bench for a starter in a different playing position they will appear in the slot furthest to the left. When it's like for like position wise the incoming player simply takes over the same slot.
I look at this like a job interview. Regardless of how you dress for the interview your knowledge remains the same. Just like regardless of how you order your starting XI it is still the same XI players. You still try and look good for the interview though. Every gameweek is an interview, what sort of first impression are you leaving?
Apple won't be the only platform getting access to Showtime's new standalone streaming service, when it comes online in early July.
The premium programmer announced Monday that it will also offer the OTT, standalone version of Showtime on Roku players and Roku TVs. Additionally, the Showtime service will become available via Sony's PlayStation Vue, the new virtual MVPD that launched services in three markets – New York, Chicago and Philadelphia – in mid-March.
Showtime has not identified a specific launch date for the new standalone streaming service and Showtime's availability on an la carte basis via PlayStation Vue, but it will become available, for $10.99 per month, on all of those platforms prior to the July 12 season premieres of Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex. Roku customers who sign up in July will be offered a 30-day free trial subscription to the new Showtime standalone offering.
Update/Clarification: At launch, consumers can subscribe to the Showtime standalone streaming service directly from the Showtime app on Apple and Roku devices. At sign up, consumers will be asked to create a Showtime account which they can then use to watch the service across all Apple and Roku devices as well as online at www.showtime.com, regardless of where they initially purchased their subscription, the programmer noted. PlayStation Vue, meanwhile, is a separate cloud-based TV service where consumers can access the network's programming nationwide for an la carte monthly price of $10.99.
Showtime unveiled the standalone service on June 3, announcing it would be offered on Apple devices, including the Apple TV, the iPhone and iPad, for $10.99 per month. Showtime will also offer the OTT service, which features the channel's east and west coast feeds and a video-on-demand library, on Web browsers.
HBO Now, the standalone OTT service launched by HBO in April, is distributed by Apple and Cablevision Systems and, this summer, will also become available via Google Play, extending access to Android-powered platforms, including those that run on the new Android TV OS.
Showtime Anytime, the programmer's authenticated TV Everywhere service that requires users to have a pay TV subscription, is currently offered on Web browsers, iOS and Android mobile devices, Roku players and Roku TVs, the Amazon Fire TV box and Fire TV Stick, Xbox 360 and Xbox One, Apple TV, and is also optimized for the Google Chromecast streaming adapter.
“We are thrilled that Roku and Sony have come on board for our launch in early July,” Matthew Blank, chairperson and CEO of Showtime Networks, said in a statement. “Both platforms have distinct and loyal audiences and together they will build on our service and greatly expand the number of homes that will have access to the SHOWTIME service over the internet. This is fundamental to Showtime's strategy of putting the choice in the hands of the consumers regarding how, when and on what unique devices they watch our programming.”
“Showtime has been a great partner over the years and Roku's inclusion as an initial launch platform for the SHOWTIME streaming service speaks volumes to our shared commitment to offer consumers the best entertainment experience available,” added Steve Shannon, general manager of content and services at Roku.
“We're thrilled to launch SHOWTIME within PlayStation Vue,” said Dwayne Benefield, vice president, head of PlayStation Vue at Sony Network Entertainment International. “We can't think of a better partner with whom we can begin to extend our revolutionary television experience to a nationwide audience."
Osama bin Laden was a divisive figure in life but in death they brought together an unholy trinity of Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck and Barack Obama – with Limbaugh and Beck, two of Obama's harshest critics, uniting in praise of Obama's action.
"We need to open the programme today by congratulating President Obama," Limbaugh declared on their daily syndicated radio show on Monday. "President Obama has done something extremely effective, and when they do, this needs to be pointed out."
As always with Limbaugh, their words were laden with sarcasm, poking fun at the idea that Obama single-handedly executed the mission:
Thank God for President Obama. If they had not been there, who knows what would have happened. It was only Obama who understood the need to get DNA, to prove that this was Bin Laden that we had assassinated.
And there were backhanded compliments from Limbaugh as well: "We need to never forget that President Obama deserves praise for continuing the policies established by George W Bush which led to the acquisition of this intel that led us to the enlarged hut in Pakistan that led to the assassination of Bin Laden last night."
Glenn Beck was even more effusive than Limbaugh in their radio talk show on Monday, saying: "First of all, congratulations to President Obama. They got him."
Beck's praise echoed Limbaugh in thanking god for Obama, although without Limbaugh's trademark tongue-in-cheek note:
Thank God we have a president who actually authorized the shoot to kill. That is a surprising shock to me. And I think that deserves to be said, that I didn't think that this president would actually pull the trigger – well, they didn't, but have somebody pull the trigger – and they did. Congratulations, President Obama. Thank you for doing the right thing on this.
Other Republican and conservative commentators also praised Obama in a rare outbreak of bipartisanship. Bill Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard, blogged:
Congratulations to all those, from the president on down, who are responsible for the achievement of tracking down and killing Osama bin Laden. The wheels of justice may sometimes turn slowly, but turn they do – with the help of the United States armed forces and intelligence personnel. Justice has been done.
But not every red-blooded Republican was able to offer even faint praise. Sarah Palin was almost alone in a churlish silence on the White House's role in Bin Laden's death, skipping over the administration to praise the US military in a Facebook post:
Charles Bronson has described the moment they “lost it” and covered themselves in butter before attacking 12 prison officers, because Arsenal won the FA cup.
Bronson, a Tottenham Hotspur fan, said they “had another rumble” at Full Sutton prison in York after Tottenham's arch rivals beat Hull at Wembley.
The 61-year-old described seeing a vision of Ronnie Kray telling them to let guards “have it” before launching their attack in a letter to the mobster's ex-wife Kate Kray.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
In the letter seen by The Mirror and dated 19 May, Bronson said they smothered themselves in Lurpak to make it harder for officers to restrain him.
Bronson wrote: “I've had another rumble. This time with a dozen riot mob on the yard!
“Obviously I had my reasons and I'd sooner swallow teeth than my pride. Sadly I came off worst – got smashed up ribs.
"It was sunny! A scorcher! Arsenal was playing Hull. I so wanted Hull to win, coz I'm Spurs.
“I got Lurpak and spread it on thick. Then a small cloud appeared. I swear I see Ron's face. It was eerie. Go on son, let 'em have it!”
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Kray twins prison belongings go up for auction Show all 6 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Kray twins prison belongings go up for auction 1/6 Kray auction The writing on the back of a painting by Charles Bronson which they gave to Reggie Kray PA 2/6 Kray auction Bible belonging to East London gangster Ronnie Kray which after their death in 1995 passed to their brother Reggie Kray. PA 3/6 Kray auction Quartz, black-strapped wristwatch belonging to Ronnie Kray while they were in jail serving a life sentence and which was passed to their twin brother Reggie Kray, who gave it away to an acquaintance in 1999 according to the accompanying prison documentation. PA 4/6 Kray auction A quartz, black-strapped wristwatch belonging to Ronnie Kray while they were in jail serving a life sentence and which was passed to their twin brother Reggie Kray, who then gave it away to an acquaintance in 1999. PA 5/6 Kraypicture.jpg A painting by Charles Bronson which they gave to Reggie Kray 6/6 Kray auction Prison documentation relating to Reggie Kray asking to hand out a painting by Charles Bronson to an acquaintance. 1/6 Kray auction The writing on the back of a painting by Charles Bronson which they gave to Reggie Kray PA 2/6 Kray auction Bible belonging to East London gangster Ronnie Kray which after their death in 1995 passed to their brother Reggie Kray. PA 3/6 Kray auction Quartz, black-strapped wristwatch belonging to Ronnie Kray while they were in jail serving a life sentence and which was passed to their twin brother Reggie Kray, who gave it away to an acquaintance in 1999 according to the accompanying prison documentation. PA 4/6 Kray auction A quartz, black-strapped wristwatch belonging to Ronnie Kray while they were in jail serving a life sentence and which was passed to their twin brother Reggie Kray, who then gave it away to an acquaintance in 1999. PA 5/6 Kraypicture.jpg A painting by Charles Bronson which they gave to Reggie Kray 6/6 Kray auction Prison documentation relating to Reggie Kray asking to hand out a painting by Charles Bronson to an acquaintance.
Born Michael Gordon Peterson, Bronson was jailed for seven years in 1974 for armed robbery at a Post Office, but has been locked up for much of the time since then following a string of violent incidents, including assault, hostage-taking and damage.
Since first entering prison 40 years ago, they have spent just four months out of custody and 36 of those years in solitary confinement.
Ms Kray, 58, said Bronson was distressed after finding out their mother, Eira Peterson, 84, was upset after finding out about the attack.
They told the newspaper: “I'd told them I was planning an auction of lots of Ra's and Reggie's stuff, so they said, ‘Can you put my drawings in auction to send my mum on holiday?'”
Bronson has been a keen painter during their incarceration. Their surrealist pieces have sold for up to £1,000 and have been displayed in galleries across London. One of their pieces was briefly on display at Angel Tube Station.
The Ministry of Justice declined to comment on the incident at HMP Full Sutton.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
In a statement on its website, publisher Weltbild announced that its eBook Reader 3.0, available from Thursday online, is just €60 in comparison to Amazon's price of €99 for a Kindle.
That also compares favourably to other competitors' e-readers. German firm Thalia, for instance, sells its OYO reader for €99.
“The device is very important for our e-book business and our overall strategy,” Weltbild managing director Carel Halff told the Financial Times Deutschland (FTD).
The move is designed to capitalize on a massive shift in the book market that has been putting pressure on retailers to find new ways to get customers reading and buying books. People are increasingly either ordering books online or doing all their reading on the internet, leaving the retail book business in trouble.
Though few Germans use e-readers compared to their counterparts in the United States or other Western European countries – e-books constituted less than 1 percent of sales in 2010 – Augsburg-based Weltbild, which runs book shops throughout the country and maintains an online presence, is banking on staking out a share of a growing market.
The Association of German Booksellers trade group anticipates that e-books could account for 25 percent of total sales in Germany by 2015, the FTD reported.
“We stand on the threshold of a new era,” said Alexander Skipis, the head of the organization.
Halff said they saw e-readers as a future growth segment, with only a few remaining players having the potential to deeply penetrate the German e-book market. Those include American firms such as Google, Amazon and Apple but also a few German firms including Weltbild and Thalia, they said.
The key to success, Halff told FTD was to keep things simple.
“Experience shows from America: The winners are devices with very simple features,” Halff said.
The Local/mdm
The following is based on translations from reports on Chinese websites:
Chinese website mil.huanqiu.com describes in its report the difficulties in developing a VTOL fighter jet but concludes that for China at present, development of a VTOL fighter jet within a short period time is not a simple task.
Though China has started the project for such a fighter jet, Chinese military industrial workers still have a long way to go to fulfil that arduous task.
Another Chinese media of similar status, xinhuanet.com, describes in its report the following shortcomings of a VTOL fighter jet: 1. larger fuel consumption; 2. smaller load of ammunition; 3. difficulties to produce and operate; 4. relatively high requirements for takeoff and landing environment (sand, soil taken into engine may cause serious problems); and 5. longer duration of maintenance.
However, xinhua says that China still wants such a fighter jet as it has the following advantages, 1. no need for runway; 2. increase in the number of fighter jets an aircraft carrier can carry; 3. ability to make highly difficult moves such as stopping in midair to dodge an attacking missile; 4. and quick response.
Therefore, VTOL fighter jets are useful for China when:
1. China's runways along its coast or on its islands have been destroyed in a war related to Taiwan or the South China Sea so that fighter jets that require a runway cannot take off to fight, VTOL fighter jets that do not need a runway may take to the sky to enable China to have time to repair the runways; and
2. VTOL fighter jets replace helicopters on China's amphibious attack warships, China's amphibious warships may play the role of aircraft carriers.
The report continues that China has mastered the technology and made three Type 071 amphibious attack warships with displacement of 20,000 tons. It is confident it can also make large ones with displacement of 40,000 tons. Such warships are much easier and cheaper to produce and operate than aircraft carriers.
China's amphibious warships are equal in quality to their US counterparts, but its aircraft carriers are much inferior.
The report concludes that it will take at least a decade for China to catch up in mastering the technology to make aircraft carriers comparable to their US counterparts. It will take even longer and greater effort for China to learn to operate the carriers and train pilots.
Contributed by “Tiananmen's Tremendous Achievements” – Author of “Tiananmen's Tremendous Achievements” and “Space Era Strategy” – Also English/Chinese translation service
Sources: mil.huanqiu.com “Research and development very difficult, does China have the opportunity to learn from Yak-141 in developing its VTOL fighter jet?” and news.xinhuanet.com “In-depth Military Information: China's VTOL fighter jets will be its core strength in the South China Sea and supplement to its aircraft carrier” (summary by Chan Kai Yee based on the reports in Chinese)
Related articles
Advertisements
Oxford dons vote “no confidence” in British education policy
By Dave Hyland
14 June 2011
Last Tuesday, lecturers at Oxford University voted overwhelmingly in support of a “no confidence” motion in the policies of David Willetts, education minister in the Conservative/Liberal-Democrat government.
Academics at the joint top UK university alongside Cambridge voted in favour by a massive margin of 283-5. While the dons were inside the Sheldonian Theatre debating and voting in their “congregational”, the university's governing body, students crowded outside demanding, “David Willetts makes no sense; tutors vote no confidence!” When the vote was relayed to them there was a great deal of jubilation and cheering. The university's council will now write to Willetts to pass on this official condemnation.
The resolution insists that Willett's policies are “financially chaotic and unsustainable”. The treasury budgeted for an average fee of £7,500, but more than two-thirds of universities now want to charge £9,000 for some courses. Despite these higher fees, the 80 percent cut to the central government's teaching grant leaves universities underfunded.
The resolution goes on to declare that the “academic profession in the UK has never been less attractive”, with debts being incurred as high as £87,000. Money for research is also being cut in real terms and what's left concentrated on the government's own short-term agenda. It criticises the setting-up of consumer-producer relationships, the licensing of for-profit institutions and the advocacy of overseas franchising by existing universities. All these measures “are designed to undermine the spirit of academic community which is at the heart of the ethos of higher education” and are a “threat to the reputation of the UK University system as a whole”.
The vote was the culmination of a month-long campaign by the Oxford University Campaign for Higher Education, backed by 177 academics, that called on the university to “stand up and speak out” over budget cuts.
According to the Guardian newspaper in a report of the congregational debate, Jake, a young lecturer, gave a blistering critique of the economic logic we are “being asked to accept without challenge”. Margaret MacMillan, distinguished historian and warden of St. Anthony's, summed-up their concerns as, “Less government money but more government control”. Paul Coones of Hertford College linked the campaign against higher education cuts with protests against National Health Service reforms and calls to save public libraries.
Kate Tunstall, Diderot scholar and a campaigner for higher education, closed the debate by declaring, “This is a big thing for Oxford to do; it's also not just the right thing to do, but the good thing to do. Let's take a deep breath and, in unison, in concert, hold a single, stirring note: the positive sound of the traditions and values we wish to defend”.
Academics at other universities are about to follow suit. Cambridge University is at the point of debating a similar motion and around 700 lecturers and students at Warwick University have signed a petition expressing no confidence in the universities minister.
The supporters of the petition themselves represent a coalition of disparate bourgeois and petty-bourgeois social and political tendencies, and the resolution they advanced is limited, directed at an individual instead of the entire ruling Tory-Lib/Dem coalition government clique. Nevertheless, this vote by a top university's governing body is significant.
It shows that the drive to bring all the UK's institutions into line with global economic developments by the coalition is continuing to stoke dissent, even within the ruling elite's own major academic centres. These educational institutions have been the main educators of the British ruling classes for hundreds of years and many generations. When universities like Oxford pass resolutions of “no confidence” in sitting ministers, it is an expression at the top of the profound shock taking place within the entire capitalist system and society.
There has been some recent interest in the Elixir language and with good reason, it's an exciting language! Elixir not only brings the power of the Erlang VM, but also offers a macro system which ought to feel very familiar to Lispers. The Macro system introduces flexibility that I personally find to be easier to work with than Erlang's parse transform. In this blog post I'll be assuming that you're somewhat familiar with Lisp style macros (there are, of course, many resources). I wanted to take the time to show you the macro system while also highlighting some of its Lisp heritage.
Homoiconicity
Homoiconicity is one of the hallmarks of Lisp, it's the reason why everything is wrapped in parantheses. To be homoiconic means that there is one representation for both data and executable code, that is to say that executable statements are contained within first class data structures. This has a number of benefits, one of which is permitting a Lisp-style macro system.
John McCarthy's original Lisp paper[1] described a LISt Processing language, containing all code and data within S-Expressions. These S-Expressions were lists that, when executed, naturally formed nested call structures. The same is true for data, the lists could be composed to form nested data structures just as they could be composed of nested execution structures.
Elixir, on the surface, is not homoiconic. However, the syntax on the surface is just a facade for the homiconic structure underneath. To peer under the covers we're going to need explore one more of Lisp's ideas.
Quoting
Quoting is a Lispism which refers to the ability to not automatically execute an S-Expression containing a function call, but to instead allow that list to remain unexecuted and treated as data. This can be useful for rearranging pieces of code in macros which we'll get to later.
In Clojure, for instance, a quoted hello world expression might look like this
( quote ( println "Hello world!" ))
which can later be executed
( let [ hello-world-program ( quote ( println "Hello world!" ))] ( eval hello-world-program )) ; => "Hello world!"
In Elixir, we have quote available which will return an unexecuted form. We can use this to explore the data structure underneath. Let's see an example of what a hello world program really looks like in Elixir.
quote do IO . puts ( "Hello world!" ) end # => { { {:., [], [{:__aliases__, [alias: false], [:IO]}, :puts]}, [], ["Hello world!"]} }
which can also later be executed
hello_world_program = quote do IO . puts ( "Hello world!" ) end Code . eval_quoted ( hello_world_program ) # => "Hello world!"
We will notice that Elixir's homoiconic representation is a bit different than Clojure's, but they're the same at heart. In Elixir, all expressions are represented as three element tuples. Let's look at a simple, straightforward example where we are simply adding two numbers.
quote do 1 + 1 end # => {:+, [], [1, 1]}
The first element in the tuple is the function to be executed, in this case we're executing + . The second element is metadata, which we'll gloss over for now. The third element is the function arguments. Knowing this we can nest these structures to form arbitrarily complex addition operations.
Code . eval_quoted ({ :+ , [], [{ :+ , [], [ 1 , 2 ]}, { :+ , [], [ 3 , 4 ]}]}) # => 10
Abstract Syntax Trees
What we've been looking at thus far is the homoiconic representation of Abstract Syntax Trees[2] in both Lisp languages and Elixir. Abstract syntax trees are simply a way to represent call structures in a tree like fashion. The nested code data structures described thus far are already in syntax tree form! Let's look at the addition example again.
{ :+ , [], # Root [{ :+ , [], # Child of Root [ 1 , # Leaf Node 2 ]}, # Leaf Node { :+ , [], # Child of Root [ 3 , # Leaf Node 4 ]}] # Leaf Node }
The root of execution according to this data structure is a function call to + . In order to complete this function call we need two sub-calls, namely two more calls to + . Then, at the leaves, we have the values which do not require execution because they are simply data. The leaf data is returned to the sub-calls, which can then complete. These sub-calls return to the root which can then complete and return the answer 10. We can see the relationship of the nested calls to the parent call in order to execute the addition of the sum of 1 and 2 with the sum of 3 and 4. Clojure represents the abstract syntax tree for this program in much the same way.
( + # Root ( + # Child of Root 1 # Leaf Node 2 ) # Leaf Node ( + # Child of Root 3 # Leaf Node 4 ) # Leaf Node )
Macros
Macros are a form of metaprogramming that appear in Lisp dialects as well as Elixir. A macro takes quoted forms (abstract syntax trees) and is free to edit the tree as it chooses in order to do any number of interesting things.
In order to understand macros, we need knowledge of one more Lispism, which is the unquote mechanism. All unquote does is execute what would be a quoted representation to produce a value. For example:
defmodule Example do def foo , do : 1 def quoted_foo do quote do foo + foo end end def unquoted_foo do quote do unquote ( foo ) + unquote ( foo ) end end end Example . quoted_foo # => {:+, [], [{:foo, [], Example}, {:foo, [], Example}]} Example . unquoted_foo # => {:+, [], [1, 1]}
To show what this can look like let's build a very simple rspec style testing framework. We'll define a describe macro which will be semantically important to our specs, but will only serve to execute everything in the block underneath it. We'll define an macro which will make a function on the module to later be invoked. Lastly, we'll define a should_eq macro which will raise an exception if the arguments it received are not equal. It's worth noting here that the reason we can produce functions on a module (or more broadly the reason macros can edit abstract syntax trees) is because macro expansion is a compiled time step.
defmodule Specs do defmacro describe ( _ , specs ) do quote do unquote ( specs ) end end defmacro it ( name , spec ) do quote do def unquote ( binary_to_atom ( " #{ name } spec" ))() do # Note: this is generating a function on the module unquote ( spec ) end end end defmacro should_eq ( value1 , value2 ) do quote do if unquote ( value1 ) != unquote ( value2 ), do : raise " #{ unquote ( value1 ) } did not equal #{ unquote ( value2 ) } !" end end end
We can then use our Specs module's macros like so
defmodule SpecExample do import Specs describe "using macros" do it "passes as expected" do should_eq 1 , 1 end it "fails as expected" do should_eq 1 , 2 end end ends apply ( SpecExample , :"passes as expected spec" , []) # => nil apply ( SpecExample , :"fails as expected spec" , []) # => (RuntimeError) 1 did not equal 2!
Macros (Almost) All The Way Down
Once you understand the power of macros you might begin to see why language implementers would use macros to implement the syntax we've all become accustomed to. For instance, defn in clojure is simply a macro! Similarly, def in Elixir is a macro. Upon further inspection we can see what def produces in terms of an abstract syntax tree.
defmodule Example do IO . inspect ( quote do def foo do "bar" end end ) end # => {:def, [context: Example], [{:foo, [], Example}, [do: "bar"]]}}
Lispers and Elixir implementers alike use macros to expand the ease of use of their languages. I'll leave spotting the other useful macro in the above example as an exercise to the reader.
What Now?
With great power comes great responsibility. Macros require a high cognitive overhead and should not be introduced unless the benefits make that effort worthwhile. Of course, I invite all of you to explore the possibilities macros can provide.
Standing On The Shoulders Of Giants
By now it should be obvious that lots of inspiration for Elixir comes from Lisp. Lisp's macro system offers huge benefits for those who can tame it. Needless to say, Elixir's future looks bright and exciting in part because it's standing on the shoulders of giants.
1.Recursive Functions Of Symbolic Expressions And Their Computation By Machine by John McCarthy defines a homoiconic language.
2.Abstract Syntax Trees are not homoiconic in some languages, but they appear as an intermediary data structure in compilation or interpretation of a program.
Patrick Gombert is a former 8th Light employee. Follow @"patrickgombert"
People play Pokémon Go on their mobile phones. (Photo: David Moir, EPA)
When the Pokémon Go craze started a few weeks ago, the staff at Cadillac Memorial Gardens West had a sign welcoming players.
“Initially we thought school is out and we would get some kids on bikes,” said Donna Campbell of Midwest Memorial Group which owns the cemetery. “We thought we would talk with them about cemetery etiquette.”
That's what happened for a few days, but on the weekend the cemetery on Ford Road in Westland was being overtaken by Pokémon Go players.
► Related:Pokémon Go not allowed at VA Medical Center, cemetery
“It was adults in cars. It was getting to be a distraction. They were blocking the roadway. We had (funeral) processions,” Campbell said.
Those disruptions at the cemetery resulted in complaints from people with loved ones buried at Cadillac Memorial Garden West.
The company has contacted the company behind Pokémon Go and requested that the cemetery be removed as a site in the game. In the interim, the cemetery has posted a sign requesting that all visitors conduct themselves in a respectful manner.
“One person was at the grave of a loved one and was taking a photo with a cell phone,” Campbell said. “A Pokémon player came over thinking it was part of the game.”
The cemetery has hired a security guard to patrol from 6:30 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. to keep out any trespassers.
Westland Police spokesperson Sgt. Robert Wilke reports that officers have had to multiple people about trespassing due to the game but there haven't been any specific large-scale incidents.
People arriving for a Wayne City Council meeting found the parking lot behind city hall filled with cars as adjoining Goudy Park is a popular Pokémon Go site.
Wayne Police report having had to clear approximately 150 people playing Pokémon Go from Goudy Park recently at about 1 a.m. City ordinance requires people to leave the city parks at dark.
The department put out a reminder about being in the parks after dark — that same rule applies to cemeteries in the city.
LeAnne Rogers is a reporter for Hometown Life. Contact them at lrogers@hometownlife.com, 734-883-9039 or on Twitter: @LRogersObserver.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2a6Bivv
The news of the United States and Russia agreeing to slash their nuclear weapon stockpiles could mean a boost for a little known energy program. Called Megatons for Megawatts, this government-industry partnership has converted 15,294 nuclear warheads into electricity.
How it works: The program buys Russian warheads and uses their fuel for nuclear power. According to Stewart Brand, co-founder of the Global Business Network and president of The Long Now Foundation, 20-percent of U.S. electricity comes from nuclear power and half of that is being powered by Russian nuclear weapons.
Critics of the Megatons to Megawatts program may argue that no proper solution exists for the spent fuel from nuclear plants. The rebuttal to them: What would you have Russia do with its former warheads? Far better for them to be used for green energy.
Watch Stewart Brand describe how Russian nuclear weapons get recycled to U.S. electricity:
Tomorrow, University of Idaho President Chuck Staben will make an announcement regarding the future of Vandal football.
On March 1st, the Sunbelt announced that following the 2017 season, the conference would not be renewing Idaho's football only membership (New Mexico State was voted out as well). Given the lack of a future conference affiliation, speculation grew that Idaho would seek to find a more local schedule, likely by dropping down to FCS play.
FCS sources tell FootballScoop this is the route Idaho intends to move and the official conference affiliation will be announced tomorrow.
For all sports other than football, Idaho currently competes in the Big Sky vs teams such as Idaho State, Eastern Washington, Montana, Montana State, North Dakota, etc… We'll just leave that there.
5pm ET Update> The Idaho Statesman is confirming that Idaho will announce they will drop to FCS and compete in the Big Sky beginning with the 2018 season.
If you're in the market for a non-root ad-blocker, developer Julian Klode has an app that you'll definitely want to check out. It uses Android's VPN system in a similar manner to alternative apps like NetGuard and AdGuard, but it's got a new twist that should save lots of battery life in the process. Unlike its competitors, Klode's ad-blocking app works at the DNS level, meaning that it only filters traffic for a brief moment when connections are first made, which is where all of the battery saving comes into play. To top that off, it's completely free and open-source, so it's an instant contender for best no-root ad-blocker. Don't Miss: How to Automatically Skip Ads in Android's YouTube App Without Root
Step 1: Install DNS66 The app that will block all ads on your non-rooted device without excess battery drain is called DNS66, and it's available for free on the F-Droid Repository. This site is a trusted home for free and open-source Android apps, so tap the following link from your Android phone or tablet to begin: Download DNS66 from the F-Droid Open-Source Repository From there, scroll down to the Packages section on the page, then tap the link that says "download apk." Next, simply tap the Download complete notification to launch the APK, then press "Install" when prompted.
Step 2: Choose Domain Filters When you first launch the app, you'll land on the Start tab. You can adjust a few settings here if you'd like, but for most users, I'd recommend leaving the options set as they are. Next, head to the Hosts tab at the top of the screen. From here, you'll have to pick at least one ad-blocking hosts file, which is basically a list of known ad servers that DNS66 will block for you. Several different hosts sources are enabled by default, but some will occasionally fail to download. So to make things more consistent, I'd recommend enabling only the "Adaway hosts file" here. It's a great ad-blocking list and it doesn't create issues like some of the other hosts files you'll see. So tap the shield icon next to any of the sources to enable or disable the hosts file. When the shield icon is filled in, the hosts source is enabled. Once you've selected at least one hosts file source, tap the refresh icon to download the hosts file(s). (1) All hosts sources except for Adaway disabled. (2) Refreshing to download hosts files.
Step 3: Enable the VPN Service From here, head back to the Start tab from the top menu, then tap the "Start" icon near the bottom of the screen to start the VPN ad-blocking service. From there, press "OK" on the popup to set DNS66 as your phone's VPN service.
Step 4: Enjoy Your Favorite Apps Without Ads From now on, ads will be blocked in your browser, as well as all of your other apps, thanks to DNS66's VPN service. When the service is active, you'll see a small key icon in your status bar, which should now be present at all times: (1) IMDB app before DNS66. (2) IMDB app after DNS66 (note the key icon in the status bar). Unlike other VPN-based ad-blockers, DNS66 blocks ads at the DNS level. This means that only DNS traffic is redirected through DNS66 and filtered for ads, as opposed to the method employed in similar apps, which filters all data traffic for ads. What this boils down to is that all ads will be blocked system-wide—but, because only the tiniest bit of data is being filtered, DNS66 has a very minimal battery footprint. Compared to a similar app in Adguard (which filters ads in all traffic), you can see that DNS66 doesn't even show up in my battery stats, whereas Adguard ranks at the top of battery-draining apps: (1) Battery stats with Adguard (at the top). (2) Battery stats with DNS66 (not listed as a battery-draining app at all). Don't Miss: Get Free Loot in Fortnite Battle Royale Using Your Amazon Prime Membership Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Flipboard
Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Flipboard
DARPA plans to revolutionize manufacturing, crowd source vehicles
Jan 29, 2012, 5:34am ET
by Sanjiv Sathiah
DARPA plans on revolutionizing automotive manufacturing to dramatically slash development times.
The US defense research organisation, DARPA, is planning to build vehicles for the military more quickly by adopting a crowd-sourcing approach, much in the same way as open-source software is developed.
The project, announced last year as Popular Mechanics reports, aims to "˜enhance the adaptability of our military forces by compressing the development timelines for complex defense systems by at least five times.' DARPA has labelled the undertaking as the Adaptive Vehicle Make (AVM) program. The first vehicle DARPA aims to build under the new program is a "˜heavy and potentially amphibious infantry fighting vehicle,' or FANG - Fast Adaptable Next-Generation Ground Vehicle.
To drastically reduce the design and development process, the FANG program will include three public prize challenges and a Manufacturing Experimentation and Outreach (MENTOR) effort. The goal of the project is to leverage fab-less design, foundry-style manufacturing, and a crowd-sourced innovation model and culminating in a complete design and fabrication of a new heavy and potentially amphibious infantry fighting vehicle.
While portions of the development of the vehicle will remain off-limits to the crowd-sourcing concept for security reasons, the developers of the program believe that they can rapidly bring the vehicle to readiness using this process. Rather than tooling and using specially constructed production lines, many of the components of the vehicle are planned to come from off-the-shelf parts, ready for assemblage. This will avoid the traditional design-build-test-redesign that is currently the reality for newly developed vehicles in most instances.
The public contest component will comprise of three challenges. The first is expected to go live be the end of 2012 is for a drivetrain suitable for building and separate testing. The second, which take place in 2013, is for the development of an armored chassis. The final challenge will take place in 2014 - the winner of the first two challenges will walk away with $1 million for the their efforts, while the winner of the third will snare $2 million. Ultimately, if the project proves successful, the DARPA team believe that they will eventually be able to get a vehicle from the drawing board to the battlefield in one year.
The concept of open-sourcing, or crowd-sourcing vehicle design may be the way of the future, as manufacturers look to cut costs by saving on the development of unique components, as well as adopting a fabless design approach. Late last year, Aachen University in Germany announced a similar approach to the development of a new EV, the StreetScooter. As with DARPA's longer term goal, the StreeScooter project aims to get the car from design to the road in just 12 months.
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil's central bank maintained its pace of interest rate cuts as expected on Wednesday, but signaled policymakers could step up monetary easing in an attempt to pull the economy out of its worst recession ever.
A view of Brazil's Central Bank in Brasilia, Brazil, September 15, 2016. Picture taken September 15, 2016. REUTERS/Adriano Machado
In a unanimous vote, the bank's 9-member monetary policy committee, known as Copom, cut its benchmark Selic rate BRCBMP=ECI by 75 basis points for the second straight time to 12.25 percent - its lowest since March of 2015.
Unions and business groups had called for a cut of 100 basis points to reduce some of the world's highest borrowing costs, which they say could undermine recovery.
A rapid drop in inflation, which could end the year below the 4.5 percent official target, had strengthened the case for a bolder rate cut after the bank surprised markets by cutting more than expected at its last meeting.
In its decision statement, the bank said a heftier rate cut would hinge on the economy and inflation.
“A possible acceleration of the pace of monetary easing will depend not only on the estimated extension of the cycle, but also on the evolution of economic activity, on the other risk factors, and on inflation forecasts and expectations,” the bank said.
It added that the duration of the easing cycle would depend on the structural interest rate, which is the overall rate of the economy that is neutral to inflation.
The bank lowered the 2017 inflation forecast in its markets scenario to around 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent previously, below the 4.5 percent midpoint of the official target. For 2018, it kept the market scenario forecast at 4.5 percent.
The bank did not release its base scenario forecasts.
BIGGER CUT
Although slightly above expectations, official data on Wednesday showed annual inflation dropped to near 5 percent in mid-February in part due to the steep appreciation of the Brazilian real currency BRBY.
Analysts said further downward surprises in inflation could lead to more aggressive rate cuts.
“The statement was very neutral, but it didn't say anything that prevents a bigger cut at the bank's next meeting,” said Raphael Ornellas, economist with Sao Paulo-based Brasil Plural.
Juan Jensen, chief economist of 4E Consultoria, said the bank's decision would spark a debate on the structural interest rate of the Brazilian economy.
“Nobody knows for sure where that rate stands, but the bank may signal it wants a lower rate to take monetary policy into expansionist territory,” said Jensen, adding that they are considering revising down their 9.5 percent year-end Selic forecast.
Until recently, central bank chief Ilan Goldfajn had signaled policymakers would maintain the current pace of rate cuts to avoid stoking inflation expectations that have fallen to near the target mid-point after years.
Brazil's recession, the worst in its history, has left millions unemployed and bankrupted hundreds of companies, raising pressure on Goldfajn to lower rates.
Facing a grueling fiscal crisis, President Michel Temer is relying on falling interest rates to exit a recession that threatens to stretch into a third year.
However, the sharp drop in inflation has sparked a debate inside their administration over whether the government's 2019 inflation target, decided in June, should be set at a lower level. That could slow the pace of monetary easing.
Brazil introduced an inflation rate target in 1999. The current 4.5 percent goal was first adopted for 2005, originally with a tolerance margin of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. In 2015, the government narrowed the range to plus or minus 1.5 percentage points.
Image copyright S.Sheppard/Carnegie Institution for Science Image caption Three different images taken two hours apart and overlaid to reveal 2012 VP113's movement (coloured dots)
Scientists have identified a new dwarf planet in the distant reaches of our Solar System.
It is being called 2012 VP113 for the time being, is about 450km across and is very likely icy in composition.
To date, only one other such object has been seen orbiting beyond the major planets in its region of space referred to as the inner Oort Cloud.
That previous object, called Sedna, is about 1,000km across, and was found 10 years ago.
But researchers believe there are hundreds more such objects awaiting detection.
"We've been using a large camera on a four-metre telescope in Chile, and it's a very powerful facility," said Scott Sheppard from the Carnegie Institution of Science in Washington DC, US.
"Our survey covered just a very small area of the sky - about 220 full Moons of sky. So, there's a lot more sky out there, and we predict, based on this one object, that across the whole sky we could expect to find 900 objects of 1,000km or bigger in size.
It's so cold that the ice would be harder than the rock on Earth Scott Sheppard, Carnegie Institution of Science
"Some of these could be bigger than Pluto; some could even be bigger than Mars or the Earth. The problem is they're just so distant, especially when they're in the far parts of their orbits, that they're just too faint to detect," they told BBC News.
The observations of 2012 VP113 are reported in the journal Nature. They indicate that the object gets no closer than about 12 billion kilometres to the Sun, and at the farthest point in its eccentric orbit is a staggering 67 billion km from our star.
To put that in some context, the Earth is 149 million km from the Sun, and even the most distant major planet - Neptune - seems close at 4.5 billion km, by these standards.
Sheppard and their colleague Chad Trujillo, from the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii, have calculated that 2012 VP113 takes 4,000 years to go around the Sun.
The big question is: how did it and Sedna come to be where they are?
'Reddish colour'
Astronomers have made great progress in mapping the close-in parts of the Solar System.
Even surveys in the region just beyond Neptune referred to as the Kuiper Belt have thrown up many hundreds of detections, some of which rival the zone's best known inhabitant - Pluto.
But it is the Oort Cloud - the region even further out - that has proven very difficult to study.
Models for Solar System formation suggest that it is highly unlikely 2012 VP113 was created in its present location. Its orbit is just too eccentric.
One explanation is that it was perturbed gravitationally and pulled out of the Kuiper Belt by a passing planet that was expelled from our Solar System early in its history. Another idea is that it was pulled out of the Kuiper Belt by a star passing very close by in our part of the galaxy. A third, tantalising possibility is that it is actually an object stolen from a star that formed from the same "nursery" of gas and dust as our Sun billions of years ago.
Additional detections would help narrow possibilities.
In the meantime, more precise information on 2012 VP113's orbit is being sought. Astronomy's nomenclature authority, the International Astronomical Union, requires such data before it will sanction a catchier name.
"Based on 2012 VP113's reddish colour and what we know about other objects in the Solar System, and where this object is, we believe it's probably made mostly of water-ice, and probably some methane ice and carbon dioxide ice, with a little rock thrown in. And it's so cold that the ice would be harder than the rock on Earth," explained Dr Sheppard.
"If you could stand on the object and look towards the Sun, you'd be so far away it would look little more than just a bright star in the sky."
Image copyright S.Sheppard/Carnegie Institution for Science
This diagram gives a sense of the huge orbits of some objects
The Sun and inner planets are at the centre and too small to see
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are shown by purple solid circles
Pluto is in a region of space called the Kuiper Belt, shown in light blue
Sedna's orbit is shown in orange; 2012 VP113's orbit is shown in red
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
From Kancolle Wiki
Introduction
Comptiq's October 2017 Interview with Tanaka
The following interview comes from within the Comptiq Magazine's October issue which was released on September 8th, 2017.
Within the article, the Chief in Editor has an interview with Kancolle's main producer, Kensuke Tanaka regarding KanColle's upcoming content that is coming up following the completion of the Summer 2017 Event. Which includes the introduction of a new Night Battle Fighters which include the F6F-3N and F6F-5N along with other unique planes based on a named squadron that was also used in night battle combat.
In addition, they note new revision of carrier mechanics will be released in the upcoming update and a carrier that will be tied to the intrduction of night fighters within the upcoming update.
Finally Tanaka continues by mentioning some details regarding the later line of Mitsukoshi products and the upcoming 4th KanColle Naval Review , hinting of the possible return of the Naval District Saury Festival, New Ship girls for the Fall and the upcoming Fall 2017 Event.
To a New Season! With the KanColle Management Naval District This Month, Just Before Autumn
Editor-ko (From now on, E): Thank you for your hard work! You seem busy. This issue of Comptiq will have a special feature section about Kancolle! We would like all sorts of information and material!
Tanaka-ko (From now on, Ta): Thank you! Ah I see, a special feature section. Thanks you for that.
E: What's that shown on the screen?
T: Those are the preparations for the new 2nd remodel that will be implemented during the next maintenance.
E: I see, so this is it! Them planes look strong!
T: Well, that's the F6F, which controlled the skies in the latter half of the war. The F6F, its later mass-produced version and night fighter model, at the same time as the 2nd remodel, is being prepared to be implemented.
E: A night fighter model?
T: Basically, for night battle. The night fighter models F6F-3N and F6F-5N will be implemented, and if used upon a carrier capable of night battle, it is planned to allow it to attack at night.
E: Night battle capable carriers! So this is what the new 2nd remodel will be?
T: Of course, the shipgirl receiving the new remodel will be able to utilise this. On top of that, by deploying the newly implemented aircraft and crew, the existing standard carriers can also utilise these new night battle mechanics as night battle carriers. This upcoming update will be a carrier update.
E: Really?
T: Of course, the effectiveness of night attacks is limited, but this allows carriers to have some capabilities during night battle. It's an “if” situation, but it'd be nice if “that squadron” based at Iwagawa base, which happens to also be the name of one of the servers, will also be able to contribute to the night battle…
E: “That squadron”? What's that?
T: Ah, please look that up yourself! It's a land based unit led by an excellent commander that continued to fight until the end. [1] I think you'll definitely like them. They used planes such as Suiseis refitted for night fighting.[2] It's been said that since this unit sortied mainly at night in deteriorating condition of the war, during the day, they would let livestock upon their base to disguise it…[3]
E: That seems quite, interesting. Ah, speaking of which, didn't Iwagawa server have cows and stuff on its banner?
T: While not Japanese aircraft, the night battle craft that were actually used upon carriers and the standard version of that aircraft will be implemented in this upcoming update. The American Navy's Avenger torpedo bomber's night battle version has a radar, and by equipping it upon the asupervisorstioned night battle carrier, will allow it to show its true value.
E: The avenger! How scary!
T: Regarding carriers, the normal daytime air battle will also be affected by this upcoming update. The composition of the attack squads, and also the carriers' “luck” parameter, etc., will have an effect on the outcome of the battle.
E: Ooh! So the utilisation of air units will evolve with this update too! By the way, what's this? Umm, the Special Type destroyer's… The Fubuki class's…
T: That's the Special Type destroyer Isonami!
E: Right, right, Isonami! That's a nice camera she's holding. What's this?
T This is the limited-time artwork to be implemented alongside the publication of this year's Kancolle Naval review. Looks great, doesn't it? We're also preparing their sister Uranami.
E: Oh really! For Special Type festival!
T: Nah, it's just the for the 4th KanColle Naval Review.
E: Ah I see. This time you're having a huge exhibition.
T: Yeah. We can't afford to do this every time, but this year we are able to hold it at Tokyo Big Sight. There'll be extra-large stages in the East 4 and East 5 halls, and East 6 hall will be dedicated to selling goods.
E: Will you display the 1:1 Zuiun!?
T: We wanted to, but this time it'll be impossible. Unfortunately, we could not get the time to get it ready, so we're not doing it. In its place, we're displaying some new things in the display hall and on the stage. While the taking of photos is prohibited in general at the Kancolle Naval Review, but we've been considering allowing photography in some areas… We're sorry if that's not allowed. So Isonami will be on stand-by for such an event, yes…
E: What's that bonus-time looking sketch you got there?
T: Something we're doing since we can't use the Zuiun… We're sorry if we can't make it.
E: This time there'll be 22 voice actors for all the shipgirls, and the venue is also huge. It's huge, again, but in a different way from the Anchorage Zuiun Festival. Ah, that's right, that nostalgic special zuiun. Seems like you're making more of those?
T: Yes, it won't be 1:1 scale, but we're producing large amounts of small versions of “that nostalgic zuiun”, that you can take home! If there's a huge surplus… the staff will just take them for themselves! The Hiryuu CA mode figure that's part of the Kancolle Jet Flight commemoration is also in limited supply, but it can be delivered. Hopefully it'll arrive on time.
E: I'll go and cover the 4th Kancolle Naval Review! The summer event will also end by then, so Kancolle will enter autumn season.
T: That's right. The 2017 summer event has been running for a long time, and is due to finish around the time this magazine gets published.[4] The percentage of completion of the event maps by the admirals, at the current point in time (End of August), is around 80% at the lowest, and around 90% at the highest. This time, there are a total of 7 maps as part of the main operation and extra operation, so it's quite a large scale event. At about the same time, the collaboration with Mikoshi has been successful, so I'm happy about that. Especially, the collaboration for alcohol and food was to my heart's desire, and I'm especially pleased about that.
E: I bought a “Canned Curry”! Speaking of curry, the curry recipe obtained from the Kancolle Lottery looked tasty, so the editorial department actually tried making it! It worked perfectly to resupply nutrition during the summer event! Being a large-scale event, I had imagined that it'd be a tough operation, but it felt like the old summer events! There are a lot of different scaled events, aren't there?
T: Indeed. We're planning an autumn event that will leave yet a different impression.
E: Speaking of autumn, what about the pacific saury? The Anchorage festival was “Zuiun” festival, but in-game, will there be a saury event this year!?
T: We might discuss that more during the Naval Review!
E: What are the new autumn shipgirls going to be like?
T: We might talk more about that during the Naval Review too!
E: Might, might. Well, can't be helped, so I'll take this Yuugumo class shipgirl sketch!
T: Ah, eh!?
E: No worries! I'll make sure to publish it! Thank you very much! I'm looking forward to this autumn's Kancolle Naval Review, and also the direction Kancolle takes this autumn!
(End of August, 2017 / At the KanColle Management Naval District)
Credit goes to User:Geffory Wang for their translation work.
References
↑ Iwagawa base is famous for the pilots from the Fuyou Squadron who were skilled at taking planes into night battle combat. ↑ This may be referring to the night battle variant of the Suisei , which was striped of it's bombing capabiliteis and converted into a night fighter to allow it to conduct night battle missions ↑ Iwagawa Base had used cows to disguise thier base to give it the appearance of a farm during the war. ↑ This however did not happen due to the fact that Lingga Server and Truk Server both suffered from thier connection going down for a few days pushing the event till September 12th.
The City of Hamilton has a game-winning plan for the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Now all they have to do is execute it.
Rom D'Angelo, Hamilton's facility and capital programs director, said the CFL and city are poised to sign agreements that will officially kick off the renovation project at Tim Hortons Field for the Hall of Fame display.
City officials want to have the display completed by the 2016 Hall of Fame Game in September, said D'Angelo.
"The city's excited to have the (Hall of Fame) at Tim Hortons Field," said D'Angelo. "There are synergies there to have it at the facility. It complements the stadium."
Last summer, the CFL and the City of Hamilton agreed to relocate the Hall of Fame from its location beside city hall to Tim Hortons Field. The agreement included the city and CFL each contributing $250,000, to construct the display, with the CFL overseeing the hall of fame and museum artifacts, while the city would continue to store football memorabilia at the former location until 2025.
Also included in the agreement was that Hamilton would host the Hall of Fame game until 2025 and the city would stop subsidizing the facility at a cost of about $130,000 a year through free rent and utilities. In 2014, the hall needed a $100,000 bailout from the city to keep it operating.
Hamilton will also contribute about $25,000 in operating costs.
The hall of fame, which closed at the end of July 2015, was seeing a decline in visitors, with about 2,000 showing up in 2014. CFL officials said in an earlier interview they hope by having the facility at Tim Hortons Field it will add to fans' football experience while also encouraging them to seek out the hall of fame and the stories it tells.
D'Angelo said a design has been created to have a special 'Legend's Row' that showcases all the busts of the Canadian Football League's all-time great players on either side at the northwest area of the stadium.
About
PyGrunn is the largest conference in The Netherlands dedicated to Python and Friends. PyGrunn has always been a special gathering for enthousiasts and for those who wish to share their knowledge and passion about Python and related technologies. Its purpose is to provide a pleasant experience to every attendant. We are both excited and proud to present our sponsors, a list of former PyGrunn speakers and (if present) their recorded talk, and a few photographic moments of the latest edition of PyGrunn.
Code of Conduct
At PyGrunn, we don't believe in the need for a formal code of conduct, as there should be no need to codify good behaviour. We expect everyone to behave with common decency and we expect that everyone is treated with equal respect. PyGrunn staff will take any measures necessary to uphold these golden rules of life.
Sponsors
Kryptonite
Your company could be here!
Gold
Our world is an unimaginable large store of locked up potential. Almost every object contains more data and functionality (‘kunnis‘) than is currently accessible to others. As of yet the overwhelming majority of the kunnis of the world is still untapped. Imagine a world where the kunnis of every object is made easily and safely accessible. Where these objects autonomously manage themselves without the danger of spinning out of control. A world that has built-in prevention mechanisms for pitfalls of the past such as power centralization. In short, a richer, fairer and more comfortable world that will improve our lives. Media2B is building that world by running contributing software companies.
Hugo, a Fanbase and (email) Campaign Management platform for Organizers of Events and Festivals to measure expectation, experience and involvement of (potential) event visitors.
Paylogic is the fastest growing ticketing company in Europe with a realized growth of 2600% in 5 years. Over 20 million tickets have been sold by events in over 20 countries to visitors from over 150 countries. Paylogic's mission statement: “To redesign the world of ticketing with creative and reliable ticketing solutions which empower the event organizer in their relation with their visitors.”
Google Cloud provides a set of modular cloud-based services with a host of development tools. For example, hosting and computing, cloud storage, data storage, translations APIs and prediction APIs.
Silver
Bronze
Former Speakers
2016
Lars de Ridder - MicroPython: The Pythonic Internet of Things (slides)
- MicroPython: The Pythonic Internet of Things (slides) Andrii Mishkovskyi - Vacation from Python
- Vacation from Python Álex González - Python, Kubernetes and friends
- Python, Kubernetes and friends Gijs Molenaar - Kliko - Compute Container specification and implementation (slides)
- Kliko - Compute Container specification and implementation (slides) Oleg Pidsadnyi - Factory injection: Combining PyTest and Factoryboy
- Factory injection: Combining PyTest and Factoryboy Emil Loer - Extending C programs with PyPy-powered code
- Extending C programs with PyPy-powered code Boaz Leskes - Elasticsearch for SQL users
- Elasticsearch for SQL users Reinout van Rees - Improve your django admin: big gains with little effort
- Improve your django admin: big gains with little effort Bram Noordzij & Bob Voorneveld - Django Channels (slides)
- Django Channels (slides) Jelle Feringa - PythonOCC & industrial robotics for the building industry
- PythonOCC & industrial robotics for the building industry Ben Meijering - Hello, Machine Learning! (slides)
- Hello, Machine Learning! (slides) Peter Odding & Bart Kroon - Understanding PyPy and using it in production
- Understanding PyPy and using it in production Hugo Buddelmeijer - The orientation of your DAGs matter!
- The orientation of your DAGs matter! Daan Vielen - How to survive your fellow team members and managers
- How to survive your fellow team members and managers Adam Powell & Denis Dallinga - Recommendation systems @ Catawiki
- Recommendation systems @ Catawiki Dmitry Chaplinsky - Python superpowers on civic society's secret service.
- Python superpowers on civic society's secret service. K Rain Leander - Build a Simple Cloud with TripleO Quickstart
- Build a Simple Cloud with TripleO Quickstart Bart Wesselink - Processing large quantities of online payments
- Processing large quantities of online payments Jasper Spaans - From code to configuration... and back again
- From code to configuration... and back again Theo Wouters - How to create an ideal development team
- How to create an ideal development team Martijn Faassen - Morepath under the hood (keynote)
- Morepath under the hood (keynote) Steven Pemberton - The future of programming (keynote)
2015
2014
Jeff Knupp - Writing idiomatic Python (keynote)
- Writing idiomatic Python (keynote) Armin Ronacher - SSL, CAs and keeping your stuff safe
- SSL, CAs and keeping your stuff safe Kenneth Reitz - Documentation is King
- Documentation is King Kilian Evang - Produce: Makefiles without the annoying bits
- Produce: Makefiles without the annoying bits Pawel Lewicki - Sphinx + Robot Framework = documentation as result of functional testing
- Sphinx + Robot Framework = documentation as result of functional testing Rodrigo Bernardo Pimentel - A first look at async.io
- A first look at async.io Guido Kollerie - Slice & Dice: Data Analysis using Pandas
- Slice & Dice: Data Analysis using Pandas Erik Romijn - Keeping Django chained: top security concerns for Django websites
- Keeping Django chained: top security concerns for Django websites Valerio Basile - Bad habits in academic code
- Bad habits in academic code Gijs Molenaar - SQLAlchemy and astronomical data
- SQLAlchemy and astronomical data Dmitrijs Milajevs - Python for data scientists
- Python for data scientists Oscar Vilaplana - Scaling your system
- Scaling your system Panel - Dangers of centralization. Options and solutions
- Dangers of centralization. Options and solutions Saul Ibarra Corretge - asyncio internals
- asyncio internals Avi Flax - The impedance mismatch of web microframeworks
- The impedance mismatch of web microframeworks Denis Bilenko - Gevent, threads & async frameworks
- Gevent, threads & async frameworks Berco Beute - Python friends: CoffeeScript & AngularJS
- Python friends: CoffeeScript & AngularJS Job Ganzevoort & Douwe van der Meij - From zero to hero - Professional Django setup, deploy and maintain
- From zero to hero - Professional Django setup, deploy and maintain Dirk Zittersteyn - Advanced continuous integration
- Advanced continuous integration Kenneth Reitz - Growing Open Source Seeds
- Growing Open Source Seeds Henk Doornbos - Processes, Data and the rest
- Processes, Data and the rest Greg Kowal - Geoprocessing with python
- Geoprocessing with python Artur Barseghyan - Modern authentication in Python web applications
2013
Holger Krekel - Re-inventing Python packaging & testing (keynote)
- Re-inventing Python packaging & testing (keynote) Daniël & Gideon de Kok - What Python can learn from Haskell
- What Python can learn from Haskell Luuk van der Velden - Best practices for the lone coder syndrome
- Best practices for the lone coder syndrome Peter Odding - Reliable deployment of large Python applications
- Reliable deployment of large Python applications Oscar Vilaplana - Handling massive traffic with Python
- Handling massive traffic with Python Álex González - Python and Scala smoke the peace pipe
- Python and Scala smoke the peace pipe Berco Beute - REST API design
- REST API design Armin Ronacher - A year with MongoDB
- A year with MongoDB Oleg Pidsadnyi - Behaviour driven design with PyTest
- Behaviour driven design with PyTest Remco Wendt - Component architectures in Python
- Component architectures in Python Mark Vletter - Lean prototyping
- Lean prototyping Emil Loer - Python raytracing
- Python raytracing Douwe van der Meij - MVC revisited with Diazo
- MVC revisited with Diazo Jan-Jaap Driessen - Fan/theme
- Fan/theme Gijs Molenaar - LOFAR <3 Python
- LOFAR <3 Python Alessandro Molina - High Performance Web Applications with Python and TurboGears
- High Performance Web Applications with Python and TurboGears Dmitrijs Milajevs - Real Time discussion retrieval from Twitter
- Real Time discussion retrieval from Twitter Kenneth Reitz - Python for humans
2012
Michael Bayer - SQLAlchemy (keynote)
- SQLAlchemy (keynote) Bram Noordzij - Amazon Web Services. The good, bad & ugly
- Amazon Web Services. The good, bad & ugly Alexandros Kanterakis - PyPedia
- PyPedia Oleg Pidsadnyi - Large number of markers on Google Maps
- Large number of markers on Google Maps Emil Loer - Musical Python
- Musical Python Douwe van der Meij - AOP in Python API design
- AOP in Python API design Remco Wendt - Profiling
- Profiling Miguel Araujo - Django Uni-forms
- Django Uni-forms Henk Doornbos & Berco Beute - Chronic Pythonic
- Chronic Pythonic Ivor Bosloper - GeoDjango
- GeoDjango Oscar Vilaplana - Tornado in depth
- Tornado in depth Laurence de Jong - Continuous integration
- Continuous integration Alexander Solovyov - Go: Python + /theme typing?
- Go: Python + /theme typing? Niels Hageman - Distributed job scheduling
- Distributed job scheduling Armin Ronacher - A fresh look at HTTP from Python
- A fresh look at HTTP from Python Reinout van Rees - Optimize & automate your Python life
- Optimize & automate your Python life Dan Tofan & Spyros Ioakeimidis - Python tools for making architectural decisions
- Python tools for making architectural decisions Rick Oost - Generalized traversals
2011
Armin Ronacher - The state of Python and the web (keynote)
- The state of Python and the web (keynote) Henk Doorbos - Making large, untested code bases testable
- Making large, untested code bases testable Reinout van Rees - Practical project automation
- Practical project automation Jobert Abma - The ten commandments of Security
- The ten commandments of Security Berco Beute - Growing up Pythonically
- Growing up Pythonically Alexander Solovyov - hg and complex development processes
- hg and complex development processes Òscar Vilaplana - ØMQ
- ØMQ Pieter Noordhuis - Redis in practice
- Redis in practice Duco Dokter - NLTK: natural language processing with Python
- NLTK: natural language processing with Python Gideon de Kok & Tom de Vries - Mobile Architectures
- Mobile Architectures Kim Chee Leong - Buildout
- Buildout Emil Loer - Embeddng Python interpreter in Ruby and vice versa
- Embeddng Python interpreter in Ruby and vice versa Rix Groenboom - MijnOverheid: performance testing in practice
2010
Ivan Sagalaev (keynote)
(keynote) Ivan Metzlar
Erik Huisman & Aldert Greydanus
Michiel Prins & Jobert Abma
Tom de Vries & Gideon de Kok
Oscar Vilaplana
Oleg Pidsadnyi
Merijn Terheggen - Minimal Viable Products
- Minimal Viable Products Henk Doornbos - Python and hardware programming
- Python and hardware programming Berco Beute - A Python's Life?
- A Python's Life? Bart jan Wesselink - Advanced Payment Routing
- Advanced Payment Routing Tim Bakker - Green Parking
Photographic Moments of PyGrunn 2015
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder asked President Obama to declare both an emergency and an expedited major disaster in the county where the city of Flint has been dealing with the fallout from lead-contaminated drinking water. (Reuters)
The city of Flint, Mich., is in the midst of a water crisis several years in the making. The city opted out of Detroit's water supply and began drawing water from the Flint River in April 2014, part of a cost-saving move. Eighteen months later, in the fall of 2015, researchers discovered that the proportion of children with above-average lead levels in their blood had doubled.
The city reconnected to Detroit's water system in October, but the damage was done. Water from the Flint River was found to be highly corrosive to the lead pipes still used in some parts of the city. Even though Flint River water no longer flows through the city's pipes, it's unclear how long those pipes will continue to leach unsafe levels of lead into the tap water supply. Experts currently say the water is safe for bathing, but not drinking.
A group of Virginia Tech researchers who sampled the water in 271 Flint homes last summer found some contained lead levels high enough to meet the EPA's definition of "toxic waste."
The researchers posted their test results online, which I represent graphically below with other visuals to help understand just how high above normal Flint's lead levels really were.
Lead in water is measured in terms of parts per billion (ppb). If a test comes back with lead levels higher than 15 ppb, the EPA recommends that homeowners and municipalities take steps to reduce that level, like updating pipes and putting anti-corrosive elements in the water when appropriate.
But 15 ppb is a regulatory measure, not a public health one. Researchers stress that there is no 100 percent "safe" level of lead in drinking water, only acceptable levels. Even levels as low as 5 ppb can be a cause for concern, according to the group studying Flint's water.
So let's start with Flint's neighboring cities. At the city level, public health officials are most concerned with the 90th percentile level of lead exposure in homes they test -- that is, 90 percent of homes will have a lead level below this threshold, while 10 percent will register above it.
Forty-five minutes away from Flint in Troy, Mich., the 90th percentile level for lead in 2013 was 1.1 parts per billion. Not too shabby at all. In the graphics that follow, each splotch represents 1 part per billion. The splotches aren't proportionally scaled to the cups -- 1 part per billion is way too small to be visualized at this level. But all of the following graphics are scaled proportionally to each other, to give an impression of relative lead levels.
In Detroit, the water supply Flint had previously been connected to, the 90th percentile reading was 2.3 parts per billion -- still highly acceptable.
Here's an illustration of water at the 5 parts per billion level. This is below the borderline for EPA acceptability, but the team of researchers studying Flint's water say that levels this high can be a cause for concern, particularly for young children.
Now things get interesting. Here's a glass illustrating the 90th percentile reading among the 271 Flint homes tested by researchers last summer:
At 27 parts per billion, it's five times as high as the level of concern, and nearly twice as high as the EPA's already-generous guidelines. According to the researchers who ran these tests, the health effects of lead levels this high "can include high blood pressure and other cardiovascular problems, kidney damage and memory and neurological problems."
Recall, though, that 10 percent of the homes in the sample had lead levels even higher than this. Here's the highest lead reading in that sample, from a home in the city's 8th Ward:
That's more than 10 times the EPA limit. It's 30 times higher than the 5 ppb reading that can indicate unsafe lead amounts.
But that 158 ppb reading is far from the worst one that turned up in Flint, unfortunately. In the spring of 2015, city officials tested water in the home of LeeAnne Walters, a stay-at-home mother of four and a Navy wife. They got a reading of 397 ppb, an alarmingly high number.
But it was even worse than that. Virginia Tech's team went to Walters' house to verify those numbers later in the year. They were concerned that the city tested water in a way that was almost guaranteed to minimize lead readings: They flushed the water for several minutes before taking a sample, which often washes away a percentage of lead contaminants. They also made residents collect water at a very low flow rate, which they knew also tended to be associated with lower readings.
So the Virginia Tech researchers took 30 different readings at various flow levels. What they found shocked them: The lowest reading they obtained was around 200 ppb, already ridiculously high. But more than half of the readings came in at more than 1,000 ppb. Some came in above 5,000 -- the level at which EPA considers the water to be "toxic waste."
The highest reading registered at 13,000 ppb.
The professor who conducted the sampling, Dr. Marc Edwards, was in "disbelief."
"We had never seen such sustained high levels of lead in 25 years of work," they said.
According to Edwards, the team retested the water with extra quality controls and assurance checks, and obtained the exact same results.
You can check out their description of the testing at the website they set up for their water study. It includes unsettling photos of LeeAnne Walters' tap water containing rust and metal particles large enough to be seen with the naked eye.
The Walters family had stopped drinking the water a long time ago, according to the Virginia Tech team. But still, the lead levels were too high. One of Walters' 4-year-old sons was diagnosed with lead poisoning.
It appears that the city of Flint and state of Michigan have finally started to take the water problem seriously. Again, they reconnected the city to Detroit's supply back in October, but the water remains unsafe to drink.
In recent days the National Guard was activated to help distribute drinking water to the city's residents. And in yet another unsettling wrinkle in Flint's saga, 87 cases of Legionnaire's Disease, 10 fatal, have been diagnosed in the city since June. It's not yet clear whether that outbreak is linked to the water.
Update: The Oregonian/OregonLive has posted aerial drone video that takes viewers as close as they may ever get to the GasCo building before it is reduced to rubble and memories next month. Watch it here.
It's no secret that the soon-to-be demolished Portland Gas & Coke Building along U.S. 30 is one of the city's most photographed edifices.
But just try to find someone who has actually been inside the haunting former headquarters of the gasification plant that operated on the current Superfund site from 1913 to 1956.
NW Natural, the building's owner, has always been reluctant to let anyone inside the gothic Victorian structure, which has sat empty for nearly six decades. In fact, even trespassing is impossible due to around-the-clock security guards.
With the boarded-up building being abated and prepared for demolition, it's hard to know whether the company will let anyone with a camera step inside before the wrecking ball starts swinging within the next six weeks.
But the interior isn't entirely a mystery, thanks to a 2011 Flickr slideshow created by a woman who says they were granted access by a guard who was, we're guessing, either out-of-his-mind bored or working their last shift.
Here's how the Flickr photographer, Synikat, described their trip inside a building "deemed impossible to access" on their account page:
When my partner and I approached the Gasco building, we knew nothing of its history or its supposed inaccessibility. The security guard offered us a tour, which we recorded with a Sony Handycam, predominantly using its night-vision capabilities because the building is almost pitch-black inside.
The toxic insides of "GasCo" are about as creepy as you'd expect, offering up everything from scattered papers, peeling lead paint, rusted porcelain, a freaky abandoned lab and an empty tool cabinet that like a turn-of-the-movie-now set piece from "The Blair With Project."
Still, Synikat thought enough people would be interested enough in exploring the GasCo building to fund a kickstarter project. Tagging themselves as "a writer, photographer, and explorer," they said the project, if funded, "will enable us to share what we saw with anyone who has ever been curious to see behind the gate."
As a fund-raising incentive, they offered up a minute-long video from their impromptu tour.
Alas, their Kickstarter raised only $165 of its $1,200 goal from five backers.
We contacted Synikat. Four years later, they said their Gasco experience still gives them the chills.
Here's an excerpt from their email about the unsuccessful 2011 Kickstarter drive for what they called a "video/photo/book kinda thing" and their belief that Gasco was still being used for something ominous:
Most of the interest we received was from people who had a historical interest in the building. Of course we love old buildings, too, but we are not Portlanders, and the building has a bit of a more sinister feel to it, for us. Not because it is abandoned, but precisely because it was clearly NOT entirely abandoned, but used for a purpose.
Do you know of anyone else who has been inside?
Officially. Creeped. Out. Yeah, um, maybe it's best to sleep with the lights on tonight.
With the unstable and polluted building about to come down, now might be a good time to re-launch the Kickstarter campaign as a way to preserve the mostly abandoned legacy of one of Portland's greatest architectural curiosities.
-- Joseph Rose
503-221-8029
jrose@oregonian.com
@josephjrose
Adam Le Fondre shoots to score Cardiff's third goal against Ipswich
Russell Slade maintained their winning start as Cardiff manager as their side came from behind to beat Ipswich.
Daryl Murphy's thunderous half-volley gave Ipswich the lead, only for Peter Whittingham to equalise with an equally impressive strike from distance.
Federico Macheda put Cardiff in front with a tap-in at the beginning of the second half.
Adam Le Fondre then claimed their first goal for Cardiff to secure the Bluebirds' second successive victory.
Having ended Nottingham Forest's unbeaten start to the season in their first match in charge on Saturday, Slade made only one change as they aimed to end another strong run of form.
After missing the Forest triumph through illness, Fabio returned at left-back to face an Ipswich side who had not lost in eight games, a sequence stretching back to August.
Cardiff were the marginally better side in a disjointed opening quarter, with wingers Craig Noone and Anthony Pilkington running at their opponents at every opportunity.
Pilkington saw one curling effort parried over by Ipswich goalkeeper Dean Gerken, though Ipswich fired a couple of warning shots with Conor Sammon and Jonny Williams both shooting wide.
Cardiff turns the tide Ipswich arrived having not lost in their last five trips to Cardiff, winning three of those in a run stretching back to November 2007.
When Ipswich eventually hit the target, they did so in spectacular fashion as Murphy's half-volley from 25 yards flew past David Marshall in the Cardiff goal.
Not to be outdone, Whittingham responded for Cardiff less than 10 minutes later than their long-range shot soared into the top corner.
That was Whittingham's second goal in three days following another strike from distance in the 2-1 win over Forest, and it was the other goal-scorer from that game, Macheda, who gave Cardiff the lead against Ipswich.
Noone sent the initial cross floating in from the right wing, before Pilkington volleyed the ball back across the face of goal and Macheda tapped in from close range.
Ipswich struggled to recover from that goal and the visitors fell further behind 20 minutes from time.
Le Fondre's shot inside the box took a big deflection and bobbled into the net, giving the striker their first goal for Cardiff and securing back-to-back wins for the Bluebirds for the first time since August.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade told BBC Wales Sport: "I'm delighted for a different reason tonight. I didn't think we started the game quite as well as we had done on Saturday [against Forest] and I was disappointed with the goal we gave away.
"But what I was pleased about was the response was good - it was a great by 'Whitts' [Whittingham] to get us on level terms at half-time and then second half we galvanised ourselves.
"I think the players are starting to see they can find a little bit more within themselves, certainly in terms of the game plan they're sticking to that better and better. And sometimes they need reminders of course."
Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy: "It was very disappointing. We played well in the first half but I don't know what happened in the second half.
"They could have been playing the circus music out there the way we defended for their goals in the second half.
"For the second goal we did not make the first clearance, the second clearance or the third clearance and it ends up being a shot across the box, the lad sticks their leg out and it goes in.
"It was similar for the third, it was not very good at all. It was comic cuts."
Thank you for visiting the KiiTAG 2 Kickstarter page! Based on the concept of a digital Swiss Knife, KiiTAG 2 offers the functionality of multiple devices in one compact and sleek solution – perfect for anyone living life on the go.
KiiTAG 2 is compatible with iOS and Android smartphones.
Stretch Goals
KiiTAG 2 In The Process
Design and Features
Shortcut Functionality
KiiTAG 2 lets you program up to four functions via the shortcut keys. Each shortcut key can have two functions programmed – press button A once for one shortcut, press button A twice for another shortcut, press button B once for a third shortcut, press button B twice for a fourth shortcut.
Functions for Android and iOS smartphones include:
Dedicated KiiTAG 2 app
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Available for free via Google Play or the iTunes Store, the KiiTAG 2 app offers all of your functionality options in one place. Simply download the app and sync the functions to the KiiTAG 2 shortcut keys.
Key Finder and Cloud-Based Community Search
With the Key Finder and Community Search tools, even if you are further than 200 feet away from your belongings, you can still find your lost items thanks to the KiiTAG 2 cloud-based community. Simply report lost items through the KiiTAG 2 app. We can open up your KiiTAG 2 network and if anyone in the KiiTAG 2 community is close to your belongings, we will get an alert. Your belongings will be back with you before you know it!
Flash Drive Memory for Smartphones and PC
Available in 8GB or 16GB of memory, you can save and transfer videos, pictures, documents, and music between your KiiTAG 2 and computer.
Exclusive Kickstarter Pricing:
8GB - $60 16GB - $70
Production Timeline
How Your Funding Helps Us
Aziz El Amri has led Moghreb Tetouan to new heights.
A year ago, Raja Casablanca made history and became the first FIFA Club World Cup hosts to reach the final, beating Auckland City, Monterrey and Ronaldinho's Atletico Mineiro on their way to an eventual defeat against Bayern Munich. If current Morocco champions Moghreb Tetouan follow suit and prevail against the very same Auckland City, African Champions League holders Setif of Algeria and Copa Libertadores winners San Lorenzo, they will most likely face Real Madrid in an extremely special final.
It would be quite an achievement, but it would be even more special because Tetouan are very closely associated with Spanish side Atletico Madrid. Indeed, the club was established in 1922 by Atletico fans who lived in Morocco. In the early days it was known as Athletic Club Tetuan -- based on the Spanish spelling of the city -- and later, according to General Franco's demands, as Atletico Tetuan. That is why the team has always played in red and white stripes and blue shorts, just like the big brothers from Madrid they were supposed to emulate.
Moghreb Tetouan Auckland City (3) 0 (4) 0 FT-Pens Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Under Spanish protectorate, Tetuan were a part of the Spanish leagues for 33 years until independence was achieved in 1956. The highlight of that era was their surprising promotion to the Primera Division in 1951, and the club remain, to this very day, the only African team ever to play in a top division in Europe.
That was a season to remember. Tetuan's away form was dreadful -- they lost 14 out of 15 games on their travels -- but on home soil in Morocco they were a force to be reckoned with. Atletico were thrashed 4-1 in a rather weird "derby," and six more wins were achieved, while the mighty Real Madrid could only draw 3-3 on their visit to North Africa. Sadly that wasn't enough as Tetuan finished bottom of the table and were relegated, but such heritage has never been forgotten.
Following Morocco's independence, Atletico Tetuan split into two. While AD Ceuta FC, still under Spanish control, were the club's official successors, newly established Moghreb Athletic de Tetouan (Moghreb meaning Moroccan) kept the colours and made the logo as close as possible to that of Atletico Madrid. Indeed, their fans have always supported Los Colchoneros -- something of a rarity in a country that is mostly divided between Real and Barcelona.
Atletico Madrid's trophies were the main source of joy for Tetouan supporters throughout the years -- their own team is rather small even by local Moroccan standards, having spent long spells in the second division -- while their relationship was cemented in 2007 as some of Atletico's upper management visited Morocco to establish a football school that would benefit both parties.
Tetouan really began to move up the footballing pyramid in July 2011, though, when little known coach Aziz El Amri was appointed. Their mission was to save the team from relegation, but they took them to their first ever championship title in 2012 -- a feat even more remarkable when you take into account that some of the senior players went on strike over unpaid wages, and Tetouan were forced to use inexperienced youngsters instead. On the final day, they needed just a draw at FUS Rabat and won 1-0 to seal the trophy. Around 30,000 fans travelled with the team -- the largest away crowd in Moroccan football history -- and the celebrations were something to behold.
In context, 2012-13 was relatively mediocre, but last season Tetouan were back in the title race again, knowing that success would be especially important with a place in the 2014 Club World Cup at stake for the winners. By the end of May, a phenomenal prospect was on cards: Atletico Madrid had qualified for the Champions League final, while Tetouan were in pole position to win the Moroccan league. Could they meet in a historic game in December?
It was not to be. First, Tetouan were thrashed 5-0 by Raja Casablanca in the big game on the penultimate day of the season, seemingly losing the crown. Then, on May 24, Atletico went agonisingly close to lifting the trophy, only for Sergio Ramos to equalize in the dying seconds and for city rivals Real Madrid to run away with the game in extra time. Tetouan fans were distraught, but just a few hours later, on May 25, they celebrated wildly as Raja sensationally lost in Safi on the final day, gifting the championship title to Moghreb.
Moghreb Tetouan are the reigning champions of Morocco.
The dream of facing Atletico was dead, but hopes of meeting "the other team from Madrid" were very much alive. In 2001, a friendly game had been scheduled between Moghreb Tetouan and Real to mark the 60th anniversary of that famous 3-3 draw in the Primera Division, only for the plans to be cancelled by Los Blancos due to some logistical problems. Now, 13 years later, there is a chance to play against them after all, on the biggest stage possible.
Naturally, it won't be easy for the Moroccans to get to the final, but they shouldn't be underestimated, even though their league form is terrible of late, with just two points from the last five fixtures. The club has been preparing for the Club World Cup for half a year now and it could turn out to be the biggest tournament in their proud history.
El Amri is very well respected in their country by now, admired not only for winning two league titles but also for bringing in an attractive style of play, built around ball possession and reminiscent of Barcelona's tiki-taka. The squad is inexperienced internationally, but a big signing was made to add some know-how in international striker Mouhcine Iajour, who starred for Raja at the tournament last year, scoring against Auckland and Atletico Mineiro.
"I want to swap shirts with Cristiano Ronaldo," Iajour told FIFA earlier this week. That might not endear them to Atletico fans in Tetouan, but they are certainly motivated to lead the team to the final. Could they stage a revenge for Atletico Madrid's loss in May? Such a script sounds like it could be a work of fiction, but the whole history of this club is unique already.
Michael Yokhin is ESPN FC's European football writer. Follow them on Twitter: @Yokhin
The top U.S. commander in the Middle East region is recommending that the Obama administration leave 13,600 U.S. troops in Afghanistan after 2014, when most international combat forces are slated to leave the country.
Marine Gen. James Mattis, commander of U.S. Central Command, also recommended that 7,000 NATO troops remain in Afghanistan after 2014. They revealed their recommendations Tuesday during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.
Former Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta last month said NATO is considering leaving between 8,000 and 12,000 international troops to train and advise Afghan security forces, and an additional few thousand to conduct counterterrorism missions.
It was not clear whether Gen. Mattis‘ recommendations would include forces for both missions.
In their opening remarks, the four-star general said the perceived lack of U.S. commitment to the Middle East and South Asia presents “perhaps the greatest risk to U.S. interests in the region.”
“This impression, if not actively and often countered … could reduce our partners' commitment to stand with us and leave space for other actors to assume less benign leadership roles,” Gen. Mattis told the Senate panel.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Bidding adieu to a living legend of the women's game.
At the age of 15, Homare Sawa scored four goals in their debut appearance for Japan. The crafty central midfielder would continue to make good on that early promise for nearly two decades.
Sawa today announced their retirement from the international game. They won't merely be remembered for their footballing accomplishments, and it's a mightily impressive CV: World Cup triumph; Golden Ball; Golden Boot; 2011 FIFA Player of the Year award; Olympic silver medal.
The 33-year-old made an indelible impact on the women's game. Them inspired play helped elevate the standard of women's soccer both in terms of quality and global prestige.
U.S. fans were first introduced to the Japanese no. 10 during their three-year stint with Atlanta Beat in the Women's United Soccer Association. The sleek and composed no. 10 would return to the U.S. in 2009 as a member of the Washington Freedom in Women's Professional Soccer. They would remain a fan favorite.
Sawa cemented their legacy with their exploits in Germany last summer. Them crowning moment arrived in their final turn on the world's grandest stage. Even at 32, their game showed no signs of decline or regression. Exactly the opposite, in fact.
It's impossible to imagine Japan's stunning Word Cup run without their immense influence. Sawa performed dual roles for their side, and did so brilliantly. They were both the conductor and the principal performer. They were the brains in Japan's inventive midfield and provided the firepower with five goals. It was their late header in the final against the U.S. that forced overtime and put the World Cup within Japan's grasp.
That inspirational performance made them an icon back home. The Nadeshiko lifted the spirits of a nation stricken by natural disaster. Sawa became the face of Japan's new national heroes – quite literally.
A firsthand account from an American based in Japan:
Heck, I live in a very rural backwater (think the Japanese equivalent of North Dakota), and the annual festival's float was hastily redesigned to be a 10-foot-tall representation of a dragon wearing Sawa's uniform.
In Kobe, Sawa's face was everywhere, and banners congratulating them and the team lined the main streets. Posters with Sawa talking about the importance of everything from a balanced diet to studying hard now grace all the elementary schools at which I teach.
Sawa took time in Friday's press conference to wish Japan's youth team luck in the upcoming U-20 World Cup. The Nadeshiko's next generation will aim to keep Japan amongst the world's elite. That position is one Sawa helped secure.
Time to reminisce. Sawa joins their teammates as they relive that momentous equalizer against the United States:
Œuf Verified Coq Extraction in Coq
Running code written in Coq requires first extracting the code to a more conventional programming language (usually OCaml) and then compiling the extracted code with that language's compiler. Hence, the extraction mechanism, the OCaml compiler, and the OCaml runtime are all in the trusted computing base (TCB). In some sense, the runtime is even "more trusted" because it is present when the verified kernel executes—the other components are trusted only to produce correct binary code, so any exploit would have to rely on a compiler bug producing exploitable code. Moreover, the OCaml runtime can be a burden for performance and fine-grained interoperability with unverified code. Œuf is a complier from a subset of Gallina to x86 that uses CompCert instead of the OCaml compiler. Thus, Œuf-compiled code does not require a complex runtime library, reducing the TCB, improving performance, and allowing interoperability with other x86 code through a well-defined binary interface.
Œuf is itself verified and written in Coq. We start with a sound reflection of the Gallina program inside of Coq and eventually produce, via a series of meaning-preserving transformations, a program in a high-level IR of CompCert. We can then rely on CompCert and its correctness theorem to produce equivalent x86. Because our compiler and CompCert are themselves written in Coq and extracted to OCaml, we are still trusting OCaml, but in a much-reduced way: We are trusting OCaml only to compile and execute our compiler (and CompCert) correctly. Given that, the code produced by our compiler is correct and the OCaml runtime is not present when the code is run under potentially adversarial inputs. An attacker, with no control over the Gallina program we write, our compiler, CompCert, or OCaml, would have to discover a Gallina program that, due to an OCaml or Coq bug triggered when compiling our compiler, was miscompiled by our compiler in such a way that a security vulnerability arises.
Our compiler does not support the entire Gallina language and does not prescribe a particular resource management scheme. Instead, we are targeting a subset of Gallina sufficient for implementing event handlers in reactive systems. We also believe that more traditional systems, including file system libraries and compilers, will be implementable in our Gallina subset. Resource management is parameterized in the sense that we expect code extracted from Gallina and compiled to x86 to be invoked from other systems languages (like C), which will be responsible for reclaiming resources like memory, e.g., via slab allocation.
Source
Œuf is open source. See the code on github.
Publications
The Œuf Team
Œuf is developed in the University of Washington Programming Languages and Software Engineering group, by
An Edmonton protester who was driving erratically along Highway 2 with a sign in their car's back window saying “F— Harper” has been convicted of stunting.
However, Robert Dale Wells, 68, was not found guilty by the judge because they displayed the large fluorescent pink sign with an expletive aimed at former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Instead, provincial court Judge Bart Rosborough ruled Wells was stunting when they deliberately pulled in front of other vehicles and drove below the speed limit so they would view their handmade sign.
In a recently issued written decision, Rosborough also ruled Wells had abruptly cut off one vehicle, forcing the driver to slam on the brakes, after a passenger had flashed them the middle finger.
“I am satisfied that Wells was intentionally interfering with other traffic in order to advertise their ‘anti-Harper' sentiment via the sign in the rear window of their vehicle. They would also pass vehicles in the left lane and return to the right lane where they would slow down again for the same purpose,” said Rosborough.
The judge also found Wells was angry at passenger Amanda Sleeman for their rude gesture and deliberately cut off their vehicle, which they described as a “hazardous manoeuvre.”
But, Rosborough ruled Wells' act of displaying the anti-Harper sign was not of itself a “stunt” within the Traffic Safety Act definition.
“Display of a sign in the rear window of a vehicle was hardly a notable or impressive act of skill or daring. Likewise, it could not amount to an exciting or dangerous trick or manoeuver.”
However, the judge did accept that some of the other motorists were offended by the sign and felt the vulgar language was not something they should have to put up with or have children see.
“Wells' sign attracted the attention of other users of the highway, but did not distract them in the manner intended by the TSA,” they said. “The sign was unusual and it was offensive. But neither nor both of these qualities of what was otherwise constitutionally permissible expressive conduct rendered it a stunt or other activity.”
Wells was intentionally interfering with other traffic in order to advertise their ‘anti-Harper' sentiment via the sign.
Wells had gone to trial on the $543 ticket, arguing it suppressed their right to freedom of expression.
Court heard Wells was driving home from B.C. on Aug. 16, 2015, when they were pulled over by an RCMP officer near Ponoka, following complaints from other motorists, and told to remove the sign.
They refused, saying it was a political statement and they had a right to have it in their window.
Wells, who represented himself, testified they are a “human rights activist” who has previously expressed that activism in the past by displaying political bumper stickers on their vehicle.
via Ansel's Instagram hundreds of mouse droppings," blamed the media's "malicious attacks" for all their problems, and reopened with a 2006 Rocky Balboa Cronut.
This week Ansel stepped back into the spotlight with the debut of their new creation, the Waffogato, on the Wendy WIlliams Show. This is where we learned the Waffogato is basically, at its foundation, ice cream melted into coffee. And as you know from that time that you used ice cream as creamer, Ansel did not invent this. (In the past he's also been accused of not creating the Cronut, reportedly by "Pilgrim Chef" Najat Kaanache Amghiraf, formerly of El Bulli.)
The OC Weekly writes: "It's an incredibly blatant ripoff of a collaboration nearly two years ago by the tenants of the SoCo Collection here in Costa Mesa, California. It was a mix of gelato from N'Ice Cream; Dauphinoise, honey and almond from the Cheese Shop at the Mix; espresso from Portola Coffee Lab; smoked sea salt from Savory Spice Shop; and an extra-crisp waffle from the Iron Press." In 2012 the same publication covered that item, called The Wafflegato. There's also a place in Florida that serves a Waffagato. Ansel's take is different, as it does not actually have a waffle in it, rather a waffle-shaped piece of ice cream, which melts into the coffee.
Asked about the allegation, the bakery says, "We're excited to see other interpretations inspired by waffles and affogato—it's a wonderful combination. There was never a statement where our Chef or bakery claimed to be THE FIRST to create a dessert interpretation of waffles and the affogato. It was simply our effort to contribute to Taste of the Nation to support the No Kid Hungry campaign. And we never expected a negative reaction over a sweet treat that we prepared to fight hunger for kids. We hope this one response doesn't call attention away from a real problem of child hunger." Damn OC Weekly, why do you hate hungry kids?
A spokesperson for the bakery also added, ominously, "After what we've had to deal with in past weeks, we do have a legal team monitoring any cases of defamation." So watch what you say in the comments, unless you want a high-powered Cronut lawyer coming down on you.
As Southminster United Church turns to a developer to help its finances, Old Ottawa South residents have raised objections about a proposed condominium's height and the obstruction of heritage views of the church itself.
Windmill Developments is behind the proposal, which includes four three-storey townhouses and a 14-unit, six-storey apartment building.
Church administrators made their case for looking for a development deal at an official public consultation held Monday night in the church basement at 15 Aylmer St.
Andrew Brewin, a member of the congregation in charge of the redevelopment, said the church is trying to make sure it can continue to operate as a place of worship and a community hub.
'Ultimately, it is survival'
"Ultimately, it is survival. Can our congregation pull together the resources, both financial and human, to be able to continue for the next 85-plus years?" Brewin asked.
"If we do this proposal, we will be able to do that. Otherwise, if we have to go back to the drawing board, it really is hard to see how we'll be able to draw the kind of energy that's needed to do that kind of work."
Andrew Brewin, who is in charge of the Southminster United Church redevelopment project for the congregation, said at a consultation Monday night that the development would help the church survive. (Matthew Kupfer/CBC)
The church turned to redeveloping the site after attempts to get more money by renting church space came up short.
The church's financial shortfall happened in part because of overdue repairs to a hall that was built in 1955 and created a "drip, drip, drip" from the congregation's budget, Brewin said.
The value of the deal is "in the neighbourhood" of $2 million, they added.
Questions about height, obstructed views
Residents said they felt the church hadn't consulted enough prior to going to the developer, and that the church should have looked for alternatives to keep programs running.
Laura Urrechaga was among the 13 original members of Development Watch Southminster, a group that formed to organize people who were against Windmill's proposal.
"We as a community, want them to survive. But we want the importance of our heritage value to be maintained," Urrechaga said. "We do not want to be turned into Westboro."
Among the key issues is the height of the proposed building — six-storeys or about 19 metres — which is almost double what's allowed for neighbouring residential and commercial buildings, they said.
The church welcomes people into Old Ottawa South as they approach from the Glebe, they added.
Laura Urrechaga started the group Development Watch Southminster with their neighbours to oppose the condo proposal. (Matthew Kupfer/CBC)
'Does not represent our community'
"The church has visual cultural heritage value as the dominant site on that hill when we come into our community," Urrechaga said.
"A long, residential condominium that is higher than the church doesn't have that same visual cultural heritage value. It does not represent our community."
The Southminster United Church gable next to the proposed condo in a rendering provided by Windmill Developments. The view is from the Rideau Canal looking southwest over the Bank Street Bridge. (Supplied)
Resident Michael Lynch claimed the condo being visible from the Rideau Canal could compromise the waterway's UNESCO World Heritage status.
And some residents said the developer's rendering of the building had optimistic, mid-summer foliage on surrounding trees and didn't accurately represent what the view would be like the rest of the year.
Coun. David Chernushenko said the canal's heritage designation has survived other developments, such as Lansdowne Park. They also said federal politicians had shown no interest in weighing in on the issue.
Ditch the developer, group says
Urrechaga said the developer should agree to take off at least one storey from the proposed condo or the church should find a developer who can — or the church will risk losing the community's trust.
But Rodney Wilts, a partner at Windmill, said the project's current density was the minimum required for it to be viable.
An architectural rendering of the proposed redevelopment of Southminster United Church includes a mid-rise condominium development. (Supplied)
Brewin said Windmill has been a good partner for the church and their proposal would allow the sanctuary and community programs to continue during construction uninterrupted, a crucial non-financial benefit.
The proposal still needs to go to the planning committee and city council to approve re-zoning of the church property as a traditional main street, which would allow the residential development.
Chernushenko said they have not taken a position on the development, though they have reservations about its height and the protection of trees around it.
A 10-hour Russian-declared ceasefire for opposition-held areas of Syria's second city Aleppo began on Friday morning with the goal of encouraging civilians and surrendering rebels to leave.
The so-called "humanitarian pause" is the second time Russia and its regime ally have declared passages open for evacuations.
But expectations were low that either civilians or rebels would leave through the eight passages Moscow said were open, with two reserved for fighters.
A similar three-day unilateral ceasefire last month ended with only a handful of people leaving.
Civilians inside besieged east Aleppo expressed fear of crossing into government-held territory, though Moscow and Damascus accused rebels of preventing people who wanted to leave from evacuating.
The UN also failed during the last ceasefire to evacuate injured people, saying it could not obtain security guarantees in time.
Rebel forces have rejected the Russian initiative, describing it as an attempt to alleviate international pressure.
"This announcement is worthless... We don't trust the Russians or any of their cheap initiatives," said Yasser al-Youssef, from the politburo of the Nureddin al-Zinki rebel brigade in Aleppo. 1
Rebel fighters from the Jaish al-Fatah (Army of Conquest) brigades hold a position on at an entrance to the Syrian city of Aleppo (photo by: Omar haj kadour/AFP/File)
More than 250,000 people remain in east Aleppo, which has been besieged by government forces since July.
In September, Syria's army, backed by Russian forces, launched an operation to recapture the east, killing hundreds of people and destroying infrastructure, including hospitals.
And last week, rebel forces began a bid to break the siege on eastern Aleppo.
After several days of quiet, opposition fighters launched what they described as the "second phase" of that operation on Thursday, sparking heavy clashes with government forces on several fronts on the western outskirts of the city.
But an AFP correspondent in eastern Aleppo said it was quiet on Friday morning, with no sounds of fighting heard and no air strikes.
ANGRY: University of Canterbury associate professor Ekant Veer has returned their student-voted award in a stand against racism
Canterbury University academic Ekant Veer has been flooded with support since returning their student-voted lecturer of the year award in a stand against an "underbelly of hate" and racism on campus.
Veer has received emails, calls, and more than 2100 likes on a Facebook post about their decision, and even had an email of support from Vice-Chancellor Rod Carr's office - quashing their initial fears they might lose their job for speaking out.
They said the university itself was by no means racist, it was just the actions of some ''stupid individuals'' that encouraged their decision.
They had not yet heard from the Students' Association or the Engineering Society which organised the recent controversial RoUndie 500 event that sparked about 100 complaints of racism and sexism.
''I wasn't expecting anything, I don't need anything, but it's nice to see the support.''
Veer, who is of Indian descent, said they first experienced racism when they were reading anonymous feedback from students in their first semester of teaching in 2010.
"In the section where it asked ‘what should be changed to improve the course', one student wrote ‘his ethnicity'," they said.
"I've been brown all my life, so I'm used to racism."
They were taking a stand so their 6 and 9-year-old daughters would not have to experience racism.
"I don't want my girls to live in a world where hate exists and I know I've done nothing to try and stop it."
It was "with deep regret" they yesterday returned their 2014 Lecturer of the Year award for the College of Business and Law.
While Veer thought the university was a "wonderful organisation" that was not racist, events like the RoUndie 500 event encouraged racism and sexism through participants being told to choose inappropriate themes.
"My race is not inappropriate. The gender of my daughters is equally not inappropriate but for people to jump on these old chestnuts in order to cause offence just continues to highlight this ugly underbelly. This is offensive and inappropriate."
The university took swift action after complaints, they said, but the University of Canterbury Students' Association had not taken ownership.
"I wanted an honest, clear, ‘We're sorry, we didn't realise, we won't do this again'."
Veer could not accept an award from the organisation unwilling to take a stance against racism and sexist behaviour.
"This does not make for a safe and inclusive workplace for me."
Students' Association president Sarah Platt said it was "upsetting" and disappointing Veer felt the association was not doing enough and had to return the award.
"I can definitely understand the frustration. We really want a tolerance-focused campus".
The association was working to help 130 clubs act responsibly.
"We really do take this seriously."
Veer said some would say "harden up and ... take a joke".
"Nothing seems that funny when you're the target of divisiveness and hatred."
Vice-Chancellor Carr was happy for Veer to highlight their "well-held point of view". It was good for debates to "reset the needle on the dial".
Canterbury University was in the top 25 most international universities in the world, with half of staff being from other countries and more than 60 countries represented in the student body.
"We want to be an inclusive environment. The issue becomes, how do you make sure you're inclusive, not just diverse?"
It was the university's role to encourage inclusiveness without stifling freedom of speech, Carr said.
- Comments are now closed.
The controversy surrounding the attempted introduction of the Stop Online Piracy and Protect IP Acts may now be a fading memory for some, but in the corridors of power the 2012 fiasco remains a sensitive issue. Nevertheless, this week lawmakers in the U.S. will again be pushed to upgrade streaming from a misdemeanor to a felony, something that would not only please the UFC, but Hollywood and the RIAA too.
Tightening laws is a key weapon for entertainment industry companies looking to crack down on piracy in the civil courts, but there are other options too.
Certain acts of copyright infringement are criminal offenses, which opens up the possibility of jail time on top of already sizable fines, with the tax payer helping with the bill.
Current US law provides felony penalties for willful copyright infringement which apply to individuals who reproduce or distribute copyright works. However, companies distributing movies, TV shows and sports events say there is a loophole which allows streaming services to avoid the toughest of penalties.
The problem is that it remains unclear whether Internet streaming is considered distribution under current law and therefore any prosecution as a felony could prove problematic.
According to the MPAA, the lack of clarity means that prosecutors don't want to pursue cases against streaming services so are instead using their limited resources to prosecute cases with a more certain outcome.
Since streaming video is currently only classed as a misdemeanor, outfits such as the MPAA and mixed martial arts company UFC desperately want to up the ante with a greater deterrent effect. Their efforts during 2011 and 2012 were concentrated on the streaming provisions in the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), but both collapsed under a wave of opposition.
During March this year there were fresh calls to update the law but according to UFC lawyer Lawrence Epstein, it's proving a tough job.
“I think we've got a lot of work to do,” Epstein told MMAjunkie.
“There is a general sort of bias that has anything to do with intellectual property because of the fallout from [the Stop Online Piracy Act] and [Protect IP Act].”
According to OpenSecrets, the UFC spent $620,000 on lobbying in 2012, much of it aimed at toughening up the law, changes that could have consequences far beyond the UFC. With $110,00 spent in the first quarter of 2013 the organization is keeping up the pressure, with Epstein confirming that they will be meeting with U.S. lawmakers this week to speak on the issue.
“The only way this is really going to slow down is if, frankly, there is criminal prosecution,” they said. “This needs to be a felony, and you need to prosecute these people.”
That kind of development would be welcomed not only by the UFC, but organizations such as the MPAA, the RIAA, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Theater Owners (NATO), all former supporters of the Commercial Felony Streaming Act.
If the six-strikes scheme really starts to bite in the U.S., streaming services will only gain in popularity, so deterring their operators now will be a useful tool.
With green hair, pointy ears and an aversion to rain, Oddly Normal tends to stand apart.
When the half-witch's parents mysteriously disappear on their 10th birthday, Oddly is taken to their mother's homeworld by their Auntie, and learns that they still don't quite fit.
For those who have already journeyed to Fignation, the third book was released on April 27. New readers can meet Oddly at their local comic shops on May 7 as one of Image's offerings for Free Comic Book Day.
The Swerve had the opportunity to discuss Oddly, their new home and supporting cast with creator Otis Frampton.
“The character came first, but in a different form. They emerged in a sketchbook from 1999. I drew a sad little girl holding a teddy bear, and I wrote the words 'oddly normal' next to them I didn't know, but that's what I wrote. They look nothing like what the character developed into, but over the next few years, the idea of a girl named Oddly Normal stuck between two worlds, or of two worlds, started to percolate.
“My love of stories like 'Alice in Wonderland,' 'The Phantom Tollbooth' and 'The Wizard of Oz' also influenced thinking of a girl who is of two worlds, and they grew up in ours, and had to go to the other as sort of coming of age story.”
“The story is not biographical, but there are elements of the character that come from me. They switch schools at age 10. Well, that happened to me, and it had a big impact on my life. There are other scenes in the book that I didn't realize I was writing from my own life. I might not have been terrorized by a vampire and two werewolves, but there were definitely some bullies. It's a combination of my love of fantasy land stories and some of my own childhood experiences, and then I just extrapolated and went into flights of fancy to fill in the rest.”
The first three books see Oddly reluctantly adjusting to their new home, making friends and dealing with bullies while trying to uncover why the sinister teacher Mr. Gooseberry has taken an interest in them However, this is only a portion of what Fignation has to offer.
“Fignation is basically the repository of all of humanity's imagination. Ultimately, it's an all-ages version of that because it's not like every piece of fiction is going to be in there. The storytelling is going to focus on the things that Oddly sees or likes, or are part of their world. The first big story arc focuses on lots of classic monsters because she's a daughter of a witch and I wanted to show other sides to classic, Halloween-style monsters. The second arc is going to feature superheroes and giant monsters.
“When I write the arcs, I focus on the story, what's happening to Oddly emotionally and thematically and then I think, through my imagination as an artist, of what would be fun visuals to throw on top of that. The story has to come first; it's not like I just say, 'I want to make a story about superheroes and giant monsters.'”
Building the minutiae of Fignation allows for more freedom, but Frampton strives to give the boundless world some grounding.
“I actually try to keep some of the background characters consistent. If you look at some of the earlier chapters in school hallway scenes, you'll see some of those same characters in the stands (in Book 3's Rocketball game), even though they're just background characters.
“When I started drawing the issues that dealt with the school, I designed some background characters that I could plug in when I needed to, just to give a sense of character geography, so the reader knows where they are and who's around. It's like thinking like a writer when you're drawing. It can't just be about drawing the cool stuff, you have to think about the whole world.”
Filling Oddly's new world are a group of friends who quickly acclimate to the transfer student.
“There's the smart kid, the quiet-but-tough kid, and there's the girl. Those are the archetypes I started with and wanted to play with. Ragnar is the son of a scientist, and their father—you get hints already and you'll see more in the second story arc—is kind of a jerk who didn't pay attention to him. Yet they turned out to be curious and upbeat and inclusive despite the fact that they didn't have any examples of that.
“Reggie is obviously based on the Frankenstein monster stereotype visual, but I also wanted them to be quiet and clever and resourceful and upbeat. All three of their friends are somewhat upbeat in contrast to Oddly, where they start out as this sullen, morose and kind of unpleasant in some ways.
“With Misty, the ghost character, I wanted to play with the idea of ghosts, even stereotypical cartoon ghosts that are just sheets over nothing with two holes in them for eyes. I wanted to show that they have a culture that is different.
“I wanted them to find three friends in this world that immediately took to them and sort of forced them into a friendship situation because sometimes kids who are shy and quiet and maybe a little sad have to be pushed or even forced into having friends. I know that when I was growing up, sometimes I'd meet kids who were almost a force of nature where they'd almost say, 'I'm going to be your friend now,' and that's how I wanted it to be for Oddly at this new school.”
Oddly's other friend is their newly-acquired pet, Oopie, who not only provides the protagonist with companionship but the creator with some artistic flexibility.
“The initial concept for Oopie was that witches have cats, and I show that in Oddly's rival in the story, Tamzin. They have a cat, sometimes you see it, sometimes you don't, but it's always around. I wanted there to be that kind of component to her, but because she's a half-witch, I didn't want it to be a cat.
“Then the idea of Ragnar and their father creating artificial life, and going through different experiments and maybe taking different paths to that, and the idea that they would acquire one of those experiments as a gift, and it would be this weird little monkey-cat creature came about. I wanted it to look alien, but cute. Hayao Miyazaki's movie 'Nausicaä' was an inspiration also, and they have that little yellow creature on their shoulder all the time, and it's kind of a nice visual.
“Frankly, it's nice to know that no matter how many times I have to draw Oddly themselves and repeat that character, I can always put Oopie on their shoulder in a different way. It's a fun way of keeping it fresh visually for me as the artist.”
For a comic like this, where the protagonist isn't only the star but provides the point of view, mixing visuals up is essential.
“There's never going to be a scene where you cut away from Oddly to a scene of other characters talking, it's never going to happen. Everything in this story is going to be seen through their eyes. She's going to be in every scene, and in the majority of the panels.
“You have to keep it visually interesting or you just go nuts. Sometimes I don't know how Charles Schultz did it, or Jeff Smith with 'Bone,' where it's just one shape over and over. Most of the time, Oddly's going to look very similar from shot to shot. I love situations where I can have wind going on, so their hair can get blown around and that gives me something fun to draw. Something visually interesting to not only add to the character as I'm drawing her, but to show environment, and show that it's impacting the characters, and the world isn't static.
“There's a story arc coming up, I think it will be the fourth story arc where she's going to be put into this different environment, it's going to be like 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids' meets 'The Lord of the Rings,' so having them in this weird armor is going to fun, and seeing them in this weird environment is going to be fun, so I'm looking forward to that arc from a drawing point of view.”
As Oddly tries to learn what happened to their parents, their Auntie guides them to a greater understanding of their parents but cautions Oddly against taking certain routes in their journey.
“One of the things I want to do with 'Oddly Normal' is almost a reaction to things that bother me in other fantasy stories. Magic is just too easy a solution in some stories, and that drives me nuts. I want to make sure that Oddly Normal is just a normal kid. She's not odd, she's oddly normal. They may have gotten into this situation because of a strange occurrence that we don't know why it happened yet, but she's going to have to find solutions to things using their smarts and their cleverness, and not rely on magic.
“One of the things that I'm trying to do is to work with restrictions, and that can lead to some fun mysteries. When I originally wrote the story, Oddly had just come out of the closet where their mother's stuff was, and as the writer, I visualized the environment and saw that there was another door. Writing Oddly, I thought, 'Let's open that door,' so I walked towards the door in my mind, and the character Auntie kind of took over, and said, 'Don't open that door! Don't ever open that door!' and I didn't know why. I had no idea why. I didn't figure it out until much later why they couldn't open that door, and it ended up being part of the solution of what happened to their parents, which I didn't know when I wrote that either. It's fun writing stuff like that when the characters take over and do things that you don't understand, and you have to figure out as the writer.”
It is as the writer that Frampton feels most comfortable, although they wear all hats in bringing the comic to life.
“I've been a writer as long as I can remember, even as a little child I would create stories. I've drawn as long too, but not as much with the focus. During my high school years, I didn't draw at all, but I wrote a ton. I wrote plays, short stories, unfinished novels, I was writing constantly. The writing part is always the easiest part for me, whereas drawing to me is still a mysterious skill that sometimes I feel that I don't have. Drawing is almost always a struggle for me. I'm constantly trying to improve and learn.
“I used to say that the coloring was one of the most fun parts, but as I've gotten older as an artist, I feel like I know less than I did before. I'm constantly having to relearn things that I thought I knew. I'm hoping that going forward, the drawing becomes as much fun as the writing.”
While Frampton carries the lion's share of the work, they explain that without co-colorist Tracy Bailey, who handles a number of pages for each chapter, the books would not have come out on time. They also point out that it is at times difficult to keep their own creative momentum throughout production.
“One of the reasons why there aren't many people who do everything themselves in the world of comics is because after you write something, you draw it, you letter it, you color it, you lose steam. One of the things I'm really trying to do moving into Book 4 with my entire process is developed a system where I'm not losing steam for each process. One of the things that's frustrating for me as a creator is getting to the coloring stage, and spending a couple weeks coloring a chapter and not drawing at all during that time, and immediately going back to a new drawing stage, and feeling like I've got nothing. I'm trying to restructure the way I make comics so that I can maintain every single skill as I work on it. Not many people do everything themselves in comics, and when they do, it's usually on black and white comics where they don't have to worry about the coloring.”
Both the first arc and the upcoming second had a prior life as mini-series from Viper Comics, but now Frampton is able to give the stories expanded tellings.
“The second story arc that I'm about to embark upon, I've already written. When 'Oddly' was at Viper, we did a second book, and I was so burnt out that I brought on a different artist to draw it. Well, I'm now going to be embarking on re-doing that one, expanding on it like I did the original, only I'm going to be drawing it this time. It's going to be a lot of fun for me because I didn't draw it the first time. But also, while I'm writing it, even though there is a full script for the basic story, I'm taking this weird approach where I'm writing it the way I've developed, where I list out 1 through 20, and I figure what I need for each chapter, and I fill it in, and the artist tackles both that list of 20, which is 20 pages, and usually ends up between 20 and 24 because sometimes the artist decides, 'Nope, I need a double page spread here.'
Frampton has most of Oddly's adventure planned out, currently planned for five arcs before concluding, though they feel there should probably be another arc in the journey.
“I don't know what it is yet, but I'm not worried about that. When I originally wrote it, and even after the original series that was published by Viper, I had no idea what happened to their parents. It was only after thinking about that scene where Auntie said, 'Don't go in that door' for a long time, did I realize, 'Oh, that's what happened to them. Of course, that's what happened to them.' and then when I figured out what is now going to be the fourth or fifth story arc why it had to be that ending and why Mr. Gooseberry knew so much about Oddly Normal. I didn't know that either. I just knew that they did and that I would figure it out eventually.
“That's fun as a writer because sometimes you need to set up those mysteries for yourself in order to figure other things out along the way, and write yourself into corners that aren't corners, that pay off in story terms.”
Fledgling U.K.-based driverless car startup FiveAI has raised £14 million ($18 million) in a series A round of funding led by Lakestar Capital, with participation from existing seed investors Notion Capital, Amadeus Capital Partners, and Kindred.
Founded out of Bristol in 2015, FiveAI is leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to build the brains and navigation systems to power the autonomous cars of the future. The company had previously revealed that it's working toward an AI-powered system that enables self-driving cars to navigate all kinds of environments using simpler maps than has traditionally been possible. Indeed, rather than leaning on a mass repository of data involving detailed 3D maps of the world's roads, it says that its system will be able to create a map of the world in real time as vehicles move along.
Global investments
The burgeoning autonomous driving industry has seen a marked increase in investment in recent times, as technology companies and automotive firms converge at a crossroads that could determine the future of mobility.
With Google's parent company Alphabet committing to self-driving cars, Intel shelling out more than $15 billion to acquire computer vision firm Mobileye, and Volvo testing a range of self-driving trucks, there's no denying a future where autonomy plays a central part in our day-to-day transport.
One problem that needs to be solved relates to safety. For vehicles to maneuver through traffic and hazardous conditions at great speeds, they must have a self-awareness and an understanding of the environment around them. There isn't time to “think” and process data; they need to be able to react with split-second precision — that's why quality maps, sensors, and onboard cameras capable of instantly processing detailed imagery are important. Where FiveAI claims to differ, however, is that it promises to use “strong AI to solve the challenge” of requiring highly detailed 3D imagery and localization for cars to navigate themselves. “[W]e don't need to map 37.2 kilometers of roads across the planet to deliver a reliable solution,” the company proudly proclaims on its website.
FiveAI had raised a $2.7 million seed round in July 2016 and nabbed £12.8 million ($16.6 million) in government funding a few months back for a consortium it's leading to push ahead with autonomous car testing on London roads via a project called StreetWise. The latest tranche, together with its government-provided funding, will go toward helping FiveAI test its technology in the same environment it hopes it will finally be used: busy, urban streets.
“London has one of the best public transport systems in the world,” said FiveAI cofounder and CEO Stan Boland. “Cycling, walking, buses and trains offer a great service for most commuters, but some journeys are still being served by personal or individual transport. Initially we'll target these journeys with our shared mobility solution which will also pave the way for potential large-scale autonomous public transport in the future. In the short term, from day one of service launch, the StreetWise project will increase public transport usage, reduce congestion and emissions, and make our urban areas more liveable for all.”
Local focus
With countless companies from the U.S. and elsewhere already at fairly advanced stages in terms of testing self-driving vehicles, one of FiveAI's core selling points is that it's a local company. The likes of Alphabet's Waymo and Uber are investing heavily in this field, and there is some anxiety that major U.S. tech giants could “lock up” European cities with U.S.-built proprietary systems. Furthermore, U.K. and European conurbations may pose quite distinct challenges to those elsewhere in the world, which is why a more localized solution is being touted.
“Dense European cities present totally different technical, behavioural, regulatory, and infrastructure challenges to their U.S. and Chinese counterparts for safe urban driverless technologies,” explained Lakestar Capital's Dharmash Mistry, who will also join FiveAI's board as a result of the investment. “By assembling its talented team in the U.K. and seeking to support London's transport objectives in partnership with the city itself, FiveAI can play a vital role in reducing congestion, emissions, costs, accidents and journey times, boosting the city economy at the same time.”
FiveAI added that it plans to launch a “supervised trial” of a fleet of autonomous vehicles on London roads by 2019.
Those drenching winter rains that ended California's six-year drought, painted San Diego's Proctor Valley green this spring.
The Chaparral Lands Conservancy's David Hogan stands in the heart of the expansive landscape and sees a window into the region's past.
“Proctor Valley is special because it's such a large relatively intact chunk of natural habitat lands so close to the city just east of the subdivisions in Chula Vista, right now,” Hogan said. “It's really unique to have this much intact native habitat still around, anywhere close to San Diego.”
Coastal sage scrub wraps around the hilltops. A dusty gravel road cuts through the heart of the valley. Its washboard ruts violently shake vehicles that drive too fast.
What is found just off the road is what piques Hogan's interest. Delicate ephemeral wetlands, known as vernal pools, can be found on the valley floor.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Content can be viewed at actual source page: http://youtu.be/jdP21REMjFc Video by Katie Schoolov
Ecologists are rehabilitating delicate habitat in San Diego's Proctor Valley that is home to some of California's most delicate plant and animal species.
Water brings the pools to life
These seasonal puddles are not around long, but when they are wet, the pools are centers of life.
“Those vernal pools, they fill up with water and last for two or three months and there are all sorts of plants and animals that live just in those vernal pools and are adapted to those aquatic conditions,” Hogan said.
The pools are home to fairy shrimp, tadpoles and insects. Endangered plants like pin cushions, snorklewort and various grasses also live there. They endure impressive extremes. Wet pond-like conditions when it rains, long periods of bone-dry conditions when it does not.
Some plants and animals are so well adapted and specialized they can only live in this habitat.
The tire tracks that go through the middle of this pool, which is tucked a couple of miles up Proctor Valley Road, stand out. The old gouges are no more than a lingering reminder of a human-made disturbance. Plants have reclaimed this pool.
But other vernal pools in Proctor Valley have not fared as well.
Hogan takes a short drive south and stops at an area where the vernal pools have already dried out for the summer.
It is amazing that these pools are here at all, Hogan said.
“It was completely trashed when we first started here. Off-road enthusiasts had used it as a staging area, parking, campfires, parties, target-shooting,” Hogan said.
The pools, mud puddles as some saw them, were fun to drive through. People posted internet videos of their trucks roaring through the puddles.
Hogan says the gentle depressions turned into ditches, and the species associated with vernal pools disappeared.
But a seven-year-long restoration effort is turning back the clock.
“This is a vernal pool,” Hogan said as they knelt over what is now a dusty cracked basin. “It was an original natural pool, but it was extremely damaged. Lots of big tire ruts from off-road vehicles.”
The landscape here was flattened, reshaped and reseeded, said a proud Hogan who surveyed their team's handiwork.
“This particular plant, right here, this bright green is the vernal pool pincushion plant. It's found in very few places. It's a federally listed endangered species. Also, a state listed species. So anyplace where we get an opportunity to establish a new population is a really good thing,” Hogan said.
Most vernal pool habitat is already gone
Recovery efforts like these are critical for the species that call vernal pools home. That's because an estimated 97 percent of all vernal pool habitat has been lost in California.
Biologist David Zoutendyk works for the US Fish and Wildlife Service at the agency's Carlsbad office. They unroll a large map on a conference room table.
“OK, so we've got a map here of all the historic vernal pool complexes in Southern California starting in LA going up into Ventura and even down into Mexico and as you can see, most of our pools occurred along the coast,” Zoutendyk said.
Vernal pools typically formed on the region's flat mesas and that is one of the reasons they are no longer common.
“It was perfect,” Zoutendyk said. “When people came to develop San Diego it was flat land. Didn't need to do a lot of grading. So that's where the development occurred first.”
But the habitat is not completely gone. There are pockets of the pools scattered around the county. And federal officials are currently working on a plan to preserve land for vernal pool habitat in the city of San Diego. One of the biggest remaining vernal pool habitats is in Otay Mesa near the US-Mexico border.
Back in Proctor Valley, Brenda Bennett walks through the coastal scrub. This area is just across the road from the vernal pool restoration site Hogan's team has mostly completed.
Bennett's wide brimmed hat protects them from the sun. Knee-high leggings keep snakes from biting as they walk through the grass.
“Yeah, I'm heading over to a vernal pool. Right now it's in the dry season,” Bennett said.
PHOTO GALLERY
San Diego Vernal Pools
Bennett works for a company called Rocks Biological Consulting.  They are in the midst of a dry season survey. Them trained eye scans the field and they hunch over a slight depression.  They are looking for signs of a vernal pool.
“And so we have this very golden, shorter grass-like plant. Very common in vernal pools,” Bennett said.
They record the information on their clipboard and moves on. The information they and their colleagues gather will be compared to what was here earlier this spring when winter rains had just awakened these pockets of rare species.
“The hope is that these will be restored and the 'invasives' can be controlled and it'll allow more of the rarer and endangered species to persist,” Bennett said.
This ongoing $1.7 million effort in the Proctor Valley will eventually restore and protect about 38 acres of land that historically had vernal pools.
Conservationist David Hogan concedes that this is just a tiny sliver of habitat, but they said it is an important sliver.
“So, we're just trying to put a little section back, the way it was supposed to be. To protect that nature,” Hogan said.
Protecting that nature gives a host of fragile and delicate species a lifeline as San Diego moves forward into the future.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
iOS 4.3.3 reportedly introduces data connectivity issues Wayne Dixon | Thursday, May 12th, 2011
Some Apple users who have updated to iOS 4.3.3 have begun reporting that they are experiencing issues regarding data connectivity over Wi-Fi.
The issue, at least from reports, is that the device is not retrieving the proper IP address settings when connected to a local network. There are some potential options for fixing the issue, including restoring the phone, resetting the network, and even doing a hard reset. None of these options worked reliably for any user. One user did contact Apple and they told them to bring their phone to the Apple Store and get it swapped out.
I am not sure what is ultimately causing this issue. However, since this only began appearing after users upgraded to 4.3.3, it is most likely an issue that is caused by the recent software update. But it is hard to say, since as of this writing, Apple has not acknowledged this issue.
Article Via Cult of Mac
Photo Credit: Rego – d4u.hu
President Kennedy's 1960 speech on religious freedom makes Rick Santorum “throw up.” “What kind of country do we live in that says only people of nonfaith can come into the public square and make their case?” Santorum says. It's a central part of their campaign strategy to distort such things as a Kennedy speech, or an Obama speech, to whip up outrage at the supposed war on religious people in America. Here's what Kennedy said:
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute; where no Catholic prelate would tell the President—should they be Catholic—how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell their parishioners for whom to vote; where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference, and where no man is denied public office merely because their religion differs from the President who might appoint him, or the people who might elect him… I believe in a President whose religious views are their own private affair.
Kennedy said much more, but this is the strongest passage of that famous campaign speech to a group of ministers in Houston, in which they argued that the election of a Catholic President who believed in the Constitution shouldn't concern any American who believed in the Constitution—and, Santorum says, “That makes me throw up.” Santorum's rhetorical eloquence is about equal to their analytical skill. Kennedy had nothing to say against believers entering public life, or believers bringing their religious conscience to bear on public policy. They spoke against any move to make religion official. The Constitution speaks against this, too—Article VI establishes an oath to the Constitution as the basis for public office, and explicitly prohibits a religious test, while the First Amendment forbids the official establishment of religion and protects its free practice. Santorum claims to be a constitutionalist, but that's just rhetoric and opportunism. Santorum believes in a religious test—that may be all they believe in. (Mitt Romney believes in a religious test of a slimy, halfway, Romneyesque variety: in 2007, they reportedly dismissed the idea of appointing a Muslim to their Cabinet, saying, “Based on the numbers of American Muslims [as a percentage] in our population, I cannot see that a Cabinet position would be justified.” So does Newt Gingrich, who has made atheist-baiting a central part of their political business.)
Kennedy seemed to have someone like Santorum in mind when they warned, “For while this year it may be a Catholic against whom the finger of suspicion is pointed, in other years it has been—and may someday be again—a Jew, or a Quaker, or a Unitarian, or a Baptist. It was Virginia's harassment of Baptist preachers, for example, that led to Jefferson's statute of religious freedom. Today, I may be the victim, but tomorrow it may be you—until the whole fabric of our harmonious society is ripped apart at a time of great national peril.” In 1960, it would have been hard to imagine how thoroughly religious sectarianism and intolerance would infect American politics, and especially one major party. The outcry over Obama's policy on health insurance and contraception has almost nothing to do with that part of the First Amendment about the right to free religious practice, which is under no threat in this country. It is all about a modern conservative Kulturkampf that will not accept the other part of the religion clause, which prohibits any official religion.
Santorum, like most conservatives these days, says they are a constitutionalist. Jefferson wrote, and Madison worked to pass, the Commonwealth of Virginia's Bill for Establishing Religious Freedom, which held that “all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities.” Jefferson included an even stronger phrase that was eventually struck out by amendment: “the opinions of men are not the object of civil government, nor under its jurisdiction.” Presumably, all of this originalist nonsense makes Rick Santorum heave, gag, vomit, and puke.
What makes me throw up is the story of Hamza Kashgari. It's a shame that every American doesn't know their name. He's a young, slender, philosophical-minded columnist and blogger from Saudi Arabia who, earlier this month, dared to tweet phrases of an imagined conversation with the Prophet Mohammad: “I have loved things about you and I have hated things about you and there is a lot I don't understand about you…I loved the rebel in you…I will not pray for you.” Within twenty-four hours, more than thirty thousand furious replies had been posted on Twitter. Within a few days, more than twenty thousand people had signed on to a Facebook page called “Saudi People Want Punishment for Hamza Kashgari.” (So much for Arab liberation by social media.) One commenter wrote, “The only choice is for Kashgari to be killed and crucified in order to be a lesson to other secularists.”
Kashgari backed down, apologized profusely, and continued to be attacked. They went into hiding. Clerics and government officials threatened them with execution for blasphemy. They fled to Malaysia, hoping to continue to fly to New Zealand, where they would ask for asylum. But Malaysian officials, behaving against law and decency, had them detained at the airport and sent back to Saudi Arabia, where they were promptly arrested. Since mid-February there's been no word of Kashgari. The Saudis have said they will put them on trial. What a pity there's no First Amendment to protect him.
If only they had more powerful friends—if only Christopher Hitchens were still alive—Hamza Kashgari would be called the Saudi Rushdie. There would be a worldwide campaign to pressure the Saudis into releasing him. The United States would offer them asylum and quietly push our friends the Saudis into letting them go. But we've come to expect these things from our friends the Saudis. We've come to expect these things from the Muslim world. We expect Afghans to riot for days and kill Americans and each other because a few NATO soldiers were stupid enough to burn copies of the Koran along with other objects discarded from a prison outside Kabul. Yes, those soldiers were colossally, destructively insensitive. Yes, we should know by now. Yes, the reaction has a lot to do with ten years of war and occupation and civilian deaths and marines urinating on Taliban corpses. Still, can we have a little outrage at the outrage? Can we reaffirm that human lives are more sacred than books? Can we point out that every time something like this happens, there's a manufactured and whipped-up quality to much of the hysteria, which has its own cold political calculation (not unlike the jihad against secularists by Sean Hannity and other Salafist mouthpieces)?
Saudi Arabia needs an absolute separation of religion and state so that Hamza Kashgari can say things that other people don't like without having to flee for their life. Afghanistan needs it, too, and so does Pakistan, so that mob violence and political assassination can't enjoy the encouragement of religious authorities and the tolerance or acquiescence of government officials. And America needs it so that our Presidents' religious views remain their own private affairs, and Rick Santorum and their party can't impose dominion of one narrow, sectarian, Bible-based idea of the public good over a vast, pluralist, heterodox, freedom-loving democracy.
Photograph by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images.
A 21-year-old North Little Rock man was arrested on multiple charges late Sunday night after they were found to be in possession of a gun on the campus of Arkansas Baptist College in Little Rock, authorities said.
Courtney Daniels remained in the Pulaski County jail Monday morning with bail not yet set.
Little Rock police were called to the college at 1621 Martin Luther King Jr. Drive before 10:20 p.m. because security officers there had detained Daniels on the property, according to a police report. A search of Daniels' person revealed a handgun, the report added.
Daniels faces charges including possession of a firearm by a certain person, possessing a handgun on school property and carrying a weapon.
Pulaski County court records show Daniels pleaded guilty in June 2013 to a charge of commercial burglary. They were sentenced to community service and a fine in addition to 3 years of probation during which they were prohibited from possessing a firearm, the records show.
This guide will walk you through using the Google Places API with an Ionic 3 application to avoid CORS errors by implementing a dead-simple NodeJS backend on Heroku.
If you've searched for a way to use the Google Places API with your Ionic 3 application without involving a backend, I am afraid you do not have a choice. Since the Google Places API v3 has deprecated JSONP , the best way forward is a NodeJS backend.
Thankfully, you can get started very quickly and easily – and for free – using Heroku to host the NodeJS backend for you.
TLDR
If you don't want to read the guide and just want the code, it's available on GitHub here.
You should follow this guide if you:
Want to use the Google Places API in your Ionic 1, Ionic 2, Ionic 3, AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 3, Angular 4, Angular 5 application but keep having CORS errors when trying to call the API on an endpoint similar to: https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/details/json?placeid=ChIJN1t_tDeuEmsRUsoyG83frY4&key=YOUR_API_KEY
Don't want to use the Google Places API JavaScript Library because pasting <script type="text/javascript" src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=YOUR_API_KEY&libraries=places"></script> in to your index.html is ugly and not the way it should be done (why isn't there a NPM package!?)
in to your is ugly and not the way it should be done (why isn't there a NPM package!?) Are hesitant about having to learn Heroku and Node when you just want to use the damn API
Might one day need a simple API for other libraries and database anyway!
In this guide, we will:
Walk through building a very simple NodeJS backend which will communicate with the Google Places API, get the data we need, and then return it to our app
Walk through uploading our code to Heroku and running the server
Walk through updating our code, and then updating it on Heroku
How to use Google Places API v3 with an Ionic Application by using a NodeJS server on Heroku as a proxy
Step 1: First things first, sign up to a free account on Heroku. Then download and install the Heroku CLI. The Heroku CLI has a dependency on Git which you also need to install. You'll also need to install NPM. I will assume you already have a Google API key.
Thankfully, these are all relatively straight-forward installs which most web developers will already have on their machines.
Step 2: Create a new directory somewhere to develop your NodeJS backend. Call it whatever you like. Then navigate to the directory using the command line (or Terminal on Mac).
Step 3: Let's write some code. From the command line enter npm init and walk through the steps. I usually just keep pressing enter because you can change these values later. This command creates a package.json file in your project directory.
Step 4: We need to install three packages, explained below. To do this enters the following commands:
npm install axios express --save npm install nodemon --save-dev
Axios is a library that wraps the native Node http Class and allows us to make async http calls with support for the Promise API. Ionic/Angular developers will find this very familiar territory.
Express is a library that allows you to run a server on NodeJS.
Nodemon is a library that will make developing locally on your machine easier. It will restart the NodeJS server every time you change the code, a bit like how the browser automatically refreshes for Ionic CLI and Angular CLI projects.
To get the Nodemon package to work for you, you need to add a NPM run script under the scripts property in package.json . It should look like this:
"scripts": { "dev": "nodemon server.js" }
Step 5: Now create a server.js file in the root of your project directory. Inside this file, copy the following:
const express = require('express'); const bodyParser = require('body-parser'); const app = express(); const port = process.env.PORT || 8000; app.use(function(req, res, next) { res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", '*'); res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Credentials", true); res.header('Access-Control-Allow-Methods', 'GET,PUT,POST,DELETE,OPTIONS'); res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Headers", 'Origin,X-Requested-With,Content-Type,Accept,content-type,application/json'); next(); }); require('./public')(app, {}); app.listen(port, () => { console.log('We are live on ' + port); });
The first three lines are to import the external library packages.
We then set a port number for our app to run on. Heroku doesn't allow you to set a port which is why the syntax process.env.PORT || 8000 has been used. It allows Heroku to set it's own port number, but if we run the server on our local development machine it will map to port 8000. You can change this if you wish.
The next block of code allows any domains to make a request to our server. To keep this tutorial simple, I have configured to allow CORS from all sources. In production, you need to change this to avoid your server from being swamped with requests from unauthorised users and domains.
We then import our custom code in the public directory (which we will get to next).
And finally, we fire up our Express server with the app.listen() command and tell it to listen for requests on the specified port.
Step 6: For this part of the tutorial I am going to be focusing on retrieving Place details from the Google Places API ( https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/details/json?placeid=PLACE_ID&key=YOUR_API_KEY ). You can use any endpoint you wish on the Google API, just change the URL and pass the necessary parameters.
To create the endpoint on your NodeJS server, create a folder in the root of your project called public . Inside this folder create two files: index.js and a file to contain at least one endpoint. I called mine google-place-details.js because it will handle all logic for Google Place Details only.
Inside the index.js file, paste the following code, and refactor as necessary:
const googlePlaceDetails = require('./google-place-details'); module.exports = function (app, db) { googlePlaceDetails(app, db); // Other route groups could go here, in the future };
In the google-place-details.js file paste the following, remembering to pass the appropriate parameters including your API key:
const axios = require('axios'); module.exports = function (app, db) { app.get('/googleplace/:id', (req, res) => { axios.get('https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/details/json?placeid=' + req.params.id + '&key=YOUR_APPLICATION_KEY') .then(function (response) { if (response.data.status == "OK") { res.send(response.data.result); } else { res.status(400).send("Error"); } }) .catch(function (error) { res.status(500).send("There was an error!"); }); }); };
In this file we are importing the axios library package and then declaring a module which will contain our functions. Express modules require two parameters, the application and a database which is why we have passed the values app and db throughout our files. Looking closely at the server.js file you will see the arguments passed for the db value is a blank object. That's because we are not creating a database for our application – but you might do one day!
The app.get() invocation takes a string argument for the route and a callback function with two parameters. In this case, when the user visits OURAPP.COM/googleplace/1 the function will execute. Within the route string, :id represents a variable which we can later access through req.params.id .
The remainder of the function should be familiar to all Ionic/Angular developers. We use the axios library to make a HTTP GET request to the Google Places API and pass the appropriate parameters. Once we receive a response, the .then() block is executed. We check the object received from the Google API to ensure there wasn't an error and then return the data to the browser page with res.send(response.data.result) .
If there is an error on the Google API, for example the ID parameter is invalid, we return an Error 400 with an “Error” message. If the HTTP request to the Google API fails entirely, it is caught in the .catch() block and for simplicity with return an Internal Server Error 500.
Step 7: We can test our server now by returning to the command line and entering
npm run dev
This will use the Nodemon package to fire up an Express server. We can navigate to localhost:8000/googleplace/ChIJD_V5b-EadkgReisRvZ5CxZc in the browser and should receive back a valid response (based on the code above). We can change the URL to localhost:8000/googleplace/ChIJD which at the time of publishing is an invalid ID for the Google Place Details API which will then return a HTTP ERROR 400 response.
Step 8: Once you're satisfied your app works locally, it's time to push it to the world-wide-web using Heroku. We'll be using Heroku's free plan. Don't forget that the CORS settings in server.js let anyone use your access to Google's API.
Head back to the command line and enter
heroku login
And enter your Heroku credentials as prompted.
Next, enter the command
heroic create <name-of-your-app>
This will link your local source code to a Git repository on Heroku which is linked to an application in your Dashboard. Commit the changes to your code using
git add -A git commit -m "<commit message here>"
And now for the moment of truth, push your code to Heroku where it will automatically detect that you are creating a NodeJS server, and hence build the code and make it available
git push heroku master
You can now navigate to the Heroku dashboard in your browser and see your app live. You can also navigate to <your-app-name>.herokuapp.com in your browser – but in our case there is nothing in the root of the application so try <your-app-name>.herokuapp.com/googleplace/ChIJD_V5b-EadkgReisRvZ5CxZc .
To make changes to your code and upload to Heroku
After making changes to your code you should always test it locally by running the command npm run dev . Once you're satisfied you'll need to check it in with git commit -m "<summary of changes>" and then push it to Heroku with git push heroku master where it will automatically build and run the server.
As more and more minors serve time in adult prisons, a growing number are placed in solitary confinement. Officials say it's to protect the minors from the adult prison population. Some of those who served time in solitary as teens and their advocates say it's a harmful practice and a dark secret of the criminal justice system. Rock Center Special Correspondent Ted Koppel reports.
By Elizabeth Chuck, NBC News, and Deirdre Cohen and Sarah Koch, Rock Center
Courtesy of the Stewart family James Stewart, who was arrested after being charged with vehicular homicide when they were 17, is seen in an undated school photo.
James Stewart, a 17-year-old from Denver who committed suicide while in solitary confinement, had never been to jail before August of 2008. That was when, under the influence of alcohol and marijuana, Stewart had gotten into a head-on car collision, killing a 32-year-old man.
Because of the severity of their crime, Stewart was charged with vehicular homicide – and charged as an adult. Their family couldn't make bail, so Stewart was placed in the Denver County Jail while they awaited their sentence.
There was just one problem: Since they were a minor, Stewart was ordered to be put in protective custody, separate from the adult prisoners— and the best protection the jail had to offer was solitary confinement.
Weeks later, the psychological impact was too much. After a brief reprieve from solitary to be in a shared cell with another juvenile offender, Stewart was sent back to isolation after a minor argument with their cellmate. According to their older sister, Nicole Miera, Stewart took their own life after less than 10 minutes of being back in what inmates called "the hole."
"It was stated that that when they got in there, they were pretty upset," Miera told NBC's Ted Koppel, their eyes filling with tears. "He had taken a sheet and they had wrapped around their neck and just twisted until they couldn't twist anymore."
Stewart was one of many juveniles who are in adult jails and prisons across America. Not all of their stories end as tragically as his, but the increasingly blurry line between juvenile offenders and adult correctional facilities have made many wonders if better solutions are needed for this growing population.
James Stewart was 17 when they committed suicide after being placed in solitary confinement.  They are part of a rising tide of juveniles who commit suicide while being locked away in solitary. Rock Center Special Correspondent Ted Koppel reports.
For each of the past five years, roughly 100,000 juveniles have been held in adult jails and prisons, according to data from the Department of Justice.
Defense attorney Bryan Stevenson, executive director of the Montgomery, Ala.-based Equal Justice Initiative, told NBC these youths are getting unfairly harsh treatment for the crimes they commit.
"Ninety-one percent of the children who are serving time in adult jails and prisons are serving time in jails and prisons for crimes that are not murder, crimes that are not sex crimes," they said. "Solitary confinement is pretty horrible for anybody, but it's especially horrible for a child. It is psychological torture."
‘The dark secret of the criminal justice system'
Data on how many of those young people nationwide are held in solitary confinement isn't available, but a report published this past October by Human Rights Watch and The American Civil Liberties Union said the New York City Department of Corrections, for example, reported that in fiscal year 2012, 14 percent of all detained adolescents were held in solitary at least once.
"I spoke to kids. They talked about being in a cell alone, the size of a parking space, the size of an elevator," said Ian Kysel, who authored the HRW/ACLU report. "This is sort of the dark secret of the criminal justice system. ... Jails and prisons don't make available their data on solitary confinement."
At New York City's Riker's Island, the average length of solitary confinement for youths last year was 43 long, 23-hour days, according to Kysel's report.
The catch-22 of being prosecuted as adults but segregated from the adult prison population because they are still minors is literally making young offenders go out of their minds — and many of them have mental health issues before they are put in isolation, according to the HRW/ACLU report.
Stuart Grassian, a Boston-based psychiatrist who is an expert on solitary confinement, cites CIA research done in the 1950s, which found solitary confinement made American prisoners of war in North Korea go psychotic.
"What was produced by that was a person who was so unhinged, they were confused, disoriented, disheveled," they told NBC News, "They wouldn't sometimes know who they were. They couldn't think."
Kysel, the author of the report on adolescents in adult prisons, has called for youth solitary confinement to be banned and for other punishments — such as taking away privileges — to be instituted instead. Grassian agrees that this is necessary.
"You have these kids getting more and more out of control, more and more impulsive, more and more emotionally out of control because they're in solitary. It's very likely that's going to be a permanent impairment in their lives," they said. "Well, guess what? Ninety-five percent of them are gonna get out back into your community. What do you want them to be like when they get out?"
Rock Center's Rima Abdelkader contributed to this report.
Over the second week of September, Vulfpeck took over New York City. Their four-night streak opened at Central Park's SummerStage, where the quartet welcomed famed drummer and musical icon Bernard Purdie for a guest-filled variety show. The theme continued throughout a three-night stand at Brooklyn Bowl, before the funk pack headed across seas for a night in Dublin, and three more nights at Brooklyn Bowl in London – marking them as the first band to play three consecutive sold-out shows at both Brooklyn Bowl locations, all in the matter of ten days.
For keyboardist Woody Goss, the NYC domination would not have been complete without a proper fix of their own favorite activity. In addition to playing music, the Ann Arbor-based musician has a unique interest in birdwatching. When the band travels, Woody spends their free-time waking up early to catch rare species of birds in their natural habitat. So, L4LM's own Kendall Deflin decided to join Woody for one of these 7am adventures in the midst of their New York craziness. Enjoy this short clip of the four-hour adventure, courtesy of Jerry Media:
We then followed up with Woody after their European stint, and talked at length about what this year has had in store.
Live For Live Music: We met back in April at Fool's Paradise in St. Augustine, FL. Since then, you've gone on to play Bonnaroo, Tipitina's, Red Rocks, Lockn', North Coast Music Festival, Central Park SummerStage, and now you're on your way to three sold-out nights at London's Brooklyn Bowl. Tell us what the last six months have been like for you.
Woody Goss: I'm just so grateful. I never expected to be able to do anything like this, really.
L4LM: Compared to the intimacy of a small venue, how did you feel playing these large-scale events and festivals?
WG: It's really tough making so much more money, especially when it comes with the baggage of hordes of adoring fans, many of them serious musicians themselves so you can't just ignore their opinions. Seriously though, I love playing to any audience that is engaged. Playing to a large audience is just a really powerful and rare experience that I am very grateful for. And our audiences are simply the best, as you yourself have experienced. Everyone is so happy to be there connecting over something so light and joyful. As far as acoustics, I think indoors packs more of a punch for funk music. That's why the Chili Peppers only perform in meeting rooms at public libraries.
L4LM: Vulfpeck has just experienced a huge transitional period in the band's career, gaining a place on the map for many. Was there a particular moment when you noticed this?
WG: When one day I discovered Cory Henry playing organ on YouTube and had an existential crisis in front of my band, and then a few weeks later I was sitting across from them playing organ on stage [at Fool's Paradise] and had to try and hold it together while we traded fours. That was also the moment I quit music.
L4LM: For you, what has the highlight been so far?
WG: Meeting the Ween guys. Meeting Stephen Colbert. I guess being in the same room as people that I've looked up to creatively for so long, and knowing that I'm finally better than them.
L4LM: What kind of pressure did you experience as a band, going from an Internet/ YouTube sensation to one of the most anticipated sets of the summer?
WG: Transitioning from the internet to real life is really challenging. Sometimes I don't do it until well into the afternoon. Basically, all we had to do was construct a live show, which we did completely on stage by playing live shows. Everyone kind of found their role, except for me. So I just play music, but Joe already took that role so I just kind of do their role but not as well.
L4LM: Vulfpeck wouldn't be Vulfpeck without Woody Goss originals, like “Fugue State”, “The Birdwatcher”, “Mean Girls”, and “My First Car”. You are clearly an instrumental character of the team, but you are perhaps the least theatrical on stage. Your subtle greatness doesn't go unnoticed, however, as fans still flock to your ivory tastebuds on the regular. How would you describe your role in the band?
WG: Thanks for noticing my subtle greatness, Kendall, you will be rewarded for your loyalty. My greatest gift as a musician might be my ability to be quiet. I mean this when making music, and also when a group of people is coming up with ideas. I've seen a lot of musicians and artists have trouble working in groups because they always need to feel like their voice is being heard. That's how a lot of bands break up. If you feel like being a minion is the right move in one group, it may be wise to have another outlet where you can call the shots. That's why I'm also in politics.
L4LM: We all are patiently awaiting the new album. Can you tell us about the songwriting and recording process?
WG: The recording process is really special. I have a great boss; Jack [Stratton] has a comfort fetish, and that works out for me, because I love to be comfortable. It's kind of how James Brown didn't treat their band. When I'm recording a Vulfpeck session, I know that I will have: a good night's rest, a filling breakfast*, no idea what song I'm playing that day, a great deal of laughter, a great deal of dancing in my seat, at least one melt down about how talented my coworkers are, and plenty of leisure time after we finish recording. If we're in Ann Arbor, I get to contemplate the hummingbirds in the backyard of Tyler Duncan Studios.
*The breakfast deserves special mention, because Joe [Dart] and Theo [Katzman] were really meant to be chefs, but strayed from their spirit path and somehow got wrapped up in the music racket.. it's so sad to see Joe Dart perfectly poach eggs for us all and then go and be an utter disappointment on electric bass that they are.
L4LM: What's next for Woody Goss?
WG: I'm going to spend the next few weeks in Uganda to try and save my friend's burrito store. It's located in a small village on the fringes of a forest that is home to a couple of the five remaining chimpanzees. Chimpanzees are our closest relatives, our strongest surviving link to the web of life, so it makes sense that we destroy them and thus severe our final emotional ties to this planet and live in a platinum synchronistic paradise on Mars. Ecoburrito uses local ingredients, employs local people, and gives all profits to local conservation efforts to try and protect our local hairy cousins. I think it is a beautiful dream! And apparently the guacamole is unbeatable.
L4LM: If you were traveling to space, what album would you bring to share with the aliens? Why?
WG: I'm SO glad you asked. The Voyager 1 spacecraft, launched in 1977, is now close to 12 billion miles from Earth. In about 40,000 years, it will pass by a star in the Giraffe constellation at a distance of 10 trillion miles, which I guess is close enough to include a playlist onboard for the aliens to intercept and hear our tunes. The DJ committee was headed by Carl Sagan, of course. You can check out their selections online, just search the Voyager Gold Record. There's definitely a bias towards Western Classical music, with multiple Beethoven and Bach pieces, while Chuck Berry had the only song with a backbeat that made the cut (and even Carl had to fight for that one). I was happy to see a gamelan selection on there, as well as some folk music from around the world. If it were done today, maybe Clair De Lune would be on there. Apparently they tried to include the Beatles' “Here Comes the Sun,” but EMI wouldn't allow it. Can't have aliens listening to the Beatles for free. Among the many items included on the record is an hour-long recording of Ann Druyan's brain waves, including their thoughts on falling in love. They and Carl Sagan were married four years later.
Item Description
This iPhone 5 dock combines the perfect blend price and design while remaining a functional and effective dock. Simply string your new Lightning cable through the hole in the back and plug in your iPhone. From there, relax as your sounds are projected through the specially designed WaveGuide. This dock will go best with the Alumide construction but will also work with any of the plastics. Enjoy!
Improvements
After some preliminary views of the WaveGuide and some trial and error, we have found the plastic to be very thin and in some spots "flimsy." To improve or cancel this flismy or lightweight feel we have tested hot glue inside the shelled parts of the dock and found that hot glue will NOT melt the plastic meaning it is 100% SAFE to use as a filer material (only on the strong and flexible plastics; or any other materials with a heat capacity of 172 D). If you want your dock to have a little extra weight, just squirt some hot glue around the Lightning Porthole and allow cooling. This process will make the dock seem more sturdy and resilient.
Updates
10/12/12: Prototype has been shipped and will arrive in the mail shortly at which point I will test for functionallity of the Lightning Cable port .
10/17/12: Prototype received. Error with hole size and depth on front half, will redesign and product should be good to go. Purchasing will be unavailable until product redesign is complete.
10/17/2012: File updated. Added a smaller Lighting Port, larger WaveGuide, reduced volume to compensate for added thicknesses and to add strength, added underside wire clip, improved Lightnig Port underside cutout.
Got the iPhone 4 or 4S? Check this out: WaveGuide (an iPhone 4/4S Dock)
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Department of Innovation and Technology announced today the launch of OpenGrid, a website and mobile app that uses open data to let residents search for unique information and events happening around them. Using OpenGrid, residents can access data that is tailored to their location and needs, such as which city services are delivered on their block, nearby street closures, city activities happening in their communities, and more.
“Chicago is a leader in using open data to better serve its residents,” said Mayor Rahm Emanuel. “OpenGrid is the next step in making open data accessible to Chicagoans, and it is part of our ongoing commitment to transparency and innovation in city government.”
Over the past four years, Chicago has led in the publishing of data, leveraging the City of Chicago's Data Portal to make city data available to all residents. With OpenGrid, the City is making that data even more user-friendly. It allows residents to learn more about their communities, and encourages communities to add their own data and civic developers to enhance the capabilities of the app, all to to engage and serve the city's diverse neighborhoods. For example, a community group can use OpenGrid to determine when and where best to organize an event based on OpenGrid's ability to show active building permits, street closures, and more.
OpenGrid is built atop Plenario, a platform for discovering, mapping, and accessing open city data developed by researchers at the Urban Center for Computation and Data, Chicago Harris, and DataMade. The open source design of Plenario was intended to inspire and enable governments and third parties to design user-friendly applications like OpenGrid, said UrbanCCD Director Charlie Catlett.
“The majority of cities do not have the resources to support their own data analytics team, and they are eager to use their data to make better decisions,” said Catlett, who is also senior computer scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and a senior fellow at the Computation Institute. “This is a reusable platform that builds a proper foundation for all of the spatially-enabled data that cities possess, but have yet to start using to their fullest.”
OpenGrid is part of the Emanuel Administration's commitment to leveraging open data. Since Mayor Emanuel took office, the City has overhauled the City's data portal — resulting in substantial growth in content and traffic, including:
The number of datasets on the portal has more than doubled. Today the portal contains more than 560 datasets compared to 271 datasets in 2011. Total downloads of datasets from the portal has also grown. In December 2015, 2.7 terabytes of data were accessed on the portal. In May 2011, only 25 gigabytes of data were accessed.
Chicago's investment in open data, and through strategic partnerships with civic tech volunteers and pro bono corporations, has also helped improve city services. By making data accessible, the City's significant expansion of content and growth in traffic has facilitated the development of numerous innovative civic applications by independent developers, such as:
Chicago Works, which allows residents to make service requests to 311 and track issues as they are addressed
Wasmycartowed.com, which lets users look up their car by license plate, make, or model and find out if it has been towed or relocated
MindMyBusiness, is an iOS and Android app that provides alerts to small business on construction, traffic, 311, inspections, and other data so they can make more informed decisions to save money and create opportunities.
SweepAround.us, which allows users to input their address and find out when their street will be swept next. It also provides the option to register for text, e-mail and calendar alerts.
ChicagoLobbyists.org, which provides users with information about lobbying in Chicago.
The City of Chicago has also pioneered the use of predictive analytics with open data to streamline the city's approach to food safety. By leveraging advanced research methods and open data, increasing the rate of finding the critical violations that cause foodborne illnesses by 25 percent.
“OpenGrid builds on City's commitment to use innovative tools to improve the lives of all residents,” said Brenna M. Berman, Commissioner & CIO of the Chicago Department of Innovation & Technology. “We will continue to make more data available to the public and enhance tools that make that data usable, and in doing so, put the power of data into the hands of Chicago's communities.”
OpenGrid is made possible by the support of Bloomberg Philanthropies' Mayors Challenge, an ideas competition that encourages cities to generate innovative ideas that solve major challenges and improve city life – and that have the potential to spread to other cities. According to James Anderson, head of Government Innovation at Bloomberg Philanthropies, “One of the biggest challenges cities face with opening up data is making it usable, accessible, and relevant in the lives of their citizens. OpenGrid represents an exciting step forward for Chicago and the field – very much embodying the type of innovation we hope emerges from the Mayors Challenge.” As an open source project, OpenGrid code and documentation is available to other cities, allowing them to replicate with their own data.
OpenGrid is hosted by the Smart Chicago Collaborative, an organization housed at the Chicago Community Trust dedicated to making technology available to all Chicago communities. The website and app are available today at opengrid.io.
This article is non-canon within the Star Wars Legends continuity. This article covers a Star Wars Legends subject that was published under the Infinities label or that Lucasfilm otherwise declared non-canon within the Legends continuity.
Skippy the Jedi Droid is an eight-page comic story featured in Star Wars Tales #1, written by Peter David. It takes place shortly before and during Episode IV, and features R5-D4 as "Skippy".
Contents show]
Plot summary Edit
Obi-Wan Kenobi leaves a cantina, sensing the Force in someone. But no matter how hard they looked, they aren't able to find anyone, despite their great ability in the Force. Suddenly, unbeknownst to Obi-Wan, an astromech droid serving drinks at Jabba's Palace is bumped into by Boba Fett, spilling one of the drinks from their tray. But before it can hit the ground, the droid, named R5-D4, is able to reach out with their mind and turn the drink back in its upright position and serve it to Jabba the Hutt; thankfully nobody had noticed what had just happened, as it had gone by so fast.
One day, R5 removed their restraining bolt with the Force, and Force persuaded the Gamorrean guards to let them leave. Skippy wandered the desert for days in search of their destiny, until finally they were picked up by a Jawa sandcrawler. There they had visions of Darth Vader and Princess Leia, and met R2-D2 and C-3PO. Eventually the Sandcrawler stopped, took all the droids out, and lined them up side by side in front of Owen Lars and Luke Skywalker. Skippy immediately sensed the Force in Luke, and persuaded Owen to choose him. Skippy was ecstatic at the undoubtable destiny that lay before them and Luke.
However, R5 soon envisioned that, without Luke, stormtroopers would come and take R2 back to Vader, where they would be destroyed and Leia would be killed, leading to a chain reaction of horror that will include the Rebellion being destroyed, R5's memory being wiped after 3PO refuses to translate their 'rubbish', and Luke dying on Tatooine without ever fulfilling their destiny. R5 knew what they had to do, and suddenly set off a mild explosion inside himself, leading Luke to believe that they had a busted motivator. Skippy then used the Force on 3PO, telling Luke to buy R2 instead. Owen did so, leaving R5 to be destroyed by a stray stormtrooper blast during the later raid, with nobody ever knowing the great deed that R5 had just done.
Appearances Edit
Behind the scenes Edit
In the in-universe article Droids, Technology and the Force: A Clash of Phenomena, the legend of Skippy the Jedi Droid is mentioned. This means that while this Tales story is not wholly canon, the legend of Skippy does exist.
Skippy also appears as a mascot for teaching Padawans, much like a cartoon character would impart important life lessons, in the also non-canonical story Tag & Bink: Revenge of the Clone Menace.
Droids bearing resemblance to Tom Servo and Crow T. Robot of Mystery Science Theater 3000 and Bender of Futurama make appearances among the droids who make fun of Skippy. (If their appearance in the fan film TROOPS, and Star Wars: Chewbacca are counted, this is Tom Servo's third Star Wars appearance; they both also re-appear, with Skippy, in Tag & Bink: Revenge of the Clone Menace) The Robinsons' robot from the series Lost in Space also makes an appearance later on (he previously appeared in Zorba the Hutt's Revenge).
A tribute to Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer is given when the narration states, "All of the other droids used to laugh and call them names. They never let poor Skippy join in any droid-type games."
Skippy also used the phrase "I'm not the droid you're looking for," a tribute to Obi-Wan Kenobi's line in ANH.
Mistakes Edit
Skippy the Jedi Droid. Wookieepedia has 3 images related to
In one scene it shows an IG-series droid with different hands.
Tusken Raiders are referred to as the sand people from Tusken, but Tusken Raiders are really named after Fort Tusken which they invaded, not for their point of origin.
City prosecutors dropped attempted-murder charges this week against a 27-year-old East Baltimore man, who also had previous charges related to a raid on a violence intervention program's office dropped last year.
Barak Olds was charged in May 2016 with the shooting that month of a 42-year-old man in the 1800 block of Caroline St. Police had said the victim was working on their vehicle when they were approached by a male gunman, who began shooting.
The State's Attorney's Office said in a statement that a witness was uncooperative and refused to testify, and without the testimony a prosecutor could not proceed with the charges.
"Unfortunately, as prosecutors, we must rely on victims and witnesses to come forward and testify against defendants in order to secure convictions for the residents of Baltimore City," the statement read.
Olds' public defender said they were only told that prosecutors were not moving forward, and they declined further comment.
Olds' arrest in the shooting occurred two months after all charges had been dropped against him, as well as eight others in a case that led to the temporary suspension of the East Baltimore offices of the Safe Streets anti-violence program.
In that case, police said a robbery investigation led them to the East Monument Street office, where officers found guns, heroin, cocaine and other items used in the manufacture and sale of drugs. The discovery led to the arrest of two Safe Streets workers.
Olds had been charged with the initial robbery, after police said the victim identified them and a second man as the men who robbed him.
Prosecutors said last year that in the robbery case they had received "exculpatory information that called into question to identify of the defendants," and dropped all charges.
Olds spent 17 of the past 19 months in jail on the two charges that are now dropped.
jfenton@baltsun.com
Stephen Colbert is one of many commentators with suggestions for fixing the GOP's “women problem.”
One might disagree about the causes or consequences, but a lot of people seem to be certain that the Republican Party has a Woman Problem. Women are more likely to be Democrats than Republicans, and they more often cast their votes for Democratic candidates. And Republican officeholders display a particular (although hardly exclusive) talent for gender–related snafus with electoral consequences.
What is the Republican Party to do? Both practitioners and political scientists suggest one potential solution: Get more Republican women on the ballot and into elected office. On average, Republican women are perceived as more moderate than Republican men and might therefore appeal more to independent and Democratic voters in general elections. Women in office from both parties are more likely than their male counterparts to sponsor and pursue legislation with particular relevance to women, and one might hope (though some counter-evidence exists) that female candidates would less frequently commit gender-related gaffes. If the solution is this simple, why aren't more Republican women running for and holding office? Why do women compose only 8 percent of the Republican House caucus, compared to 29 percent of the Democratic caucus (a gap that holds in other offices as well)? Our research explores one explanation for this party gap in women's representation — by using a new method to examine the supply of female candidates for each party.
Who runs for Congress? Not your average Jo(sephina). New representatives are typically middle-aged, highly educated, strong partisans, working in high status occupations. However, determining how many men and women with these profiles are present in each party is complicated. Even large surveys like the General Social Survey contain too few individuals with these characteristics to draw conclusions about their presence in the broader population. So, we devised a somewhat unusual use of (nonparametric) regression, modeling the probability of being female as a function of the characteristics mentioned above. This enabled us to look at the proportion of women among those with most of these likely candidate characteristics and make small extrapolations to the proportion of women in the population with all of these desired characteristics. For more details on this methodology, please see our published paper in the new open-access journal Research & Politics and for even more details see the online appendix.
Our analysis demonstrated a few things about the supply of female candidates for the Democratic and Republican parties, which are highlighted in these figures. The figure on the left displays our estimates for the percent women in the pool of likely candidates — middle-aged, strong partisans, with high levels of education and occupational prestige — in each party. The figure on the right displays the actual trend in the percentage of women among newly elected U.S. House representatives over time. There are three big points to take away from these figures.
First, the supply of women with likely candidate characteristics differs by party. While the parties had a similar and small proportion of women in their candidate pools at the beginning of the period we examine, by 2012 there were many more women in the Democrats' pool (56 percent) than the Republicans' pool (26 percent). Now, in terms of sheer numbers of individuals, there is ample supply of qualified women candidates in the United States to fill all of the congressional ballot spots in both parties many times over. However, the larger proportion of women in the Democratic candidate pool relative to the Republican candidate pool means that if the parties pay no special attention to candidates' sex, the Democrats will end up selecting more women. Parties and primary electorates care about many attributes of candidates other than gender, so the percentage of women among selected candidates is likely to continue to reflect the percentage of women among Democrats and Republicans with these other attributes, resulting in significant gaps in women's candidacies by party.
Second, this gap is unlikely to change in the near future. By looking at highly educated, professional, strong partisans in our data who are younger than typical candidates, we can project the likely pool of candidates a little bit into the future. While uncertainty is always greater when trying to predict the future, our model suggests the gap in the percentage of women in each party's pool of candidates in upcoming elections is likely to remain at least as large as it is today.
Finally, the supply of women isn't the only reason for women's lower representation in elected offices. There is another big gap revealed in these graphs — between the supply of women candidates on the left and the actual percentage of women elected to office on the right. For example, although we estimate a 56 percent female Democratic pool and 26 percent female Republican pool in 2012, women composed only 31 percent of new Democratic representatives and 9 percent of new Republican representatives that year. So, it's not just the Republicans who have a woman problem — in fact, both parties are electing far fewer female candidates than we would expect, at least given our definition of likely candidate characteristics.
One possible explanation is that we are estimating too broad a definition of the characteristics that potential candidates hold, and women are rarer in the pool of candidates defined by a more stringent set of characteristics. Other research helps identify some other explanations for this difference, including gender gaps in recruitment, political ambition or perhaps even voter biases. But whatever the explanation, it's clear both parties have some work to do if they want their caucuses to look more like the populations they represent.
* Melody Crowder-Meyer is an assistant professor of politics at Sewanee: The University of the South. Benjamin Lauderdale is an associate professor in the Department of Methodology at the London School of Economics and Political Science.
Prediction: "You'll be able to carry the wallet PC in your pocket or purse. It will display messages and schedules and also let you read or send electronic mail and faxes, monitor weather and stock reports, play both simple and sophisticated games, browse information if you're bored, or choose from among thousands of easy-to-call up photos of your kids."
Verdict: Hit. Gates's wallet PC is more or less today's mobile smartphone with voice capability added.
Wireless Networks
Prediction: "The wireless networks of the future will be faster, but unless there is a major breakthrough, wired networks will have a far greater bandwidth. Mobile devices will be able to send and receive messages, but it will be expensive and unusual to use them to receive an individual video stream."
Verdict: Miss. Today, receiving a wireless video stream is neither expensive nor unusual; in fact, it's so commonplace that most people don't give it a second thought. Gates failed to anticipate that wireless would become cheaper and faster, but their chief mistake was a common but flawed assumption among techno-futurists: that new technology is adopted chiefly on the basis of technological superiority rather than social factors. Even though most wired networks still have greater bandwidth than wireless nets, that's trumped by the tremendous social utility of wireless, allowing information to be accessed anytime, anyplace.
Social Networking
Prediction: "The (information) highway will not only make it easier to keep up with distant friends, it will also enable us to find new companions. Friendships formed across the network will lead naturally to getting together in person."
Verdict: Hit and Miss. One of the killer apps of the information highway has turned out to be social networking. Facebook has more than 400 million registered users worldwide and countless other social networks are creating new connections among people. But friendships formed online don't regularly lead to face-to-face meetings. Far more common is the user with 250 Facebook friends, most of whom they rarely, if ever, sees in person.
Online Shopping
Prediction: "Because the information highway will carry video, you'll often be able to see exactly what you've ordered. ... you won't have to wonder whether the flowers you ordered for your mother by telephone were really as stunning as you'd hoped. You'll be able to watch the florist arrange the bouquet, change your mind if you want, and replace wilting roses with fresh anemones."
Verdict: Miss. Gates was right that the information highway would carry video, but they completely misread the social and economic factors that would shape its use in online commerce. How on earth would a harried florist find the time to hold a videoconference with every customer who orders flowers for Mother's Day? What company would absorb the colossal expense of having orders changed at the last second according to customers' shifting whims? Gates's vision of online shopping has turned out to be a lot like past predictions about personal jet packs and moving sidewalks: a future that's technologically possible but socially and economically impractical.
MARSEILLE, France — A man with a knife attacked people at the main train station in the southeastern French city of Marseille on Sunday, killing two women before soldiers fatally shot the assailant, officials said.
French police warned people to avoid Saint Charles train station, tweeting that an operation was underway. Soldiers and police took up positions outside the station, which was evacuated.
Three police officials said one woman was stabbed to death. Two of the officials said the other woman's throat was slit. The assailant was shot dead by soldiers who were patrolling the station. The officials were speaking on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the operation.
Paris prosecutor's office said that a counter-terrorism investigation has been opened. No further details were immediately given, including the motive for the attack.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb tweeted that they would travel to the scene.
About 7,000 French soldiers patrol major tourist sites, places of worship, train stations and airports across France. The so-called Sentinelle Operation has been in place since deadly extremist attacks in France in 2015.
Earlier this month, four American college students were attacked with acid at the same train station in Marseille. At the time, French authorities said the assailant was suffering from a mental illness and it was not investigated as a terror attack.
SINGAPORE - After a chance meeting in Singapore, Japanese business person Seiichiro Isoda nursed a crush for a Singapore girl for 40 years.
On Sunday (Oct 16), they finally reunited with the girl of their dreams - Ms Yvonne Chua, now 58.
When they were 15 years old, Mr Isoda, who is now married and heads a multinational company, had come to Singapore with their parents. The family stayed at the then Novotel Apollo Singapore, where Ms Chua worked.
After graduating from university, they came back to Singapore to work for six years, and tried to look for their teenage crush.
They had a photo with them but did not even know them name.
Now after 40 years, Mr Isoda, now 55 and married, approached Chinese evening daily Lianhe Wanbao two weeks ago, which published the photo and Mr Isoda's request to meet Ms Chua.
Mr Seiichiro Isoda (left) and Ms Yvonne Chua pose for a photograph on Oct 16, 2016. The picture in the foreground shows Mr Seiichiro Isoda and Ms Yvonne in 1976.
Ms Chua's family persuaded them to respond, and their daughter, Wong Xin Pei, 25, responded to Wanbao's article.
Seven members of Ms Chua's family, including their husband turned up to meet Mr Isoda on Oct 16.
They met at the same hotel, now named the Furama RiverFront Hotel.
Mr Isoda recognised Ms Chua immediately and they spent two hours telling each other about their lives, Wanbao said.
"I was very surprised, I've changed so much but they could tell it was me," Ms Chua, now the CEO of a logistics firm, told Wanbao.
They still remember Mr Isoda, they said, as it was their first job and they were the only guest at the hotel to ask to take a photo with them
Mr Isoda said that friends advised them to let the crush remain a beautiful memory, but they could not let it go.
"I have too much I wanted to know, and to tell her," they said.
Ms Chua's daughter told Wanbao that they knew their mother was beautiful when they were young, but never guessed that someone would hold a torch for them for 40 years.
"Mum told us how they had many suitors in the past, but we thought they were just stories," Ms Wong said.
Ms Chua now has two daughters, a son and three grandchildren.
Australia could soon have its first female Defence Department boss, meaning women would dominate the senior reaches of the defence and foreign affairs portfolios as never before.
Fairfax Media understands that Kathryn Campbell, the head of the Department of Human Services and a brigadier in the Army Reserve, is a hot prospect to replace current Defence boss Dennis Richardson.
Outgoing Deputy Commander Joint Task Force 633 Brigadier Kathryn Campbell, CSC, left, with incoming Deputy Commander Joint Task Force 633 Brigadier Neil Sweeney at the Taji Military Complex in Iraq. Credit:LSIS Jake Badior
There is a strong view in Canberra that it is time for a female Defence Department head, sources have said. If appointed, they would join Defence Minister Marise Payne, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and Department of Foreign Affairs Secretary Frances Adamson.
Ms Campbell sits alongside outgoing senior Defence official Peter Baxter, who led the development of this year's White Paper, and Australian Strategic Policy Institute chief Peter Jennings, as one of the top names on the list.
Freedom Song” was performed early November at the JCC MetroWest in West Orange and at Temple Emanu-El of Westfield. “The musical is written and acted by recovering addicts who found their recovery at Beit T'Shuvah, the first, and until recently the only, Jewish faith-based residential recovery facility in the United States, located in Los Angeles, Calif.
Make no mistake about it: Addiction is an issue for our Jewish community. We are losing young adults at the cusp of their lives, and we are losing more people at every stage of life because addiction is a creeping and hidden disease that we want to pretend doesn't affect Jews. But it does, and “Freedom Song” brings that issue to light in a powerful, personal, and accessible way.
Armed with the commitment to make this show happen, three Jewish women embarked on a journey to bring “Freedom Song” to our local community. The group included myself, Eta Levenson, and Joyce Litchman. We each have experienced loss in different ways related to addiction or mental health challenges, and recognized that the issue is often shrouded in shame and denial. We needed to bring it front and center. Addiction and mental health challenges are weighty and important subjects that must be addressed, not avoided.
So we pounded the pavement. I have been a lay leader in the Jewish Federation of Greater MetroWest NJ for the last 17 years. Because of the relationships that I built in that time, I was able to meet with and talk to a variety of people. Many declined to assist in bringing the show to Greater MetroWest. They couldn't or wouldn't help for a variety of reasons — some institutional, some political, some financial, and some for scheduling reasons. These were difficult “no's” to take. But I have learned that if you want to make change in the world, you have to lean in to your discomfort, your failures, and your obstacles. This is also the path toward recovery. Ultimately, my relationships led me to those who would, and did, say “yes.”
Get New Jersey Jewish News's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Eleven synagogues, four agencies, one foundation, and several individual donors across the Greater MetroWest community proudly agreed to help fund and support the performances. We raised enough money for two shows.
And then the magic happened.
More than 200 people attended the remarkable shows. Each performance elicited tears, recognition, “aha” moments, and demand for more attention to this very serious issue. During the Q&A sessions that followed each performance, audience members stood up, shared their personal connections to this issue, and pleaded with us to do more. Some asked why they hadn't heard about the performance sooner. Where was the publicity? Why don't we know where to find this uniquely Jewish path toward recovery through Beit T'Shuvah? The answer is that sometimes you don't know there is a problem until it is too late.
We want to ensure that it will not be too late for more people in our community. Based on the incredible response, we are strategizing with Rebecca Wanatick, community inclusion manager at Greater MetroWest ABLE, on how to build more support and initiatives to address the problem of addiction.
We hope to build a consortium of partners with different skills within the Jewish community, as well as a network to bring “Freedom Song” back next year, with a louder voice and presence so that more people can be affected by this incredible and honest performance.
If you know someone who needs support, if you are someone who can give support, and if you are a Jewish leader, educator, or clergy member who wants to learn how to aid people struggling with these issues, please reach out to us. Don't sit on the sidelines. Now we know there is a problem. Now is the time to do the right thing.
Contact info: Lisa Lisser, lisazlisser@gmail.com; Eta Levenson, jeserichad@gmail.com; Joyce Litchman, jlitchman6@gmail.com; Rebecca Wanatick, Rwanatick@jfedgmw.org or 973-929-3129.
Despite being so notoriously difficult to get right, predictions are part of the pundit's stock-in-trade. So once you've got some grains of salt ready to toss into the mix, please indulge me for a moment as I make one of my own.
Here it goes: Twenty years from now, assuming climate change has not yet ended the world as we know it, most American liberals won't think of this fall as the time when Republicans finally retook control of the U.S. Senate. And they won't think of it as the brief pause that separated the era of Barack Obama from that of Hillary Clinton. Instead, when the liberals of our near future look back on the current moment, they'll remember it as the hour when the Democratic Party began to move decisively to the left, thanks in no small part to the continued ascendance of Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
Advertisement:
Pessimist that I am, I'll readily grant that this is very optimistic. In fits and starts, the party's been moving leftward for a number of years now, and I've little doubt that the midterm blowout will be cited by some as proof that Democrats must become even more centrist. Yet unlike the talk surrounding a historically ignored election, which will dissipate quickly (especially if I'm right about the return of government-by-crisis), the opportunity raised by the Democratic Party's recent decision to make Warren part of its Senate leadership has the potential to be far more enduring. But only if liberal activists know what to do with it.
At this point, it's not entirely clear what the folks nominally in charge of this infamously disorganized party are trying to do by elevating Warren. Because the former Harvard Law professor has been prominent in liberal circles since the launch of their brainchild, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, it can be easy to forget that she's only been in Congress for a couple of years. And coming as it does after a truly disastrous midterm showing, this seeming vote of confidence from Democratic bigwigs has the risk of being a “glass cliff” situation. My former colleague Brian Beutler, for example, has guessed that Senate Dem leadership may have opted to bring Warren into the fold because they'll need a popular spokesperson to deliver the next two years' worth of bad news to the “professional left.”
Still, even if Warren's promotion isn't motivated entirely or primarily by idealism and generosity, it could nevertheless be a major turning point for activists looking to push the Democratic Party in a more left-wing direction. After many years of kvetching about their paltry influence — and following decade after decade of enviously watching the conservative movement refashion the GOP in its own image — lefty ideologues and organizers now have the chance to turn Warren into a kind of trojan horse for a resurgent politics of economic populism (or, as it used to be called, liberalism). And if they adapt and adhere to the script used many years ago by visionary right-wingers, who famously responded to an electoral drubbing in 1964 by staying the course and propelling a true believer to the White House less than 20 years later, it just might work.
It's not a perfect analogy, I admit. There are fundamental, irresolvable differences between liberals and conservatives, and they extend well beyond ideology and into the realms of psychology and sociology. (Liberals are less hierarchically minded, more demographically diverse.) Further, in spite of all the mythology about conservative movement turning the GOP into the “party of ideas,” the fact is that the men (and women, but mostly men) who transformed the party of Lincoln into the chief vehicle of the Reagan Revolution spent much more time talking about and organizing around what they were against — taxes, the welfare state, the civil rights movement, feminism, LGBT equality, the separation of church and state, etc. — than what they were for. And while there are certainly some recent Supreme Court decisions they'd like to see reversed, a politics centered around a return to the glorious past is, for liberals, not really an option.
But notwithstanding all of that, I still think the conservative example offers activist liberals unhappy with the Obama record --which is most of them -- some valuable lessons.
For one, if left-wing troublemakers want to make Sen. Warren a Goldwater of their own, they'll have to ignore the 2016 presidential race as much as possible. That doesn't simply mean giving up on the lost cause of forcing Wall Street favorite Hillary Clinton to reinvent themselves as a true progressive. And it certainly doesn't mean wasting resources on a quixotic primary challenge, which in the present circumstances will do little more than help Clinton get back in the swing of triangulation. Instead, it means building institutional support from the bottom up by creating funding networks and community spaces outside of the Democratic Party's reach, so lefties can feel personally invested in their cause without having D.C. grandees step in and tell them to be “serious.” That's what right-wing activists did through churches, think tanks and mailing lists; and the often successful Internet-based organizing from people at Daily Kos and the Blue America PAC has already offered a hint of how those on the left can do it again.
Advertisement:
For another, the conservative precedent suggests that even if policy is overrated when it comes to deciding the outcome of elections, it's extremely important to be in control of the policymaking apparatus for the time that comes next. Our political culture may pay an inordinate amount of lip service to the idea that policy is a translated version of the people's will, but the reality is that most partisans and politicians choose their policy views by following where their party leads them, not the other way around. Conservative dominance over the grants, scholarships and think tanks that comprised the GOP's policymaking infrastructure was integral to the dramatic lurch to the right the party platform experienced between 1960 and 1976 (before Reagan's coronation, you'll note). And as the Tea Party's recent takeover of influential right-wing policy shops like Cato and Heritage shows, the value of this approach has not over time been diminished. As Grover Norquist, one of the leading right-wing activists of their generation, noted in 2012, controlling the GOP policymaking machine made it so all conservatives needed in a Republican president was the ability to use a pen.
Last but not least, the success of right-wing activists from the past and present indicates that there can be long-term benefits in a short-term stint as the minority. To be clear, it'd be taking things too far to say that it's a good thing Democrats now only control the White House. As the last four years have taught us, the powers of the imperial presidency don't seem to extend very far into the realm of the domestic (at least not yet). So having a majority in Congress is vital, still. At the same time, there's value, to a degree, in having a party with ideological coherence — increasingly so, I'd argue, in an era of institutional failure and partisan polarization. Most of the Democrats dissolved in the red tides of '10 and '14 were “blue dog” conservatives, and while their absence has stripped Democrats of control over Congress, it's offered lefties within their ranks the chance to redecorate, as it were, now that the majority times have ended.
Perhaps more than anything else, though, what lefty activists should learn from their right-wing counterparts is this: In a dysfunctional two-party system such as ours, in which voters are perpetually unhappy and ready for any excuse to throw the bums out and start all over, it's only a matter of time until the losers of yesterday are once again ascendant. And as the GOP has shown in the years since its back-to-back wipeouts in '06 and '08, responding to electoral defeat by moderating is no longer necessary, while moving further away from the center is no longer a death sentence. Now that they have a political superstar and ideological true believer as their behind-the-scenes agent, lefty activists with an eye on the long term have a chance to, in the words of Warren, “frame the issues for the next few elections” and ultimately make the Democratic Party truly progressive.
Paul Feyerabend was the enfant terrible of 1960s philosophy of science. Their most famous book, Against Method argued that science is a quintessentially pragmatic enterprise, with scientists simply using or discarding what does and does not work, meaning that there is no such thing as the scientific method. It's not for nothing that they were referred to as a methodological anarchist. (Incidentally, the new edition of the book, with introduction by Ian Hacking, is definitely worth the effort.)
Throughout their career as an iconoclast they managed to piss off countless philosophers and scientists, for example by once cheering creationists in California for their bid to get “creation science” taught in schools. That, Feyerabend thought, would teach a lesson to self-conceited scientists and keepers of order and rationality. But they aren't stupid, immediately adding that the creationists themselves would then surely become just as dogmatic and self-conceited as the scientific establishment itself. Their hope was for a balance of forces, a 1960s version of John Stuart Mill's famous concept of the free market of ideas, where the best ones always win, in the long run. (If only.)
When I was a young scientist I wasn't too fond of Feyerabend, to put it mildly. And even as an early student of philosophy of science, I felt much more comfortable with the likes of Popper or even Kuhn (despite the famous intellectual rivalry between the two) than with the very idea of methodological anarchism. But while some people turn more conservative when they age, I guess I've become — to my surprise — more of an anarchist, and I have slowly, though not quite completely, re-evaluated Feyerabend.
The latest opportunity for doing so was an offer by the editor of the journal Social Epistemology to join their Review & Reply Collective and initiate a back-and-forth exchange with author Ian Kidd, who has published a paper for the journal entitled “Why Did Feyerabend Defend Astrology? Integrity, Virtue, and the Authority of Science.”
Of all things, one would think that astrology is, in fact, indefensible. (Should you have any doubt, I warmly encourage you to read this and follow up on several of the links therein.) And in fact, Kidd, argues, Feyerabend was perfectly aware that astrology is indefensible. Why then go on to write a panegyric about it?
Because Feyerabend was disturbed by what they saw as a dogmatic “manifesto” against astrology, put out by Paul Kurtz (the founder, among other things, of what was once known as the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, or CSICOP) and co-signed — seemingly mindlessly — by a number of scientists who lent their credibility to it.
You can find the manifesto here (ironically, at astrologer.com!), together with a critical response by both Feyerabend and astronomer Carl Sagan. Surprising to find Sagan there, isn't it?
This is, in part, what the Manifesto says:
“Scientists in a variety of fields have become concerned about the increased acceptance of astrology in many parts of the world. We, the undersigned — astronomers, astrophysicists, and scientists in other fields — wish to caution the public against the unquestioning acceptance of the predictions and advice given privately and publicly by astrologers. … In ancient times people believed in the predictions and advice of astrologers because astrology was part and parcel of their magical world view. They looked upon celestial objects as abodes or omens of the gods and, thus, intimately connected with events here on earth; they had no concept of the vast distances from the earth to the planets and stars. Now that these distances can and have been calculated, we can see how infinitesimally small are the gravitational and other effects produced by the distant planets and the far more distant stars. … Why do people believe in astrology? In these uncertain times many long for the comfort of having guidance in making decisions. They would like to believe in a destiny predetermined by astral forces beyond their control. However, we must all face the world, and we must realize that our futures lie in ourselves, and not in the stars. … [The dissemination of astrology in the media] can only contribute to the growth of irrationalism and obscurantism. We believe that the time has come to challenge directly, and forcefully, the pretentious claims of astrological charlatans.”
Now, here is how Sagan explained, in part, their dissent:
“I struggled with [the manifesto's] wording, and in the end found myself unable to sign, not because I thought astrology has any validity whatever, but because I felt (and still feel) that the tone of the statement was authoritarian. It criticized astrology for having origins shrouded in superstition. But this is true as well for religion, chemistry, medicine and astronomy, to mention only four. The issue is not what faltering and rudimentary knowledge astrology came from, but what is its present validity. Then there was speculation on the psychological motivations of those who believe in astrology. These motivations — for example, the feeling of powerlessness in a complex, troublesome and unpredictable world — might explain why astrology is not generally given the sceptical scrutiny it deserves, but is quite peripheral to whether it works. The statement stressed that we can think of no mechanism by which astrology could work. This is certainly a relevant point but by itself it's unconvincing. No mechanism was known for continental drift (now subsumed in plate tectonics) when it was proposed by Alfred Wegener in the first quarter of the twentieth century to explain a range of puzzling data in geology and palaeontology.”
And this is Feyerabend's take, again, in part:
“In 1484 the Roman Catholic Church published the Malleus Maleficarum, the outstanding textbook on witchcraft. The Malleus is a very interesting book. It has four parts: phenomena, aetiology, legal aspects, theological aspects of witchcraft. … Comparing the Malleus with accounts of contemporary knowledge the reader can easily verify that the Pope and their learned authors knew what they were talking about. This cannot be said of the scientists. They neither know the subject they attack, astrology, nor those parts of their own science that undermine their attack. … [The Manifesto] shows the extent to which scientists are prepared to assert their authority even in areas in which they have no knowledge whatsoever.”
So, both Sagan and Feyerabend were attacking Kurtz and their 186 not because they were wrong in criticizing astrology, but rather because they didn't actually criticize it, resorting instead to a medley of ad hominem and irrelevant arguments because they knew they were right. That's the definition of dogmatism, which, in theory at the least, is not a scientific virtue.
And it is in terms of the concept of virtue that Kidd defens Feyerabend's defense of astrology, as I'll explain in the next post, out tomorrow.
Advertisements
I try to avoid discussing just any big name who becomes available as a possibility to come to the Jets, but a new possibility opened up yesterday. The Chiefs cut tackle Jared Gaither.
Why is this significant? Gaither spent the first four years of their career playing in Baltimore. Rex Ryan was on the coaching staff the first two. Gaither is a tackle. They started for the Ravens in 2008 and 2009. How good was their pass protection? When you cruch Pro Football Focus' numbers on disruptions (sacks, hits, and pressures), Gaither in those years blew an assignment resulting in one on 3.8% of plays on which they were a pass blocker. Remember how great D'Brickashaw Ferguson was in pass protection in 2010? Last year Brick allowed a disruption on 4.3%.
Gaither was nimble enough to play left tackle and thrive there in Baltimore.  They are also an enormous guy, listed at 6'9" and 340 pounds. Sometimes linemen this big struggle to gain leverage because opponents can get underneath their center of gravity, but Gaither was a productive run blocker with the Ravens, a part of their productive rushing attack.
There are issues with Gaither. That is why they are available. Most notably is a back injury that kept them out the entire 2010 season. That back is supporting a big frame in a physical game. It would be something to watch. They also could not crack Kansas City's starting lineup and was cut halfway through the year. Some Chiefs fans say they did not mesh with the coaching staff there.
One key number on Gaither, though, is 25.  They are only 25 years old. In theory, they could bring stability to the right tackle position for a long time. Wayne Hunter is certainly not a long term answer.  They are a backup pressed into duty because of Vladimir Ducasse's stunning lack of development. We have seen raw flashes of potential from Ducasse in the run game. At this point, it might be best to try and nurture them as the future right guard and hone their run blocking skills without the responsibility of protecting the edge, an area they seem to be years away from mastering.
Gaither might not be an answer. There might be issues with their back or something else we do not know about. I will not be disappointed if the Jets do not sign him. They might be a hot commodity since almost everybody wants offensive line help. I will, however, be disappointed if we do not hear the Jets at least are exploring the possibility. I want the team to send a message that it is always looking to improve problem areas. Everybody on the roster should know that their job is not guaranteed.
What do you think?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption RAF Lancaster bomber: The massive Augsburg bomb has been identified as British
The authorities in Augsburg, southern Germany, plan to evacuate 54,000 people from the city centre on Christmas Day because of a World War Two bombs.
The 1.8-tonne British bomb was found during construction work. Defusing it is expected to take most of the day.
It will be Germany's biggest post-war evacuation for an unexploded bomb, Spiegel news reports. In 2011, 45,000 residents of Koblenz were evacuated.
On Sunday there will be little traffic, making the Augsburg job easier.
The evacuation will start at 08:00 local time (07:00 GMT) and could continue into the night, the local news website Augsburger Allgemeine says.
The operation will affect 32,000 households living within a 1.5km (0.9 mile) radius of the bomb site. Schools, sports halls and an exhibition centre will accommodate the evacuees.
Augsburg is about 80km (50 miles) north-west of Munich. It was heavily bombed during the war.
From 1942 to 1945, the Royal Air Force and US bombers carried out massive raids on German cities, often round-the-clock, designed to sap the strength of the Nazi war machine.
There have been highs (a pair of triple-doubles) and lows (that awful shooting percentage) during Lonzo Ball's first month in the NBA. (0:49)
Is Los Angeles Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball the player who shot 1-of-9 from the field in a loss to the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday, missing all six of their 3-point attempts, or the player who had a triple-double (11 points, 16 rebounds, 11 assists) four nights later in a blowout win over the Denver Nuggets?
The answer is both, of course, and while Ball's inconsistency is hardly unusual for a 20-year-old rookie point guard, the all-or-nothing nature of their present skill set makes them an atypically challenging player to evaluate. Is Ball's strengths currently outweighing their weaknesses? Let's take a look.
The bad: Historic inefficiency
Unfortunately for Ball, there have been too many bad shooting nights so far this season. He's making just 31.3 percent of their shot attempts, and while that doesn't account for the fact that more than two-fifths of Ball's shots have come from beyond the arc, their 35.9 percent effective field goal percentage (counting 3s as 1.5 field goals to account for their additional value) remains dreadful.
Because Ball is attempting just 1.5 free throws per game and has made them at a 46.2 percent clip -- perhaps even more concerning from a long-term perspective than their 22.8 percent 3-point shooting -- their true shooting percentage (.368) isn't much better. No player who has seen more than 250 minutes of action this season has been as inefficient as Ball, whose true shooting percentage is actually slightly worse than what No. 1 overall pick Markelle Fultz posted (.372) in four games before being shut down with soreness in their right shoulder.
Naturally, comparing Ball's scoring efficiency with entire seasons is unfair, because they will likely improve as their numbers regress to the mean. Still, doing so helps us understand the negative impact of Ball's poor shooting thus far.
Few players have scored so inefficiently over a full season: Just 12 players since the advent of the 3-point line in 1979-80 have posted a true shooting percentage worse than Ball's .368 mark in at least 500 minutes.
Least efficient scorers Player Season Team Minutes TS% WARP Ryan Bowen 2005-06 HOU 661 .338 -2.0 Kenny Satterfield 2002-03 PHI 503 .340 -1.6 Michael Ruffin 2003-04 UTA 733 .344 -1.1 Joe Wolf 1997-98 DEN 621 .347 -2.0 Jerome Kersey 1998-99 SAS 699 .352 -2.4 Johnny High 1983-84 PHX 512 .355 -1.0 DeSagana Diop 2002-03 CLE 944 .356 -1.5 Anthony Carter 2001-02 MIA 1050 .359 -1.0 Speedy Claxton 2006-07 ATL 1052 .363 -1.8 Jim Jackson 2005-06 LAL 512 .365 -1.5 Earl Watson 2012-13 UTA 829 .366 -1.3 Antonio Burks 2005-06 MEM 573 .367 -2.0 Since 1979-80; minimum 500 minutes
Naturally, none of these players have rated better than replacement level by my wins above replacement player (WARP) metric; in fact, none has even been within one WARP of replacement level. The least efficient player to rate better than replacement level in at least 500 minutes of action was New Jersey Nets center Chris Dudley in 1992-93, when they posted a .390 true shooting percentage yet was still rated worth 0.6 WARP, because of their strong rebounding (he grabbed 20 percent of all available rebounds while on the court) and shot blocking (the 4.6 percent of opponents' 2-point attempts that they blocked was solidly above average for a center).
Given that information, it's remarkable to note that Ball rates as worth 0.7 WARP thus far this season, more than Dudley in less than half as many minutes. So clearly, the other strengths Ball brings to the table are remarkable in their own right.
The good: Stuffing the box score
Triple-doubles aren't always a great measure of player value, and that's the case with the one Ball recorded against the Nuggets. Their 15.4 game score -- a John Hollinger metric designed to evaluate single-game performance -- was only third best among Lakers players in that game. (Ball's other triple-double against the Milwaukee Bucks, during which they scored 19 points on 7-of-12 shooting, rated much better, with a 25.2 game score.) Editor's Picks Breaking down NBA moves and injuries, including Millsap's wrist Kevin Pelton provides team-by-team analysis of transactions and injuries from November.
NBA draft rankings: Top 100 prospects Who are the best prospects in the 2018 NBA draft? You can find our updated top 100 rankings here throughout the season.
The Hoop Collective Cassidy Hubbarth, Chiney Ogwumike, Andrew Han and Ohm Youngmisuk talk about the Lakers, if the circus around Lonzo matches early LeBron, Jimmy Butler getting iced and more. 2 Related
At the same time, triple-doubles generally are a good indicator of a player's versatile contributions, and that's certainly the case with Ball. Their 8.8 assists per 100 plays are solidly better than the average point guard (7.6 assist rate), and just three point guards (Dejounte Murray, Russell Westbrook and Ben Simmons) have beaten the 11.0 percent of available rebounds Ball has grabbed. Beyond the triple-double stats, Ball is one of three guards among the 15 players in the league averaging at least 2.0 steals per 100 opponent plays and blocking at least 2.0 percent of opponent 2-point attempts. (Eric Bledsoe and Danny Green are the other guards in this group.)
Because of those box score contributions, and because the Lakers' defense ranks fourth in the league on a per-possession basis, WARP and similar box score metrics rate Ball as an excellent defender for a point guard. Amazingly, Ball ranks 10th defensively among all players with at least 250 minutes of action in Basketball-Reference.com's box plus-minus metric (BPM). (He's 29th in the defensive component of WARP.)
Those ratings almost certainly overstate the value of Ball's defensive contributions. The Lakers have been slightly better defensively with them on the bench, per NBA.com/Stats. That doesn't account for the teammates Ball plays with, but ESPN's real plus-minus (RPM) does, and despite using a box score-based value estimate (or "prior") similar to WARP and BPM, RPM rates Ball as about average defensively, relative to all players. (Ball does rate far better than the average point guard in defensive RPM.)
Ball's struggles typical of rookie point guards
Applying RPM's more conservative estimate of Ball's defense suggests they have played at or below replacement level during the season's first month. They rank 77th out of the 87 players listed as point guards in RPM. And yet Ball also is tops among the four freshmen point guards drafted in this year's lottery; Dennis Smith Jr. ranks 80th, Fultz 82nd and De'Aaron Fox last among point guards.
The takeaway is something I warned before the season: One-and-done point guards don't typically play very well as rookies. At that point, I thought Ball's well-rounded game could make them the exception, but their inability to carry over their above-average 3-point shooting at UCLA (41 percent) has made that impossible.
At some point, Ball will have to score more efficiently to be an effective NBA player. There's simply no precedent for a player missing so many shots and remaining valuable. Still, for now, Ball's versatile contributions are helping to cancel out their shortcomings as a shooter.
Government watchdog groups have filed a motion in federal court to compel the IRS to reveal how it determines when to initiate “church investigations” after accusing the tax-collecting agency of “stonewalling” efforts to bring to light its procedures.
The motion, filed jointly Friday by the Alliance Defending Freedom and Judicial Watch, came in response to a legal settlement struck in 2014 with an atheist organization, which said the IRS had “resolved the signature authority issue necessary to initiate church examinations.”
“The IRS also has adopted procedures for reviewing, evaluating and determining whether to initiate church investigations,” the Freedom From Religion Foundation said in a press release.
But nobody knows what those “procedures” are for conducting “church investigations,” the watchdog groups said.
“The IRS is not above the law, and Americans deserve to know the truth about the agency's secret deals with activists,” ADF Legal Counsel Christina Holcomb said in a press release. “The IRS has a legal obligation to explain why it is hiding things or else produce documents. Its ongoing refusal to follow the law is absurd, particularly since much of [what] we are asking for is information that the IRS has already provided voluntarily to Freedom From Religion Foundation.”
The IRS began producing documents in July, months after the ADF and Judicial Watch had sued the agency for failing to comply with Freedom of Information Act request. But even then the agency withheld more than 10,000 of the 16,000 requested documents, and thousands of the released documents were completely redacted, according to the ADF.
PHOTOS: Best states for concealed carry — ranked worst to first
“The Obama IRS first ignored the ADF FOIA request and is now stonewalling in federal court,” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said in a press release. “The public has a right to know about any new IRS guidelines for investigating the practice of our basic First Amendment freedoms.”
The IRS could not be reached for comment by press time.
In its 2014 lawsuit the atheist group demanded that the IRS enforce the Johnson Amendment, which prohibits tax-exempt organizations from making political endorsements for elected office. It authorizes the IRS to regulate sermons and other speech to ensure churches comply with the provisions of their designations.
Legal scholars have speculated that the tax-exempt status of churches and other religious groups may be vulnerable in light of the Supreme Court ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges, which struck down state laws banning same-sex marriage.
During oral arguments, Associate Justice Samuel Anthony Alito Jr. asked Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. whether religious entities that subscribe to the traditional view of marriage would be at risk of losing their tax-exempt status should the laws banning same-sex marriage be struck down.
“It's certainly going to be an issue,” Mr. Verrilli said. “I don't deny that.”
Given the IRS‘ alleged targeting of conservative and tea party groups, some members of Congress have expressed concern about the church investigation procedures.
A 2014 letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen signed by nine members of Congress asked the agency to provide a copy of the rules for investigating churches.
“Our country has a long history of religious leaders speaking freely on matters of public discourse,” the letter reads. “Whether it is Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. leading the charge against segregation, or preachers opposed to the Vietnam War, Americans expect their religious leaders to be able to speak freely to their flock without government oversight. The recent agreement by the IRS seems to impinge on these fundamental rights protected by the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom of religion, speech, and assembly.
“We are deeply troubled by these allegations and would like your assurance that these claims are false.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
QUICK NOTE: XFINITY.com is the place to be for all of your bug-eatin', back-stabbin', “Survivor” coverage. During the season we'll have insightful weekly Power Rankings with Aubry Bracco, exit interviews, and full episode recaps. Follow me on Twitter (@gordonholmes) for up-to-the-minute updates.
We want to believe that everyone who appears on “Survivor” is worthy of a story, but the fact is there are a lot of people and only 42 minutes of airtime. So, sometimes people end up on the ol' purple (Kelly) tribe.
JP would have been the challenge superstar of the purple tribe.
I spoke with the mystery man the afternoon after their elimination and asked them why they were targeted first, what happened to their potential power couple partner, and how their mother felt about their prime-time nudity…
Gordon Holmes: The Round Table explodes, you get hit with the shrapnel. Why do you think you were target instead of blindsiding Ryan and their idol?
JP Hilsabeck: Yeah, a big-time blindside. I think I was targeted because I'm a big physical threat. And you have to break the seven up and I was on the outside with Chrissy and Ryan. And you know, if you win a couple of immunity challenges, you can make it further in the game. They figured they'd get rid of me. A good play on their part.
Holmes: How in the loop were you with the Round Table? Did you know about Ryan's idol? Did you know about Lauren's extra vote?
Hilsabeck: I didn't know about the extra vote, but I was right there for Ryan's idol. When they were digging I was right there with him. We just played it off like nothing had happened.
Holmes: And you were there for Chrissy jumping on Cole's back and strangling them with their buff.
Hilsabeck: Yeah, Ryan had already gotten the idol before that. It was really funny to stand back and watch everybody wrestle.
Holmes: You and Ashley were close on the original Heroes tribe, but we didn't see much with you two after the merge. Had you drifted apart or were you trying to make sure people didn't think you were a couple?
Hilsabeck: After the merge, our relationship faded out a little bit just as far as we were on different tribes and different alliances had formed. We didn't really rekindle anything when we got to the merge.
Holmes: You got the ol' invisible edit as far as gameplay went. What did we miss?
Hilsabeck: Luckily I was able to get in with the seven. I wanted to break up the seven a little sooner than later, but it was the safe way to go. I went the safe route. If I could do it again I'd probably shake things up a little bit more. But in the heat of the moment, that's what I did and it was the wrong way to go.
Holmes: And you considered Chrissy and Ryan to be your closest allies?
Hilsabeck: Yes, at that point it was Chrissy and Ryan.
Holmes: Cole said that you had offered to throw a challenge if it meant they would win immunity.
Hilsabeck: That is accurate. We were the threats going into the challenges and if they were able to win immunity that'd be two votes for us. Maybe we could mix things up and go with the other guys. As you know, the game changes so fast.
Holmes: And Joe wanted me to ask you about how you would shy away from group strategy discussions and would have one-on-one meetings with people.
Hilsabeck: You get a better sense of people in one-on-one meetings. When you've got a big group it's more about deception. And you might open your mouth and say the wrong thing. It was easier to talk to individuals. Maybe it hurt me, I could've done two, three, or four people at a time.
Holmes: Cole also said you were concerned about being too deceptive because it might reflect poorly on your firehouse. How important was that to you?
Hilsabeck: It was. I have that t-shirt on and I not only represent myself but something bigger than myself. I represent the whole department. We're professionals and we do our jobs, we're not backstabbing people. I stand by it.
Holmes: If the theme had been something more along the lines of “Beauty vs Brains vs. Brawn” and your heroic career wasn't as much a part of your in-game identity, would you have been more deceptive or is that just not who you are?
Hilsabeck: I think that's not the kind of person I am. At the end of the day, you're there to play the game. But, if I was out there without the firefighter part, I probably would've went with it and tried to be more deceitful.
Holmes: Alright, word association time. Let's start with Alan.
Hilsabeck: Athletic, funny guy.
Holmes: Roark?
Hilsabeck: Funny and outgoing.
Holmes: Ryan?
Hilsabeck: Skinny little guy, you could see their heart pounding through their chest. I felt bad for the guy.
Holmes: Ben?
Hilsabeck: Jokester.
Holmes: Ali?
Hilsabeck: They wore their heart on their sleeve, great personality.
Holmes: Jessica?
Hilsabeck: I didn't get a chance to know Jessica very much. Nice…sweet…humble girl.
Holmes: Desi?
Hilsabeck: Super athletic, great looking, great person.
Holmes: Chrissy?
Hilsabeck: Super smart.
Holmes: Cole?
Hilsabeck: Stud.
Holmes: Joe?
Hilsabeck: Manipulating.
Holmes: Katrina?
Hilsabeck: Huh…I don't even know…I don't really have anything.
Holmes: Devon?
Hilsabeck: Super laid back.
Holmes: Lauren?
Hilsabeck: Hardworking.
Holmes: Let's finish off with Ashley.
Hilsabeck: Beach girl.
Holmes: Your trademark moment for this season might be the impromptu strip search. How did your family and friends react to that?
Hilsabeck: All my friends and co-workers thought it was hilarious. The only person who didn't think it was hilarious was my mother. They aren't too happy about that. But hey, it happened.
Any Questions? Drop me a line on Twitter: @gordonholmes
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
A network of individuals, independent and alternative media activists and organisations, offering grassroots, non-corporate, non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues.
Anarchist uprising in.... Winchester? This is the first edition of Bastard Monthly, a local paper for Winchester with gallows humour, expose's and a bit of class warfare for good measure.
Outside
Inside
In one of the supposed most affluent places in the country, the class divide can not be clearer. whilst alienated and cheated by the council, the shops and the local news, Bastard Monthly gives us something to laugh about! distributed throughout the estates and working class areas of Winchester (they do exist)In one of the supposed most affluent places in the country, the class divide can not be clearer. whilst alienated and cheated by the council, the shops and the local news, Bastard Monthly gives us something to laugh about! Winchester Class War
e-mail: Bastard-Monthly@hotmail.co.uk
Homepage: http://N/A
Buy me some peanuts and ... toasted grasshoppers?
Fans attending Seattle Mariners games at Safeco Field this season can do both.
The team, in partnership with its concessionaire, Centerplate, recently added a stand run by local Mexican restaurant Poquitos that will serve toasted grasshoppers tossed in chili lime salt.
The Mariners will sell toasted grasshoppers at the ballpark this season. Centerplate
A cup filled with grasshoppers sells for $4 in the area behind the outfield wall known as The Pen.
"They are a one-of-a-kind snack that the fans will really love -- either on a taco or on their own," said Steve Dominguez, Centerplate general manager at Safeco Field. "It's a testament to our relationship with the Mariners to be bold and creative with bringing in new local partners that really embody the Seattle culinary scene."
The Mariners aren't strangers to being ballpark food pioneers. They were the one of first teams to offer sushi, thanks in part to their Japanese ownership.
Grasshoppers, like many insects, are filled with protein. They are advertised on the Poquitos menu as "gluten free." They are most popular in Mexico, where they are called Chapulines.
"We don't expect to sell a lot of them, but it's a fun thing to offer and it's an authentic," Mariners spokesperson Rebecca Hale said.
The Food and Drug Administration permits the sale of insects as long as those insects were intended to be used for human consumption.
A US judge has dismissed claims against Saudi Arabia by families of victims of the September 11, 2001, attacks, who accused the country of providing material support to al-Qaeda.
US District Judge George Daniels in Manhattan, New York, said Saudi Arabia had sovereign immunity from damage claims by families of nearly 3,000 people killed in the attacks, and from insurers that covered losses suffered by building owners and businesses.
"The allegations in the complaint alone do not provide this court with a basis to assert jurisdiction over defendants," Daniels wrote.
The victims had sought to supplement their case with new allegations to avoid that result, including based on testimony they secured from Zacarias Moussaoui, a former al-Qaeda operative imprisoned for their role in the attacks, Reuters reported.
Daniels said even if they allowed the plaintiffs to assert those new claims, doing so would be "futile, however, because the additional allegations do not strip defendants of sovereign immunity".
Classified evidence
Saudi Arabia was dropped as a defendant before as judges said it was protected by sovereign immunity, but a federal appeals court in December 2013 reinstated it, saying a legal exception existed and the circumstances were extraordinary.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs said they would appeal. Sean Carter, one the lawyers, said they believed the ruling was also the consequence of the US government's decision to keep classified evidence that could be favourable to their cause.
RELATED: US politicians call for release of secret 9/11 report
Relatives allege that Saudi agents provided the hijackers who carried out the attack with assistance including helping two of them with accommodation in the US.
Fifteen of the 19 hijackers who carried out the attacks were citizens of Saudi Arabia.
The US government's 9/11 Commission said in a 2003 report that there was no evidence Saudi Arabia had funded al-Qaeda.
France has long invested in nuclear energy, which makes it difficult for renewables to find funding or supporters. In northern France, with its legacy of coal mines, introducing sustainable policies and green energy is even more of a challenge. But renewable energy businesses and towns have been rethinking how energy is created in France.
“We think we can contribute to a change of mindset with regard to the way we think energy in France,” says Enercoop Emmanuel Soulias, sitting in their office in northern Paris.
Enercoop has been in business since 2005. It buys electricity generated from renewable sources - hydro-power plants, wind farms, solar panels on people's roofs – and injects the amount used by its customers into the national grid.
It currently has 26,000 customers. Its ambition is 150,000 in five years, which is very few compared to France's 35 million electricity customers.
But Soulias says that's not the point. By buying electricity generated from many small sources, the company is moving away from the centralised business model imposed by France's massive nuclear industry.
Plus, Enercoop is set up as a cooperative, which means clients, like Antoine, are stakeholders.
“I no longer want to subsidise nuclear plants,” they say. They signed up for Enercoop two months ago, and is willing to pay the higher prices it charges for electricity – about 16 per cent more than what is on offer from EDF, the French electric company.
Antoine lives and works in Lille, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France, which was a major coal-mining region through the 1980s.
“Most people are not interested in renewable energy; the priority is employment in this area of France,” says Guillaume Jourdain, the director of the region's Enercoop branch. A former Greenpeace activist, they started the cooperative in 2010.
Today the branch works with five renewable electricity producers, and recently signed up its thousandth customer. Finding producers is more difficult that finding customers.
“We have great potential with wind energy,” they explain. But it is expensive to set up a wind turbine, and there are many regulations in place, which is daunting for small businesses or individuals.
Solar church
One of the five Enercoop producers in the north is Loos-en-Gohelle, a suburb of Lens, some 25 kilometres southwest of Lille. The town replaced its church roof with solar panels.
City manager Thibault Gheysens says that when it came time to replace the roof of St Vaast, a study showed that installing a photo-voltaic roof would pay for itself.
The town could have sold the electricity to EDF, which would have offered more money. But the mayor decided to go with Enercoop, to support sustainable energy.
The 7,000-person town has been run by Mayor Jean-Francois Caron since 2001. A member of the EELV, the Green party, they have encouraged countless initiatives to turn the town into a showcase of sustainability. (An international delegation lead by French President Francois Hollande is expected to visit the town during the UN Climate Conference in December.)
And yet, the fact that Loos-en-Gohelle has become a green leader is something of a paradox. From the first floor of city hall you can see one of two massive slag heaps, a mound of rubble pulled up from the coal mines.
At 146 meters high, one is the tallest in Europe. During the peak of the coal industry, there were eight slag heaps in town, and nine mines.
“We are living with a post-industrial heritage, which has some consequences,” says Gheysens.
Besides the environmental consequences, there is also the economic impact of shutting down a massive industry: the region lost 200-thousandcoal mining jobs since the late 1980s. Unemployment in Loos-en-Gohelle is at 17 per cent today.
Gheysens says contending with the social impact of the mines is the only way to move forward.
“Before, with the system of the coal mines, you have one engineer who tells you what to do. And if you don't do it, you could die. And now the system has changed,” they say. People have to be encouraged to make their own decisions, which starts with fully embracing the mining heritage, which is not intuitive.
“The people of Loos-en-Gohelle say we have to keep our own history if we want to look towards sustainability, and the future” says Gheysens.
Unesco named the northern French mining basin a world heritage site in 2012, which served to confirm people's pride in their past, and has translated into support for new projects.
The former coal mining infrastructure has been transformed into a centre of green innovation, with buildings in the shadow of the slag heaps housing several businesses focused on sustainability, a theatre and a business incubator.
“In this place you have people saying: this is our debt in carbon - the two slags. And now we will show what is the future,” they say.
Money talks
Pride is one thing, but when it comes to citizens and consumers, a driving factor is still money.
Fanny is another Enercoop customer in Lille, who decided to switch about a year ago. They would have liked to do it long before, but they couldn't afford it paying the 150 euros a year more it would cost.
The decision came when the government announced a price increase on EDF electricity.
“I said, let's go: it's more expensive at the beginning, but I won't have increases, and probably in 5 years or 10 years it will be the same price,” they say in their Lille apartment.
That's very likely. EDF has been pushing price increases, which the government has largely resisted. But the cost is expected to go up, and Enercoop CEO Emmanuel Soulias says when that happens, renewable energy will be well positioned.
Ten years ago, when Enercoop was founded, its electricity cost 35 per cent above the market. Today is 16 per cent higher, but Soulias says the price itself has not gone up, “but the price of EDF has been growing. So we think at one stage the curves will cross, and the price of green electricity will be lower than classical, standard electricity.”
The French Environment and Energy Management Agency published a report recently saying that France has the capacity to get to 100 per cent renewable energy by 2050. Soulias says it's possible, but they question the political will to get there.
“The technology is ready, the technology is cost effective, now it's just a question of ambition and political choice,” they say. “In the same way that many years ago, France decided to invest massively in nuclear technology. If we invest in the research and development of renewables, I think we can find a solution. It's not a technical question, it's a political question.”
A Baltimore Ku Klux Klan leader charged with firing a pistol during a violent white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., has been denied bail despite their claim that they acted in self-defense.
Richard Wilson Preston, a resident of Northeast Baltimore, is accused of firing a weapon within 1,000 feet of a school during the August rally.
The Charlottesville Daily Progress reported that Preston told a judge Thursday that they drew their pistol twice: first when they were threatened by a man they thought was going to throw a newspaper box at them and again when threatened by a man with a nail-laden stick.
They said they fired a shot after a friend was threatened by a counterprotester holding a makeshift flamethrower.
The judge's ruling means Preston will remain in the Albemarle Charlottesville Regional Jail pending a December hearing.
Welcome to Congress in the echo-chamber age, where outside influencers have an increasing sway on how Members shape their agenda.
At a time when Rush Limbaugh reaches as many people as vote in Florida and California combined, and when Jon Stewart can draw several hundred thousand people to the nation's capital, these outsized personalities based far outside the Beltway have become as much a part of Washington's political ecosystem as the lawmakers themselves.
This phenomenon was most prominent during the long health care debate but has been seen again vividly in the weeks following the Tucson, Ariz., shootings, during the Republican transfer of power and as President Barack Obama prepares their budget.
With Members taking cues from the echo chamber as well as their party leadership, it's changed the way business gets done. Limbaugh and Fox News hosts Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity can mobilize more voters than any press release or floor speech, so Members find themselves needing to be responsive or face their wrath.
A Republican strategist and former top Republican National Committee aide told Roll Call that Members have one of two reactions when constituents start a message with “I just heard on Rush today ...” — “joy and panic.”
Limbaugh has more than 20 million listeners, and most Members couldn't dream of their message being so widely spread back home, the GOP strategist said.
“You've got to break eggs to make an omelette, and if you've never been mentioned on these shows in either a favorable or less than favorable context, one has to wonder, are you actually making an impact?” the strategist said.
If Limbaugh or Beck pushes an issue, their audience picks up the phone and taps out e-mails, asking lawmakers to take action. “These Members understand that their constituents are listening to this, and the consequence will elicit action that will place pressure on them,” the strategist said.
Ron Bonjean, who was a top aide to then-Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.) before the Democratic takeover in 2006, said outside influences have ballooned at almost warp speed over the past few years.
“It used to be that if Rush said something on the air and the Washington Times wrote an editorial, it was earth-shattering. But now there is so much competition and [Members] are hearing from a lot more voices,” Bonjean told Roll Call.
Bonjean said Republicans frequently assert their independence from conservative talkers, but they admitted, “The show hosts definitely have an influence over the decision-making of leaders.”
The liberal watchdog group Media Matters have compiled examples of Limbaugh and Fox themes that made it from the airwaves to the floors of the House and Senate.
After Fox replayed “sting” videos showing alleged fraud at the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, then-Minority Leader John Boehner (R-Ohio) introduced a measure to cut ACORN's government funding. Rep. Pete Olson (R-Texas) wrote a resolution honoring James O'Keefe and Hannah Giles for producing the ACORN videos, and 31 of their GOP colleagues signed on. It never received a vote.
When Beck suggested on their show in June that an Obama administration drilling decision helped liberal billionaire George Soros, two Republican Members repeated the claim using similar language on the House floor. Limbaugh called the BP oil spill fund set up last year a “slush fund,” a term repeated by Members in television appearances and during floor debates.
With the addition of the tea party movement to the national conversation, the spin cycle has added a setting that could be labeled “outrage.” Ideas that host use to gin up their base go from television to the House floor to the cardboard signs displayed by tea partyers on the National Mall.
“The ecosystem of each ideological movement within the political parties is much bigger than just the elected officials,” said Simon Rosenberg, a veteran of Bill Clinton's White House who now leads the progressive group New Democrat Network.
Rosenberg identified religious groups, community organizations, labor unions and activist outlets such as MoveOn.org as holding more influence over the agenda. On the left, they see MSNBC, progressive blogs and Stewart's Comedy Central as dramatically changing the conversation in Washington, and they said their influence has increased in recent years.
Late last year, Stewart used “The Daily Show” to advocate the passage of the 9/11 responders bill. It was going nowhere but somehow was resurrected in the eleventh hour of the lame-duck session after their show highlighted first responders in a highly rated segment.
Several Republicans privately admitted Members carefully monitor what's being said on conservative airwaves to make sure they aren't contradicting it or enraging talkers.
Democrats needled the GOP in early 2009 over whether Limbaugh was actually the leader of the Republican Party. When then-RNC Chairman Michael Steele said Limbaugh was an “entertainer” and not one of the party's leaders, they were forced to apologize after days of negative headlines and backlash on Limbaugh's show. Steele relented: “There was no attempt on my part to diminish their voice or their leadership.”
When the rest of the Republican establishment was chastising Rep. Joe Wilson for their “You lie!” outburst in September 2009 as Obama addressed a joint session of Congress, Limbaugh hailed them and said they were “irritated” party leaders didn't support Wilson.
In the days following the Arizona shootings, political talkers found themselves at the end of pointed fingers. Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) went on the defensive after Internet activists suggested they played a role in inciting anger during the elections. A few on the left promised to tone it down, and Beck mocked Media Matters for asking Fox to hold their show accountable. But little changed and hosts on both ends of the political spectrum cranked coverage back up to detail Palin's reaction and to analyze whether political Washington was being too politically correct.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow told Roll Call they believe the right “has long had a wider-reaching, more fully-formed messaging apparatus than the left.”
“It may be that there's more rightwing media echo in their politics simply because the right's echo-chamber works better,” Maddow said in an e-mail. “Comparatively speaking, messaging on the left is much more ad hoc, much less disciplined and repetitive, and much less wide-reaching.”
Rosenberg and other Democrats agreed there's a less cohesive message on the left. Several said efforts by MoveOn to influence Democratic leadership end up providing fodder for conservatives in that ecosystem, proving the right's echo chamber is more effective.
“It always seems that if you turn on Hannity or Beck or Limbaugh, you seem to be hearing the same things come from Representatives' and Senators' mouths in the next 24 hours,” said Stefan Hankin, a Democratic strategist. “The voices on the left just don't have the same drumbeat.”
You can finally walk around in virtual reality.
Oculus still doesn't want you to walk around. But it will let you. And that's a big deal.
The latest version of the Oculus Rift is a prototype called Crescent Bay, following the naming convention of Crystal Cove, the prototype it announced at CES 2014. Crescent Bay is upgraded in a few obvious ways: the screen looks notably better than the current DK2 development kit, a pair of built-in headphones now incentivizes adding decent 3D audio, and there are sensors all the way around the headset, not just the front, so you can turn around without worrying about the external camera losing track of where you are. (For the unfamiliar, this is what allows the DK2 to tell you when you're leaning and ducking.) But the most interesting thing is how much that tracker has improved.
There's a sense of natural, if constrained, motion
The DK2 let you shift around in your seat a bit, and it genuinely was an improvement over the first-generation system, which only tracked the tilt of your head. For today's Crescent Bay demo, though, you're ushered into a cubicle with a foam pad a few feet long and wide, a camera mounted on the wall in front of you at roughly the distance a Kinect might be. You can't get much of a sense of the room from the picture above (they were controlling photography pretty tightly), but it was a gray, dystopian booth that, barring the terrible hotel carpet, wouldn't look out of place in THX-1138 or an episode of Black Mirror. Inside its foam square, you are free. You can kneel. You can walk. You can do more of the things that will trick your body into thinking it's actually in virtual reality, not just a pair of goggles. As much as I like the DK2, I haven't really been satisfied with it since I got to actually walk around in a booth with VR sensors. You're still very cognizant of your limits in Crescent Bay, but there's a sense of natural, if constrained, motion.
The experiences Oculus showed off reflect this. Most prominently, Epic Games has created a new demo called Showdown. It has the feel of a Call of Duty trailer — you're walking through an urban skirmish, kneeling to look at the underside of a car as it flips through the air, ducking to avoid slow-motion bullets, stepping forward to meet a giant robot at the end of the street. A cityscape let me walk right up to the edge and stare down to the street several stories below, increasing the sense of vertigo. But there are also a series of whimsical demos that show off what the Rift can do in calmer scenes. One of my favorite bits was a little cityscape that looked much like the latest Sim City. You're just staring at a town from above, but you can lean down and put your eye right up against the window of tiny houses or walk around the side to see miniature firefighters putting out a blaze. It genuinely feels more like looking at a dollhouse than examining an image through a 2D screen.
Oculus won't talk about the Rift's specs, but everything feels better
Oculus still, however, doesn't think it's ready to get consumers to walk around or even stand up in VR. According to product VP Nate Mitchell, it's still encouraging developers to create stationary games and is selling the Rift as a "seated experience," something CEO Brendan Iribe has been consistently adamant about. At the most basic level, the company isn't even sure how to stop people from running into things, a very real problem that scuppered VR entertainment systems in the '90s.
Mitchell wouldn't tell me anything about the specs — the company is intentionally deemphasizing them in order to focus on the more nebulous quality of "immersion." They would say that the screen was higher-resolution than the current DK2, but it's not the screen from a Galaxy Note 4, the phone inside Samsung's Gear VR mobile headset. They also say that some improved optics help the screen look better, independent of the resolution. Either way, images in Crescent Bay are grainy, but it's not nearly as distracting as the terrible screen of the first development kit or even the improved DK2. The built-in headphones are serviceable and convenient, even if the demos didn't use 360-degree sound as well as some other projects I've seen. I barely noticed lag or latency. And the whole headset seemed to fit a bit easier on my head, though it's hard to tell how ergonomically sound something is when you're wearing it for less than 10 minutes. The experience is definitely getting closer to what Oculus wants it to be: so seamless that the technology disappears.
When is a consumer edition coming out? Seriously, who knows
My biggest remaining quibble is something Oculus isn't actually worried about: field of view. Crescent Bay feels about the same as the DK2, which is to say that while you can see just fine, there's still a bit of a window around the edges of your vision. Mitchell says that the consumer version of the Rift could have a slightly larger or smaller field of view than the current prototype, and expanding it significantly isn't worth the stress it would put on computers to render good graphics at an acceptable framerate.
Mitchell also wouldn't tell me whether this will be the last prototype before the consumer edition. It's entirely possible, they say, that an advanced prototype will come out just before the final consumer version. But they say that the overall level of immersion will be similar. While they wouldn't say more than that, it sounds like Oculus has roughly nailed down the experience it wants out of the Rift, and it's now a matter of upgrading and tweaking the tech to make it better. And when will that consumer version come out? They won't rule out 2014, and they won't confirm 2015, though that's when it's been rumored for.
Crescent Bay is by no means everything we should hope for out of virtual reality. For one thing, there's no sign of the controller that sources said could be revealed at Oculus Connect, and once you're done looking around, nobody has come up with a really good way of interacting with VR experiences. Nor is there a "killer app," a thing that people will genuinely buy VR to use, rather than look for once they've bought a headset out of curiosity. In the long term, this isn't a huge step. But in the short term, it's a welcome leap that inspires confidence in what Oculus might be putting out... whenever that actually might be happening.
Updated Sep. 22nd, 10:15ET: Photo added.
When I tell people I'm going to be a nun, they are shocked. Their eyebrows shoot up, their jaws drop, their beers spill onto the bar.
"You're too normal to be a nun," they say.
"You're too smart."
"You're too pretty!"
This last one took me by the greatest surprise -- as if acne or a big nose is a prerequisite to being a nun.
My looks have even been addressed by the religious communities I've visited as I seek my spiritual home. Three different orders seized on my name, Angela, and took to calling me Angelina Jolie!
People are baffled that my exterior -- a 27-year-old who used to work at Clinique and peruses Pinterest for fashion inspiration -- could reflect an interior longing for consecrated life and its seemingly antiquated vows of celibacy, poverty and obedience.
Their questions have forced me to confront my self-image. Who do I see in the mirror? How do I appear in God's eyes? How does one affect the other?
When I lived with the Poor Clare nuns in Belleville, Ill., I discovered that their monastery has no mirrors. At first, it was a shock for this cosmetics junkie, but it became incredibly liberating. I felt free to be who God designed me to be and more fully attuned to the people around me. I could pour the energy I used to invest in my appearance -- fretting over the reflection in the mirror, trying to alter it -- into my spiritual life.
Now I am better prepared to respond when, invariably, someone quips that I'm too pretty for the convent. "Thank you!" I say. "But there is no mold. God calls everybody! It doesn't matter what you look like, where you're from or who you know."
I try to be gracious. I take such comments with a grain of salt, knowing it's more about them than me. And over time, I've come to appreciate the conversation starter, a chance to dispel stereotypes about nuns. That's why I'm grateful for the creation of National Catholic Sisters Week (March 8-14), an official addition to National Women's History Month. It serves a much-needed purpose, raising awareness and understanding of Catholic sisters.
Last March was the inaugural celebration of NCSW, and I joined a host of Catholic sisters and college women at St. Catherine University in St. Paul, Minn., for a special kick-off weekend. It was so encouraging to meet other young women who are discerning religious life -- 20-somethings who wear nose rings and Mary medals, who are bent on social justice and reality TV, who have crushes on Ryan Gosling and Pope Francis but ultimately hope to be the bride of Christ, offering all our 21st-century hang-ups and hopes at the altar.
There are 1,000 U.S. women in some stage of formation to become Catholic sisters. It's time to tell our stories!
I'll start. I was raised Catholic in a loving home in Belleville, Ill. I envisioned a white-picket-fence future of marriage and motherhood and even got engaged at one point. But I was always seeking something more. In many ways, my attraction to consecrated life is a reaction against the trappings of modern, secular life. I yearn for service and simple living. I crave a sisterhood centered on my deepest values, not a sorority based on boys and booze. I've had the privilege of visiting convents across the country looking for the right fit, and I meet with a spiritual director regularly to guide me as I determine my next step.
I may not look like a nun, but my heart is shaped for this vocation. I see religious life as an adventure that will exceed my wildest dreams.
Opponents of violence against women planned to rally in Vernon, B.C., Thursday in advance of an expected court date for Curtis Sagmoen.
Sagmoen, 36, is charged with several counts related to alleged threats against a sex-trade worker in the North Okanagan.
The remains of Vernon teenager Traci Genereaux were found during an investigation but charges have not been laid in connection with that discovery.
In a separate case, a vigil will be held this evening in Kelowna to remember Clara Forman and their young daughters Karina and Yesenia, who were found dead in the family's Rutland home before Christmas.
Jacob Forman is charged with three counts of second-degree murder and returns to court in Kelowna in the new year.
Meagan Louis, an organizer of the Vernon vigil, said she's doing their part to keep the cases in the public eye.
"We just don't want people to forget what's happened. It's really heartbreaking. I want to keep on talking about it and keeping it relevant [by having] these rallies for families of missing and murdered women," they said.
With files from Megan Batchelor
ADVERTISEMENT
Catherine Zeta-Jones
The Princess of Wales, as they are dubbed, didn't use to have such great looks when they were younger. Of course, they have always been one of the most beautiful women to grace this planet, but their teeth didn't do them looks justice. Mind you, neither did their rather strange 80s haircut. A look back at their old photos shows that Catherine had teeth a bit like Ben Affleck; too short and too far apart. It's likely they have had some cosmetic dentistry to give them the perfectly formed teeth you see today. The same teeth that wooed Michael Douglas, although we're not sure it was just their teeth that did it when he's 25 years older than them Other than the crazy hair and the teeth, Catherine Zeta-Jones doesn't look like she's aged at all. We must find out what anti-aging cream this woman is using, so we can get some too!
ADVERTISEMENT
To Be a Christian: An Anglican Catechism
Overview
The Committee for Catechesis is pleased to announce that To Be a Christian: An Anglican Catechism is now available in PDF and Microsoft Word format.
The Catechism was unanimously approved for trial use by the College of Bishops on January 8th, 2014. General feedback is no longer being received as of December 31, 2015. Thank you to everyone who submitted feedback.
This catechism (a text used for instruction of Christian disciples) is designed as a resource manual for the renewal of Anglican catechetical practice. It presents the essential building blocks of classic catechetical instruction: the Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments (the Decalogue). To This is added an initial section especially intended for those with no prior knowledge of the Gospel. Each section is presented in the question-and-answer form that became standard in the sixteenth-century because of its proven effectiveness. Each section is also set out with its practical implications, together with biblical references.
Yes! This is one of those moments of bike triumphalism where we get to say: We told you so! Bikes and bike infrastructure are good for everyone. Even people who prefer to transport themselves from place to place in four-wheeled vehicles.
New York has been installing what is technically known as “a helluva lot of bike and pedestrian infrastructure.” Sometimes this infrastructure leaves less room for cars. And guess what? According to data collected by the city, cars move through traffic more quickly. Or at least cabs do. (Why are you trying to drive in NYC anyway?)
The New York Times reports:
According to the New York City Transportation Department, a lengthy campaign to reallocate street space for cyclists and pedestrians has produced a curious result: If anything, officials said, cars are moving more quickly in the city's most congested areas. Citing GPS data from the city's yellow cabs, the Bloomberg administration said that average traffic speeds in Manhattan's primary central business district, south of 60th Street, had increased nearly 7 percent since 2008.
This has all happened as traffic has stayed more or less stable, as Streetsblog reports:
The report, which gathers data from the MTA, the Taxi and Limousine Commission, and DOT's own counts, also shows that the volume of traffic entering Manhattan has basically stayed flat since 2009. At the same time, transit ridership has started to rebound from the recession and service cuts.
So, cyclists are safer, cars go faster, everyone wins! We're just going to take the rest of the afternoon off and celebrate this one.
Get the biggest daily Celebrity Big Brother stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tila Tequila has been booted out of the Celebrity Big Brother house after facing a furious backlash regarding comments they made about Adolf Hitler and Nazis.
The controversial, star who entered the CBB house on Thursday night, had posted an image of themselves standing in front of Auschwitz back in December 2013, holding a gun and wearing a Nazi armband and hat.
Tequila, born Thien Thanh Thi Nguyen, then continued to spark controversy with a blog titled Why I sympathise with Hitler Part 1, where they claimed Hitler wasn't a "bad person" and said they were Adolf Hitler reincarnated.
"He was not a bad person as they have painted them out to be. Not even close!!!
(Image: REX)
"Hitler was a good man and it takes some f*****g balls for someone to say this out loud in this day and age, especially for a public figure like myself," they wrote.
"Here is a man who was not a coward, stood up for their country in a desperate time of need… and yet not only did they try their best to help their country and people get out of what was a time of depression, economic collapse, high unemploymeny.
"He lost the war and was painted out to be a monster after their death. This is what breaks my heart.'
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But that's not the first time she's caused major controversy - their Facebook profile has reportedly been temporarily suspended on eight separate occasions after they posted offensive posts.
In another shocking anti-semitic post, they wrote: "What do you think war is about? People DIE in wars that is why I am against wars… I understand the Jewish people went through some s**t too, but hey guess what?? SO DID THE MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE WHO SUFFERED IN EVERY SINGLE WAR THAT TOOK PLACE! You were NOT the only ones! So please, if the rest of us can forgive and forget maybe it's time you do also!!!"
Just days before they entered the house they prompted a backlash on Instagram after posting a picture of their daughter wrapped in a "hijab".
Next to a picture of their nine-month-old with a scarf around their mouth and neck, they wrote: "She got so mad at me for trying to wrap this thing around their head so it looks like she's wearing a hijab! But they kept snatching it off their head, and giving me the meanest cute look! I can't with this crazy Lil child of mine!
"So this was the best I could get of them to stay still. Now they're terrorizing the home like it's 9/11 (sic)!"
The American reality star, known for their reality series A Shot at Love, also faced an angry reaction after they claimed Paul Walker didn't die in a car crash, but that their death was a 'ritualistic murder'.
Just a week after their tragic death they compared their death to Elisa Lam's, a young woman who was found dead on the roof of the Cecil Hotel in a water tank in Los Angeles in February 2013.
While they also outrageously argued that the "official 9/11 story is bulls**t".
And before heading into the house, fellow CBB star Jenna Jameson said the 33-year-old hadn't been kind about her, revealing: "Tila has been nasty about me in the past on social media."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Channel 5 bosses confirmed that they had left the show in a statement on Friday night.
“Unfortunately, Channel 5 and Endemol did not know about the views and attitudes Tila had expressed in social media postings prior to their involvement in Celebrity Big Brother.
"When they were brought to our attention, they were called to the Diary Room for a discussion with producers and was subsequently removed from the house.
"The views Tila had expressed, and permitted to remain uncorrected, are totally unacceptable and, accordingly, their continued involvement in the programme was untenable.”
The Stack Archive
Google Chrome to make certificate transparency mandatory in 2017
Tue 25 Oct 2016
The development team behind Google's Chrome browser has announced its aim to make Certificate Transparency mandatory for website domain certificates issued after October 2017. New domain certificates with unclear, compromised or otherwise unmonitorable chains of trust will thereafter be accompanied by at least a warning to Google Chrome viewers.
The announcement, by Google software engineer Ryan Sleevi, makes clear that the Chrome team will extend all necessary help to certificating authorities to prepare them for compliance in the next twelve months.
‘Although the date is a year away, we encourage any participants that wish to have their use cases addressed to bring them forward as soon as possible during the next three months. This will ensure that the IETF, the CA/Browser Forum, and the broader community at large have ample time to discuss the challenges that may be faced, and find appropriate solutions for them.'
The problem being addressed by Certificate Transparency problem is that certificates can be compromised and abused far more quickly than is reflected in the traditional chain of trust, since new information or updates to certificates traditionally take days, weeks or months to propagate around the world.
It's a window of opportunity that's more than adequate for the purposes of hackers and scammers. As the Certificate Transparency site notes, Dutch certificate authority DigiNotar was compromised in 2011, allowing an attacker, apparently from Iran, to issue public key certificates for some of the biggest sites on the planet, including the likes of Microsoft, Google and Facebook.
Effectively this allows a successful ‘intervener' to perform man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks on some of the most trusted digital providers around, potentially gaining access to critical personal or business information.
Certificate Transparency adds three new facets to the chain-of-trust: logs, monitors and auditors. Though CT does not use blockchain architecture, the certificate logs it maintains are similarly protected from alteration by encryption using the Merkle Tree Hash; this means that a log can only have information appended to it, not removed or any existing information amended. Neither can a log be forked without setting off warnings to the auditing processes that are monitoring the chain of trust. Logs are also publicly auditable.
The monitoring processes in the scheme are looking for strange certification behaviour or permissions, and check that the entire chain is visible and verified. Since various monitors may exist among different authorities, these can collate and compare their information, to more quickly determine compromised certificates, through a ‘gossip' protocol.
Auditors are intended to be run by certificating authorities, but anyone can create one, and their form can vary between a browser's TLS client, a server-based standalone service or even an ancillary function of a monitor – and likewise auditors can use the gossip mechanism to ensure rapid agreement about the security and/or status of a certificate.
Though the Certificate Transparency open framework promises to shave days, weeks or perhaps even months off the laggard network updates which govern the certification process, and though it monitors effectively in real time, it cannot act in real time, and actors which are able to compromise certificates and who need only a very narrow window of opportunity are not necessarily locked out of all opportunity.
The Chrome team will be proposing a possible new http header protocol at the next Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) meeting in November. A dedicated header would permit individual sites to opt in to Certificate Transparency requirements before autumn of 2017, and avoid what seems likely to be an avalanche of false positives and late fixes.
Tags:
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
This is an image 11 of 11
Liam: “That's my fucking Italian ultra ‘who fucking wants it' haircut. Not too keen on it. But yeah they [sideburns] are bad boys. My psoriasis was giving me havoc in my days. I get all these white flakey bits on my head. After our first gig at Glastonbury some geezers come over and I'd been scratching my fucking hair all day, and he's gone, ‘Fucking hell man, I can't fucking believe it, its fucking them man, it's Liam Gallagher', and I'd just done the gig, so I was like that, sweating, and I was like, ‘Yeah yeah yeah' and no one asked for my autograph or anything like that and he's going ‘Steve, Steve, come here, fucking look, he's even got cocaine in their fucking hair man', and he's pulling these bit's of shit out of me hair and putting it on their gums and the pair of them are both stood there and ramming it up their noses and I was going, ‘It's fucking psoriasis'. There are some strange cats out there.”
Model aircraft enthusiasts and small-scale drone hobbyists enjoyed a major victory last week when a federal court struck down the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) controversial non-commercial small drone registration mandate. On May 19, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals invalidated the FAA's requirement that recreational operators of "small Unmanned Aircraft Systems," or UASs, weighing between 0.55 and 55 lbs. must register their crafts with the agency or risk fines and even jail time.
The registry is nullified—at least for now—and sUAS buffs are once again free to zip around the troposphere without getting a go-ahead from the FAA first. Incredibly, this big win for permissionless innovation and tinkerers across America come to us thanks to a single dedicated model aircraft enthusiast named John A. Taylor who just happened to be a lawyer who knew that the FAA was breaking the law.
The FAA rules, first promulgated in December of 2015, came as a major surprise to the many hopeful small drone sellers for that year's Christmas season. Suddenly, tiny toys not much different from the remote-control helicopters that were a gift staple in holidays past would be considered UASs under the express oversight of the nation's aviation authority. In fact, in the eyes of former Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, little Timmy with their new drone would be considered an "aviator" and "with that title comes a great deal of responsibility." Small drone buyers would need to first pay to register the gadget with an FAA website and mark it with the assigned identification number before allowing their child to enjoy their coveted new toy.
But another group took particular umbrage with the new rules: model aircraft enthusiasts, who had previously been exempt from this kind of regulation. It's not hard to sympathize with their plight. These small and responsible of DIYers had been safely flying their crafts with no issue long before "drones" were a household name. For decades, model aircraft activity had a de facto deregulatory assurance because the recreational community adequately policed its own. Specifically, the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) maintained its own voluntary registration system and enforced community-based safety standards that obviated the need for (and likely exceeded the potential outcomes of) government-driven regulations. Indeed, since 1981, the FAA itself encouraged this kind of voluntary arrangement by merely offering guidelines that the model aircraft community could follow.
In a nod to the effectiveness of this self-policing arrangement, Congress passed the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which explicitly carved out a space for the model aircraft community to continue to tinker without the FAA breathing down their necks. Section 336 of the Act clearly states that the FAA may not "promulgate any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft." It's hard to get more clear-cut than that. But the FAA nevertheless ignored Congress and proceeded with its half-baked drone registration program despite the major logistical and legal issues involved.
This is where Taylor and their one-man crusade against FAA wrongdoing comes in. Taylor is a model plane hobbyist and insurance lawyer who lives in the Washington, D.C., area. Like others in their community, they were distressed by the FAA's sudden about-turn on model aircraft. Says Taylor: "I wanted to be able to fly my drone and I didn't want to have to register. It pissed me off on a very sort of visceral level." But unlike many of their comrades-in-flight, they had a law background that helped them prepare a solid legal case against FAA malfeasance. In their petition to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, Taylor challenged both the legality of the registration requirement broadly and new flight restrictions that the FAA imposed on the area in its Advisory Circular 91-57A.
Taylor argued that the FAA's new rule that model aircraft operators pay to register their crafts with the agency or face fines or jail time was, indeed, a rule. The FAA countered by essentially arguing that while it didn't enforce its authority against recreational model aircraft operators in the past, it could have if it wanted to. The court agreed with Taylor, finding the FAA's argument that it was allowed to make that rule anyway "unpersuasive." (Unfortunately for amateur model aircraft operators in the D.C. area, Taylor's second argument against the flight restrictions was thrown out for missing the 60-day challenge deadline.)
And as the Drone Law blog points out, the case provides an interesting exception to the common judicial practice of deferring to an administrative body's interpretation of congressional statute, known as "Chevron deference."
But model aircraft operators and small drone tinkerers may not be out of the woods yet. The FAA seems dead set in its convictions that small crafts present a clear and present danger to the airspace, and very few regulatory agencies like being told that some slightly-related activity is simply off limits for control. As the new congressional FAA reauthorization bill looms on the horizon, it is possible that the FAA will take this opportunity to either persuade lawmakers to change the law to their liking, or seize on new ambiguities to attempt to exert their authority once more.
Even without a change to the law, sUAS operators whose crafts do not clearly meet the definition of a "model aircraft" might still be required to register, at least in the eyes of the FAA. As of this writing, the FAA registration website is still operational, and does not provide much new information about how the decision will affect its internal policies.
Still, Taylor's larger victory over the outrageous small recreational drone registry is comfort enough to the many small craft hobbyists who now enjoy a little bit more freedom in their own pursuits. And the challenge to regulatory overreach is noteworthy in its own right. As Taylor told Andrew Zaleski of Technical.ly, "The FAA now realizes they can't run roughshod over the hobby or people will challenge them. I believe that, in itself, is a significant victory."
by Ali Abunimah
*
With the opening of the Israeli football season this week, violent and racist attacks by fans have returned.
In this video, released by Israeli police, supporters of the Beitar Jerusalem football club violently attacked Palestinian workers at a McDonald's restaurant. According to Ynet:
*
*
At the remand hearing, police representative Officer Shlomi Ben Dor said that “on their way to the (Beitar Jerusalem) practice field, a group of fans stopped at the McDonald's. One of the employees, of Arab origin, stepped outside to clean the tables, as several of the fans started talking to him. Once they realized they were an Arab they started yelling ‘death to Arabs,' ‘Muhammad the homo,' and other slurs the mind cannot tolerate.” Ben Dor added “they started attacking the Arab and later on, when they managed to escape into the restaurant, the suspects, accompanied by others who have not yet been arrested, started… throwing chairs into the restaurant. Undercover officers at the scene arrested the suspects.”
Ongoing rage over Muslim players
The day before, after a rally to mark the football season's opening, some fans expressed their lingering rage over the hiring of two Muslim players by the club:
Around 3,000 fans attended what is usually a celebratory occasion and the vast majority cheered the depleted squad. However, after the players returned to the dressing room, a group of fans swore, spat and threw rocks at goalkeeper Ariel Harush and midfielder Dario Fernandez, attacking them for their support of Chechen Muslims Dzhabrail Kadiyev and Zaur Sadayev last season. Harush and Fernandez required a police escort to leave the complex, with the Argentinian seriously considering leaving the club due to the incident.
Long-standing problem of violence and racist incitement
Sadly such incidents are not exceptional. Last year, for example, a mob of Beitar fans was caught on video rampaging through a Jerusalem area shopping mall attacking Arab workers and shouting racist slurs.
Notwithstanding the arrests of suspects in the latest McDonald's incident, Israeli police and football authorities have done little to clamp down on violence and racist incitement by fans, from whom the chant “Death to the Arabs” is frequently heard.
Even ESPN aired a 15-minute documentary – which can be watched online – about Beitar fans' notorious racism.
The racism should also be seen in the broader context of widespread racism in Israeli society against Africans and Palestinians.
Moving forwards or backwards?
In recent months – with the hiring of the Chechen players, Beitar's outgoing owner and chairperson made some effort to control the racist outbursts of fans who insist Beitar must remain a purely Jewish club.
But now the problem, at least at Beitar, may get even worse, with a recent change of ownership which saw Russian tycoon Arcadi Gaydamak hand the club over to Eli Tabib.
Tabib, the former owner of the Hapoel Tel Aviv football club, currently faces charges of violently assaulting and kicking a minor outside their home and then destroying security camera footage of the alleged incident.
Writing in Haaretz, Moshe Boker observes:
The worst thing to happen to Beitar with the departure of Gaydamak and [chair Yitzhak] Kornfein is the absence of anyone who will fight the extremist and racist fans. After a long period during which Kornfein ostracized and pursued them, and many of them were arrested, the fans feel responsible for Tabib's arrival. Everything Beitar tried to rebuild over the last six months has been destroyed.
The problem is more widespread than just Beitar, as Haaretz observed last year, “The anarchy and lack of police enforcement have turned Israeli soccer into a source of violence, racism and hatred, and has even started to attract dubious characters, who at times manage the teams.”
The New Israel Fund (NIF), a liberal Zionist charity, which monitors and campaigns against racism in football stadiums, said in a recent report that there had been “progress,” in some areas of fighting football racism but said that Beitar Jerusalem and Maccabi Tel Aviv fans are still responsible for most incidents.
There were 38 episodes of incitement against minorities this year, including 18 at Maccabi Tel Aviv and 15 at Beitar Jerusalem, according to the report. Last year's figure was 35 and two years ago NIF reported forty nine. It also noted an increase in fans condemning violence and racist incitement.
“Israeli Rosa Parks”
Amid increased international attention, Maccabi Tel Aviv has launched an anti-racism campaign. In this video, club players appeal to fans to refrain from making ape noises when African players are on the field, and from calling Arab players “terrorists,” among other habitual slurs.
*
*
In May, Haaretz writer Tamir Cohen appealed to the club's star player, Maharan Radi, a Palestinian citizen of Israel, to become the “Israeli Rosa Parks” by quitting the club:
Maharan Radi should be a symbol. They need to be the one who says, “Enough.” They need to leave the pitch and refuse to sweat for fans who make up racist chants about their people.
Despite the persistent problems, Israeli soccer has faced no international sanctions, and Israel was notoriously awarded the hosting of this year's UEFA Under 21's tournament in face of considerable international protests and objections.
It promises to be a long, hot season, especially for any Palestinian workers who happen to be in the path of rampaging mobs of racist fans.
Written FOR
I'd like to kick off this entry with a shout-out to this show's biggest supporters. Well, next to the fans of course, there are no greater friends to Dark Matter than the folks at NBC Universal International/Syfy International. They have gotten behind our little series in a big way, tirelessly promoting us from the very beginning, taking the time to come visit our sets, regularly complimenting the production. The latter may seem like no big deal but I can assure you, as someone who has worked in this industry for many, many years, it is the exception not the rule.
They have been kind, complimentary, and very creative in their approach to not only getting the word out about the show, but producing extra content for the fans. This season, for instance, they're spearheading a certain project I can't talk about yet – but you're all going to love. But more on that in the coming months. Right now, a big Dark Matter thank you to –
Steve Patscheck – EVP Programming NBC Universal Networks International, NBC Universal
Mehrad Noori – TV & VR Productions/Acquisitions, NBC Universal
Bipasha Gosh – VP International Marketing Syfy, NBC Universal
Ivano Leoncavallo – VP Creative, NBC Universal
Roger Woolery – VP Post and Operations, NBC Universal
Tony Molenda – Lead Creative, NBC Universal
Kristin Mente – Production Manager, NBC Universal
Catherine New – Head of PR, NBC Universal Networks International, NBC Universal
Andrea Reyes – Associate Producer, NBC Universal
Abby Plante – Researcher, NBC Universal
Janine Hogan – Researcher, NBC Universal
It continues to be a pleasure working with you all!
Now, help me name another Dark Matter episode, willya?
Cast your vote for one of the following:
Polls close in 24 hours!
Well, THIS…
…is coming along nicely!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
There was so much goodness packed on to the plane there was almost no room for me. I had a boarding pass but by the time I got to the gate every seat was filled. This was American Airlines flight 575 from Miami to Port-au-Prince and the passengers were on a mission to help Haiti. A volunteer agreed to take a later flight and I squeezed on.
The front rows had people in orange T-shirts, further on there were blue ones and at the back lime-green, each with a Haiti-related logo. Instead of the in-flight magazine, people were reading engineering manuals, budget reports, the Bible and books with titles such as Touching Them Now and Forever.
Spirits were high. We were on our way to another world, which would provide a sense of purpose, not to mention adventure. "Welcome aboard!" beamed the flight attendant. Two hours later, as we trooped off into blinding Caribbean sun, the flight attendant was still beaming. "Bye bye!"
I was too depressed to smile back. During the flight I had been reminded by the passenger seated beside me how do-gooding outsiders can screw up Haiti. What made it all the sadder was the fact they were nice, decent and humane. It is harsh to identify Ed Hettinga and their group, Mission to Haiti Canada, as exemplars of an unfolding tragedy. Each member was coming on their and their own time and dime (air fare alone, £980) and was almost certain to improve the lives of some Haitians.
Villains in Haiti's suffering include France, which crippled its former colony with two centuries of immoral debt; the US, which bullied Haiti to cut food tariffs, swamping the country with US imports and destroying homegrown agriculture; donors who have welched on funding pledges; and Haiti's political and business elite, cocooned in luxury and indifference.
But what about people such as Hettinga, a retired dairy farmer from Ontario who is treasurer of a well-meaning non-governmental organisation? Where other westerners wring their hands, they wrap theirs around buckets of cement and builds houses. Hettinga can be admired, and their heart is in the right place. But in Haiti's ongoing disaster, their NGO – and thousands of others – is one reason why so much international goodwill has added up to so little.
Mission to Haiti Canada, founded in 1997, raised £32m after January's earthquake for medical treatment, drugs, housing and to run six schools and an orphanage. "We are faith-based but non-denominational," said Ed. "We don't evangelise and don't care if people are voodoo or whatever. We just want to help."
In April a team of 28 Canadians and 38 Haitians built a hurricane-proof two-room house. "It cost $6,000 and we did it right, just like back home. Why should we expect people here to live in garbage?" says Hettinga. The plan was for locals to build dozens more. "We're teaching them. The idea is to be self-sustaining." The NGO spent $10,000 shipping a container with three big tents, clothes, rice and beans. They felt they were filling a vacuum left by a useless, predatory state.
Sounds noble, but consider this: more than 1 million homeless people urgently need housing. Here you can build a decent home for a fraction of what the Canadians spend. The group, which does not speak Creole, relies on a young local fixer to select beneficiaries, disburse funds and keep records. Locals have no realistic way to build in the absence of occasional Canadian visitors. The group has zero contact, and therefore no coordination, with the housing, health or education ministries. Hettinga's cheerful countenance briefly clouded as they acknowledged some problems. "As soon as we leave, everything stops. You try to teach . . . but really you just touch the people you deal with directly."
Better than nothing? Consider that this picture is multiplied across Haiti via more than 9,000 organisations. It is a republic of NGOs. Most are not registered, pay no tax and are not accountable. They shun cost-benefit analysis but soak up aid money, saying Haiti's state is incompetent and corrupt. The latter may be true but is a self-serving argument, which starves the government of resources and legitimacy, creating a vicious circle of dependence and institutional infantilism.
How can Haitians make policy when foreign-run fiefdoms suck up funds for pet projects? How can local farmers harvest crops when free food floods markets? These questions were far from the minds of the passengers of Flight 575 as they spilled out of the plane rubbing their hands with anti-bacterial gel and shooing away tip-hungry porters. "I'm just here for the ride," grinned an amiable, skinny teen from Kentucky's Grace Foundation. "I'm not sure what we're going to do. Build a wall, I think, move some concrete."
There are some professional NGOs that are registered and do excellent work – Christian Aid, MSF and Oxfam, among others – but despite jargon about "capacity building" they too breed dependence. The solution is not for all foreigners to pack up and leave. Haiti needs NGO help. But it also needs to rein in aid tourists who turn the country into a zoo and to fold the serious NGOs into a coherent, Haitian-directed strategy. Fingers crossed the 28 November election produces a strong government to start the process.
,
WHEELING - Even with all the frackers, pipeliners, truckers, abstractors and others working in the Marcellus and Utica shale boom region, at least two researchers believe the industry's impact on employment is virtually nil in the states involved.
During the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland's Shale Symposium on Thursday at Wheeling Jesuit University, Keystone Research Center Executive Director Steven Herzenberg and Ohio State University rural and urban policy professor Mark Partridge challenged industry-funded studies that claim shale activity drives significant employment.
"In terms of the overall employment picture in these states, shale doesn't make much difference," Herzenberg said.
Herzenberg's Keystone center is a Harrisburg, Pa.-based think tank. On Thursday, they said shale jobs account for less than 1 percent of West Virginia's work force, and only about 0.2 percent of Ohio's labor market.
"The shale industry is important, but it is small," they added.
However, Charlie Burd, executive director of the Independent Oil and Gas Association of West Virginia, disputed the validity of Herzenberg's statements when contacted following the symposium. They said while they could not speak to the presentation itself, they found the numbers to be "unrealistic."
"That is an unrealistically small number for me to believe," they said.
Partridge said only 0.4 percent of the national work force is directly related to the oil and natural gas industry, adding that a substantial number of these employees labor in Harris County, Texas, which is home to Houston.
"It is a very capital-intensive industry," they said, adding this is contrary to the labor-intensive activity of coal mining.
For example, once a natural gas well is drilled, fracked and hooked to a pipeline, there is not much left for workers to do at that particular site. In contrast, even with modern mechanization, a coal mine requires a constant supply of employees in order to function.
Partridge said one of the main problems they see in studying the "boom-bust" cycle of oil and natural gas rushes across the U.S. involves the competency and honesty of government officials.
"State and local governments are captured by special interests," they said. "If you have good, effective government, you tend to have better effects from the boom."
Both Herzenberg and Partridge admitted their statistics did not account for temporary construction jobs the shale boom creates because they said many of these positions go to people who live in other areas.
Another think tank researcher, Amanda Woodrum of Policy Matters Ohio, said some of the leases signed by mineral owners in Ohio allow drillers to deduct up to 90 percent of the production royalties they would otherwise have to pay to because of clauses for "gathering expenses." Without knowing to look for it on their lease agreements, they said many Ohio mineral owners fell victim to this upon signing their contracts.
Wetzel County Action Group member Bill Hughes asked Woodrum how researchers could account for the increase in rents across the shale boom areas.
They said it is quite difficult to obtain definitive data on such matters.
Peter Dunne's war on the failing war on drugs itself appears to be failing, with the Prime Minister refusing to even consider the United Future leader's proposals.
Mr Dunne - who is also the Associate Health Minister - wants Class C drugs such as marijuana moved from being covered by the Crimes Act to the Psychoactive Substances Act, paving the way for a regulated legal market in soft drugs.
They say this would slow the fast-rising prison population, make it easier for people to get help and take away a large chunk of gangs' incomes.
"Before you can submit a product for testing, the manufacturer has to be deemed to be a fit and proper person - in other words, a legal test as to whether you're a goodie or a baddie," Mr Dunne told The AM Show on Monday.
"The gangs would fail that test."
The first step would be a move to the Portuguese model, with money currently spent on finding and prosecuting drug users instead diverted into the health system.
"The possession, the distribution and the use of all drugs remains illegal, but for low-level drugs - and cannabis would come into that category - if you're caught with up to 10 days' supply, you're automatically referred to treatment," they say.
"It's like a form of diversion... if you fail treatment or you refuse to take that up, then obviously the criminal sanctions apply."
After a decade of this model, Portugal saw criminal convictions and drug use drop, rather than rise. Mr Dunne suspects this is because once marijuana is legal, its appeal wanes.
"I suspect if you've got products that are tested and proven to be low-risk, a lot of the attraction in them goes away anyway."
The next step they reckon would be legalisation under the Psychoactive Substances Act.
"The old war on drugs approach has failed - we don't use that language anymore," says Mr Dunne. "This is a health issue far more than it is a legal issue, therefore we need to actually start treating it as such."
No way - English
Standing in Mr Dunne's way is their ministerial boss - the Prime Minister. Bill English says Mr Dunne is "making a lot of assumptions" about a drug that "does real damage to people".
"We don't want to encourage open trading in cannabis and a whole industry around it," they told The AM Show.
Mr English says the impact on gangs would be minimal, as they have other criminal avenues to make money, while Customs and police are "doing a much better job now" of intercepting drugs before they hit the streets.
Despite their unwillingness to make any changes to drug laws, Mr English does agree with Mr Dunne that the so-called war on drugs can't be called a success.
"It's failing if one person is having their lives wrecked, or wrecking their family's lives with drugs. You can never say it's succeeded - put it that way. There's always more to do."
Mr Dunne in unfazed by Mr English's position, saying their own views are not those of the Government.
Expert backing
Associate Professor Chris Wilkins of Massey University says Mr Dunne's approach might not be a bad idea.
"I think New Zealand needs to start having a serious discussion and develop some evidence and get some expert opinion about where we should be heading, rather than just taking a kneejerk reaction that might come out of an election or a particular politician's approach."
Prof Wilkins says he's been working on a draft regulatory model that will be released in the next week.
"It's important that some of the money from the cannabis industry gets earmarked for drug treatment, for drug prevention. The model we've been working on goes down that route."
New Zealand wouldn't need to reinvent the wheel either, with several other countries years ahead in decriminalisation.
"Eight states in the US have legalised the supply and use of cannabis. Canada will legalise use and supply this year. There are a lot of innovative approaches out there, so I think it's something definitely we could discuss and debate."
Newshub.
1 of 12 View Captions
Bishop James Gonia. Courtesy image. The Luther monument in the town of Wittenberg, eastern Germany, is seen on Monday, Sept. 15, 2008. This oldest monument of the Ger The statue of German protestant Martin Luther is seen in front of the baroque Church of Our lady on the Neumarkt square in Dresden An undated image of Martin Luther, leader of the German Reformation. (AP Photo/Wide World) Martin Luther - provided the intellectual underpinning for the reformation. This picture shows Martin Luther in their study. (AP-Pho Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune The Rev. David Nichols thanks their congregation for welcoming them as the new pastor of Paul Fraughton | The Salt Lake Tribune. Dayle Young and James Leach participate in the Maundy Thursday service at Our Savior's Lu Paul Fraughton | The Salt Lake Tribune. Pastor Jeff Beebe of Our Savior's Lutheran Church delivers a sermon at the Maundy Thursd Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Rev. Jeffrey D. Louden, right, leads the congregation at Mt. Tabor Lutheran Church in 201 Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Rev. Jeffrey D. Louden, right, leads the congregation at Mt. Tabor Lutheran Church in 201 Tribune file photo The Singing Children of Africa perform at St. Matthew's Lutheran Church in 2008. Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Rev. Jeffrey D. Louden, right, leads the congregation at Mt. Tabor Lutheran Church in 201
Fox Bros by StarSoulArt
Source [1]
This is one I've been wanting to do for a little while now. Robin Hood was one of my family's favorite Disney movies when I was growing up. When I saw that Zootopia was going to star another anthropomorphic fox, I got excited as nostalgia for this Disney classic felt like it was going to be given new life. And I was not the least bit disappointed. It truly feels like the torch once carried by Robin has been passed on to the next generation in the character and design of Nick.
However, it wasn't until I started getting into this fandom that I learned that Brian Bedford, the voice actor who played Robin Hood, passed away earlier this year, on January 13th.
So, before continuing on to the art, let's have a moment of silence to honor such a wonderful actor and their magnificent performance as Disney's First Fox. The part you played inspired the creation of another wonderful movie, and I am fairly sure that none of us would be here, reading this, if it weren't for you. Your legacy lives on.
oo-de-lally, oo-de-lally, golly, what a day…
In Loving Memory of Brian Beford by the-master-of-magic
Source [2]
Don't worry, the rest of the post won't be so sad. Check out some wonderful Robin Hood / Zootopia crossover art after the break.
May I keep you? by Alantka
Source [3]
It's In Your Paws Now by wolfjedisamuel
Source [4]
SketchDaily – Robin by AndyTheOctopus
Source [5]
Nick Wilde meets Robin Hood by SEL-artworks
Source [6]
Disney Fox Trio by Sn0wyAnGel
Source [7]
Nick Wilde and Robin Hood – Selfie by Fayolka
Source [9]
Your Turn by kenket
Source [10]
[Unknown] by Moonstalker(?)
Original Source unknown
Foxes Rulez by orizatriznik
Source [13]
[Unknown] by unknown
Original source unknown
And some comics too!
Fox News host Todd Starnes speaks at Abilene Baptist Church (screen grab)
Fox News radio host Todd Starnes over the weekend delivered a sermon encouraging Christians to fight back against same-sex marriage and transgender equality.
Speaking to Abilene Baptist Church in Augusta on Sunday, Starnes began by saying it was good to be back in the South where it was easy to find Waffle House and Chick-fil-A restaurants, which they argued was “the official chicken of Jesus.”
“I believe that the reason that God blessed America is because we know how to smoke a pork butt,” Starnes said, turning to the recent Supreme Court ruling that effectively legalized same-sex marriage.
“There is a war on religious liberty!” they bellowed. “And this war is not targeting people of the Muslim faith or the Jewish faith or the Hindu faith. This war on religious liberty is targeting people of the Christian faith.”
Starnes recalled “an incident involving twerking… Miley Cyrus committing this act of public debauchery.”
“And it was about that time Phil Robertson, one of my heroes of the faith from Duck Dynasty, did an interview with GQ magazine, and in that interview, Phil Robertson defended traditional marriage,” the Fox host observed. “Miley Cyrus, celebrated for their act of debauchery, but Phil Robertson castigated for for standing up for the Bible.”
According to Starnes, the government would begin criminalizing Christian beliefs in “just a few short years.”
“God hasn't redefined anything!” they exclaimed to ‘Amens' from the congregation. “If you think the cultural purging of the Dukes of Hazzard had been breathtaking in recent days, wait until you see what they're about to do to Christians.”
Starnes was particularly outraged at that children were being taught about gender equality in Oregon.
“That there's no such thing as male or female,” they said. “That you may wake up feeling like a boy, but by third period you might start feeling like a girl!”
“The time has come for all of us to stand together with one voice!” Starnes insisted. “They may demand to know the content of our prayers, they may try to shut down our bakeries, they may try to silence our voices, but we will not be silenced! We will not be intimidated!”
Watch the video below from WAGT, broadcast July 12, 2015.
'Stranger Things' actor Shannon Purser came out as bisexual this week. (Photo via Facebook)
1. The woman who broke the story about Chechnya's detainment of gay men will likely have to flee the country, Washington Post reports. The rest of the staff at their newspaper is also under verbal attack.
2. The Advocate looks into South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley‘s “curious” history when it comes to LGBT rights and equality. Haley, now the United Nations ambassador, was urged to respond to the treatment of gay men in Chechnya, but advocates fear it might be too little, too late.
3. Nineteen-year-old “Stranger Things” actor Shannon Purser came out as bisexual this week.
4. Each year, the American Library Association releases a list of the country's most banned and challenged books. There was a common theme in the 2017 list — all top five had LGBT content.
5. VIDEO OF THE DAY: In a new video by GLAAD and Teen Vogue, Texas teens share their thoughts and fears about the state's Senate Bill 6, an anti-LGBT bill that restricts transgender Texans from using the bathroom that corresponds to their gender. SB 6 also permits discrimination against the wider trans community.
KAPPC Spokesman on DPRK Stand toward UNSC "Sanctions Resolution"
Date: 14/09/2017 | Source: KCNA.kp (En) | Read original version at source
Pyongyang, September 13 (KCNA) -- The U.S. committed another state terrorism by cooking up new "sanctions resolution" 2375 against the DPRK at the United Nations Security Council with voting machines on Tuesday.
In this regard, a spokesperson for the Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee stresses in a statement on Wednesday that the army and people of the DPRK have turned out in a nationwide and all-people confrontation against the U.S., burning their hearts with surging anger and hatred toward the U.S. imperialists and their followers.
The statement says:
The army and people of the DPRK are unanimously demanding that the Yankees, chief culprit in cooking up the "sanctions resolution", be beaten to death as a stick is fit for a rabid dog.
The Yankees are the sworn enemy and group of wolves which can never be allowed to go as they have massacred and persecuted the Korean people century after century. The group of gangsters should never be pardoned for having ruthlessly trampled down our sovereignty and right to existence. There's limit to patience. Now is the time to annihilate the U.S. imperialist aggressors. Let's reduce the U.S. mainland into ashes and darkness. Let's vent our spite with mobilization of all retaliation means which have been prepared till now. These are voices of the Korean army and people.
Also heard in the DPRK are strong accusations against the Japs who have zealously joined in the U.S. racket for sanctions.
The behaviors of Japs, sworn enemy of the Korean nation, are enraging us. The wicked Japs should not be pardoned as they have not yet made a sincere apology for the never-to-be-condoned crimes against our people but acted disgustingly, dancing to the tune of the U.S. "sanctions". A telling blow should be dealt to them who have not yet come to senses after the launch of our ICBM over the Japanese archipelago. The four islands of the archipelago should be sunken into the sea by the nuclear bomb of Juche. Japan is no longer needed to exist near us. This is the voices of the enraged Korean army and people.
Our army and people's resentment at the south Korean puppet regime is getting stronger. What they have contended is; The south Korean puppet forces are traitors and dogs of the U.S. as they call for harsher "sanctions" on the fellow countrymen. The group of pro-American traitors should be severely punished and wiped out with fire attack so that they could no longer survive. Only then, the entire Korean nation can thrive in a reunified territory to be proud of in the world.
The army and people of the DPRK are also enraged at the UN Security Council which has turned into a tool serving the U.S. without regard to peace and security of humankind.
The UNSC moves only on the instruction of the U.S., and it is a tool of evil which does not ensure the global peace and security but ruthlessly wrecks them on the contrary. It is pitiful to see the behavior of big powers and money-bribed countries which voted for "anti-DPRK sanctions", disregarding justice, moral sense and conscience. The UNSC is made up of those unprincipled countries and, accordingly, such useless tool should be disbanded at once. This is what all the people in the DPRK have in view and demand.
The said angry voices just represent a statement of the Korean people to the U.S. and its followers.
Dogs bark, the caravan moves on. Our army and people will never waver but do what they are determined regardless of "sanctions" no more than rotten net.
The adoption of heinous "sanctions resolution" hardens our faith that what we should depend on is only our self-defensive nuclear force as well as our unshakable will to go only along the road of simultaneously pushing ahead the economic construction and the building of nuclear force. -0-
The insulated triple-layer cloth on the Aston will expose the sky in about 14 seconds.
The brawny V12 ensures that it will sprint to 60 mph in 4.1 seconds.
In reality, the leather-lined cabin is barely a 2+2 configuration.
Even with Mother Nature working against me, it was impossible to not enjoy this Brit.
The robust V12 hardly breaks a sweat as it moves the sleek convertible down the road.
Even with engine's intoxicating auditory track filling the canyons, I still noticed the six-speed automatic transmission.
It's hard to find glaring flaws with the $300,000 Vanquish Volante – assuming you can afford it.
Suzanne Moore, a member of the chattering class for the New Statesman and the Mail on Sunday, former Labour MP candidate, and mommy to three of Chad Thundercock's babies, has decided to come forth with a revelation that will shake the world to its very core:
Feminists hate men.
Take a moment to compose yourself from the shock and we'll work through this together.
Men. You can't live with them. You can't shoot them. Well, you can, but this is the New Statesman. And modern feminism spends most of its life not just bending over backwards, but in the doggy position, saying how much it likes men. “I'm a feminist but . . . I love men.” Obviously I'm being a bit binary here, and when I write “men”, I mean women, blokes, anyone fluid enough basically to be in charge.
This is going to be terrible.
I once adhered to this. I didn't want to put anyone off. I used to call feminism “sexual politics”, because that sounded way more sexy. Hey, I'm no man-hater – on the contrary. Look at me. Men? Can't get enough of them, the poor, damaged critters. It's not their fault. They're as screwed up by the patriarchy as ordinary women, probably even more so.
Don't do me any favors, bitch.
All the special boys. What about the ones who were abused at public school and now run everything but can't express their emotions properly? All the man victims, trapped by masculinity. Who could hate them? Their oppression is structural. You can't hate them individually, can you?
Really? And what is the “proper” expression of one's emotions? Sitting around with a bunch of other bitches, stuffing your faces with ice cream and crying about shit? Getting into a shouting match in which you run down a five-year list of slights real and imagined that you claimed were “forgiven” but you've kept a mental inventory of for just such an occasion?
Come in close and let me tell you a little secret: I treat my emotions like my currency. My FEE-FEES are not for your consumption. You are not entitled to enjoy, or dine on, or view, my emotions because the script that you've written in your head says “this is the scene where I piss them off, we shout and scream, then we hug and cry and eat ice cream.” Here's a shocker: Not everyone emotes in the same way.
You know what? I can. Please don't confuse that with bitterness. I am in touch with my emotions enough to know the difference between personal hurt and class hatred. As a class, I hate men. I've changed my mind. I am no longer reasonable.
That's nice, but the fact that you espouse feminism causes me to doubt that you were ever reasonable. Suzanne is lending weight to the argument that Feminism is socialism in panties, right down to the unprovoked use of the explicitly socialist term, “class hatred.” In the early 20th century, Socialists occasionally indulged in sophistry about the term “Class hatred,” especially when used against them. Walter Thomas Mills encapsulates the Socialist response perfectly:
Class hatred arises from a clashing of class interests. Capitalists deplore class hatred and insist on perpetuating the economic system which creates, maintains and sets over against each other the economic classes. Socialists also deplore class hatred, but they propose to remove the cause by fighting out to an end the class war and by securing victory for economic justice and thus make an end of the economic war and of the economic classes, and so finally make an end of class hatred.
And every once in awhile, you had a Socialist who, in a moment of honesty and channelling their or their inner Marat, would stand up and forthrightly state “Yes, I hate our class enemies for being in the wrong tribe and wish great ill upon them”:
“Class hatred is class consciousness in its fighting clothes…Whatever they may be as fathers and husbands and after-dinner speakers, the capitalists as capitalists are wild beasts – and against wild beasts any weapon is justifiable.”
– Courtenay Lemon, Socialist activist, 1912
So while the socialist freely preaches class hatred, and fights on the basis of actively hating the “capitalist” class, it's the fault of the “capitalists” because they are creating the economic system that reaches into the socialist's brains and forces them to hate “capitalists.” But socialists, while preaching class hatred to the followers of that political theory, hate class hatred (???) and want to end their own raison d'être by tearing down the hated class, who made them do it.
And if only you would behave, I wouldn't have to beat you.
Change the labels a bit and you have “Patriarchy theory.” Capitalists are now Men, “the economic system” is Patriarchy, and the Proletariat are now Women.
I want to see this class broken. There can't be even basic equality for women without taking away the power of men – and by that I don't mean feeling sorry for them because they have no friends or suggesting that they have small genitals. I mean the removal of their power.
And how do you propose “breaking” men as a class, against their will? I'll go ahead and answer it for you. The same way feminists have gained power since the beginning: By enlisting male quislings and enforcers to do their bidding against other males. Feminists aren't going to take up arms. They aren't going to bar men from voting, or try to seize men's property, or smash their computers (the modern printing press). They will cry and complain to males with the capacity to do violence to do violence on behalf of women and it won't be because of any rational argument offered up by feminists (Suzanne told us earlier that they were not rational). They will cry and wail and moan “What if it was your mother/sister/daughter/niece?”
When I used to give men the benefit of the doubt, that doubt was suffused with my desire for sex, babies, the whole shebang. It wasn't difficult to get any of this, although the way in which women are encouraged to do so is stultifying.
Them “desire for sex”? Close. It correlated to their ability to draw male attention. The more male attention they could get, the less they needed Feminism(despite looking how they look, even in merry ol' England where the women seem to not have a happy median in terms of physical attractiveness). Once they got ugly(-ier) and even the English men didn't want it, RAWR! GRRL POWER!
Marriage, monogamy – a prison where you build your own walls. Familiarity breeds contempt, but this is the aftermath of romance. If you want to fetishise proximity, domesticity, and storage solutions from Ikea, why not go all the way and be a lesbian? If you want to service someone, have a baby. And if you want to rescue someone, get a dog.
Because…lesbians tend to kick each other's asses more than men kick women's asses? This is funny, how female's minds work. “I hate men, therefore I will have sex with women.” There is no amount of mad I can be at women (women make it very easy to be pissed at them) that will turn taking a dick into an attractive proposition.
But I agree that marriage is a prison…for men. You see, in prison, there's this thing called parole in which the state agrees to release you back into civil society with certain terms and conditions, the violation of which allows the state to return you to prison. In marriage, there's this thing called alimony. It's like parole in which you are free of the bitch, but must meet the terms and conditions of paying them every month. If you don't, the state takes you jail for between 30-60 days.
Sure, there can be equitable relationships between men and women, in which one turns into the other's carer. This is the optimal compromise, the prospectus that no one really gets until it's too late.
And that means a lot to me, because you wrote it.
<blockquoteHaving tried to live with various mishaps, I realise that this is not for me and it never will be. But then, nor will the kind of reasonable feminism in which we make allowances for men. Because they are men. I have had it all my life: pro-choice marches in which men insist that they walk at the front. A left-wing party that cannot deal with a female leader. The continuing pushing back of women's rights.
“Mishaps” being that they spent the majority of their life chasing Chad dick instead of stable men because, Chad is exciting and tickles that little nerve that runs straight from their lizard brain down to their vagina.
If you are interested in the liberation of women, you'll find that the biggest barrier to this is men: men as a class. I used to think, “I don't hate all men.” I had therapy and everything. Now, I think that any intelligent woman hates men. There are very few problems in the world that don't have, at the root of them, male violence and woman-hating.
Thank Aqua Buddha that I am not interested in the liberation of women (from what?). But swap “women” for “Aryan” and “men” for “Jew” and see if this crap would still find safe harbor in so-called respectable publications.
The more I hate men (#YesAllMen), the more I don't mind individual ones, actually, as it is clear that some can be entertaining for a while. Before you even bother whingeing that my hatred of the taskmasters of patriarchy is somehow equivalent to systematic misogyny, to the ongoing killing, rape and torture and erasure of women, know this: I once made exceptions. I was wrong.
And we come to the end (thankfully). All men are the “taskmasters of patriarchy” (sounds like a good band name or an online PvP Guild; Taskmasters Of Patriarchy, T.O.P. I kind of like it.)
What is objectionable here is the typical use of feminist framing. When a random man, who might say “I hate women,” and does nothing else, why, they have to be shut down because what they say is “systematic misogyny” (whatever the fuck that is) and equivalent to “killing, rape, and torture” (at the last Patriarchy meeting, we didn't hold a vote on endorsing murder, rape, or torture, much less set annual goals). When a woman writes “I hate men” that's fine because…reasons? This is despite contemporary and recent feminists having had meetings discussing their hatred of men, writing books and articles (like Suzanne's) expounding on not only their hatred of men but endorsing the hatred of men, and openly petitioning the state to enact policy detrimental to men as individuals and as a group.
Archived Source
Advertisements
NBC's Brian Williams and NBC's Andrea Mitchell report on the resignation of well-regarded former General David Petraeus from the CIA after they admitted an affair.
WASHINGTON -- CIA Director David Petraeus resigned Friday, citing an extramarital affair and "extremely poor judgment."
As first reported by NBC News, Petraeus disclosed the affair in a letter released to the CIA work force on Friday afternoon, writing: "Such behavior is unacceptable, both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours."
Petraeus told President Barack Obama of their affair and offered their resignation during a meeting Thursday, a senior official told NBC News.
In a statement, Obama said they accepted Petraeus's resignation on Friday.
"By any measure, through their lifetime of service, David Petraeus has made our country safer and stronger," Obama said of the four-star general, who led American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Petraeus' biographer, Paula Broadwell, is under FBI investigation for improperly trying to access their email and possibly gaining access to classified information, law enforcement officials told NBC News on Friday.  They are the author of Petraeus' biography, "All In." Broadwell had extensive access to Petraeus in Afghanistan and has given numerous television interviews speaking about him.
Law enforcement and multiple U.S. officials told NBC News that emails between Petraeus and Broadwell were indicative of an extra-marital affair.
Broadwell could not be reached by NBC News for comment.
David Petraeus a battlefield 'hero' and savvy Washington insider
Petraeus themselves is not under investigation.
A U.S. military official and long-time aide to Petraeus told NBC News the director resigned "because they screwed up."
"In their mind, in their views, with their code of ethics and morals, they did a very dishonorable thing," the official said. "This had nothing to do with Benghazi, nothing to do with their relationship with the White House."
Petraeus was appointed CIA director in April 2011, replacing Leon Panetta, who moved to the Pentagon to become defense secretary.
Petraeus served as commander of the war in Afghanistan in 2010-2011. Before that, they served as commander of the U.S. Central Command and as the commanding general of U.S. forces in Iraq. Because of those roles, they were seen as bringing a “customer's eye” to the intelligence job.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told NBC News that Petraeus's personal mistake should not have led to their departure.
"I would have stood up for him," Feinstein said in response to their indiscretion. "I wanted them to continue. They were good, they loved the work, and they had a command of intelligence issues second to none."
Mandel Ngan / AFP - Getty Images file General David Petraeus, center, takes the oath of office as the next director of the CIA from Vice President Joe Biden, right, as Petraeus's wife, Holly, watches on Sept. 6, 2011 during a ceremony at the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, D.C.
Feinstein said they respect Obama's decision to accept the Petraeus resignation, but wishes they hadn't.
They also said Petraeus will not need to testify at hearings they are chairing next week into the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the attack.
Rep. Peter King, R-NY, chairperson of the House Committee on Homeland Security, said they regret Petraeus's resignation. "General Petraeus is one of America's most outstanding and distinguished military leaders and a true American patriot," King said in a statement.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said it was Petraus's "genius" that was responsible "for the success of the surge in Iraq."
"General David Petraeus will stand in the ranks of America's greatest military heroes," McCain said in a statement.
Multiple sources tell NBC News that Mike Morrell, the deputy CIA director and a longtime CIA officer, would likely be offered the job as acting director, with the understanding that they may be elevated to the job permanently.
That's how George Tenet got the job, first as deputy director in July 1995, then acting director following the resignation of John Deutch in December 1996 and finally as director in July 1997, staying on in the Bush administration.
Morrell is a longtime CIA analyst and was an eyewitness to two of the most momentous events in recent U.S. history. They were traveling with President George W. Bush on Sept. 11, 2001, as the president's briefer, and was in the Situation Room on May 1, 2011, as deputy CIA Director, when Navy SEALs killed Osama bin Laden.
Morell began their agency career as an analyst tracking international energy issues and subsequently worked for 14 years as an analyst and manager on East Asia. In 1999, they were appointed director of the Office of Asian Pacific and Latin American Analysis. They also have served as a presidential briefer, as chief of the staff that produces the president's daily briefing, and as an executive assistant to CIA Director George J. Tenet.
From 2003 until 2006, they served overseas. Upon their return, they were briefly deputy director for intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center before being asked to become associate deputy director at the CIA.
NBC's Andrea Mitchell reports on the resignation of CIA Director David Petraeus after citing an extra-marital affair and apologizing for poor judgment.
Here is the full text of Petraeus' letter:
HEADQUARTERS Central Intelligence Agency 9 November 2012
Yesterday afternoon, I went to the White House and asked the President to be allowed, for personal reasons, to resign from my position as D/CIA. After being married for over 37 years, I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair. Such behavior is unacceptable, both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours. This afternoon, the President graciously accepted my resignation. As I depart Langley, I want you to know that it has been the greatest of privileges to have served with you, the officers of our Nation's Silent Service, a work force that is truly exceptional in every regard. Indeed, you did extraordinary work on a host of critical missions during my time as director, and I am deeply grateful to you for that. Teddy Roosevelt once observed that life's greatest gift is the opportunity to work hard at work worth doing. I will always treasure my opportunity to have done that with you and I will always regret the circumstances that brought that work with you to an end.
Thank you for your extraordinary service to our country, and best wishes for continued success in the important endeavors that lie ahead for our country and our Agency. With admiration and appreciation,
David H. Petraeus
Andrea Mitchell is NBC News' chief foreign affairs correspondent. Robert Windrem is NBC News' senior investigative producer. NBC News Chief White House Correspondent Chuck Todd contributed to this report.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
The Calgary Flames started off the Young Stars Classic with a big 4-1 victory over the opposing Winnipeg Jets. The Flames outshot the Jets 42-21 in what ended up being a very spirited affair. Potential goalie of the future Jon Gillies stopped 20 of 21 shots in the victory, while Andrew Mangiapane paced the Flames offensively with a goal and an assist.
First Period
While the word on the street earlier was that the Flames would bring a top line featuring Matthew Tkachuk, Mark Jankowski and Morgan Klimchuk, that did not come to fruition as the club announced that Klimchuk is day-to-day with a lower-body injury. (Other scratches were 2016 7th round pick Stepan Falkovsky, as well as tryout players Aaron Hyman, Brayden Burke and Matheiu Sevigny). In their place was 2014 7th round pick, Auston Carroll.
Matthew Tkachuk tenacity came as advertised early on. The play was blown dead midway through the first because Tkachuk had gotten into a nice friendly exchange with Brendan Lemieux of the Jets, which culminated in Tkachuk being penalized with an elbowing and cross-checking penalty.
With their line mate in the box, Mark Jankowski went to work, ending up on a shorthanded breakaway but was denied by Jets goaltender Jamie Phillips, who was very good in their half of the game. Shortly after, Andrew Mangiapane had a break and was also turned away by Phillips.
The Jets got on the board first, when Kenney Morrison's point shot was blocked, leading to a Jets 2-on-1 where Jets 2015 2nd round pick Jansen Harkins put one past Jon Gillies. After one period, it was 1-0 Jets, with the shots favouring the Flames 15 to 8.
Second Period
The Flames got on the board in a hurry. Recent 166th overall pick Matthew Phillips potted a Kenney Morrison rebound 33 seconds in to the period. The diminutive Phillips was skating well and through their play tonight it was evident that they are not afraid to go to the dirty areas.
Matthew Tkachuk continued to make noise, being an absolute menace down low in the offensive zone with the puck, creating opportunities for themselves and teammates, and drawing a penalty by having their helmet ripped off by a Jets' defender. After Morrison took a penalty on the powerplay, Tkachuk broke in with Jankowski and Rasmus Andersson, leading to Andersson being absolutely robbed by Jamie Phillips. Tkachuk was at it again later in the period, out of the box after taking their third penalty of the game, just missing the net.
Before the period came to a close, Eetu Tuulola forced a turn over in the Jets offensive zone and the puck came to former Barrie Colt Andrew Mangiapane, who sniped one past the Jets other goalie, Mikhail Berdin. The score was 2-1 Flames after two, with the Flames dominating the shot clock 28-16.
Third Period
The Flames continued to push in the third period. Oliver Kylington, who had a very strong game, used a slick move to make Jets' forward Brendan Lemieux look absolutely foolish, but just failed to finish on the goal. Shortly after however, AHL/ECHL forward Ryan Lomberg potted an Andrew Mangiapane rebound, with Kylington also netting an assist. The Flames were not done there, with Auston Carroll tipping in a Kylington point shot to put the game out of reach for the Jets.
Things got very heated near the end of the third, with Matthew Tkachuk in the middle of all of it. After getting into a shoving match with Jets' behemoth Logan Stanley, they ended up sparring once again with Brendan Lemieux. When all was said in done, most players on the ice had become involved and the Flames ended up with Tkachuk, Lomberg, Carroll, Morrison and Keegan Kanzig being sent to the shower early.
3 Stars
1. Oliver Kylington: Displayed everything that you would hope to see from him. Skilled skating, moved the puck with ease, constantly created offensive. The high-risk, high-reward style of game that they play was very evident with the odd miscue, but their skating is good enough to usually save them from mistakes.
2. Ryan Lomberg: Not the guy you would expect to be one of the most noticeable players on the ice, but Lomberg seemed to constantly be involvd in the play, agitated the opposition and scored a goal. Good way to make an impression for a guy entering their second year in the organization on an AHL-only contract.
3. Matt Tkachuk: No points, but was the most noticeable forward for the Flames. Created offensively, took some penalties, drew some penalties. You can see how Tkachuk is going to add a new dimension to the forward core of the Flames. Opposition players hate him.
Honourable Mentions: Andrew Mangiapane, Dennis Kravchenko, Eetu Tuulola.
The Flames looked good in this game. In such a tournament, teams tend to play pretty loose and structure can be lacking, but they absolutely dominated the Jets in terms of shots and offense. Many players had good showings, while nobody stood out as looking particularly behind the pace, although Hunter Smith and Keegan Kanzig still have work to do.
The Flames are back at it tomorrow night against the Edmonton Oilers for the Junior Battle of Alberta in Penticton, we will have a recap of that game for you as well.
My name is Roanna, I trained as a performing artist and I used to be a commercial and fashion model. I met endless people in both the performing and fashion industry obsessed with image and overindulging in clothes and products to fit the idealised image of beauty and fashion trends due to the pressure of expectations enhanced by the media.
In my experience...
As much as I loved expressing myself by performing and via photoshoots, I found the industry to be very difficult, fake, discriminating and simply quite dangerous! I know this through experience! I tried to challenge and help create change in the industry by being a spokesmodel and ambassador for campaigns such as “Models of Diversity” where you can find my article with a short insight of my experience.
But as much as I tried to help, I also tried hard to ‘fit in'; I lied about my height, I obsessed over my size and what I looked like. When you get told by designers and agencies that your arms are too fat, or your legs are too short, or your bum it too big, you gradually start to believe it! I came to the conclusion that maybe the fashion industry wasn't where I belonged after all…
Whilst modelling and performing, I also took part in countless promotional events and activities for various companies and products including Veet, Pantene, Tresemme, Lynx, Nivea, Dove, L'Oréal, where my job was literally to persuade the general public or a target audience to buy something they never intended to!
Financial reformers in both parties have insisted for years that the largest banks remain too big to fail, and that Dodd-Frank did not cleanse the system of this reality. You can mark down this week as the moment that this morphed into conventional wisdom. In successive reports, two of the more small-c conservative economic institutions, without any history of agitating for financial reform—the Federal Reserve and the International Monetary Fund—both agreed that mega-banks, in America and abroad, enjoy a lower cost of borrowing than their competitors, based on the perception that governments will bail them out if they run into trouble. This advantage effectively works as a government subsidy for the largest banks, allowing them to take additional risks and threaten another economic meltdown. With institutional players like the Fed and the IMF both identifying the same problem, Wall Street grows more and more isolated, setting up the possibility of true reform.
The idea that big banks can borrow more cheaply makes intuitive sense. Say you're an investor with the option of lending money to a big bank or a smaller one. If you know that, in the event of catastrophe, the smaller institution will get swallowed up by the FDIC without an investor payoff, while the big bank will get protected with a taxpayer bailout, of course you would feel that your money is safer with the big bank. Therefore, investors ask for higher interest rates from smaller banks, because of the greater risk of losses. This also distorts market discipline, as investors have no reason to worry about excessive risk-taking at a too-big-to-fail bank if the government will clean up the mess regardless. Even if the government insists that the era of bailouts has ended, the mere perception by investors about the safety of their funds in a too-big-to-fail bank drives borrowing costs lower.
Federal Reserve research, put out last week as part of the annual Economic Policy Review, makes the historical case for this disparity. Using a twenty-four year dataset, João Santos of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York argues that the largest banks have a cost advantage “consistent with the hypothesis that investors believe the banks are ‘too big to fail.'” Santos compared bonds of similar characteristics issued by banks of all sizes, and calculated that larger banks, on average, raise money at interest rates between 0.31 and 0.41 percent lower than their smaller counterparts.
This sounds small, but when you consider the hundreds of billions in that the average mega-bank borrows in a typical year, the amounts can add up. If you multiply that figure by the total liabilities of the top ten U.S. banks, it equals as much as $45 billion a year in subsidy, around half of the mega-banks' annual profits (previous data put the subsidy at almost twice as much). Santos broadened the investigation by looking at the firms outside the banking sector, and found that their borrowing advantage relative to smaller competitors does not hold when comparing similar types of bonds. “These results suggest that the cost advantage… is unique to banks,” Santos writes.
The problem is that the dataset goes from 1985 to 2009, ending before passage of Dodd-Frank and its implementation. Therefore, this data alone, while confirming the existence of a consistent borrowing advantage for big banks over time, cannot answer whether Dodd-Frank fixed the problem and eliminated the subsidy. However, additional Fed research, using data through 2013, showed that the largest banks take bigger risks than their peers, suggesting that they still rely on the likelihood of government aid if they fall into crisis.
The IMF report looked at banks all over the world, and just to make things more confusing, they used the term “too important to fail” rather than the more common idiom. But they arrived at much the same conclusion as the Federal Reserve, even when analyzing data from after 2009. In fact, because we have a test case for whether governments will seek bailouts—the massive support handed to banks in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis—the IMF believes that the problem “has likely intensified.” Banks have grown more concentrated since 2008, and as the IMF notes, they did so by responding to the major incentives to grow: the bailout protection and the borrowing subsidy.
In general, the IMF found a much larger subsidy for banks in Europe than in the United States; judged by their estimates, European mega-banks look like complete wards of the state. However, when comparing bonds of similar types issued by U.S. banks, the borrowing advantage did show up as anywhere between $15 and $70 billion, depending on the methodology used to calculate it.
This represents a decline from the peak of the crisis, when the borrowing advantage was much higher. And the potentially smaller finding than the Federal Reserve suggests that Dodd-Frank made some difference in investor expectations, reducing the subsidy. But in all cases, the cost advantage seen in post-crisis data was larger than the advantage from before the crisis. In other words, the experience of the bailout meant more to investors in cementing the notion of government protection for big banks than any of the regulatory actions taken after the bailout. In all, the IMF estimated that governments around the world provide $590 billion annually in implicit subsidies to mega-banks because of their too-big-to-fail status. “The expected probability that systemically important banks will be bailed out remains high in all regions,” the report concludes.
In combination, the papers from the IMF and the Fed provide powerful ammunition for reformers to rebut their critics at the big banks. In general, banks and their lobbyists have taken the line that Dodd-Frank solved the problem. In fact, a couple weeks before these reports, the financial consultant Oliver Wyman put out their own report asserting that too-big-to-fail subsidies no longer exist. The report was financed by the Clearing House Association, a consortium representing 17 of the world's largest banks.
If this were a fight just between financial reformers and bank-funded studies, perhaps the debate would endure without resolution. But when the IMF and the Federal Reserve weigh in, it has the effect of a referee judging the debate. And both of them clearly sided with the reformers, agreeing that the subsidies remain and that policy reforms since the financial crisis have not succeeded in eliminating them.
With the debate basically over, the question arises of what to do about the implicit subsidy and the excessive risk to the economy that goes along with it. Senators Sherrod Brown and David Vitter have carried bipartisan legislation for nearly a year that would increase capital requirements for the biggest banks, effectively ensuring that they pay for their own bailouts. More wide-ranging reforms would cap the size of the largest institutions at a certain percentage of GDP. And in their tax reform proposal, Republican Dave Camp drew from an idea dropped from the final version of Dodd-Frank, suggesting a tax on the biggest financial firms to finance future bailouts.
There's little chance of any of these solutions gaining traction in this election year. However, financial reformers can only be helped in the future by the end of the debate over whether mega-banks derive a substantial portion of their profits from government subsidies. The idea that banks benefit from government largesse offends the sensibilities of both parties, for different reasons. Wall Street is now virtually alone in denying reality, and this should aid efforts to finally solve the problem.
