Liverpool takes on Sevilla in the group stage of the Champions League on Wednesday night, 15 months after defeat to the Spanish side in the Europa League final in 2016.
Despite a sensational opener from Daniel Sturridge that night in Basel, a goal from Kevin Gameiro and a brace from Coke consigned the Reds to European misery.
A year later, however, and Jurgen Klopp‘s side had secured their return to the continent's top tier, finishing fourth in the Premier League in 2016/17.
And after a two-legged play-off win over Hoffenheim, Liverpool were drawn against Spartak Moscow, Sevilla and Maribor in Group E, kicking off at Anfield on September 13.
The Reds' group opener against Eduardo Berizzo's side could be much different to that loss in Switzerland, with Gameiro, Coke, Grzegorz Krychowiak, Jose Antonio Reyes, Vitolo, Yevhen Konoplyanka, Vicente Iborra and Fernando Llorente all having left the Spanish outfit.
But nevertheless, the clash provides them with an opportunity to exact revenge, and Liverpool are a much-changed beast themselves.
So how does Klopp's lineup from St. Jakob-Park compare to that which is likely to take to the field at Anfield?
Goalkeeper
Then: Simon Mignolet
Now: Loris Karius
Mignolet endured a hit-and-miss 2015/16 campaign, but produced a reasonable display against Sevilla, at little fault for any of the Spanish side's three goals on the night.
Since then, the Belgian has established themselves as Klopp's No. 1, battling against adversity and the arrival of a genuine competitor to cement their place between the sticks.
However, Mignolet is expected to make way for Karius for Liverpool's Champions League campaign, with Klopp adopting an approach similar to that of Luis Enrique at Barcelona in 2014/15.
It is difficult to compare the two, as Karius has made just 17 appearances for the club since joining from Mainz 05 last year, but they are arguably as inconsistent as the Mignolet of 2016.
Upgrade? No, though Karius does have the potential.
Right-Back
Then: Nathaniel Clyne
Now: Trent Alexander-Arnold
Clyne was a genuine contender for Liverpool's Player of the Season in 2015/16, producing a long run of dependable performances on the right-hand side of Klopp's back four.
The Englishman was not at their best against Sevilla, but their form that campaign saw them retain their place as first choice last term.
However, injury has hampered their progress this time out, and it is likely that Alexander-Arnold will line up at right-back on Wednesday night.
Though they are only 18, Alexander-Arnold's performances for the Reds this season so far suggest they can be as good, if not better, of an option as Clyne moving forward.
Upgrade? Not yet, but it's not far off.
Centre-Backs
Then: Kolo Toure and Dejan Lovren
Now: Joel Matip and Dejan Lovren
Despite shipping three goals, Liverpool's standout performer in the Europa League final was Toure, producing a stunning, backs-to-the-wall display in their last game for the Reds.
The Ivorian was partnered by Dejan Lovren, who despite being an erratic presence throughout 2015/16, had enjoyed an upturn in fortunes towards the end of the season.
With Toure gone that summer, and Matip drafted in as Klopp's leading centre-back, the Reds have a new first-choice pairing.
Lovren remains as untrustworthy as ever, but on an all-round level Matip is certainly a better long-term option than Toure.
Upgrade? Yes.
Left-Back
Then: Alberto Moreno
Now: Alberto Moreno
Few Liverpool players have followed as strange a redemption arc as Moreno in recent years, with their reintroduction under Klopp this season completely out of left field.
The main cause for this surprise is Moreno's woeful display against their former side in 2016, with their lack of tactical intelligence leading to just 835 minutes on the pitch last season.
It remains early days, but the left-back looks to have benefited greatly from their spell on the sidelines, and can hope for a better performance on Wednesday night.
Upgrade? Yes, bizarrely.
Midfield
Then: Emre Can, James Milner and Roberto Firmino
Now: Jordan Henderson, Emre Can and Philippe Coutinho
Klopp has shifted their default formation from a 4-2-3-1 to a 4-3-3 since that night in Basel, but for the purposes of comparison, their No. 10 that night, Firmino, drops back into the ‘three'.
Against Sevilla, Can serve as the holding midfielder alongside a more progressive Milner, but on Wednesday the No. 23 is likely to switch roles as Henderson continues in the defensive role.
This has proved a more effective, and less staid, system, and the prospect of Coutinho operating as the creative, third midfielder provides Klopp with a better platform than in 2015/16.
Upgrade? Yes.
Right Wing
Then: Adam Lallana
Now: Mohamed Salah
Before their transformation in Klopp's midfield lieutenant, and the leader of Liverpool's pressing game, Lallana served on the right side of the Reds' three-man supporting unit behind the striker.
Comparing the England international with Klopp's new first-choice right winger, Salah, is near impossible, with the 25-year-old a more devastating outlet in the final third.
Salah has made an instant impact since making the move from AS Roma, immediately becoming a key player at Anfield.
Upgrade? Yes, definitely.
Left Wing
Then: Philippe Coutinho
Now: Sadio Mane
As with the right flank, the duties of Klopp's left winger have changed dramatically over the past 15 months, with Mane mirroring Salah's influence on the opposite side.
Coutinho played a pivotal role in leading Liverpool to the Europa League final from that wide role, but the Reds are a more effective unit with two speedsters.
And furthermore, the Brazilian is better used in the deeper role as part of Klopp's midfield three.
Upgrade? Incomparable, but yes.
Striker
Then: Daniel Sturridge
Now: Roberto Firmino
Curling the ball beyond David Soria with the outside of their boot to put Liverpool 1-0 in Switzerland, Sturridge scored one of the greatest ever goals in a European final.
Unfortunately, as ever, injuries have ensured the No. 15 remains a luxury player for Klopp, making just 12 starts since.
This has arguably benefited the Reds, however, with Firmino shining as first-choice centre-forward.
While they certainly don't possess the finishing ability of their English counterpart, Firmino's industry, creativity, movement and all-round game make them a marked improvement.
Upgrade? Yes.
A Better XI?
Liverpool XI vs. Sevilla, 2016: Mignolet; Clyne, Toure, Lovren, Moreno; Milner, Can; Lallana, Firmino, Coutinho; Sturridge
Likely Liverpool XI on Wednesday: Karius; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Lovren, Moreno; Henderson, Can, Coutinho; Salah, Mane, Firmino
It was remarkable that Klopp could lead the Reds to the finals of both the Europa League and the League Cup in their first season in charge, but failure in the former shaped their future plans.
The additions of Mane and Salah have arguably been the most influential, allowing Klopp to change their system into a more fluid, width-based attacking setup.
Both of their lineups for the Reds' clashes with Sevilla are affected by key absences, but despite an experiment at the back with the likely inclusion of Karius, the 2017 incarnation is stronger.
And with the Anfield crowd backing them, Liverpool can hope for a much-improved result against the Andalusian outfit this time around.
Tekken X Street Fighter development on hold
Polygon models, moves, and systems all finished, Harada says.
Tekken X Street Fighter is no longer in active development, Tekken game director Katsuhiro Hara has told GameSpot.
“When we develop fighting games, we try to keep the core community in mind as well as the wider audience that wants to play these games,” Harada explained. “But currently the situation is with fighting games, you have Street Fighter V that just released–a lot of people are playing that fervently–and there's a large crowd out there waiting or Tekken 7.”
Harada continued, “We don't want to split these communities, so a good window in which to release Tekken x Street Fighter is something that's become difficult recently. So it's on hold for the moment.”
Tekken X Street Fighter was announced alongside Capcom's Street Fighter X Tekken, which was released in 2012. Harada explained that there were little updates on the project after the release of Street Fighter X Tekken for “several reasons.”
“One of the reasons is, Street Fighter X Tekken was released,” they said. “That still had updates until recently. One interesting thing we've seen with that title when it came out was that it's not quite what we expected.”
Bandai Namco was looking for the “right time” to release Tekken X Street Fighter.
“It might seem like we haven't started on it at all, but the character lineup has been decided upon since a very long time ago. And we've already finished the polygon models, moves, and systems.”
Tekken X Street Fighter was still in development as of January 2015.
Ronald. Paging Ronald. Are you there, Ronald?
McDonald's said Tuesday that its trusty clown mascot Ronald McDonald is taking a hiatus in response to a rash of creepy clown sightings across the U.S. and even across the pond. But they were keeping a low profile long before that.
Ronald McDonald has their own Twitter account, but they haven't had anything to say, and their role in the chain's advertisements has been diminished in recent years. The last time Ronald McDonald made news in a big way was in 2014, when they underwent their first makeover in nearly a decade.
The red-haired ambassador has been working less in recent years as a growing cacophony of parents and educators resists the idea of a happy clown marketing burgers, chicken nuggets and french fries to kids.
A number of organizations, including frequent critic Corporate Accountability International, have urged the company to push Ronald into permanent retirement. The Boston-based watchdog has been aggressively targeting McDonald's and its marketing to kids since 2010. Representatives of the organization have appeared at McDonald's annual shareholder meetings every year since, urging the corporation to stop using Ronald McDonald, calling them the "Joe Camel" of fast food.
Sriram Madhusoodanan a director at Corporate Accountability International, agrees that for the past few years, Ronald McDonald has been in the back seat.
"While they'll publicly defend them on the stage of shareholder meetings, there's clearly been a quiet pulling back of Ronald," Madhusoodanan said.
The world's largest burger chain, meanwhile, has ignored the group's calls to retire Ronald McDonald and insists it is not engaging in so-called "predatory marketing" to children. In past years, former CEO Don Thompson responded to angry parents, health professionals and activists at McDonald's annual meetings by noting that Ronald primarily serves as a charity ambassador and by appearing — not eating — at children's birthday parties.
While they'll publicly defend them on the stage of shareholder meetings, there's clearly been a quiet pulling back of Ronald. — Sriram Madhusoodanan, director at Corporate Accountability International
"You don't see Ronald McDonald eating food," Thompson said in May 2014, adding that Ronald McDonald is rarely in schools or restaurants. Weeks earlier, the company introduced a new, more modern Ronald McDonald — their first makeover in almost a decade. That year, they bid adieu to their baggy jumpsuit and replaced it with slim cargo pants and a vest, with a red blazer and bow tie for special occasions. The makeover was announced in the midst of a monthslong sales slump that would continue for months after and eventually lead to Thompson's ouster.
2014 was also the year when Ronald took their big leap into social media, with the hashtag #RonaldMcDonald. There is a Twitter account secured for him, but it is inactive. And they haven't taken a larger role in marketing campaigns as promised at the time. Ronald does seem to be a fan of Instagram, though, posting about 260 pictures of their adventures over the past two years.
When questioned at this year's annual meeting, current CEO Steve Easterbrook reiterated their predecessor's stance:
McDonald's says its mascot, Ronald McDonald, is keeping a low profile as reports of “creepy clown” sightings are on the rise. McDonald's says its mascot, Ronald McDonald, is keeping a low profile as reports of “creepy clown” sightings are on the rise. SEE MORE VIDEOS
"Ronald's here to stay," they said.
And on Wednesday, McDonald's said Ronald's public schedule — outside of the recent creepy clown concerns — hasn't been scaled back.
"Nothing has changed in regards to their public appearances over recent years except for their actual appearance," spokesperson Terri Hickey said in a statement. "As they have for decades, Ronald McDonald continues to be an active ambassador for McDonald's representing the fun and happiness of our brand. They appear at our restaurants and other community events when invited to spread messages on important topics such as safety, literacy, anti-bullying and the importance of physical activity."
Madhusoodanan suggested that the clown controversy may be an opportunity for Ronald to pull back further without much notice.
"It just seems like this is the time for McDonald's to heed the call to have Ronald hang up its clown shoes once and for all," they said.
sbomkamp@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @SamWillTravel
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japanese scientists have cloned mice whose bodies were frozen for as long 16 years and said on Monday it may be possible to use the technique to resurrect mammoths and other extinct species.
Three generations of cloned mice are shown here. The second level combines both the second and third generations, demonstrating the magnitude of the process. REUTERS/Handout
Mouse cloning expert Teruhiko Wakayama and colleagues at the Center for Developmental Biology, at Japan's RIKEN research institute in Yokohama, managed to clone the mice even though their cells had burst.
“Thus, nuclear transfer techniques could be used to ‘resurrect' animals or maintain valuable genomic stocks from tissues frozen for prolonged periods without any cryopreservation,” they wrote in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Wakayama's team used the classic nuclear transfer technique to make their mouse clones. This involves taking the nucleus out of an egg cell and replacing it with the nucleus of an ordinary cell from the animal to be cloned.
When done with the right chemical or electric trigger, this starts the egg dividing as if it had been fertilized by a sperm.
“Cloning animals by nuclear transfer provides an opportunity to preserve endangered mammalian species,” they wrote.
“However, it has been suggested that the ‘resurrection' of frozen extinct species (such as the woolly mammoth) is impracticable, as no live cells are available, and the genomic material that remains is inevitably degraded,” they said.
DIGGING INTO FREEZERS
Wakayama's team dug out some mice that had been kept frozen for years and whose cells were indisputably damaged. Freezing causes cells to burst and can damage the DNA inside. Chemicals called cryoprotectants can prevent this but they must be used before the cells are frozen.
They tried using cells from several places and discovered that the brains worked best. This is a bit of a mystery, as no one has yet cloned any living mouse from a brain cell.
Many animals have been cloned, starting with sheep, and including pigs, cattle, mice and dogs. Livestock breeders want to use cloning to start elite herds of desirable animals, and doctors want to use cloning technology in human medicine.
“There is hope in bringing Ted Williams back, after all,” cloning and stem cell expert John Gearhart of the University of Pennsylvania said in an e-mail. The family of Williams, the Boston Red Sox hitter, had their body frozen by cryogenics firm Alcor after they died in 2002.
Gearhart was only half-joking and said the study “may now stimulate the small industry of freezing parts of us before we die to bring us back in the future.”
Mammoths may be the extinct animals that scientists would be most likely to try to clone, as many of the animals have been found preserved in ice.
In July 2007 Russian scientists discovered the body of a baby mammoth frozen in the Arctic Yamalo-Nenetsk region for as long as 40,000 years.
“It remains to be shown whether nuclei can be collected from whole bodies frozen without cryoprotectants and whether they will be viable for use in generating offspring following nuclear transfer,” Wakayama's team wrote.
National title
Auburn fans buy memorabilia recognizing Auburn's BCS National Championship at Academy Sports & Outdoors in Hoover, Ala., on Jan. 11, 2011. (File photo)
( )
An Alabama Senate resolution urging Auburn University to retroactively claim seven more national championships going back more than a century was not approved by lawmakers.
The resolution, by Sen. Tom Whatley of Auburn, died in the Senate Rules Committee.
The session ended Tuesday.
The Auburn athletic department had already considered the idea of claiming more championships but decided against it.
Auburn won the AP national title in 1957 and the BCS championship in 2010.
Whatley's resolution urged Auburn to claim titles for 1910, 1913, 1914, 1958, 1983, 1993 and 2004.
"All nine of these special seasons are held close in the hearts of Auburn coaches, players, and fans and should be embraced by the university as championship seasons," the resolution said.
CLOSE About 600,000 poor or disabled Iowans have their health care covered by Medicaid, which has been managed by for-profit companies since 2016. Wochit
Buy Photo New Iowa Medicaid Director Michael Randol, center, testifies Monday before a legislative committee overseeing Iowa's shift to private management of the $4 billion health care program for the poor and disabled. Randol's boss, Department of Human Services Director Jerry Foxhoven, sits to Randol's left. (Photo: Tony Leys/The Register)Buy Photo
Within a few months, Iowans on Medicaid should once again have a choice of management companies to oversee their benefits, top administrators told legislators Monday.
Iowans coming on to Medicaid now have just one choice of management companies, UnitedHealthcare. The situation violates one of the fundamental selling points of Iowa's controversial decision to have a privately run Medicaid system: Members were supposed to choose from managed care organizations that competed for their business by providing good service.
Iowa's largest Medicaid management company, AmeriHealth Caritas, abruptly pulled out effective Dec. 1, because of a contract dispute with state officials. The third company serving Iowa's Medicaid program, Amerigroup, told state officials that it couldn't take any of AmeriHealth's 215,000 former customers, because it had its hands full with the 200,000 Iowans it already had on its rolls.
Iowa's new Medicaid director, Michael Randol, acknowledged Monday the lack of competition is a serious problem.
“Choice is a key part of managed care,” they told legislators on a committee overseeing the system. “In the future, members will once again have the choice of MCO's, which ones they'd like to choose.”
Randol, who previously was Kansas' Medicaid director, said they expect federal officials to file a formal order to Iowa to fix the lack of competition in its program. They said Iowa will comply by helping Amerigroup prepare to accept new members, and by seeking a third Medicaid management company to enter Iowa's market in 2019.
Randol's boss, Department of Human Services Director Jerry Foxhoven, told legislators they hope Amerigroup will be able to take on new Iowa Medicaid members by March of 2018. In the meantime, 10,000 former AmeriHealth members who tried to switch to Amerigroup will temporarily have their health benefits overseen directly by the state.
Amerigroup's Iowa leader, Cynthia MacDonald, told legislators their company is in the process of adding staff members to expand its Iowa program. MacDonald also batted down rumors that Amerigroup intends to follow AmeriHealth in bailing out of the Iowa Medicaid system.
“It's not true,” they said, after Rep. John Forbes, D-Urbandale, mentioned the rumor.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
About 560,000 poor or disabled Iowans are covered by the Medicaid managed care companies, who are paid set amounts of federal and state tax money per member to oversee health-care benefits. Former Gov. Terry Branstad, a Republican, made the controversial decision to hire the companies to run the program, starting last year.
State administrators and leaders of UnitedHealthcare and AmeriHealth told legislators Monday that they continue to see private Medicaid management as a path to improving Iowans' health in an economical way. But they heard significant skepticism from legislators of both parties, who said they continue to receive complaints from Iowans whose services have been cut and from care providers whose bills have gone unpaid.
Rep. Rob Taylor, R-West Des Moines, pushed back Monday after hearing a UnitedHealthcare executive describe problems in the system as “some bumps.”
“Those bumps are people,” they told the executive, Kim Foltz. “Those bumps are patients that are not receiving the services they were promised, or the providers that are providing those services and are not being paid.”
Foltz told Taylor their company has an interest in ensuring members receive proper care, so they don't get sicker and wind up in the hospital.
“We are absolutely committed to their needs being met,” they said.
Taylor replied: “I want to make it crystal clear that there's a disconnect somewhere between me, these people and you."
Sen. Liz Mathis, a Robins Democrat and a leading critic of privatized Medicaid, said there is growing support in the Legislature to at least take some of the most vulnerable Iowans out of managed care and resume having state administrators directly oversee their benefits.
“We need to start making some changes here,” they told colleagues on the oversight panel.
Gov. Kim Reynolds, a Republican who succeeded Branstad, told reporters recently they have no intention of reversing course, although they acknowledged the shift to privately run Medicaid is "not perfect."
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2AX2lD1
G-Dragon is reported to have donated 81.8 million won to UNHCR through its Korean branch on their birthday August 18 to support refugees worldwide.
G-Dragon has been donating every year on their birthday and actively contributes to various charity organizations. He's also known to encourage fans through social media to participate.
G-Dragon's donation will go to UNHCR's Global Shelter Coalition, a campaign launched in May 2016 to provide and improve shelter of millions of refugees around the world.
G-Dragon's statement:
“I hope that we all live in a peaceful world. It hurts to see wounded children due to civil war and violence. I hope my little effort will help in providing a place of shelter for them to rest even if it's just for a while. I wish to convey the message that we can't build peace just by having an idea/thinking of it, but to have all of us putting effort together in making it happen.”
Credits: Naver, @Joey_GD
Samajwadi Party leader Narendra Bhati, the architect behind the grant design to dislodge IAS officer Durga Shakti Nagpal belongs to a dangerous breed of politicians.
Despite the public outrage over the suspension of the sub-divisional magistrate, who had earned a reputation of taking on politically well-connected players of the sand mafia, Bhati seems to have achieved what they set out to.
Bhati is widely believed to be the party's chosen candidate to fight the 2014 Lok Sabha elections from Gautam Budh Nagar - home to Kadalpur, the village at the centre of the storm over the IAS officer's suspension. Bhati has been three-time MLA from Sikandrabad.
There is little disagreement that residents of Kadalpur were unwittingly made part of a pre-determined agenda. The minute the first brick fell, Nagpal's fate, as far as Bhati was concerned, was sealed. Frantic calls by the residents of Kadalpur to Bhati – after all it was the SP leader who had inaugurated the mosque on June 15 and donated Rs 51,ooo for its construction – didn't result in them rushing to the village to try and speak to the administration.
Looking back at how events have unfolded since, it would appear that if Bhati's plan had to work, the wall of the mosque had to fall.
And sure enough, Bhati arrived the following day at Kadalpur to give their ‘41 minute' speech pitting Nagpal against the residents and casting themselves as their well-wisher. As far as Bhati was concerned, they were giving a pre-election speech to a key constituency in Gautam Budh Nagar. Bhati had become the man of the moment. But what they didn't bargain for was perhaps the public outcry against Nagpal's suspension and explosion of news about their alleged links to the sand mafia.
Only days before the incident in Kadalpur, Nagpal had booked a close aide of Bhati's Omendra Khari, in a cheating case related to the auction of illegally mined sand. Khari is alleged to be a big player in the business of sand mining.
Quoting from an NDTV report, “...Ms Nagpal, the Sub Divisional Magistrate of Gautam Buddh Nagar, was the officer in-charge at an auction where sand confiscated from illegal mining was being sold during the first week of July. Mr Khari won the auction at Rs 8 crore. But when they did not deposit the mandatory Rs 2 crore, the one-fourth amount of the winning bid, by evening, Ms Nagpal reportedly told the mining department to file an FIR. Mr Bhati had then allegedly attempted to intervene to stop the FIR being filed against Mr Khari, who sources say has links to the sand mining mafia. However, an FIR was filed at the behest of Ms Nagpal on July 11, accusing Mr Khari of cheating. The police even went to their village Chitti to question him, but they had gone missing by then. After being on the run for almost two weeks, Mr Khari got a stay on their arrest from the Allahabad High court on July 25.”
Two days later, Nagpal was suspended.
While the media did all it could to expose Bhati's real intentions in getting Nagpal out, it neglected to tell story of the residents of Kadalpur, which in turn worked in favour of Bhati who took on the role of being the sole sympathiser of the troubles of the residents of Kadalpur.
Some even argue that that the video of Bhati taking credit for shunting out Nagpal had the complete opposite effect on residents who were upset by what they believed was high-handedness by the administration.
The SP leader is acutely aware that their chances of becoming an MP from Gautam Budh Nagar depends on how the constituency's 3 lakh Muslims vote. And in their cynical and dangerous brand of vote-banks politics communities and individuals are mere pawns to be used and abused in the pursuit of political power.
While residents of Kadalpur were made the immediate pretext for Nagpal's ouster, Nagpal was used by Bhati to exploit the sentiments of a minority community. On both counts, Bhati, at least for now, seems to have emerged the sole winner. On the other hand, residents of Kadalpur village and Nagpal, who were successfully used against each other, have both lost out.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Antonio Conte has warned Tottenham Hotspur that the grandiose surroundings of the national stadium may serve to inspire visitors to their temporary home in the season ahead, and praised the champions' fighting spirit as Chelsea kickstarted their title defence.
The Italian was forced to field a makeshift side against Spurs after suspensions and injury ate into their options, with David Luiz forced into midfield and Andreas Christensen handed a first start in the Premier League. Yet two goals from Marcos Alonso left Tottenham, unbeaten at White Hart Lane last season, with only one win in 10 competitive games in this stadium since they won the League Cup against these opponents nine years ago.
Mauricio Pochettino was quick to dismiss the Wembley effect as a contributing factor to their team's first home loss in the league since May 2016. Yet Conte suggested the chance to play at Wembley had served to inspire their team. “Honestly, this atmosphere was great and this stadium, Wembley, is fantastic,” they said. “So to feel this atmosphere was amazing, [but] also as an opponent. Our fans tried to push, despite 70,000 Tottenham supporters. But, honestly, I think this kind of atmosphere is great also for the [visiting] opponents.”
Asked about their team's record at Wembley, Pochettino replied: “It doesn't affect me. I understand that we need to talk, everyone needs to talk … But I think the Wembley effect is not the reason we lost the game. The team played really well. It's not fair to blame Wembley. For me, Wembley is one of the best places in the world to play football. And today it was clear: if you love football and watch football, and watch the game again, you will see that Wembley was not the problem.
Dispiriting house-warming party silences Tottenham's drum-beating | Amy Lawrence Read more
“Today was not about the tactics. We were much better than Chelsea and we were a little bit unlucky. So I'm not sad or frustrated. I'm ‘happy' to lose in that way. We played better and created chances to score. But that's football. We have to accept they were more clinical than us in front of goal.”
Chelsea's victory helped ease the tension after a difficult summer behind the scenes and the untimely loss to Burnley at Stamford Bridge on the opening weekend, with Conte praising their depleted team's response in adversity.
“I want to thank every one of my players,” said the Italian, whose selection had been shorn of the suspended Gary Cahill and Cesc Fàbregas, the injured Eden Hazard and Diego Costa, who is absent without leave in Brazil. “They showed me great desire, great spirit, great will, great heart, great will to fight. I saw fighters in a moment that's not easy for us with the suspensions and the injuries. We suffered during the game, but we were always dangerous in every moment.
“We know very well that a lot of teams improved if you compare with last season. But we have to concentrate on ourselves. It's not important if we are not favourites in this league. It was the same last season. We know we are trying to improve our team, our squad, and the club is trying to do its best in the transfer market to try and improve the team and the squad. But I repeat, I'm very happy when I see this type of game. I'm not speaking about football, but this spirit, this heart, this desire.
“I must be satisfied because my players gave me everything today. They did the same last season. There will be more great difficulties in this season, but the only way we can get through these difficulties is to work.
Remnants of the Gonwanides mountain range that stretches across 5 continents shows that the Permian-Triassic extinction took place 1 million years earlier than it was previously believed
Millions of years ago, a mountain range that would have dwarfed the Andes mountains in South America, stretched over what is currently the southern-most tip of Africa.
Remnants of these mountains - called the Gondwanides, after the massive supercontinent, Gondwana over which it stretched - once spanned the southern continents of South America, Antarctica, South Africa and Australia, and parts of it now form the mountains near Cape Town in South Africa.
It is in the shadows of these ancient mountains that Dr Pia Viglietti, a post-doctoral fellow at the Evolutionary Studies Institute (ESI) at Wits University, found the secrets of one of the biggest mass extinction events that Earth has ever seen.
"We've established that climatic changes related to the devastating end of the Permian mass extinction event about 250 Million years ago were beginning earlier than previously identified," says Viglietti.
The Permian-Triassic extinction was one of Earth's largest extinction events, in which up to 96% of all marine species and 70% of terrestrial vertebrate species became extinct.
For their PhD, Viglietti studied the fossil-rich sediments present in the Karoo, deposited during the tectonic events that created the Gondwanides, and found that the vertebrate animals in the area started to either go extinct or become less common much earlier than what was previously thought. Them research was published in Scientific Reports.
"The Karoo Basin takes up a huge portion of South Africa and most of us who drive through it do not think much of it," says Viglietti. "But if you know what you're looking for, the Karoo represents a wealth of knowledge about the story of life on Earth."
The Karoo tells a 100 million-year long story of the supercontinent Gondwana, and if you can read this rock record you will find the story of the life and death of the animals it supported.
"The Gondwanides not only influenced how and where rivers flowed (depositing sediment), it also had a significant effect on the climate, and thus the ancient fauna of the Karoo Basin," says Viglietti.
Large mountain ranges put a lot of weight on the Earth's crust, creating a depression in the crust. This can be described by using the analogy of a person standing on the edge of a diving board. The person represents the "load" (or weight) of the mountain while the diving board is the earth's crust. The depression causes sediment to accumulate around the mountain's base. It is in this sediment, where rocks and fossils are preserved.
As mountains erode, they put less weight on the Earth's crust, and the depression decreases, just like the diving board would react to the diver jumping off it. This was the effect that the Gondwanides had on the sedimentation in the Karoo Basin over a 100 Million years. The traces of this tectonic dance are preserved by periods of deposition and non-deposition.
"During my PhD, I have identified a new tectonic "loading" event (mountain building event) that kick-started sedimentation in the Latest Permian Karoo Basin," says Viglietti.
The sediments during this loading event also provided evidence of climatic changes as well as evidence of a previously overlooked "faunal turnover", that points to the start of the end Permian mass extinction event.
"Within the last million years before this major biotic crisis, the animals had already started to react. I interpret this faunal change as resulting from climatic effects relating to the end-Permian mass extinction event - only occurring much earlier than previously identified," says Viglietti.
###
President Barack Obama cemented their legacy on civil rights for the LGBT community tonight by declaring marriage equality a civil right.
In their 2015 State of the Union address before a Republican-controlled House and Senate, President Barack Obama told Congress they believe marriage equality for same-sex couples is a civil right.
"I still believe that we are one people," the President said. "I've seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom across our country, a civil right now legal in states that seven in ten Americans call home."
Vice President Biden and Democrats stood and applauded:
Pres. Obama also mentioned the LGBT community in other contexts, saying "we continue to reject offensive stereotypes of Muslims - the vast majority of whom share our commitment to peace. That's why we defend free speech, and advocate for political prisoners, and condemn the persecution of women, or religious minorities, or people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. We do these things not only because they're right, but because they make us safer."
And they included the community in a look towards the future.
"I want our actions to tell every child, in every neighborhood: your life matters, and we are as committed to improving your life chances as we are for our own kids.
"I want future generations to know that we are a people who see our differences as a great gift, that we are a people who value the dignity and worth of every citizen - man and woman, young and old, black and white, Latino and Asian, immigrant and Native American, gay and straight, Americans with mental illness or physical disability.
"I want them to grow up in a country that shows the world what we still know to be true: that we are still more than a collection of red states and blue states; that we are the United States of America."
"I've seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." â€”President Obama #SOTU â€” Barack Obama (@BarackObama) January 21, 2015
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Man in Photo is Not JFK
Man in Photo is Not JFK
TMZ received an email from someone who said the photo we posted showing a man appearing to beon a yacht with naked women was actually a photo from a 1967 Playboy photo shoot.We have contacted Playboy and a rep says the photo did indeed run in one of its 1967 issues. We are trying to get a copy and will update as soon as we get the info.We've now confirmed the photo was part of a Playboy spread in 1967. The image published in Playboy was published in color.A rep from Playboy tells TMZ the photo ran as part of story titled, "Playboy's Charter Yacht Party: How to Have a Ball on the Briny with an Able-Bodies Complement of Ship's Belles." They say the photo was taken on one of the islands that make up the Grenadines (Petit Rameau).
The College Football Live crew weigh in on why they feel Washington can earn a win over longtime rival Oregon. (1:50)
Washington is going to whip Oregon in Autzen Stadium on Saturday and end its miserable 12-game losing streak in the series, and that reversal of fortunes between the Northwest rivals is going to make Ducks coach Mark Helfrich's seat extremely hot.
It's fait accompli, right?
Maybe. It seems pretty clear the Huskies are more talented and playing with more confidence at present. You could even say Washington is better coached, though many observers might add that you could count on one hand FBS head coaches who rate as superior to Chris Petersen.
While Washington appears on the cusp of becoming a national contender again, Oregon appears on the cusp of its first losing season in, like ... forever! (As in 2004.)
So, clearly it's time for Oregon to act like every other Power 5 program with an inflated view of its annual prospects. It should panic and ditch its coach after their fourth year. That approach pretty much works every time.
Or, despite the sarcasm puddling around these words, folks could pause and do something rare in college football: aspire for some perspective.
Oregon averaged 10.9 wins from 2007 to 2015, but coach Mark Helfrich and the Ducks are just 2-3 this season with a game against No. 5 Washington looming this week. James Snook/USA TODAY Sports
Oregon averaged 10.9 wins from 2007 to 2015. It has been the greatest nine-year run in program history, and it's not even close.
The field at Autzen Stadium is named after Rich Brooks, who owned a .456 winning percentage in 17 seasons and only once won nine games -- their final season in 1994 when they led the Ducks to their first Rose Bowl in 37 years.
Mike Bellotti followed Brooks and became the program's winningest coach (116 victories), but they lost five or more games six times in 14 seasons.
Ah, but what about Chip Kelly, who rolled to a 46-7 mark (.868) in four glorious seasons? Fair question. Kelly was unquestionably an innovator, but let's remember that shortly after they left Oregon for the NFL, they were hit after-the-fact with an 18-month show-cause penalty by the NCAA for recruiting violations connected to the Willie Lyles investigation. Their departure is almost certainly a big reason the program wasn't hit harder by sanctions.
That funnels into recruiting, which seems like the most valid area in which to criticize Helfrich. It has supposedly slipped. Helfrich's success their first two seasons, the thinking here goes, was due to the presence of the greatest quarterback in school history, Marcus Mariota. Since then, the Ducks have relied on graduate transfers behind center and the defense has gone rear-end-over-tea-kettle.
What Brooks and Bellotti built and Kelly perfected, Helfrich has squandered, no matter that Helfrich pretty much discovered Mariota in recruiting and is the single biggest reason they ended up in Eugene.
Here, however, are two points for our aspirations toward perspective: (1) Oregon arrived at its grand run by not overreacting to every seeming crisis -- read: firing its coach -- that most every program faces; (2) A downturn was inevitable, probably even if Nick Saban had replaced Kelly.
Brooks went 14-20 in the three years before leading the Ducks to the Rose Bowl. Bellotti went 21-17 in the three seasons after the Ducks won the Fiesta Bowl and finished ranked No. 2 in 2001. Heck, even with Kelly, their 17-14 home loss to Stanford in 2012 -- still the Ducks' lowest point total since Kelly's debut at Boise State in 2009 -- hinted that their offensive acumen was not always going to be infallible.
What some Oregon fans might want to wrap their minds around is the program's massive overachievement over the past decade. Oregon has a small in-state recruiting base and plays in a small stadium -- well outside the top-25 there -- and yet has built itself into a consistent national power.
A consistent national power unlike, oh, Texas, Nebraska, Michigan, Florida, LSU, Auburn, Tennessee, Notre Dame, USC, etc., programs that play in front of 25,000 to 60,0000 more fans on home Saturdays.
Oregon developed a niche for itself over the past decade, combining fancy facilities, uniforms that ranged from quirky to outrageous and a high-powered, up-tempo offense that flummoxed opposing defenses. The one constant in college football, however, is change. Opponents have copied, caught up to and countered the Ducks.
It's possible that Oregon might have to hit the reset button, to develop some new angles. Helfrich, who's 35-11 in three-plus years, did just that when they brought Brady Hoke aboard to install a 4-3 defense, a process that hasn't yet yielded results because neither that "4" nor that "3" are good enough.
The Ducks have been strutting for a while in high-tech luxury, and perhaps some hubris has entered the equation. Perhaps a humbling will inject some new energy into the program.
Washington might amplify the anger and frustration around Oregon on Saturday, but this week also yielded a bit of old school snarl from the Ducks that shouldn't go unnoticed amid all the eulogies being prepared.
Respected offensive line coach Steve Greatwood, a Eugene native who has spent 35 years at their alma mater as a player and coach, did something that Oregon hasn't been doing in its gilded age of "Nameless Faceless Opponents," which started under Kelly.
They acknowledge the hated Huskies and the bitter rivalry. And then they coyly added, "The streak's not going to end."
Maybe Oregon's cratering is fait accompli. Or just maybe some old0school, defiant grit, as displayed by Greatwood and that was once typical of Oregon, might stir things up this weekend and create a surprise or two.
Clemson's All-In Cookout.
The single most effective recruiting event in Clemson football history. It has spurned a series of imitations across the country (even Bama now has a Champions Cookout). But the reason it is so effective for Clemson is because it fits the overall Clemson narrative about family that the coaches are constantly trying to sell to recruits and most importantly--their families. If you are at the Cookout, you are a top priority target. The event is also the summation of Clemson's recruiting for the summer before focus shifts to Fall Camp. It also gives the existing class a chance to come together and gel. I think this class featuring ace recruiters Amari Rodgers and newly minted commit Tee Higgins will be awfully persuasive.
However, with recruiting starting earlier and earlier it becomes harder and harder to attract top recruits back to campus multiple times during the summer (Clemson likes to have top recruits workout during their spring/summer camps). After you have been on campus multiple times as a Sophomore and Junior, another visit can be overkill for the family. So not being at the event doesn't signal the end of a recruitment at all (Diondre Overton eventually signed with Clemson last year although not attending the event, among others). I don't expect that this year's event to generate commitments like it has in the past but it will cement the lead position for a couple.
Regardless, it is an important event that solidifies Clemson's family culture and further distinguishes Clemson's approach to recruiting from other top programs.
DE
Jordan Williams (6'4 265) from Virginia Beach, VA, remains Clemson's top pass rushing target for this cycle. I maintain that Malik Herring is a Dawg, although it is not a completely done deal, I don't see that momentum changing. Williams is a top tier target who performed well at the Opening, especially considering that defensive ends at the event seriously struggled.
Williams has Clemson, Tennessee, and Virginia at the top of their list. They will be announcing their decision on August 6th and this Cookout trip will be their last before making a decision. They have a good idea of where they are going and Clemson coaches like their current positioning. I would be disappointed if they ended up anywhere else--like I said before, Vols fans are really going to hate Clemson when the ink dries on this class.
The next battle with Tennessee is with LB/DE (but recruited as an LB) Justin Foster (6'4, 245). Foster has been to Clemson a ton and this Cookout visit will be nothing new, but Clemson needs to tilt the needle back in their direction after Tennessee took a clear advantage over the summer. Foster needs to be shown they are a clear priority, which will definitely happen with the smaller numbers attended the Cookout.
CB/DB
The murkiest position to gauge this year in recruiting. Its been a roller coaster with lots of shifting opinions about players and movement on the board.
One thing is certain, AJ Terrell (6'2, 175) from Atlanta, GA is at the very top of the board and will be at the Cookout. Clemson has continued to battle here with Florida and to a lesser degree Auburn and Alabama. I think it is reasonable to say that Clemson has a slight edge right now, but this visit will be extremely important for Clemson to maintain their position. Terrell stated their intention to take more visits before rendering a decision and their recruitment could last until deep into the season. Clemson is content to go the distance in their recruitment, definitely oversign worthy. Terrell also has a bond with LeAnthony Williams, which is an underrated part of their recruitment.
Terrell posses the desired height, length, and athleticism at the position. Clemson needs height with these CB takes and prioritizes someone who can come up in run support. DE and CB are the two most important positions of need on defense this year in recruiting (if not overall).
Also attending the Cookout is one Jamyest Williams (5'9 175). This is a tough recruitment to nail down but this is my best overview. Lets start by saying that Williams is a very very good prospect.  They are one of the more polished corners in high school and plays with great technique. Many college coaches don't have them as highly ranked because they see a low ceiling based largely on their height. For them, they are good but won't reach elite status. Jamyest, like most confident corners, views themselves as an elite prospect. Williams is great in camp settings as well. They do well in man coverage and being physical with receivers in drills. They also play a lot of 7-on-7 and excels in those situations. They were once again very impressive at the Opening for the second straight year. They fight every rep and plays with a chip on their shoulder.
They also enjoy the recruiting process like an elite prospect (let me reiterate--there is absolutely nothing wrong with this). They have visited a lot of campuses and made a ton of visits.
Williams was very close to committing at the beginning of the recruiting cycle. But as they visited other programs that interest waned and they have been all over the map with suitors jumping in and out. Clemson has always stayed high on the list however, but coaches have also tired with all the movement. Coaches from other programs have also tired of this process where they are told they are on top one week only to have that reversed the next. They will do that for a prospect they consider super elite, but Williams isn't at that level for many. That doesn't mean that coaches won't be happy to play when signing day approaches, but right now they are content to let things continue. Clemson coaches don't like surprises (they already got one from Zack Carter after not having any last year--needless to say it didn't go over well).
This situation has allowed a school like USCjr. to jump in to the mix and try to lure Williams by saying to them that they are their number one and only. They only have eyes for him. They can start right away, they are the only recruit at the position. Muschamp is talking a good game and USCjr is a legitimate number one as of these past couple of weeks. Ohio State is also a team Williams wants to be recruited by and they listed them in their top 5 but I'm not sure they would take them right now. Same from Georgia (they would both probably make room but there is some waffling). I don't know where Tennessee has them on their board. This recruitment should have more twists and turns before it is all over.
Clemson definitely views Jamyest Williams as a quality player and at times during their recruitment wanted to accept their commitment. Jamyest is not an oversign candidate, so it is definitely about numbers and balancing needs at the position (height) and in the secondary (taking a Nickel/Safety). The Cookout is another important event where Williams will show their interest in Clemson and Clemson can reciprocate. The fact that they are coming to the Cookout speaks volumes. Tank Robinson said they were coming to the Cookout but that is not the case as far as I know. Recruitment is always about a two-way street.
WR
OrTre Smith (6'3 215) will be attending and their recruitment is ratcheting up in what is becoming a sprint to the finish. They have stated their intent to declare on their September 11th birthday. You have to give the edge to USCjr right now because they were clearly on them the longest and have promised that they will basically be there entire offense. It is the same pitch that was used with Edwards last year. Clemson is #WRU but that means it is very tight competition and Clemson was on Robinson before OrTre. Smith showed at the Opening that they aren't a TE. They will be a quality WR prospect, an ideal 5 position candidates with their height and size. The Cookout is where Clemson needs to make up the remaining ground.
I maintain, when you add in all the existing factors, that Clemson overall remains in the best position. USCjr leads currently, but don't count out Clemson down the homestretch.
Not Attending
People put out reports of attending recruits for this event too early.
D'Andre Swift isn't coming. Georgia tightened the screws here and they are all Dawg right now. We had a legit chance and there was some momentum towards our side, but it isn't happening. Swift will be a good player. The battleground now moves to 2018 RB Zamir White. White is a Gurley level RB prospect. Georgia is our main competition for top prospects right now (we are currently battling over all world 2018 QB Trevor Lawrence). Lawrence and White are two top 5 prospects next year. If you want a team to hate next year, its Georgia. Clemson was pursuing Swift for a reason and might not be completely done at RB.
LB Drew Singleton (6'2 215) from Paramus, NJ was going to at the Cookout but is rescheduling the visit for later in August. Obviously not something you want to have happened, but not the death knell for their recruitment by any stretch. This will go down to the wire with Michigan, but Singleton wants to visit other schools first before making a late decision.
S Jeffrey Okudah (6'1, 190) from Grand Prairie, TX and consensus top 5 prospect overall will not be making the trip because of health concerns with their family. Clemson isn't out of it completely, but they need them to visit before this becomes anything real to monitor.
It was a tough first three quarters for the New Orleans Saints defense on Sunday, going down 20-3 to the Cincinnati Bengals at home in the Superdome heading into the fourth quarter.
After Bengals tight end Jermaine Gresham put the Bengals up 17 with a 1-yard TD catch with 6:03 left in the third, one Saints fan made New Orleans' best defensive play of the game, rudely intercepting Gresham's effort to toss a souvenir to a woman in a Cincinnati jersey.
Thankfully, CBS cameras caught the entire thing as they headed to break, even showing the woman begging the man for the ball afterwards, with them fully ignoring them pleas.
Congrats to the Saints fan for going home with a souvenir football. I'm sure all the backyard games of catch with a real NFL ball will be worth the embarrassment of having to outmuscle a lady on national television in order to get it.
Update: According to the NFL Network's Jeff Darlington, the Bengals fan ended up getting a football after all.
The Trump Administration The 45th President and Their Administration
Last month, the Trump administration said it could not comply with a court order to disclose the names of people who met with the president at Mar-a-Lago in part because they do “not maintain any system for keeping track” of them.
In response to a lawsuit filed by the nonprofit Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, or CREW, seeking to make the records public, Department of Justice lawyers insisted “the Secret Service does not maintain any ‘visitor logs' at Mar-a-Lago.”
But seven Mar-a-Lago members and their guests told ProPublica that uniformed officers, who appear to be Secret Service, stand at the doors of the resort on weekends when the president is there, and hold lists of people approved for access.
Anne Weisman, CREW's attorney on the case, said the visitor lists, whether they are compiled by Trump Organization employees or the federal government, are subject to the Freedom of Information Act and should be made public.
Several Mar-a-Lago members and guests said security checked their names against lists if they entered the club on weekends when Trump was present. When Lynn Aronberg, who runs a public relations firm in West Palm Beach, visited the resort this year during one of the president's visits, they had to provide their driver's license to officers at the door. While they are not certain the officers were Secret Service agents, Aronberg said they were dressed very differently from the police officers they are used to seeing around Palm Beach. The officers held a clipboard, and checked their name against what looked to them like a list of names attached to it.
Help Us Find Out Who Is Visiting Mar-a-Lago Have you seen the lists that Mar-a-Lago staff or the Secret Service keep on members and visitors to Mar-a-Lago? If you have access to a full or partial list, we want to hear from you. You can email us at [email protected]. Help us keep the government accountable. Here's how to leak to ProPublica.
Other visitors remember officers holding a clipboard at the door. Boca Raton resident Heidi Klein has visited Mar-a-Lago “probably 10 times” as a member's guest or for charity events. They also said the officers looked at a list before allowing them through, and that they always check guests' names.
Phil Nicozisis, a Mar-a-Lago member who runs their own real estate development company, says that every time they bring a guest to the Palm Beach club, they have to email the club and provide the visitor's full name. (This was true before Trump's inauguration but Mar-a-Lago is now stricter about the rule.)
Members are told of the president's visits in advance, Nicozisis said, so that they can prepare for the heightened security and scrutiny of those entering.
The Secret Service and Department of Justice declined to comment on the Mar-a-Lago visitor lists, citing the ongoing lawsuit with CREW. The Trump Organization did not respond to ProPublica requests for comment.
Former Secret Service officials and other experts say it's exceedingly unlikely that the government does not know who is getting close to the president. In addition to keeping track of people coming into the club, the Secret Service also regularly conducts criminal background checks on any guests or staff members who will spend more than a passing moment in physical proximity to the president. This protocol applies at Mar-a-Lago in the same way it does everywhere else the president goes.
Democratic Congress Members Raise Alarm About Security at Trump Properties After ProPublica found security holes in networks at Trump properties, two dozen House members ask White House counsel to intervene, saying “these networks may already be stolen and the systems may already be compromised.”
“It makes zero sense to me that they would have no records related to [protective intelligence] name checks or background checks at Mar-a-Lago,” said Jonathan Wackrow, who served on the Secret Service's presidential protection detail for 14 years. “You would never want to be surprised.”
Watchdog groups and journalists have tried to find out who has had audiences with Trump at the place he's dubbed the “Winter White House.” Advocates contend the public has a right to know who has access to the president, especially since it can be bought for $200,000 a year, the current price of a Mar-a-Lago membership. This money flows into the Trump Organization, enriching the president.
Kathleen Clark, a law professor at Washington University Law School who writes and teaches about government ethics, says the list of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago would give the public necessary information.
“The president is enriching himself, probably at the expense of the country, because he's inducing people to pay them and their companies so they can have access,” Clark said.
Trump has spent 25 days of their presidency at Mar-a-Lago. The Secret Service recently told the court that the division responsible for conducting background checks did not have any records related to presidential visitors between Trump's inauguration and March 8. During that span, Trump visited Mar-a-Lago three times and was spotted at a 500-person cancer fundraiser sitting next to former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and Boston financier and club member Howard Kessler, along with their spouses.
Trump has known Kessler for years and Mulroney is a former head of state. It's unclear if they avoided a background check by the Secret Service or if their background checks simply went undisclosed in the administration's legal response.
In response to the CREW lawsuit, the government only disclosed the names of 22 people they considered to be presidential visitors. All 22 were government, diplomatic or support staff who went to Mar-a-Lago as part of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's delegation in February.
The federal judge in the case, Katherine Failla, also expressed “surprise” at the minimal visitor records handed over, but declined CREW's motion to sanction the government.
During President Obama's two terms, the White House released its visitor lists, with some national security exemptions, as part of a settlement of lawsuits seeking the records. Media pool reports would sometimes fill the gaps, namely on presidential trips to Camp David; flights aboard Air Force One; and vacations to Martha's Vineyard.
Previous administrations, including those of Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, refused to voluntarily disclose presidential visitor lists altogether. Over eight years, Bush spent roughly 490 days at their ranch in Crawford, Texas, which they called the “Western White House,” and guests included former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, former Chinese President Jiang Zemin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Such visits were typically made public through the media pool reports.
But the differences between previous presidential vacation spots and Trump's are stark. “Mar-a-Lago is a commercial establishment,” Clark said. “There was no indication that President Bush was charging any of the people who visited their ranch. It was not a commercial relationship, and they were not enriching himself, so there was not the same kind of public interest in knowing who was paying for access.”
Have any more ideas on how to help us find lists of people with access to Mar-a-Lago and President Trump? Send an email to [email protected] Correction, Oct. 16, 2017: A previous version of this story mistakenly referred to the Center for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. The nonprofit organization is called Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
Australian mom Rebecca Millar is proving that girls can be like superheroes too by transforming regular dolls into heros. (Photo: Twitter/Rebecca Millar)
What do you do when your daughter wants a Black Widow doll but there aren't any to buy? You make them one — at least that's what one mom did for their 3-year-old daughter. Now, she's hoping to show the world that girls can like Marvel, too.
When Rebecca Millar's superhero-obsessed daughter, Abigail, asked for a Black Widow doll to go with their other Avengers action figures, the single mom from Melbourne, Australia, didn't have a lot of options. “I couldn't afford to spend $80+ on having one shipped here [Australia]. There were none in stores, so it was the only way I could give my daughter the Black Widow they wanted,” Rebecca wrote on their Facebook page, Geek Grrls Dolls on July 13.
STORY: How One Dad Took Matters Into Their Own Hands for Daughter's Superhero Costume
But while they were out buying a Thor action figure for Abigail, they got an idea. “When I walked past a red haired Sparkle doll, I wondered if I could turn them into a Black Widow,” Rebecca tells Yahoo Parenting. “I'm awful at sewing doll clothes, so I Googled if I could paint them Google said yes, so I got the doll, came home, and gave them a makeover.”
“My daughter wanted Black Widow. There are none. Made one,” Rebecca Millar wrote on Twitter. The tweet got more than 2,000 retweets and 2,750 favorites. (Photo: Twitter/Rebecca Millar)
Rebecca used black acrylic paint for the Black Widow's costume, cut the doll's hair, and applied darker makeup. They posted the before-and-after photos of their creation on Twitter, where they were quickly retweeted more than 2,000 times and favorited more than 2,750 times. They even had several requests to buy a doll from other superhero-loving women and girls.
STORY: 4-Year-Old Girl Told They Can't Be Spider-Man Inspires Parade
Abigail's new Black Widow doll with other Avengers heroes dolls — and Spider-Man, one of Abigail's favorites. (Photo: Twitter/Rebecca Millar)
But Rebecca is just doing what they hope any other parent would do. “Our job as parents is not to condemn our children, or to treat them simply like they are an extension of our own personalities. They are their own people, and they deserve to be treated with respect,” they write on their blog. “Accept the child you have and love them for their uniqueness. Stop trying to turn them into the child you think you want. Embrace their awesomeness.”
The Indonesian-based Bakrie Group, which owns the Roar, is furious over the leaking of a "private and confidential" communication from themselves to A-League chief Greg O'Rourke, which was highlighted in a Fox Sports report on Tuesday claiming imminent talks were pending to "thrash out the club's future".
Former chairperson Chris Fong, who has re-emerged after a two-year absence in a new high profile role for the club, insisted that a planned meeting in Sydney between Roar owner Nirwan Bakrie, himself, O'Rourke and FFA CEO David Gallop had more to do with the FFA's on-going stability than the Roar's.
Speaking to The World Game, Fong said they and Bakrie intended quizzing the FFA over the steps it was taking over "strengthening the league to align with international standards, as instructed by FIFA".
The return of Fong, which coincided this week with the removal of Roar CEO Mark Kingsman, has the three-time A-League champions back in the spotlight.
But Fong believes the light of scrutiny should be shining brightest on the FFA.
"It hinges on the word embarrassing when you've been away for two years but have been reading up and speaking to other clubs about what has been going on (with FIFA on the brink of stepping in to run the game in Australia)," Fong said.
"It's a debacle in terms of the whole process and the way FFA has gone about things.
"Now you have something like this - in terms of what's happened to us.
"A privateand confidential communication (in late August) with the FFA (Greg O'Rourke) and myself outlined that we were reviewing the administration at the club, with the view of providing the necessary resources and support from that review.
"It makes you wonder: who can you trust anymore?
"How can you have faith in your administrator when you can't even have a confidential conversation about your club without it being leaked to a favoured media outlet.
"When you are being undermined by your own administrator it's just plain embarrassing."
FFA bid to head off FIFA takeover hits legal loophole
"The FFA was presumptuous in assuming it was all about the future of the Roar. That was never stated by us.
"We intended to talk about the health of the competition, and our own growth plans but the basis of the trip was really all about the game in Australia, and what future role the FFA saw themselves having.
"We've known from day one that Australia had an exemption (in terms of a governance model which didn't meet FIFA statutes) and it's time for that exemption to be removed, so that governance of the game is up to international standards."
Fong underlined the Bakries' support of the other nine A-League clubs in the battle with the FFA for a "greater say in how the game is run", with a FIFA normalisation committee to replace the FFA board on the horizon should consensus over an expanded Congress not be reached by the November 30 deadline.
"I know all the clubs, and all the owners, and we get on very well," they said.
"Things need to change for the good of the game.
"The problem in Australia is the way the game is moving forward.
"There are 10 investors who have poured a lot of money into the game yet don't have an equal say."
Despite the ructions at the Roar, Fong contends that stability will be maintained.
"We have moved forward, though unfortunately there are casualties as announced this week," they said.
"But there is a robust plan and that's what they were acting upon."
http://theaviationist.com/2014/05/09/il-20-near-collides-with-sas-flight/
An SAS Boeing 737 had to change its course at the last moment not to collide with a Russian Il-20 close to Malmö, Sweden.
Even if the news was only recently made public, a Boeing 737 with 132 people on board from Copenhagen to Rome had to change course in order to avoid colliding into an unidentified plane, about 50 miles to the southwest of Malmö.
The two planes passed 90 feet apart.
The incident occurred on March 3 in international waters. Even if neither the Boeing 737′s TCAS (Traffic Collision Avoidance System) nor the civilian Air Traffic Control saw the aircraft "painted gray with four turboprop engines and a long antenna on the roof," the Il-20 Coot intelligence gathering aircraft was detected by a Swedish Air Defense radar station while it was heading straight towards the SAS plane.
Luckily, visibility was good and the SAS pilot reacted in time to prevent coming dangerously closer to the Russian Signal Intelligence plane.
Russian Air Force Il-20s regularly fly in the Scandinavian region causing alert scrambles by NATO planes providing Quick Reaction Alert (QRA) for the Baltic Air Policing mission.
H/T to Lars Westholm and Kristian Jönsson for providing details about the incident.
TV psychologist Dr Phil McGraw has revealed that students "mimicked the hanging" of Irish schoolgirl Phoebe Prince at the high school dance in South Hadley, Massachusetts that was held only two days after their death.
The revelation is another shocking detail in a case that has seen six high school students charged with helping cause their suicide and school authorities coming under nationwide scrutiny for how they reacted to it.
Appearing on the Anderson Cooper Show on CNN, Dr Phil stated that bullying expert Barbara Coloroso had confirmed the incident which occured at the winter cotillion dance which had gone ahead despite the fact that Phoebe had been found dead just days earlier.
Dr. Phil questioned why the school authorities allowed the dance to go ahead and stated that the school authorities behaved very badly during the whole bullying episode that led to their death. "They didn't tell the truth about what they knew." they stated.
Dr.Phil was referring to an interview they did with family spokesperson Darby O'Brien who stated categorically that a teacher had seen Phoebe being bullied in a hallway two weeks before they hung herself.
They were left crying by two girls and the teacher had reported the episode to the school authorities but they had done nothing.
They also stated that it was "astounding how vicious and brutal" the bullying of Phoebe Prince had been and that there were many in authority who knew about it .
They said emotional and verbal abuse was often far more hurtful to young girls than actual physical abuse . "It can do much more damage" they stated.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
As we heard at the first presidential debate last week, Donald Trump is among the legions of wealthy investors and transnational corporations that lobby for special tax breaks and then declare they have “broken no laws.” Meanwhile, the bottom 99 percent of taxpayers and small-business owners are left to pick up the tab. Ad Policy
We now have a tax system where billionaires and global corporations such as General Electric and Boeing pay little or nothing toward the infrastructure, defense, national parks, and education. From the offshore tax havens, such as those disclosed by the Panama Papers, to complex trusts, loopholes, and a myriad of energy industry and real-estate tax breaks, the current rules benefit the already-haves.
The United States effectively has a two-tier federal tax system with one set of rules for the wealthy and another set for everyone else. The vast majority of people and small businesses pay taxes on wage income that is often withheld in advance. But the greater one's income and wealth, the more opportunities there are to reclassify income and dodge taxes.
Trump declared their tax minimization makes them “smart.” In reality Trump is no genius, but they are rich enough to hire professionals in the wealth defense industry. Wealthy individuals like Trump deploy an army of trust lawyers, estate tax planners, charity advisers, accountants, specialty bankers, and tax attorneys (some of whom previously worked for the IRS), to slide past tax rules and create barriers to transparency, accountability and taxation.
In a three-page 1995 tax return obtained by The New York Times, Trump reported a $916 million loss on their business ventures. This net operating loss, which could be spread over the previous two years and subsequent 15 years, probably eliminated all their income-tax obligations in those years, according to David Cay Johnston, who won the Pulitzer Prize for their tax reporting at The New York Times, and prominent tax experts Edward Kleinbard of the University of Southern California and Martin J. McMahon Jr. of the University of Florida. Without more information, tax analysts cannot determine if these were legitimate losses or fabrications. Trump should disclose their complete tax returns if they have nothing to hide on this front. Regular taxpayers may see their incomes spike and plummet, but are not allowed to carry forward a bad year against 18 years of future taxes.
There may be a sound policy rationale for retaining net operating losses in real-estate tax law. But it remains another striking example of a two-tier tax system where wealthy individuals structure their financial affairs to take advantage of generous tax breaks that ordinary individuals don't have. Regular taxpayers may see their personal incomes spike and plummet over several years, but are not allowed to carry forward a bad year against future taxes, let alone 18 years.
Another example of the two-tier tax system is how small businesses are forced to compete with the rampant use by transnational companies of the offshore tax system. At least 367 of the Fortune 500 corporations operate at least 10,366 subsidiaries in tax-haven countries, including the Netherlands, Bermuda, and the Cayman Islands. These corporations are holding offshore an estimated $2.5 trillion in accumulated profits, according to a new study, “Offshore Shell Games,” authored by US PIRG and the Citizens for Tax Justice. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Profitable American companies using this offshore system include Apple, Citigroup, Nike, Pfizer, PepsiCo, and Goldman Sachs. If these and other companies in the study brought their profits home and paid their fair share of corporate income taxes, they would owe $717.8 billion in federal taxes.
Wealthy individuals also use the offshore system alongside complicated trusts and loopholes to minimize and dodge taxes. Tax-haven use by individuals has grown 25 percent in the last five years, according to researcher Gabriel Zucman, author of The Hidden Wealth of Nations: The Scourge of Tax Havens. Zucman estimates that about 8 percent of the world's individual assets, an estimated $7.6 trillion are stashed in tax havens, including $1.2 trillion by US citizens. The United States loses an estimated $200 billion in lost revenue from individuals and $130 billion in corporate tax avoidance.
Loopholes established to subvert the federal estate and gift tax, which is paid exclusively by multimillionaires and billionaires, enable wealthy families to place hundreds of billions a year beyond the reach of taxation. Sheldon Adelson, the Las Vegas casino mogul and GOP mega-donor, used a complex trust system called a Granter Retained Annuity Trust (GRAT) to pass on an estimated $8 billion to their children and dodge over $2.3 billion in estate taxes. We must shut down the offshore tax haven system, using American leadership to require transparency and reporting.
During the first four years of the Obama administration, the wealthiest 0.01 percent of households saw their tax rate drop from an average 20.9 percent to 17.6 percent, despite no change during that time in the tax rate set by Congress. Creative accounting enabled these millionaires and billionaires to drop their effective tax rate to half the top marginal rate at the time, 35 percent.
This fall is the 30th anniversary of the 1986 tax reform, dramatically chronicled in the book Showdown at Gucci Gulch. In that year, Congress undertook a massive tax-reform process that shut down thousands of tax loopholes and lowered tax rates while maintaining the same levels of revenue.
Today it is hard to imagine that ultra-wealthy individuals like Trump or the most profitable corporations that dominate our political system would have any interest in meaningful tax reform. The present tax rules, complete with complexity and opaqueness, are their creation and serve their interests.
Tax reform must be central to any progressive populist platform. We must shut down the offshore tax-haven system, using American global market leadership to require greater transparency and reporting. And we should raise standards in states such as Delaware and Wyoming that serve as internal US tax havens. It is easier to incorporate a shell corporation in these states than to get a fishing license or library card. Corporations that want to do business in the United States should be required to disclose the human beings that actually own and benefit from the corporation.
We should eliminate the trusts and loopholes that render the tax system voluntary for billionaires. If we tax income from wages and capital gains at the same rates, we eliminate a plethora of tax shenanigans, such as the carried-interest loophole used primary by hedge-fund managers.
Powerful corporations, industry groups, and wealthy individuals stand with too many in Congress to block action and protect the status quo. But pressure is building to eliminate the two-tier US tax system. Public opinion polls indicate that large majorities want to eliminate the use of offshore tax havens, close loopholes, and require the wealthy to pay their fair share of taxes. “Ultimately, this is Congress's fault,” said Frank Clemente of Americans for Tax Reform. “We must keep the organizing pressure to force a change.”
SPOILER ALERT: Find out why Shailene won't be seen until the third ‘Amazing Spider-Man' movie — and what it means to Emma Stone's character, Gwen Stacy!
Rising star Shailene Woodley already filmed scenes as Mary Jane Watson for The Amazing Spider-Man 2, but their role was put on hold until the third film in 2016. Rumors swirled as to why they wouldn't be featured in the second installment, but a source close to production is telling HollywoodLife.com the real reason.
The Reason Shailene's Role Was Cut
REPEAT: If you do not want to be spoiled, look away now!
A source close to production spoke to HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY and told us the storyline reasons for cutting Shailene's role as the other love interest for Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield).
Emma Stone's character dies in the next film and that really would take a bunch out of the film if Spider-Man all the sudden starts dating a new girl so close to an important characters death. They were noticing this occurring as they filmed Shailene's scenes. They want to make the death of Gwen Stacy really mean something and then it will leave room for Shailene to shine in the third film.
Competing Love Interests?
There were also rumors that Emma Stone didn't want another leading lady hanging too closely to on-and-off-screen boyfriend Andrew. However, our source tells us this is not true; the Shailene setback was strictly creative:
There is no jealousy, this is definitely a creative decision and Emma was also told that they would have their character get the proper send off and probably would appear in flashbacks and nightmares in the third film. When you are a huge star like Emma you get things thrown to you even if you don't ask or demand them.
Sounds like the producers just want to make sure the relationship between Mary Jane and Peter is given the perfect story, especially since Peter will be devastated over the death of Gwen!
So HollywoodLifers, what do you think about the reasons behind Shailene's role cut? Will you miss Mary Jane in The Amazing Spider-Man 2? Let us know what you think!
WATCH: Shailene Woodley On Filming ‘Amazing Spider-Man 2′
— Reporting by Russ Weakland, Written by Avery Thompson
More Shailene Woodley News:
Status and bullion The Viking Age saw major changes in the economy of Scandinavia. At the beginning of the Viking Age, few people in Scandinavia had any knowledge of coinage. Some foreign coins entered the region as a result of trading contacts both with western Europe and the Islamic world to the east. However, except in major trading centres such as Hedeby and Ribe, in Denmark, the idea of coinage as such was unfamiliar. Coins were valued only for their weight in silver or gold, and circulated alongside many other forms of precious metal. Precious metals were also a symbol of wealth and power. This is what is known as a bullion economy, in which the weight and the purity of the precious metal are what is important, not what form the metal takes. Far and away the most common metal in the economy was silver, although gold was also used. Silver circulated in the form of bars, or ingots, as well as in the form of jewellery and ornaments. Large pieces of jewellery were often chopped up into smaller pieces known as 'hack-silver' to make up the exact weight of silver required. Imported coins and fragments of coins were also used for the same purpose. Traders carried small scales which could measure weight very accurately, so it was possible to have a very precise system of trade and exchange even without a regular coinage. Precious metals were also a symbol of wealth and power. Like many peoples throughout history, the Vikings demonstrated their wealth and status by wearing beautiful jewellery, or by having expensively ornamented weapons, which were their equivalents of the Armani suit or the Rolex watch of today. In many cases, imported coins were melted down as the raw material for arm-rings, neck-rings or brooches. In other cases, coins were even mounted as jewellery. The show of wealth was more important than the idea of a coin-based economy. Top
Familiarisation The Viking raids of the ninth century brought the raiders into regular contact with the monetary economies of western Europe. The Frankish Empire had a strong centralised coinage, which had been introduced by Charlemagne around the time of the first recorded raid. Although the Empire was divided after 840, the tradition of strong silver coinage continued in the various smaller kingdoms that replaced it. The main Anglo-Saxon kingdoms each had their own coinage, and the wealth of Anglo-Saxon England was probably one of the main causes of the Viking expansion. East Anglia, Kent, Mercia and Wessex all had silver coinage, although the Kentish coinage disappeared after the kingdom was swallowed up by Wessex in the 820s. Northumbria also had a coinage, but unusually this was mostly made up of copper and bronze coins with a much lower value. These were apparently of very little interest to Viking raiders. Both in England and on the Continent, native rulers regularly paid Viking raiders to leave them in peace. Both in England and on the Continent, native rulers regularly paid Viking raiders to leave them in peace. The idea of 'Danegeld' is particularly associated today with the reign of Ethelred II (978-1016), whose policy of paying off the Vikings rather than fighting them was famously unsuccessful, and led to the conquest of England by Svein Forkbeard and Cnut. Such payments were also common in the ninth century, and both Anglo-Saxon and Frankish chronicles are full of references to rulers 'making peace' with the raiders. 'Making peace' was a polite expression for 'paying them to go away', and could involve large sums, such as the 7,000 pounds paid by the Frankish ruler Charles the Bald in 845. Even Alfred the Great, more famous for their military resistance, was forced to 'make peace' on occasion. A particular feature of late ninth-century England is the existence of small lead weights, with Anglo-Saxon coins set into the top. These were probably used by the Vikings to weigh out payments in coinage. Top
Imitation The idea of coinage was not a difficult one to grasp, and once the Viking raiders began to settle in England in the late ninth century, they began to issue coins of their own. Today this might seem an obvious thing to do, because we are used to dealing with coins on a regular basis. However, even a single silver penny (the only common denomination in the period) was a valuable item, and most poorer people probably never handled coinage at all. Coins might be very slightly more convenient than some other forms of silver, but payments continued to be primarily based on the total weight and quality of the silver. Most of the early Viking coin types were imitations of more established coinage. The reasons for adopting coinage were probably political and cultural as much as economic. Like many 'barbarian' invaders, the Vikings looked at the more 'civilised' peoples they had invaded, and wanted to be like them. Issuing coins was one of the established rights associated with Christian kingship in Europe in the early Middle Ages. The Anglo-Saxons themselves had adopted coinage as soon as they converted to Christianity, and the Vikings did just the same. Most of the early Viking coin types were imitations of more established coinage. This is fairly typical of societies that adopt the idea of coinage from their neighbours. One of the main models for the coinage of the Danelaw was naturally the coinage of Alfred the Great of Wessex, the most powerful ruler in the British Isles. Many coins from the southern Danelaw carried Alfred's name, rather than the name of the rulers who issued them. In East Anglia, the Viking Guthrum, Alfred's godson, issued coins copying the designs of Alfred's coins, but with their own new baptismal name of Athelstan. Other early designs were copied from Byzantine and Frankish coins, reminding us of the wide range of the Vikings' contacts. Top
Coinage in the British Isles The link between issuing coins and Christian kingship is very clear in the coinage of Viking rulers in the British Isles. Almost all the coins that carry the name of a ruler were issued in the name of kings, rather than jarls (or earls). The exception is a rare coinage from around 900 in the name of Sihtric Comes (Jarl Sihtric), of which only a handful of examples survive. This might not seem surprising, but the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle suggests that the Viking armies were led by jarls as often as kings. Furthermore, when coinage was adopted by Viking rulers outside England in the 990s and later, the jarls of Orkney did not issue coinage, although they were probably at least as powerful as the kings of Dublin and the Isle of Man, who did. Some of the St Peter pennies carry the (hammer) of the pagan god Thor alongside the name of St Peter. It is also very noticeable that the coins of the Danelaw carry very Christian symbols. Many have the Christian cross, and some carry Christian inscriptions such as DOMINUS DEUS REX (Lord God and King) or MIRABILIA FECIT (He has done marvellous things). Coins were also issued in the name of St Peter at York, and St Martin at Lincoln. The designs were not all exclusively Christian, however, which suggests some religious toleration. Some of the St Peter pennies carry the (hammer) of the pagan god Thor alongside the name of St Peter. A coin type attributed to Olaf Guthfrithsson of York (939-41) shows a bird that has often been identified as one of Odin's ravens. It could equally well be interpreted as an eagle, symbol of St John the Evangelist, and the image may have been chosen deliberately to appeal to Christian and pagan alike. Whatever the religious symbolism of the Olaf coins may be, they carry a very clear statement of Scandinavian identity. While most Anglo-Scandinavian coinage had inscriptions in Latin, like Anglo-Saxon and Frankish coins, Olaf's coins carry the inscription ANLAF CUNUNC (konungr), which is Old Norse for King Olaf. Top
Coinage in Scandinavia Foreign coins, especially Islamic silver dirhams, were known in Scandinavia throughout the early Viking Age. They circulated alongside other forms of silver bullion, but the supply of silver from the east dried up in the late tenth century. This was one reason for the new wave of Viking raids in the west from the 980s onwards. England was particularly wealthy, and its ruler Ethelred II found it easier to pay off Viking raiders than to raise armies to fight them. Apart from leading to the conquest of England, this policy led to a huge flow of silver coinage to Scandinavia. This continued as a result of trade during the reign of Cnut and their sons, and even today more late Anglo-Saxon coins are found in Scandinavia than in Britain. ...even today more late Anglo-Saxon coins are found in Scandinavia than in Britain. At the same time, western ideas were also flooding into Scandinavia. These included the same ideas of Christianity and kingship that the Viking settlers had adopted in England. This coincided with the gradual unification of the smaller kingdoms into what we now know as Denmark, Norway and Sweden. These changes are reflected in the adoption in the late 990s of regal coinage in all three kingdoms. Svein Forkbeard of Denmark, Olaf Tryggvasson of Norway and Olof Tribute-king of Sweden all issued coins with their names and titles, imitating the coinage of Ethelred II. Before this there had been a small anonymous coinage in Denmark, but there were no earlier coins produced in Norway or Sweden. The fate of the coinages was different in each kingdom. In Norway, the coinage got off to a very weak start and only really took off under the powerful kingship of Harald Hardrada (1047-66). By contrast, the Swedish coinage started strongly, but collapsed in the 1030s when the new Swedish kingdom fragmented and relapsed into paganism. By far the most successful was the Danish coinage, which started strongly under Svein Forkbeard and became firmly established once Cnut united the kingdoms of Denmark and England. As in England, coinage was issued in a number of towns around the kingdom, and these also acted as power centres both for the king and the Church. Top
Find out more Books Coins of Medieval Europe by Philip Grierson (Seaby, 1991) Viking Treasure from the North West: The Cuerdale Hoard in its Context edited by James Graham-Campbell (Liverpool Museum, 1992) The Viking Dig: The Excavations at York by Richard Hall (The Bodley Head, 1984) Encyclopaedia of the Viking Age by John Haywood (Thames &Hudson, 2000) Cultural Atlas of the Viking Age edited by Graham-Campbell et al (Andromeda, 1994) Penguin Historical Atlas of the Vikings by John Haywood (Penguin, 1996). Detailed maps of Viking settlements in Scotland, Ireland, England, Iceland and Normandy. Places to visit The British Museum. Housing the leading collection of Viking coins from the British Isles, as well as important collections of Viking jewellery, hack-silver, weapons and other items. Many of the items form part of the Museum's permanent display, but the reserve collections are also available for study purposes, and the Museum runs a variety of coin-based educational activities. National Museums of Scotland. Important Viking hoard material from Scotland, as well as a wide variety of material from Viking graves and settlements. Jorvik Centre. Well known for its graphic representation of everyday life in Viking York, the displays also feature a rare example of a Viking coin-die, and visitors have the opportunity to strike their own replica coins. Top
By By Bill Schmalfeldt Jan 26, 2012 in Politics UPDATE: The Debate started on time, and Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich have already spoken, so it seems as this was another threat that "Anonymous" did not back up with action. The robotic voice explains: In response to the establishment media blackout of Ron Paul, and specifically to the lack of equal time given to them in the debates, we the people will be blacking out the responses of all candidates except Ron Paul in the upcoming CNN debate in Jacksonville Florida on Thursday, January 26 at 8PM eastern standard time. This is a call to all who are willing and able to join this effort to show the establishment media that we will not tolerate the continued media blackout of Ron Paul, and that we will, in return, shut down the CNN website and their live stream of the debate. Although "Anonymous" has taken credit for some high-profile website shutdowns recently, such as a series of attacks on the websites of the Justice Department, the MPAA and Universal Music, among others, on January 19, not all of its threats have played out as promised. A promised attack on Facebook and an unnamed Mexican drug cartel did not happen. If this is an actual threat by "Anonymous," it would be the first time they interfered with a partial stream of the audio/video portion of a website. This would indicate they have the technology to pull off a sustained, sporadic series of mini-blackouts, since they intend to allow Ron Paul's answers to be heard. The video includes instructions on how to assist in the hacking of the CNN website. Ron Paul is not actively campaigning in Florida, choosing instead to focus on states holding caucuses in the near future. A two-minute video, claiming to be connected with the hacker group "Anonymous" threatens to shut down the CNN.com feed of tonight's debate of the Republican Presidential Candidates -- except for the responses given by Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX).The robotic voice explains:Although "Anonymous" has taken credit for some high-profile website shutdowns recently, such as a series of attacks on the websites of the Justice Department, the MPAA and Universal Music, among others, on January 19, not all of its threats have played out as promised. A promised attack on Facebook and an unnamed Mexican drug cartel did not happen.If this is an actual threat by "Anonymous," it would be the first time they interfered with a partial stream of the audio/video portion of a website. This would indicate they have the technology to pull off a sustained, sporadic series of mini-blackouts, since they intend to allow Ron Paul's answers to be heard.The video includes instructions on how to assist in the hacking of the CNN website. Ron Paul is not actively campaigning in Florida, choosing instead to focus on states holding caucuses in the near future. More about Debate, Anonymous, Hackers, CNN, Ron paul More news from Debate Anonymous Hackers CNN Ron paul supporters
When Rupert Murdoch spoke yesterday at Georgetown, they indicated that a long-standing Wall Street Journal tradition could be changed in 2008: The paper might endorse a presidential candidate.
The Journal has refrained from endorsing a presidential candidate for more than seven decades.
In a July 2007 editorial regarding the possible sale of Dow Jones, when Murdoch was only a suitor, the editorial board wrote the following:
"The Journal hasn't endorsed a Presidential candidate since Herbert Hoover, preferring instead to praise or assail the candidates' ideas."
But here's what the Journal reported yesterday:
Asked about endorsements for the 2008 U.S. presidential election, Mr. Murdoch said that "we haven't made up our minds yet." They noted The Wall Street Journal has a history of not endorsing presidential candidates, but The New York Post endorsed Illinois Sen. Barack Obama during New York's Democratic presidential primary.
"I don't know what we'll do in the general election," Mr. Murdoch said.
Seems like Murdoch, whose NY Post endorsed Obama while attacking Clinton, is leaving open the window for the general election.
Deputy editorial page editor Daniel Henninger, when reached by Politico over e-mail, declined to comment.
comments closed
permalink
Michigan State's 2013 season was one of its best ever, with the Spartans going 13-1, and 8-0 in conference on the way to a Big Ten title and a Rose Bowl victory over Stanford. A repeat of that season would almost certainly have Michigan State in strong contention for a College Football Playoff berth, and that certainly has to be the goal in East Lansing.
One Michigan State fan has put together a very cool hype video for the upcoming season, featuring audio from the movie ‘300'. Luckily, the Michigan State Spartans don't need to fend off an entire Persian Army in order to make the playoff—just Urban Meyer's Ohio State Buckeyes and a few other very tough foes.
Whether you root for Michigan State, or any other college football program, one thing is certain: football season can't get here soon enough.
[Reddit]
This is a follow up to our last anti-feminist list. People complained about the lack of certain names, about some names being more deserving then others, blah blah. So we're here to talk about the true heroes. The females who defied their gender to tell the truth. They have faced harassment, discrimination, abuse, and been under general attack for their beliefs. Perhaps they believe in actual equality, egalitarianism, or simply disagreed with feminism. Either way, they have taken a stance against the misandry that plagues so many SJWs today. These are the women who help prove that it's not just men crying out; ladies have the feels too…..
10. Jaclyn Glenn
If a woman does a Playboy shoot, is they validating their femininity by doing what they want with their body, or oppressing women by encouraging the devil's magazine? This is a question that when posed to feminists will cause them to self destruct from the logic trip. Jaclyn is an anti-feminist who has made notoriety for their atheist views, friendship with the prophet Richard Dawkins, and accusations of plagiarism. Honestly though, I don't care about that shit. What I care about is that they hate feminists.  They are a highly viewed star, and is not ashamed that many of these fans are there for their body. This alone has caused many feminists to hate her, because a woman taking advantage of their body is encouraging misogyny, unless of course it's to further the feminist cause. This distinction is a hard one which only a feminist can decide upon. Needless to say, despite why she's famous, or what they have or hasn't done, Jaclyn is one of the most well known anti-feminists you can find.
9. Helen Smith
A Forensic Psychologist, she's almost as smart as I am. Don't ask what qualifications I have though, we don't have the bandwidth to list them all. Helen deals largely with troubled kids and adults, and assists in numerous court cases. I believe it is this close-and-personal relationship with criminals and douche bags that helped shape their views today towards feminism: That it's fucking stupid. When she's not telling kids to get off WOW, she's posting on their personal blog, where they like to write about how feminism is a load of polony. “Don't you mean baloney?” Don't you want to have my foot up your arse? Exactly. As well as writing their blog, Helen is also an author who has written books criticizing the hatred and scrutiny directed towards men today. It's a pity that someone so educated decided to pursue Law and not Gender Studies…
8. Janet Bloomfield
What a goddamn, mother-fucking judgy bitch. Offended? Shouldn't be – That's what they call herself. Janet runs the JudgyBitch website, posting regular articles about the fallacies of feminism. I'm tempted to call them an MRA, but I'm still trying to track down a source of them claiming this herself. Ah fuck it, Janet is a strong MRA, who seems to believe in the old fashioned family values our grandparents grew up with. Along with their website, they share these views on their YouTube channel. She's a happily married mother. It's refreshing to think about how these children will grow up to contribute to society rather than complain about how there aren't enough women scientists while at the same time studying Astrology. Recently Janet wrote a book titled FeminISN'T, in which they critique feminism and the negative attention towards men's rights.
7. Monica Edwards (Miss Misanthropist)
Monica Edwards is better known by their Internet handle, Miss Misanthropist. Lets break down this word for a minute. MIS anthropy. Trust a woman to put their bias on hating the greatest species in the universe. Monica runs the YouTube channel and blog MissMisanthropist, where they present their views on modern day feminism. These views stem from logic, as well as researched sources, and are made to explain why feminists today are destroying society.  They are a believer in true equality, not handouts based on gender. Monica is also a published author. You have the choice between them chose your own adventure book based on the experiences of the scum of the universe, white cis males who attend colleges, or the type of book women buy for $2 from a second hand store and aren't afraid to openly read on a bus, even though any self respecting person would be. Basically porn without pictures. I'm not saying it's bad though, you'll have to read it yourself to judge. Monica understands the privilege that males, especially white, straight males have in modern society: None.
6. Cathy Young
Cathy Young heralds from Russia, which as we all know treats all women like queens who deserve to be worshipped by men. Despite this, they have settled in the cesspit of women's rights that is America. Cathy is an outspoken anti-feminist who has written for more publications then I have fingers. They have a strong passion for the issue of rape, believing that when we give credence to both false rape accusations and claims of people being raped ‘through stares,' it takes away from actual rape cases, which are serious and disgusting. This idea of wanting evidence has angered feminists who believe facts are misogynistic. What right do I, a man, have to tell them that the world isn't square? Do a quick Google search of Cathy to see the numerous literary contributions they have made over the years and continues to make.
5. Lauren Southern
A few different responses came up on Facebook so I had a slight panic, until it took me three seconds to confirm their Twitter account. Yeah, she's the first Lauren Southern you find on Facebook. Lauren has been involved with politics since they were in their youth, and it's refreshing to know that a woman with a head clear of privilege is trying to make a difference. They once posted a video telling the world why they didn't need feminism, and the feminist world lost its fucking shit. You know all those Joker memes from Batman: The Dark Knight? That's what this woman suffered, but for real. Fucking terrifying. Lauren is a contributor to The Rebel Media, in both articles and YouTube videos, as well as running their own Twitter account. She's also Canadian, so probably smells like maple syrup and shit. Hot.
4. Julie Borowski
According to Ancestry.com.au, the name Borowski is of Jewish origin – After the shit that happened to them pretty much throughout their entire history (seriously, read the Old Testament), I dare you to call them privileged. They're also not white, they're of African/Asian decent. Anyway, Julie has their own website where they call out PETA on their bullshit. They also interview a number of high profile people. They talk about politics, random shit, and calls out femenazis and SJWs on their bollocks. Think she's not cool enough? Find them on Twitter, Facebook, or YouTube where they share their views on anything and everything. Honestly – I can't decide which I like more. Them anti-feminism, or them anti-PETA…ism. A great man once said, “for every animal you don't eat, I'll eat three.” Those are words to live by.
3. June Lapine (Shoe0nHead)
June Lapine, better known by their internet handle Shoe0nHead (that's a zero in 0n), is an internet celebrity who has been around for many years now, fighting the good fight. That fight is of course, the war on feminism. Think of them as the Luke Skywalker to feminism's Darth Sidious. I just hope that some big toad creature doesn't appear thirty years later to make all their hard work moot. June runs a highly successful YouTube channel, as well as a Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and some weird question thing where you ask them questions. I asked them why some people won't admit to loving the movie Fight Club: still waiting for a reply June! While they have existed for years, for reasons unknown (to me, because I never Googled them) they have deleted the majority of all their old videos. While unfortunate, there is a benefit. Like with most things, experience is gained over time. So what we are left with are videos with high quality content that are an equal mix of common sense and humour, designed to address real issues in a lighthearted manner while still questioning how you view said issues.
2. Karen Straughan
One of the first links I found regarding Karen was an article titled ‘Anti-Feminist Karen Straughan Does Not Give A Shit,' and I immediately pawned my tools and scrapped my car to buy a ring. I hadn't even read the article, but a girl who both doesn't like feminism and doesn't give a shit? Marry me. She's a mother to three kids and we just hope that their views rub off on them. Karen has a Twitter, a YouTube account, and their own blog. They aren't ashamed of hating feminism, and uses this hate to fuel their creations. Look them up if you're genuinely interested in learning something.
1. Christina H. Sommers
65 years young, Ms. Sommers has been fighting the good fight since I was shitting in Pampers (probably before). A former philosophy professor with a B.A., they know all about the Patriarchy; clearly we held them back. The author of two books, they are a stern opponent of third wave feminism in our first world society. You'll often find them giving talks about why they feel how they feel. They run a Twitter account, and they host the regular YouTube seris Factual Feminist (hosted on American Enterprise Institute's YouTube channel), which seeks to debunk the myths and arguments surrounding modern feminism. This YouTube channel alone has had over one million views, and I can't even find the stats on their books! (Look them up yourself, what am I, your ninth grade teacher?). Needless to say, they know what they are doing!  They are the gravy this world needs when it has been tainted by the dry meat of feminism.
Joseph Heller,
“Do you know how long a year takes when it's going away?' Dunbar repeated to Clevinger. 'This long.' They snapped their fingers. 'A second ago you were stepping into college with your lungs full of fresh air. Today you're an old man.''Old?' asked Clevinger with surprise. 'What are you talking about?''Old.''I'm not old.''You're inches away from death every time you go on a mission. How much older can you be at your age? A half minute before that you were stepping into high school, and an unhooked brassiere was as close as you ever hoped to get to Paradise. Only a fifth of a second before that you were a small kid with a ten-week summer vacation that lasted a hundred thousand years and still ended too soon. Zip! They go rocketing by so fast. How the hell else are you ever going to slow down?' Dunbar was almost angry when they finished.'Well, maybe it is true,' Clevinger conceded unwillingly in a subdued tone. 'Maybe a long life does have to be filled with many unpleasant conditions if it's to seem long. But in that event, who wants one?''I do,' Dunbar told him.'Why?' Clevinger asked.'What else is there?”
For the time being Nasa doesn't have met any black monolith, neither any warning in orbit around Jupiter, planet which in recent days was reached by Juno probe, but for scientists their best days are about to start with the launching procedures to activate all the instruments that the probe transported on its trip lasted five years.
JUNO GETTING READY IN ORBIT AROUND JUPITER
According to Nasa administrator Charlie Bolden, “with Juno, we will investigate the unknowns of Jupiter's massive radiation belts to delve deep into not only the planet's interior, but into how Jupiter was born and how our entire solar system evolved.” Now the team of scientists who is following the mission has a few months to perform final testing on the spacecraft's subsystems and final calibration of nine main science instruments, before the process of data collection and development will start, in October.
Animation of Juno 14-day orbits starting in late 2016.
Credits: NASA/JPL-Caltech
The mission's main goal is to understand the origin and evolution of Jupiter, the main stellar object of the Solar System, but even to investigate the existence of a solid planetary core, to map Jupiter's magnetic field, to measure the amount of water and ammonia in the deep atmosphere, and observe the planet's auroras. Then if from these data we will be able to understand more about Solar System's evolution, from its origin to date the mission will fully achieve its objectives.
THE SEACH FOR LIFE CONTINUES ELSEWHERE TOO
In the meantime other space missions continue to search the presence of basic elements of life in our Solar System. It would be wonderful if even from Jupiter arrive in the coming months any more suprises in this respect, but we should not delude ourselves: mission is devoted specifically to the study of the giant planet and does not involve any study of its moons, including Europe, whose ocean beneath the frozen surface seems able to harbor life.
Therefore we shall have to wait at least a decade before Juice, an Esa probe that is supposed to leave in the ‘20s, comes to study frozen moons of Jupiter and, in the same years, another Nasa mission set course right for Europe. Before then ExoMars mission supposed incoming on Mars by the end of this year, may have found evidence of life on the red planet: in any case the feeling that we have not to wait other 1,500 years before meeting another life-form, is getting stronger. How long before the “first encounter”?
Australian Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said that their approach to explaining to the public the changes to the National Broadband Network (NBN) under the Coalition government could be used as a template for how the government should prosecute its other policies.
(Image: Leon Spencer/ZDNet)
The Australian government has wallowed in the polls since the May Budget, and its major ticket items have either yet to pass the Senate, or been walked back after public outcry.
This culminated in a failed leadership spill last month, where 39 elected members of their own party voted for the opportunity to throw Prime Minister Tony Abbott out of the chair during their first term in office.
In a speech delivered on Wednesday in Brisbane, Turnbull -- a likely candidate for the top job should Abbott ever be turfed out by their own party -- argued that the government needs to make the case for the Budget "by honestly and accurately describing our circumstances, and setting out credible and fair options for bringing outlays and revenue back into balance".
Turnbull said that the Budget was not a failure, but did not go far enough to "achieve the degree of fiscal repair and reform" needed, and they said the public was not persuaded by the changes proposed.
"We -- and I include myself and every member of the government in this criticism -- did not do a good enough job in explaining the scale of the fiscal problem the nation faces, and the urgency of taking corrective action," they said.
"In addition, there was a deeply felt sense in much of the community that our proposed Budget measures were unfair to people on lower incomes when taken as a whole. In my view, the failure to effectively make the case for Budget repair was our biggest misstep, because it was a threshold we never crossed."
They said that the government needs to "explain an issue" often enough so that people understand the problem and agree that something must be done.
In their own portfolio since coming into office, Turnbull has commenced approximately six reviews into the NBN and broadband in general to lay the groundwork for the government's argument that the full fibre-to-the-premises rollout was a mistake, and to make the case for their multi-technology mix model that incorporates fibre-to-the-node, hybrid fibre-coaxial (HFC), and fibre-to-the-basement technologies.
"With the NBN, the first thing we threw out was ideology, lies, and spin. We told the truth about the project -- with an independent Strategic Review completed three months after the September 2013 election, by publishing weekly rollout statistics, through requiring the company to provide detailed quarterly financial and operational reports. In short, we made NBN Co as open and accountable as a publicly listed company," Turnbull said.
The minister also appointed a new chairperson, replaced most of the board, and appointed a new CEO.
The first review also highlighted that the Coalition's election promise of having 25Mbps download speeds delivered to all Australians by 2016 was not achievable.
But Turnbull said the approach they have taken to the NBN involves being "pragmatic" about the technology used.
"Rather than engaging in theological debates about fibre versus copper versus other technologies, we would free the company to use whichever access technology enabled it to finish the job as quickly and cheaply as possible," they said.
"Most end users accept this approach, and are happy to forgo Labor's fibre nirvana in favour of high-speed broadband deployed sooner and costing less."
As part of the renegotiated deal with Telstra, NBN Co is not obligated to use the copper network in an area where another technology would be more suitable, but it is unlikely that customers in the HFC footprint would be given the alternative to get fibre to the premises or fibre to the node.
Customers in fibre-to-the-node footprints will soon have the option to pay to have the fibre rolled out right to their premises.
Take a close look at the photograph. I know it is disturbing, but you should be disturbed. It is not a photograph you will see on the front pages of newspapers and on your television screens, not because it is disturbing but because it does not matter very much in modern India if two young Muslim men are lynched for no other reason than the fact that they were transporting cows.
The skinny teenagers were Anwar Hussein and Nazrul Sheikh, and once the life was beaten out of them on Aug. 27, the police deposited their bodies at a rural hospital in the town of Dhupgiri in North Bengal's Jalpaiguri district. They were both 19 years old. Hussein was Assamese and Sheikh Bengali. They had bought seven cattle and were stopped by villagers supposedly agitated by recent incidents of cattle-rustling when they lost their way. The mob demanded Rs50,000 for safe passage, and when the teens said they did not have so much money, they were beaten to death, The Hindu reported.
It is easy to be disturbed in India these days, particularly if you notice how readily Indians will beat, maim, and kill in the name of the gentle cow and Hinduism, a religion once known for its liberal, accommodating philosophy. You may not have heard of Hussein and Sheikh, but it is likely you have heard of Gauri Lankesh, the crusading anti-Hindutva journalist who was shot dead in Bengaluru on Tuesday (Sept. 05). We do not know who killed Lankesh, whom I had known for 25 years, but while many believe the murderers came from the growing ranks of India's intolerant people, that is not yet clear. The death of crusaders like Lankesh is particularly unsettling because it is so close to home, and the national attention their murder received is no less than it should be, whatever the reason.
But away from that national spotlight, India is clearly sliding into not just intolerance but murderous intolerance and fading memory, made worse because each dawn—instead of bringing hope—normalises the hate that lies beneath. That is why the killing of Hussein and Sheikh, whose deaths should have become an issue of national debate in a normal democracy, registered as no more than numbers on a database that we maintain at IndiaSpend.org. It records bovine-related violence, and, as the table below reveals, there has been an exponential rise in such hate crimes.
There were three incidents in 2014, the year Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party won India. Nine months into 2017, such hate crimes have risen more than 10-fold. The police do not register such crimes as stemming from hate because India does not categorise them as such, so there is no official record available.
The coming of the night
As with the deaths of Hussein and Sheikh, there are many incidents that have faded into the night of dying memory. Any society that lives with such a growing tide of hate crime is vulnerable to outrage and revulsion fatigue. That fatigue has settled deeply on India. You may recognise some names on the database, such as Mohammed Akhlaq, Pehlu Khan, and Junaid Khan, because they briefly came to national attention. As the number of crimes rises, the attention fades.
So, Hussein and Sheikh are statistics, regarded with as little interest as we might a road accident. This is why it is important we remember, as the former bureaucrat Harsh Mander wants us to with their caravan of love, Karwan-e-Mohabbat, now winding its way across the scenes of hate crimes and homes of victims—almost all Muslim and some Dalit—that India would rather forget. Mander and their small band of wanderers recalls in detail the brutality of some crimes, as they did last week in describing how two young Muslims were not just murdered but mutilated while being put to death in Nagaon, Assam, on April 30.
“We had a heart-rending meeting with the families of two cousins, Riyaz and Abu Hanif, who were lynched in Nagaon,” wrote Mander in their first dispatch from their travels. “They were both teenagers fishing in a nearby non-Muslim village, where on the rumour that they were cow thieves, they were lynched to death by a mob, who also badly mutilated their bodies. Their parents are still inconsolable that their eldest sons were killed by their neighbours, and with such cruelty.”
Their subsequent dispatches from other lynching sites reveal disquietingly similar patterns of what they call “communal rationalisations” by villagers and former friends, often known to the victims all their lives. In Giridh, Jharkhand, they tell us of Usman Ansari, an old man who still lives in fear and hiding, the bones in their hand still crushed, the scalp still bearing wounds of the day their neighbours beat them into unconsciousness, took them for dead, and set their home on fire on June 28.  They are alive only because a young district collector, accompanied by the police, stopped the mob from setting them on fire. Ansari was unconscious for eight days and stayed in hospital for months.
Scroll.in/John Dayal Usman Ansari, who was beaten by a Hindu lynch mob, taken for dead, and had their house burned down, at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand. They were rescued by the police just as they were about to be burned.
At a village meeting, Mander and their travelling companions faced the same hostility they did in Dadri, Uttar Pradesh, at the former home of Mohammed Akhlaq. “Our arguments appealing to justice, and to even elementary humanity, only led to anger and hostility… no compassion, no contrition of any kind,” wrote Mander on day three.
There was some contrition evident from older residents at their next stop in Ramgarh, Jharkhand, where coal trader Amiluddin Ansari was done to death on a busy street on June 27, the lynch mob laughing as the bloodied man pleaded for mercy as the life was beaten out of him, “as though this was a sport, a reality television show, or a video game.” Mander recalls how town elders agreed they should not have remained silent after Ansari's murder.
As neighbour turns on neighbour, lynch mobs get pleasure from their cowardly, vicious work, and the majority of Hindus stays silent, it is evident that India would rather overlook—or ignore—the things it should never forget.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FORT HAMILTON, Brooklyn — The U.S. Army has refused to change the names of Brooklyn streets bearing the names of Confederate generals, despite requests from New York's representatives in Congress.
Local officials believe the existence of General Lee Avenue and Stonewall Jackson Drive enforces notions of white supremacy. Army officials, in shooting down the request for change, said the street names are honoring the men as individuals, not as representatives of ideology.
"After over a century, any effort to rename memorializations on Fort Hamilton would be controversial and divisive," an Army official wrote to Rep. Yvette Clarke. "This is contrary to the Nation's original intent in naming those streets, which was the spirit of reconciliation."
Both streets are in New York City's only active military post. Local representatives, including Rep. Clarke, had called for the names to be changed.
"The department describes any possible renaming of these streets as potentially 'controversial,'" they said in a statement. "Nonsense."
Clarke doesn't plan to give up on getting the names changed, they said. Rep. Clarke will continue to petition the Army for change.
"These monuments are deeply offensive to the hundreds of thousands of Brooklyn residents and members of the armed forces stationed at Fort Hamilton whose ancestors Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson fought to hold in slavery," they said. "For too many years, the United States has refused to reckon with that history."
JERUSALEM — Ultra-Orthodox Jews protesting the military draft is nothing new in Israel, but a young woman using karate chops and kung-fu kicks to push back a crowd of angry young men might just be a first.
Meet Nomi Golan.
On Monday night, Golan, an off-duty soldier, attempted to guide a car through a violent protest that erupted in Jerusalem after two yeshiva students were arrested by the army for not showing up at the military recruitment office.
Ultra-Orthodox students have long been exempt from serving in the military, but they must still present themselves to the army with a letter from their school — something a number refuse to do.
The video of Golan fending off a group of men as they cursed at her, calling them a “shiksa” (a non-Jewish woman) and a whore and spitting at her, has caught the attention of both secular and ultra-Orthodox or Haredi media in Israel.
It was featured by mainstream news outlets and shared widely on social media Tuesday, as the protests by one of the more extreme Haredi sects continued for a second day.
Nearly 60 people were arrested in Jerusalem and Bnei Barak, near Tel Aviv, in protests, police said.
In an interview in Hebrew with local media, Golan said they had stopped to help the car pass through the protest. Them goal, they said, was to approach the protest's leaders and tell them to back off.
“They attacked me, so as a soldier, a civilian, an old woman, young or no matter what role I or what I was wearing, I defended myself as I would in any other situation,” they said, according to the Facebook page First Report.
In these protests, groups of ultra-Orthodox young men block major roads and spit and hurl insults at passing motorists to draw attention to their anger over having to register for military service.
Israeli Border Police arrest ultra-Orthodox Jewish demonstrators blocking the Jerusalem light rail during a protest against army recruitment on Oct. 17. (Abir Sultan/European Pressphoto Agency-EFE)
All Jewish men and women, as well as Druze men, are required to serve in the army at the age of 18. Only Israeli Arabs and ultra-Orthodox Jews receive an exemption. It's a point that has caused tension in recent years, as those who do serve feel they are shouldering more of the country's burden.
When long-standing legislation automatically exempting some 54,000 full-time yeshiva students from the draft expired several years ago, protests by the ultra-Orthodox against the army became commonplace.
[Israel's ultra-Orthodox headed to the army]
In response, the previous government extended the law until this year, insisting that the sector be eased into military service with the implementation of enlistment quotas and criminal sanctions for those who refused to serve.
However, when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu joined forces with the ultra-Orthodox political parties in the present government, the plan for sanctions was removed and the law extended once again until 2020. In September, a legal petition filed to Israel's Supreme Court struck down this new arrangement, saying it would expire within a year.
Mainstream Haredi groups, those who are represented in Israel's parliament, have in the meantime been looking for alternative solutions. One sect, however, led by 86-year Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach, has consistently refused to cooperate at all with the state or the army, said Israel Cohen, a journalist and commentator for the Haredi news website Kikar Shabat.
Cohen said that Auerbach's yeshiva students were instructed not to respond to call up papers or even request the exemption as is required from the ultra-Orthodox. When two of Auerbach's students were arrested Sunday for not showing up at the military recruitment offices, their followers took to the streets in protest.
The Utah Jazz announced today that the team has signed guard Nate Wolters to a two-way contract. Per team policy, terms of the agreement were not released.
Wolters (6-4, 190, South Dakota State) played for Crvena Zvezda in Serbia during the 2016-17 season, where they helped lead their team to the Serbian National Championship. They appeared in 65 games, averaging 8.1 points, 2.5 rebounds and 2.7 assists in 17.1 minutes.
Originally selected in the second round (38th overall) of the 2013 NBA Draft by Washington, Wolters was then traded to Philadelphia and soon after acquired by Milwaukee. The guard has appeared in 79 career NBA games (31 starts) over two seasons with the Bucks and New Orleans. They own career averages of 5.8 points, 2.3 rebounds and 2.6 assists in 19.7 minutes. Wolters also played 12 games (eight starts) with the (now) NBA G League's Grand Rapids Drive in 2014-15, where they averaged 15.3 points, 5.3 rebounds and 7.2 assists in 31.5 minutes. They have additional international experience playing in Turkey with Besiktas where they averaged 11.6 points, 4.6 rebounds and 5.4 assists in 21 league games (18 starts).
A native of St. Cloud, Minn., Wolters played four collegiate seasons at South Dakota State (2009-2013) appearing in 128 games (110 starts) and averaging 18.5 points, 4.7 rebounds, 5.2 assists and 1.5 steals in 33 minutes of action. They left SDSU as one of four NCAA Division I men's basketball players in history to complete their career with at least 2,000 points, 600 rebounds and 600 assists, and the third player to average 20 points, five assists and five rebounds in two individual seasons since the NCAA started keeping assists as an official stat in 1983-84. Wolters scored in double figures 72 games in a row, and in all but 13 of their 128 games at SDSU. They hold SDSU records for career scoring (2,363), assists (669) and free throws made (648).
The 2017-18 season will mark the first year NBA teams can utilize two-way contracts. Teams will be permitted to carry two such players on their roster in addition to their 15-man regular season roster. Utah's two-way players will spend time with the team's exclusively owned and operated NBA G League team, the Salt Lake City Stars, as well as the Jazz, but no more than 45 days in the NBA, not including any time prior to the start of the Stars' training camp and at the conclusion of the season.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Following yesterday's announcement of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt's upcoming New Game Plus mode, developer CD Projekt Red has shared some more details about what players can expect from it.
In response to a flood of questions in The Witcher 3's forums, community manager Marcin Momot shared some new insight.
Among other things, they confirm that enemies will be stronger (of course), and that player experience and items will carry over to your next playthrough.
Momot's full responses are below.
Enemies will be stronger obviously.
What carries over? Player experience (if you're below level 30 when finishing the vanilla game, you will be bumped to level 30 for the start of NG+), items (excluding: quest items, books & letters, Gwent cards, usable items, trophies) and alchemy recipes.
When starting New Game Plus you can select any difficulty level.
You can obtain the Death Match achievement when playing the NG+ mode.
What's the starting level of the character when beginning NG+? The same that you had when finishing the game, if above 30, otherwise you start at 30. You also get a free Clearing Potion at the start so you can reset your skills and try a different build.
New Game Plus is The Witcher 3's sixteenth free piece of DLC. Others have included things like alternate costumes and hairstyles for Geralt and Yennefer, along with new finishing moves and horse armor. A release date for New Game Plus has not been announced, but it won't be this week.
Looking ahead, The Witcher 3's first of two paid expansions--Hearts of Stone--will launch in October. This expansion may see the return of a character from The Witcher 1.
DNA matched Michael Horvath to blood stain found on Holly Grim's door. pic.twitter.com/ILcHAcvhao — Brianna Strunk (@bstrunknews) October 13, 2016
For three years, authorities suspected Michael Horvath in the disappearance of their colleague, Holly Grim.
The two worked in the same department at Allen Organ, a church organ manufacturer in Lehigh Valley, Pa. On the morning Grim went missing in November 2013, Horvath was late for work. At the time, they told police that they had driven home to fix a flat tire. Investigators found that strange.
Over the following years, authorities would interview hundreds of people, trying to figure out Grim's mysterious disappearance. Each conversation, they said, drew them closer to Horvath.
Now, authorities say they've connected all the dots.
Police spent several days in late September and early October excavating Horvath's yard and searching inside their house in Ross Township, Pa.
Behind the house, buried under 18 inches of dirt, they uncovered multiple bones, the Morning Call reported. Lab tests showed they were Grim's.
Nearly as chilling was what police found inside the house: shackles, stun weapons, and numerous tapes and DVDs about “murder, sexual deviance, and ‘hunting humans,'” according to an affidavit posted by the Morning Call. The search also turned up a planner with notes indicating Horvath was stalking someone, the affidavit says.
The evidence was more than enough for prosecutors, who charged Horvath on Thursday with homicide, abuse of a corpse, evidence tampering and kidnapping.
“There wasn't one ‘ah-ha' moment,” Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Joseph Sokolofski said in a news conference.
“We investigate everyone and one by one they were out,” they said. “They had an alibi, and it kept coming back to Mr. Horvath.”
Attorney information for Horvath was not available Thursday and they did not appear to have entered a plea.  They are being held without bail in Monroe County, Pa., LehighValleyLive reported.
If Horvath is convicted, authorities will have cracked one of the region's most closely watched missing person cases in recent years. Friends and family have kept the pressure on investigators to find Grim or their killer, holding vigils over the years to raise awareness.
The last time anyone saw Grim was the morning of Nov. 22, 2013, when the 41-year-old had dropped their son off at the bus stop, according to LehighValleyLive. Grim's mother first reported them missing after they were unable to reach them on their cellphone or at work.
“It's as if they just completely vanished,” Grim's friend, Erica Seither, told the Reading Eagle a year after Grim disappeared. “And we know — everyone who knows Holly knows — that this doesn't make sense.”
When police searched the trailer where Grim lived, they found their car in the driveway and evidence of a struggle: an unlocked door, an overturned ashtray and a spilled coffee mug. They also found a bloodstain on the trailer.
Investigators interviewed Horvath three times in as many years, the first time just a couple of weeks after Grim went missing. Police noted that they were late for work that morning but did not interview them again until the following summer, according to the Morning Call. On that occasion, they let police take a DNA sample. It matched the bloodstain on Grim's trailer, they said.
The final interview came in April 2016, when they told police about a woman they called the morning Grim went missing. The woman had told investigators earlier that they had met them on an adult dating website, but stopped seeing them because they found some of their remarks “disturbing,” the Morning Call reported.
It took five more months, but in September, police got a warrant to search Horvath's house and yard. The affidavit says they uncovered a collection of violent and pornographic videos, magazines and sex toys in a fanny pack “or similar bag suggestive of portability.” They also found shackles and other devices used for restraint, along with several Tasers and stun guns.
Lab tests of two pieces of rib bone concluded they were Grim's, according to the affidavit. A coroner ruled that Grim died by “homicidal violence,” but authorities did not disclose exactly how or when they died.
Grim's mother, Jeanette Grim, did not speak publicly Thursday. In an interview with the Reading Eagle in October 2014, they said the two of them lived in the same mobile home park and rode to work together every day until Jeanette Grim retired. They said their daughter was a fan of race cars, spending their free time at a racetrack with their boyfriend.
“It's always hard to lose a child but this,” they said. “If you could make sense of it, I guess it would help.”
4.2k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
This weekend, a far-right, anti-government group calling itself Patriots For America, plans to organize a ‘huge' march on Washington, D.C. The march is supposed to be the first phase of a plan they are calling Operation American Spring. The organizer of this event, retired US Army Colonel Harry Riley, is claiming that they may get up to 10 million ‘patriots' to attend this ‘peaceful' march on the nation's capital. The intent of the march is supposed to be to show the country's current leaders that they are violating the US Constitution and that the nation's citizens would like them to be removed from office.
Let's get this out of the way. There is NO WAY this crackpot is going to get 10 million people to march on Washington. He'll be lucky if they can get 10,000 people to make their way to this event. And, honestly, 10,000 seems like a very, very high estimate. Currently, the Facebook page for Operation American Spring has fewer than 24,000 likes. However, judging from the comments on the page, it is possible that a large percentage of those liking the page are progressives and Occupy-types who are just there to contradict the nonsensical posts left on the page. The event's official website, an amateurish, haphazard mess, has a global Alexa ranking of 146,000 and an American ranking of 30,000. Not bad for a blog, but it hardly instills confidence if you are hoping to attract millions of people to an event.
The three phases of Operation American Spring are hilarious. It displays the extreme delusions of the group, as Riley and their followers apparently think they can create a huge uprising that will overthrow the government and then place a tribunal of Tea Party darlings in charge. Below are the three phases, per the website:
Phase 1 - Field millions, as many as ten million, patriots who will assemble in a peaceful, non-violent, physically unarmed (Spiritually/Constitutionally armed), display of unswerving loyalty to the US Constitution and against the incumbent government leadership, in Washington, D.C., with the mission to replace with law abiding leadership. Go full-bore, no looking back, steadfast in the mission. Phase 2 – One million or more of the assembled 10 million must be prepared to stay in D.C. as long as it takes to see Obama, Biden, Reid, McConnell, Boehner, Pelosi, and Attorney General Holder removed from office.
Consistent with the US Constitution, as required, the U.S. Congress will take appropriate action, execute appropriate legislation, deal with vacancies, or U.S. States will appoint replacements for positions vacated consistent with established constitutional requirements. Phase 3 - Those with the principles of a West, Cruz, Dr. Ben Carson, Lee, DeMint, Paul, Gov Walker, Sessions, Gowdy, Jordan, should comprise a tribunal and assume positions of authority to convene investigations, recommend appropriate charges against politicians and government employees to the new U.S. Attorney General appointed by the new President. *All actions in Phase 2 & 3 will be consistent with the U.S. Constitution.
As you can see, one million people must plan to occupy Washington for as long as it takes to remove all of the traitors of the Constitution from office. Once they can get all of these illegal occupants of office removed, they can then set up a tribunal, comprised of those with the right principles, that will then go about levying charges on all of the lawbreakers of the Constitution and put America back on the right track. Sure, it may sound like a coup, but that's what you have to do when your Constitutional rights are being trampled on!
Anyway, this is all going to go down just like all of the other so-called ‘huge' events that were supposed to show President Obama and other elected officials in Washington that the Tea Party has had enough with their flouting of the Constitution. Remember when Matt Kibbe of FreedomWorks claimed that over 1 million people attended Glenn Beck's 9-12 rally in 2009, only for it to be revealed that the number was actually around 60,000? Then you had the following year's Restoring Honor Rally, also organized by Beck. While Rep. Michelle Bachmann (R-MN) claimed that there were a million people there, actual crowd estimates put it closer to 80,000.
Those two actually had lots of promotion and actual infrastructure due to Beck's media visibility at the time. Attempts since to rally a million angry conservatives to D.C. have been laughingly bad. There was the whole ‘Ride for the Constitution' trucker protest that was supposed to occur last year during the federal government shutdown. The organizer claimed that a few thousand rigs would circle the nation's capital for three days, disrupting traffic as a sign of protest. In the end, only bout a couple dozen actual big rigs participated, along with a handful of supporters in pickup trucks.
There have also been attempts to have gun rights advocates march on D.C. to protest both the nation's and district's gun laws. A 2nd Amendment march in 2010 attracted a few hundred protesters. Meanwhile, last year's planned ‘Open Carry March,' that was scheduled for July 4th, never did occur, based partially on how amazingly bad the idea was, but also because it looked like nobody would show. Instead, the event's organizer went alone and then loaded a gun on Freedom Plaza. I guess they showed who's who!
In the end, this event will be a laughingstock, mainly due to the outsized expectations of its organizers. It is true, the Republican Party as a whole has shifted farther to the right due to the Tea Party's influence. However, it appears that events and rallies like this one are a bit too much for most conservatives' appetites.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
1st Vidme Update (2017) | Mr. A.T. Andrei Thomas
Upload date:
April 4 2017
Uploaded by:
MrATAndreiThomas
Video description:
this is my 1st Vidme Update (2017) people people Hello There the Names Mr. A.T. Andrei Thomas so far i just want to say thank you to all you bro knights for reaching me up to 185 followers and for given me my first over 100 up voting my video titled "YouTube Downfall (BOYCOTT) 2017 | Mr. A.T." https://vid.me/pDNC as soon as i reach up to two hundred followers and over i'll be doing my 9 shout out video who are part of the A.T. Bro Knight Army. also some is fishy about VBF as i discovered it was shut down and i think is that traitorous scumbag from Zippcast is behind this. thanks to every single bro knight who's been following me on my channel. BLOG: http://mratandreithomas.blogspot.co.uk DISCORD: https://discord.me/MrATAndreiThomas SOCIALS: VidbitFuture: https://vidbitfuture.co/MrATAndreiThomas Twitter: https://twitter.com/MrATOfficial VidMe: https://vid.me/MrATAndreiThomas MetaJolt: https://metajolt.com/MrATAndreiThomas Pinterest: https://pinterest.com/MrATOfficial Facebook: http://facebook.com/MrATAndreiThomas Instagram: http://instagram.com/MrATAndreiThomas DeviantArt: http://MrATAndreiThomas.deviantart.com Tumblr: http://MrATAndreiThomas.tumblr.com Thank YOU so much for watching and stay awesome to the max bro-knights, © A.T. Arttles / Andrei Digital Media. The Main Brand Title MR. A.T. ANDREI THOMAS®, THE ARTISTIC KNIGHT alone with The Mr. A.T. Silhouette Face mark Logo and The Mark of The Artistic Knight Symbol are both Registered Trademarks of A.T. Arttles Ltd. All Rights Reserved. All of the Visual Qualities of The MR. A.T. ANDREI THOMAS® Franchises, including The MR. A.T. ANDREI THOMAS® SPEED DRAWINGS EXTREME Series and Other MR. A.T. ANDREI THOMAS® Events are Filmed and Photographed using Both The Nokia and Sony Devices as its Copyrighted by A.T. Arttles Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The VidMe Logo is Copyrighted by VidMe All Rights Reserved. The Nokia Logo is Copyrighted by the Nokia Corporation All Rights Reserved. And The Sony Logo is Copyrighted by the Sony Corporation All Rights Reserved #Vidme #vidmecommunity #update #updatevideo #update2017 #vidmeupdate #vidmeexclusive #thankyouvidme #BroKnights #mratandreithomas #theredartisticknight #theartisticknight #over100followers #100followers #vlog
Total views:
238
“If you just give up and say, ‘Look I can't go back to work, I'm just going to stay home,' why, you're no longer part of the employment statistics. So it looks like unemployment is getting better, but the truth is, if the same share of people were participating in the workforce today as on the day the president got elected, our unemployment rate would be around 11 percent.”
— Mitt Romney, Oct. 5, 2012
The announcement Friday that the unemployment rate had dropped below 8 percent deprived the Romney campaign of one its favorite talking points (“42 months of unemployment above 8 percent”). Never mind that this is more of a psychological barrier than anything else, since the rate has bounced around enough that it will take some time to see if this is a permanent shift.
But Romney was quick to point out a new figure — a suggestion that the real apples-to-apples unemployment rate with the start of Obama's term would be 11 percent. We have previously explored the details of another unemployment rate — the U-6, which includes part-timers looking for full-time work — that conservatives have touted. But what is this new metric?
The Facts
On the surface, Romney's point seems reasonable. The labor force participation rate in January 2009 was 65.7, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data. Had the rate remained the same, the labor force would be about 160,158,000. At the current employment level, the unemployment rate would be 10.7 percent.
But this assumes all things are equal in the labor force, when in fact it is constantly churning and evolving. In particular, besides the aftermath of the Great Recession, the composition of the labor force has been affected by the retirement of the leading edge of the Baby Boom generation.
Our colleagues at WonkBlog explored this issue earlier this year, showing that the peak of the labor force participation rate, or LFPR, was reached during the end of President Bill Clinton's term and that since then it has been on a downward track. “If the same percentage of adults were in the workforce today as when Barack Obama took office, the unemployment rate would be 11.1 percent,” the column noted. “If the percentage was where it was when George W. Bush took office, the unemployment rate would be 13.1 percent.”
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago in March estimated that just over half of the post-1999 decline in the labor force participation rate was explained by long-running demographic patterns, such as the retirement of the baby boomers. “These patterns are expected to continue, offsetting LFPR improvements due to economic recovery,” the study said.
In other words, all things did not remain equal.
The Pinocchio Test
Romney's assertion is too facile to constitute sound economic analysis.  They are certainly welcome to blame Obama for problems in the economy, but they can't blame them for long-running demographic trends such as the retirement of the baby-boom generation. Romney needs to adjust their statistic to account for that fact.
Two Pinocchios
(About our rating scale)
Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .
Track each presidential candidate's campaign ads
Read our biggest Pinocchios
Share
More than 2.1 million Americans are still treating themselves to the aural ecstasy that is the AOL dial-up connection to the Internet, according to the company's latest quarterly earnings report.
The striking number was found in AOL's earnings report for the first quarter of 2015, which was published Friday. It's a startling reminder: More than 2.1 million Americans are still paying about $20 per month for Internet access at the leisurely speed of 56 kilobits per second. For someone on a 56kbps connection, it would take longer than five minutes to load an average Web page, which is about 2.1 megabytes, according to the HTTP Archive.
AOL's earnings report notes that the 2.1 million figure includes “subscribers participating in introductory free-trial periods and subscribers that are paying no monthly fees or reduced monthly fees through member service and retention programs.” In the first quarter of 2015, the average revenue per user was $20.83.
The number of AOL's dial-up customers is declining, albeit at a slow pace. In the first quarter of 2014, AOL had more than 2.4 million dial-up customers, and in the fourth quarter of 2014 the company had 2.2 million dial-up customers.
A 2013 Pew Internet Project report found that 70 percent of Americans actually had broadband at home. About 80 percent of U.S. homes have access to broadband connections that deliver download speeds of 25Mbps or faster, according to remarks from FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in September.
Even if dial-up users switched to good old U.S. broadband, they'd experience speeds that trail those in many countries around the world. The U.S. ranked No. 16 in the world with an average broadband speed of 11.1Mbps in the fourth quarter of 2014, according to Akamai.
A 2008 report from the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that 62 percent of dial-up users simply weren't interested in switching to broadband. Of this group, 35 percent said lower prices would compel them to make the switch, while 14 percent said broadband would have to be available where they live.
The Sydney Roosters have today welcomed the announcement of the redevelopment of Allianz Stadium to a world-class venue, which will be the future home of the Foundation Club.
“We welcome today's announcement by the NSW Government, which will ensure that Sydney Roosters Members, Corporate Partners and Supporters are provided with world-class facilities.
In a world first, the new Stadium will operate in two modes – ‘Club Mode' with a 30,000 capacity and ‘Championship Mode' which will open the stadium to a 45,000 capacity.
This configuration will provide an unparalleled match day experience,” said Roosters Chief Executive Joe Kelly.
An artist impression of the proposed locker rooms in the new stadium.
Together with the other members of the Alliance of Moore Park Sports, the Roosters will work closely with the NSW Government and SCG Trust to ensure that the common aim of the delivery of world-leading facilities for spectators, athletes and officials is achieved.
The new venue is scheduled to open in 2021 with development to commence upon the conclusion of the 2018 NRL season.
Throughout the redevelopment, Sydney Roosters Members will continue to have access to priority seating as part of their membership packages, with home games scheduled to be played at Allianz Stadium to be relocated to the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG).
“Not only do the Roosters – and the game of rugby league – boast a proud history at the SCG, it's also pleasing that we are able to ensure that any dislocation to our Members and stakeholders throughout the redevelopment is minimal, as our temporary home ground, the recently-renovated SCG, is located within the same precinct,” said Mr Kelly.
The Sydney Roosters will continue to keep Members, Corporate Partners and Supporters updated throughout the redevelopment.
Usually we can build out a new instance of a .Net object we have to use New-Object and pass the required parameters to accomplish this. Or at least that is the most common approach to the subject. We can also use [activator] type as well to build out the same instance with a little bit better performance. Both of these are compatible since at least V2 (I don't deal with V1, so someone who still has this running can verify in the comments). And even sometimes you can use a hash table with a .Net type to build out the instance as well (works well with WPF and WinForms).
Refresher
We need to find a .Net type that will make for a good demo. For this I will go with Net.Sockets.TCPClient as it allows some extra arguments to supply if needed.
I now need to see what kind of parameters are available with this type. I can find this easily by using my Get-Constructor function that I wrote back here.
Get-Constructor Net.Sockets.TcpClient
I can see 4 possible constructor possibilities here. For the sake of examples, I will use the last one requiring a hostname and a port to check against.
On a side note, if you wanted to see how many .Net types have constructors, you can give this a run:
[appdomain]::CurrentDomain.GetAssemblies() | ForEach {$_.GetExportedTypes() | Where { $_.GetConstructors() }} | Select -Expand FullName | Sort | Out-Host -Paging
New-Object Approach
This is the most common approach that 99% of everyone in PowerShell uses when they create a .Net instance (or COM object, but I am not focused on COM today). Using New-Object is simple to use, just run the cmdlet, pass the .Net type and any arguments, if required.
New-Object Net.Sockets.TcpClient –ArgumentList $Env:Computername, 135
[activator] Approach
This is a lesser known (OK, probably more like almost unknown) approach that you can use to create both a .Net instance or COM object. This is done by using the [Activator] type accelerator and using the CreateInstance() method.
There are a lot of possible method parameters here, but the one I am focused on is the use of the Type and System.Object[] parameters to add the required values in the creation of the object.
[Activator]::CreateInstance([Net.Sockets.TcpClient], @($Env:Computername,135))
Same as New-Object, I connect to the system and validate that port 135 is open.
What's NEW
Now for the new approach to performing the same thing as what we have done with New-Object and [Activator]::CreateInstance(). In PowerShell V5 (currently in September Preview at the time of this post), all .Net types have an added New() operator which allows you to construct .Net instances more easily. More than just that, you also now have a way to see the possible constructor parameter options as well.
Just like with my function, we can see the actual parameter name as well as the type that the parameter is expecting to be passed into it. So, in this case, I will use the same approach as before and supply the required parameters to do a port check.
[Net.Sockets.TcpClient]::New($Env:Computername, 135)
Perfect! As you can see, I get the exact same output as the previous approaches. So can this be used for anything that has an available constructor? Well, for the most part, you can. I have found at least one instance where there appears to be some sort of issue. For some reason, DateTime throws a casting error when using PSCreateInstanceBinder. I'm not sure why this is happening, but asked the question on the MVP mailing list and will provide an answer when I hear back from someone on whether this is a bug or something else. (08 SEPT 2014): This was confirmed as a bug by the PowerShell team.
Performance Testing
The last thing I wanted to see with this is which one is the fastest to build out the .Net instance. I wanted to use DateTime as the type, but since that one has some flawed issues with the New() method, I am going with Net.Sockets.TcpClient and supplying no parameters to make sure the test is as clean as possible in just creating an object that is waiting for some action. So with that I ran a quick check…
{$Time = (1..1E5 | ForEach { (Measure-Command { New-Object Net.Sockets.TcpClient }).TotalMilliseconds } | Measure-Object -Average).Average [pscustomobject]@{ Name = “New-Object” Type = 'Net.Sockets.TCPClient' Cycles = 100000 MillisecondsSeconds = [math]::Round($Time,4) } $Time = (1..1E5 | ForEach { (Measure-Command { [Activator]::CreateInstance([Net.Sockets.TcpClient]) }).TotalMilliseconds } | Measure-Object -Average).Average [pscustomobject]@{ Name = “[Activator]::CreateInstance()” Type = 'Net.Sockets.TCPClient' Cycles = 100000 MillisecondsSeconds = [math]::Round($Time,4) } $Time = (1..1E5 | ForEach { (Measure-Command { [Net.Sockets.TcpClient]::New() }).TotalMilliseconds } | Measure-Object -Average).Average [pscustomobject]@{ Name = “[&lt;Type&gt;]::New()” Type = 'Net.Sockets.TCPClient' Cycles = 100000 MillisecondsSeconds = [math]::Round($Time,4) }}.InvokeReturnAsIs() | Format-Table -AutoSize
… and got the following results:
The Activator approach has an incredibly small performance difference than with using the New() operator. In fact, those two could go either way (and in fact they did on multiple tests). But the bigger thing to notice is that New-Object is slower than both of them. In the big scheme of things, it really isn't that big of a performance impact, but if you are looking to squeeze as much performance as you can from your scripts, then either New() or [activator]::CreateInstance() would be the way to go. Note that [activator] is good with PowerShell V2 for backwards compatibility on your scripts.
Dita and their bosom buddies asdf Burlesque bombshell and retro queen, Dita Von Teese, launched their line of unmentionables for Wonderbra yesterday in London. The "Wonderbra by Dita Von Teese" collection, which is inspired by old Hollywood glamour, includes beautiful bras, gorgeous garter belts, pretty panties, and...sexy suspenders? Um, Dita doll, where exactly do the suspenders come in?
Perhaps they were hot bedroom accessories in the 1950s, which is the era that Dita looked to for inspiration. The end result is a very vintage feel combining shapes from the 1950s and fabrics from the 1940s. asdf "I took all the best bits of the most beautiful vintage lingerie I have collected over the years to make this," Dita said. "But I made sure it was all really comfortable, too, which vintage lingerie can't really claim to be." Well if any of their pieces will give me their waistline without cracking a rib, I'm sold.
And Dita wants you to get it poppin' in the bedroom too! One bra-bottom combo features a quick-release magnetic clasp, “making daring stripteases a cinch,” according to Wonderbra. This is a line after my own heart!
But, says Dita, “Lingerie shouldn't be something you just put on for your lover; you should do it for you. It's not about seducing men, it's about embracing womanhood.” Can we just tawk for a moment about how much I la la love her? If I had the time, energy, wardrobe, money and job, I would dress like them every day of my life. I'm seriously thinking about being them for Halloween this year. And yes, it would give me an excuse to run around with little to nothing on. Isn't that what Halloween is all about?
But I digress. The limited edition lingerie collection is currently available in Europe and will soon be available online at http://www.asos.com/. Pick it up!
Source/Source
It's been a few days as we took some rest from BlizzCon 2015, and then suddenly Blizzard took the liberty of taking away our remaining free time by releasing StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void. As many speculated, the latest expansion is surely a hit since almost everyone is praising their heart out about the game.The lore of the 17 year old legacy is finally coming to an end with the expansion as the game takes you on a journey to finally claim home for Protoss and bring an end to the evil in Koprulu.The new campaign will let you take the role of Artanis and also includes many new features including automated tournaments, Co-Op missions as well as Archon Mode.Blizzard Entertainment CEO, Mike Morhaime made the following statement about the expansion;One of the most promising feature in Legacy of the Void is the above stated Archon Mode in which two players join hands to control a single base and fight the enemy in multiplayer mode. Co-op missions also are a spice of the expansion as players can now team up to complete different challenges to level up on the ladder.StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void developer Jack Huck also gave their two cents by commenting on how the game breaking expansion came into form.Blizzard's plans on Starcraft's future are still unrevealed but rest assured that there is a lot to come for the award winning RTS.If you haven't got your hands on StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void yet, then you are missing a lot to say the least.
Can't win due to Lag? Try Kill Ping for Free
Following the tragic suicide bombing on Monday outside an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England (and the 2015 Bataclan attack before that), concerns over security at live music events has been on a lot of people's minds. Sasquatch Festival, which happens Memorial Day Weekend in Gorge, Washington, announced that it and “all Live Nation events are on mandatory elevated risk protocols.” Specifically, no bags or backpacks will be permitted into the venue, except for small personal bags or purses (12″ x 12″ x 6″ max) or clear 1 gallon bags. All bags will be subject to search. To encourage bringing no bags whatever to the fest, there will be an express “no bags” entry lane. More details in the poster above.
Other Live Nation festivals include NYC's Governors Ball, Bonnaroo, The Meadows, ACL Fest, and Lollapalooza.
—
I played The Witness to an ending, and then I went back and played until I had finished it to my satisfaction. (504 +82. I looked at just two hints, and no thanks, I am not going to beat the Hall of the Mountain King. Two of my friends did; I am happy to bask in their reflected glory.)
The Witness must be the most painfully-analyzed game release of the past few years. Painstakingly-analyzed? Both. I haven't even gone looking for the discussion threads. They're out there, because we all love to talk.
So I doubt I can say much. But (I love to talk) I will take a shot at the aspect I find most interesting, which is the game's presentation of its point of view. Your point of view? Both.
(This post will contain very general spoilers about the kinds of puzzles in The Witness.)
You can't talk about The Witness without mentioning Myst, but The Witness has curiously little to say about Myst. "Curiously" because Braid, the designer's previous game, was an extended and careful riff on Super Mario Brothers. Oh, it was plenty of things beyond that. But the design of Braid reflected SMB in its art, its enemy design, its jumping mechanics, and its frame story of a lost princess. And this was not unreasonable, because SMB has (perhaps retroactively) assumed the mantle of a videogame archetype.
So when I heard that Jon Blow's next game would be puzzles on a mysterious island, I said "Oh, he's doing Myst now." Myst is as much a videogame archetype as Adventure and Tetris. Taking apart Myst's conventions and assumptions won't necessarily make a great game (it might get you no farther than Pyst did) but it could be an excellent launching point.
Well, as everyone informed me the minute The Witness launched, it's not Jon Blow doing Myst. They went off in other directions -- fine. (One could make the argument that it's more of a riff on Portal.) But we can still pick up the thread, because it is a first-person graphical environment, and the conventions of Myst's design loom over all such games.
You are you; the game is your view of the world; you act by manipulating the world directly. These ideas were never perfectly implemented -- the original mouse cursor and 544-pixel-wide window strained to hold the illusion of being your hand and your eye. But the ideal seemed so obvious as to require no argument.
The Witness, with due consideration and no explanation(*) at all, rejects each of these conventions. Not blatantly; you won't even notice at first. But they all fall apart upon inspection. A disagreement so understated and distinct must be deliberate, I think.
(* Until near the end. We'll get there.)
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday, March 16, 2010
Shameful Zionist propaganda lobby group The Simon Wiesenthal Center has issued a report which smears people who question government as racists and terrorists, labeling conspiracy theories “hate” in the latest crusade against free speech on the Internet.
In an article entitled, Terrorists Targeting Children Via Facebook, Twitter, Fox News affords sympathetic coverage to the 2010 Digital Terrorism and Hate report, which lumps in “conspiracy theories” with “lone wolf extremists,” “bomb making instructions” and “hate games,” implying that dissemination of “conspiracy theories” also amounts to some form of child abuse.
The intention is clear – to smear anyone upset at the mass financial raping they have been subject to, anyone expresses dissent and suspicion towards the federal government, as a racist, extremist, a child abuser, or even a terrorist.
This is merely the latest assault on Internet free speech to coincide with efforts on behalf of numerous governments to censor the Internet as well as the U.S. government's efforts to control and regulate the world wide web under the guise of Cybersecurity
In reality, the only peddlers of “hate” are the Simon Wiesenthal Center itself. Their latest report is yet another salvo in the long-standing agenda to silence what they characterize as “conspiracy theories,” but what in fact constitute legitimate criticism of the abuses committed by Israel against Palestinians.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
One of the “conspiracy theories” cited in the report, along with questioning the official 9/11 story (a form of “hate” shared by no less than 84 per cent of the entire U.S. population), is listed in the Fox News report as “organ theft,” which presumably relates to a Swedish newspaper report about Israel killing Palestinians in order to use their organs, a claim Israel labeled “anti-semitic”.
However, a subsequent London Guardian report confirmed that Israel had routinely harvested organs from dead Palestinians without their family's consent. Indeed, the former head of Israel's forensic institute, Dr Yehuda Hiss, admitted to this in a television documentary.
So how The Simon Wiesenthal Center can label organ theft a “conspiracy theory” when one of Israel's top state doctors openly admitted it occurred on a routine basis is bewildering, but this isn't about logic or facts, it's about demonizing legitimate political opposition to the misdeeds of Israel as hate crime.
Anyone who has studied The Simon Wiesenthal Center's disdain for free speech will understand that such smear tactics are par for the course.
As Jewish scholar Norman G. Finkelstein explains in their monumental book, The Holocaust Industry: Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering, the Simon Wiesenthal Center played a fundamental role in smearing Swiss banks as depositories of looted Nazi gold supposedly stolen from Jewish holocaust victims during world war two, a claim completely overblown and exploited for financial profit on behalf of Jewish organizations interested only in filling their own coffers with little or nothing of the proceeds going to actual holocaust survivors, as Finkelstein documents.
In resolving to target “conspiracy theories” by grouping them together with racism and terrorism, the Simon Wiesenthal Center is following in the footsteps of the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center, two other purveyors of Zionist propaganda and anti-American intimidation tactics aimed at crushing dissent.
The SPLC released a report earlier this month promulgating the notion that domestic terrorists were being provoked to commit violence by Internet “conspiracy theories,” which just days later was followed by the suspicious Pentagon shooting, an event swiftly exploited by the corporate media in order to demonize 9/11 truth activists as a deadly threat, despite the fact that there was not one previous instance of a 9/11 truther committing violence or any crime in pursuit of their cause.
The Latvian Foreign Ministry has announced it will refuse visas to Russian citizens who hold passports featuring Crimea as part of the Russian Federation.
A ministry spokesperson told the BNS news agency the passport holder would be asked to get a passport with a correctly indicated birthplace in order for a successful visa application.
According to the UNIAN news agency, as early as December 2013, Russian citizens had been receiving passports featuring Crimea as Russian territory.
The Russian Federation annexed Crimea in March 2014.
The Lithuanian Foreign Ministry believes it has evidence to back up UNIAN's claim.
The Lithuanian embassy in Kiev confirmed the Lithuanian consulate in the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad, had rejected a visa application from a Russian citizen, whose passport specified their birthplace as Crimea as part of the Russian Federation.
In its Twitter feed, the ministry published a photograph of the passport, which specified Crimea/Russia as their place of birth.
According to the photograph, the passport was issued in December of 2013, to a Russian citizen born in 1992.
Since the passport had been issued in December 2013 Lithuania's Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius believes it confirms Moscow's plans to annex Crimea.
"The passport had been issued a few months prior to the annexation of Crimea,” said Linkevicius. “This, along with other facts, shows Russia's consistent preparations for the annexation of the region.”
“The annexation had nothing to do with the alleged violations of Russian-speakers' rights, and the bogus referendum - the results of which the international community refused to recognise.
“It was a smokescreen for the take-over of Crimea that had been planned in advance.
“The facts highlight something Russia has itself indirectly admitted to.”
The use of the Baltic News Service information for commercial purposes is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of JSC BNS.
Fortunately, their hometown newspaper, the When I first heard the story of Jeanne Rogers, I was skeptical that this woman even existed. For one thing, every article I found about them either cited web pages that no longer existed or simply cited other unsourced articles. Secondly, if my luck was anywhere near as bad as hers, I would have probably died/locked myself in a padded room years ago.Fortunately, their hometown newspaper, the Bangor Daily News , was scanned and archived by the good folks at Google. The following was revealed in an interview they did with the paper about their incredibly awful streak of bad luck through the years.
1967
While on a cruise with a friend to Martha's Vineyard, rain had made the ship's deck floor incredibly wet. This, however, did not deter Rogers and their friend from trying to take a picture by the rails. For those of you that haven't guessed what happens next, Rogers slipped and fell over the side into the water.
The hilarious/scary part comes when their friend ran to get help, but slipped on the floor of the deck and was knocked unconscious. Fortunately for Rogers (who still had their life vest on), the ship was eventually alerted that a passenger had fallen overboard and they went back to retrieve her...an hour later
1971
While waiting for a bus in Hartford, Connecticut, Rogers was struck by a bolt of lighting. Instead of giving them superpowers, it blew off their shoes, burned a small hole into their right ankle, and melted their pantyhose into their legs. The damage to their nerves was so severe that they are now unable to wear shoes, even in the winter.
1973
Rogers was struck by lightning again, this time on a metal bracelet that they were wearing. Fortunately, they did not suffer any major injuries from this incident.
"Not gonna mess you up this time, just
reminding you I'm here...and I can still kill you."
1981
Them husband, who they have since divorced, came home one night in a drunken stupor night and attempted to strangle them to death.
By this point, anyone would hope/expect that the earth was done taking on giant dump on their head, but Rogers troubles still had a ways to go. The following incidents do not have a specific year attached to them:
The Mugging
One day while running errands for their place of work, 3 men attacked Rogers and took their pocketbook. Instead of just being satisfied with that, one of the robbers decided to also take a silver bracelet they were wearing that was a gift from their sister.
Rogers completely Hulked Out and socked the guy in the nose, causing the other muggers to flee. While thwarting a mugging attempt may seem like a turning of their luck from bad to good, things were about to get much worse.
Bat Attack
One day while delivering orders for the cosmetic company they worked for (seriously...they still sent them out of the office and into the world that seemed to want to kill her), Rogers had their young son along with them As they walked through Middlefield, Connecticut, they looked up in the sky and said "Mommy, funny bird! Mommy, funny bird!"
Before they could recall if they had ever consumed alcohol during their pregnancy, a bat swooped down and embedded itself in their hair. Rogers began running to different houses, knocking on the doors, and pleading for help. Each time they were met with screams (and probably a few profanities) and a door slammed in their face, which just ticked the bat off even more. This caused the creature to dig its claws into their scalp even deeper and urinate excessively on their head.
They finally ran across a "friend" who offered them help...in the form of shoving their car keys at Rogers and telling them to drive themselves to a vet. When Rogers arrived (and what must have been the most bizarre and uncomfortable car ride ever), the vet put a mesh bag over their head and sprayed smoke into it, which dehydrated the creature to the point of falling asleep and out of Rogers hair.
Rogers was forced to wear a beret (before hipsters got to say it was a cliche style choice) for 3 months while their hair grew back from where the bat had ripped it out.
Seeing Way Too Much of Their Neighborhood
While swimming at the Hartford, Connecticut YMCA, Rogers heard an announcement over the P.A. system that there was a phone call for "Rogers" at the front desk.
As they left the pool, they inadvertently (or so they say) pulled the cord of another man's swim trunks. As Rogers finished answering the phone call (which was actually for her), the front desk attendant informed them that another person with the last name Rogers had also attempted to leave the pool, but it seemed that they had inadvertently pulled their pants down in front of everyone.
To their credit, Mr. Rogers was just as nice in person as they were on the show and actually apologized to them for getting the way of their exit. Their name: Fred Rogers...as in the Mr. Rogers of the popular childrens' television show, Mister Rogers Neighborhood To their credit, Mr. Rogers was just as nice in person as they were on the show and actually apologized to them for getting the way of their exit.
Why don't you try taking me out to dinner first, good neighbor?
Jeanne Rogers says that they can now laugh at the series of unfortunate events that have befallen them over the years. When asked if they ever feared some sort of freakish, accidental death, Rogers simply replied:
"Dying doesn't scare me, but living scares the crap out of me."
"I think I ate too many rodents and insects today;
there's gotta be some lady's hair I can land in and poop all over..."
My advice to Ms. Rogers: Considering your luck, it would probably best best not to invoke the words "crap," "poop," or any other term for fecal matter. That's one area that you haven't seemed to have had a mishap with...yet.
Reading The Game: Inside
Enlarge this image toggle caption Playdead Studios
For years now, some of the best, wildest, most moving or revealing stories we've been telling ourselves have come not from books, movies or TV, but from video games. So we're running an occasional series, Reading The Game, in which we take a look at some of these games from a literary perspective.
I begin the game as a boy, on the run from dogs in a dark forest. I end it as something else entirely, lying exhausted on a beach, the dawn sun just beginning to rise. In between, a story happens — disturbing and moving and deeply, deeply weird. There are robots and sea monsters, zombies and scientists, a war (maybe), and possibly the end of the world.
And not a single word has been spoken.
Inside is an experiment. The developers (Playdead, who also made the game Limbo, similar in many ways to Inside) gave it the spine of one of the most primal of videogame forms — the puzzle platformer. You run, you jump, you push things and pull them. There is an internal design language to it that is the common tongue of the videogame world — a thing you know in your fingertips if you know anything at all.
But to that (around it, above and below it) they have added the skin of a terrible (read: wonderful) story of death and darkness and science run amok.
You come to Inside, like I did, in the dark and in a panic. You are a small boy, sliding down a hill. A boy in a red jacket with no superpowers. No guns. No bombs. No name. A boy with nothing but the ability to run and jump and swim. A boy.
There is no tutorial, no pop-ups explaining what the buttons do or what the boy can do. You either know it in your bones, this physical language of button-pushing, or you don't. But one thing is obvious: something bad has happened, and you (as this perfectly ordinary boy) have to run. Now.
Wordless. Nearly soundless but for the crunch of sneakers on gravel, the scrape of doors. Gasping breath. In the forest, there are men with guns and masks who will catch you and kill you if you are not fast enough. There are dogs that will tear you to pieces. You will traverse the forest, hiding from the searchlights, and then cross the abandoned highway just out of sight of the roadblock, slide down the embankment, splash into the awful, gray puddles. And that's when you start seeing all the dead pigs.
Inside's story is all in the visuals — the images of the dusty, silent factory, the flooded laboratory spaces, the city where the brainwashed zombies walk and shuffle and hop in neat, orderly rows. It is in the perfect animations of the boy, sprinting and sneaking; the design that makes nearly all of their escapes so skin-of-the-teeth that you want to watch them through your fingers as the jaws snap just behind their foot rattling over the top of the chain-link fence.
Your love for the boy (and you will come to love that boy) is a protective one. If you are like me, you will hesitate at the edges of things that you know will be dangerous. That will likely get them killed (closely clustered checkpoint restarts are one of Inside's few mercies). You will linger at the edge of the water, knowing that something is down there in the depths, waiting for you where you are weakest. You will hear the sound of dogs or massive, earth-shaking explosions going off in the distance and you will crouch protectively behind a wall, afraid to push forward.
You run because running is what you're best at. And the story, wordlessly, tells itself. Or gives you the world, anyway, and lets you tell your own story inside it.
But then you will because this is a game, and because forward is the only real option available to you. And because forward is where the story lies. Where the answers are. Like a film-loop, each advancing scene adds to the silent mass of the story that Inside is telling — the living pigs at the farm are infected with some kind of parasite that makes them crazy. Why? How? Why is every person you see either trying to catch you, stop you, kill you, or dead? Or a brainless thing, controlled by some unseen force, shuffling forward into waiting cages and trucks? Where are they going?
Only forward. Always forward, away from you, faster than you can travel. So you follow because you must. Through offices, recently vacated (smoke still curling from an ashtray, a phone ominously swinging near the door) or old, ruined subways.
You run because running is what you're best at. And the story, wordlessly, tells itself. Or gives you the world, anyway, and lets you tell your own story inside it. You will never even know the boy's name. You will never know what happened. You will never know the why of anything, but the possibility space it opens in your head will be vast and sad and quiet and full of monsters.
In the end, there is a twist I promise you will not see coming. A deep dive into strangeness that answers nothing and makes every question even more frightening. Who are you, really? And what have you done?
You are just a boy in a world beyond explanations. And you run because there are no other choices. Inside only tells the story of what you are running toward.
What happens after is entirely up to you.
Jason Sheehan knows stuff about food, videogames, books and Starblazers.  They are currently the restaurant critic at Philadelphia magazine, but when no one is looking, they spend their time writing books about giant robots and ray guns. Tales From the Radiation Age is their latest book.
This commentary originally appeared in the June 19, 2017 issue of SpaceNews magazine.
China's counterspace strategy is based on taking advantage of not only its own strengths but also the weaknesses of its potential adversaries. Such a strategy can reinforce the United States' inertia in following essentially the same national security space strategy since the dawn of the space age that can only deal with traditional threats. Thereby, China can use a new threat to achieve its ultimate goal of deterring U.S. military intervention in the Asia-Pacific theater and can accomplish this without firing a shot.
In 2007, China successfully tested its ground-based direct-ascent anti-satellite (ASAT) ballistic missile. Seemingly, China did not expect the worldwide outcry over the space debris created by the test. Mallory Stewart, the State Department's deputy assistant secretary for emerging security challenges and defense policy called the 2007 event a “remarkable incident of irresponsible behavior,” as the test created one-sixth of all radar trackable debris. Moreover, SpaceNews reported hat “other government estimates say the event led to 3,400 pieces of [radar trackable] debris, more than half of which is expected to still be in orbit in 2027.” The world was justifiably concerned about the large number of enduring debris generated, especially when this event could set a dangerous precedent for ASAT testing.
However, did China actually anticipate the space debris and consider the world condemnation a price worth paying? After all, the display of the explosive remnants of a satellite kill would be far more intuitive and dramatic than a virtual kill to convince and demonstrate to the world the first success of its ASAT program, which has been under development since 1960s. This successful ASAT test is only one part of China's counterspace strategy, which goes far beyond the customary goal of developing better and new ASATs. It also includes the shaping of China's public image as a peace-loving and contributing spacefaring nation and of public opinion as China's counterspace strategy being within its right and justifiable. Therefore, it is no small feat to craft a strategy and program to accomplish all these purposes.
On the heels of the 2007 ASAT test, there have been four major continuing developments that constitute the pillars of China's coherent counterspace strategy going forward.
1. The International Space Station had to perform multiple debris avoidance maneuvers to avoid some of the 2007 test's debris. A Russian laser-ranging retroreflector nanosatellite was hit and disabled by a piece of these debris, confirming the urgency of reducing the growth of space debris. China gained credit by switching to non-destructive, and thus no or little debris-generating, tests for its subsequent direct-ascent ASAT developments occurring in 2010, 2013, and 2014. When U.S. Air Force Gen. Jay Raymond (now the head of Air Force Space Command) commented on the 2014 test, they confirmed that it was successful. China achieved a win-win solution by pacifying outcry over the “irresponsible behavior” of debris generation without sacrificing successful ASAT testing.
2. In November 2015, the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission released its annual report to Congress stating that “since 2008, China has tested increasingly complex space proximity capabilities,” and “China's recent space activities indicate it is developing co-orbital antisatellite systems to target U.S. space assets.” The Commission also confirmed that, in 2013, a “satellite with [a] robotic arm grappled” another Chinese satellite.
Clearly, the same type of satellite could grapple a U.S. satellite instead. With a bit more force, the U.S. satellite could be destroyed. Activities in space rendezvous proximity operations (RPO), which have both ASAT and civil, or non-ASAT-military functions, continue to grow. In June 2016, China's state-run Xinhua news agency reported that onboard the inaugural launch of a new-generation Long March 7 rocket was an “Aolong-1” space debris clearer. GlobalSecurity.org stated that “the technique demonstrated by Aolong 1 requires the spacecraft to have the capability to identify, rendezvous, and perform proximity operations with a non-cooperative target.” Spaceflight 101.com reported, “according to Chinese space officials, Aolong-1 is only the first in a series of satellites tasked with the collection of space debris as the country develops the technology needed to retrieve small debris up to [an] entire spacecraft to be safely brought to a destruction re-entry.” Obviously, this capability once developed could be used to wreak havoc on U.S. satellites, if China chose to do so. At the same time, the world is justifiably concerned about the growing amount of space debris from not just ASAT tests, which account for about 25 percent of the total, but also routine space activities (such as spent upper stages, inoperative satellites, and in-orbit explosions related to residual fuel in discarded rocket stages and satellites) accounting for the remaining 75 percent. Thus, it would be ideal to keep the beneficial space debris removal, and satellite maintenance and repair capabilities of dual-use RPO-satellites but prevent them from being used to harm or kill satellites. In a recently published article, “Stalkers in Space: Defeating the Threat”, appearing in the May 30 issue of Strategic Studies Quarterly, the Strategic Journal of the United States Air Force, I suggest how this ideal is attainable.
3. In 2008, Russia and China submitted their draft Treaty on the Prevention of the Placement of Weapons in Outer Space, the Threat or Use of Force against Outer Space Objects (PPWT) and followed with a new version in 2014, which differs little in substance from the earlier draft. The PPWT defines weapons in outer space as “any outer space object or its component produced or converted to eliminate, damage or disrupt normal functioning of objects in outer space, on the Earth's surface or in the air.” Defining a space weapon so ambiguously is another win-win for China. If their proposed draft becomes codified as a treaty, China can still circumvent it by placing in orbit in peacetime RPO-capable ASATs disguised as space debris clearers or space service satellites.
Alternatively, and more “elegantly,” since its military runs all space programs, China could simply switch its RPO-capable satellites between civil and military functions, including ASATs, at will. In contrast, being a democracy, the U.S. military would not be able to coerce the civil counterpart of the RPO-capable satellite owners to perform ASAT missions.. If the draft does not become a treaty, China still benefits from being the first, with Russia, to pursue the noble dream of no weapons in space. Such a public relations win will help the international community line up behind China even as China and the United States have diametrically opposed interpretations of which party is the aggressor: the one poses an imminent threat or the one fires the first shot to neutralize the threat.
4. In 2013, China fired a ballistic missile reaching an altitude of possibly over 32,000 kilometers, a few thousand kilometers short of geostationary orbit where many critical U.S. satellites reside. In a paper requested by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, Cray Murray, senior policy analyst at the commission, stated, “available data suggests it was intended to test at least the launch vehicle component of a new high-altitude ASAT capability.” An aggressor only needs to attack some critical satellites to be successful, while a defender has to protect all. Thus, by signaling that the traditional threat of a direct-ascent ASAT will reach and disrupt the GEO sanctuary that the United States has long been counting on, China might purposely encourage the United States to pour more and more money into traditional programs to deal with the rapidly rising traditional ASAT threats. Overwhelmed by the rapidly rising traditional threat, it is easy to ignore this new threat from RPO-capable satellites— or unrealistically hope that the new threat is immature and can be dealt with later. Instead, the United States needs to understand that this new threat can be used to deter U.S. intervention. Moreover, the United States should realize that it takes time and money to prepare for effective deterrence and defense against this emerging threat, which could turn into a space Pearl Harbor. The United States should act now to defeat this new threat.
In a scenario where China decided to take Taiwan by force, China could preposition in orbit these RPO-capable satellites equipped with robotic arms or other weapons. When the military confrontation was looming, China could maneuver them to tailgate some U.S. satellites that are critical to supporting military operations. At a moment's notice, these space stalkers could simultaneously attack our satellites from such close proximity that we would not have time to defend them. Gen. John Hyten, the former head of U.S. Air Force Space Command, has said without space assets the United States would be forced to revert to industrial age warfare: “It's Vietnam, Korea and World War II”—no more precision missiles or smart bombs. That kind of warfare, at best, would significantly prolong the war and make the fighting even bloodier on both sides.
The current U.S. National Security Space Strategy established in 2011 is essentially unchanged from the 1960s when Russia began to test its ASAT weapons. The strategy says the United States will “retain the right to respond, should deterrence fail,” which means after the attack has already occurred. This deterrence in space strategy borrows from that of mutually assured destruction to avoid a nuclear war, which in turn is based on the premise that no nuclear weapon state would mount a first nuclear strike, because it would not want to suffer a nuclear reprisal of any size, no matter how much gain it could get from its first blow.
Mutually assured destruction will not work against space stalkers. China could reason that the strategic and military benefits of taking out some critical U.S. satellites would outweigh the damage of U.S. retaliation and that space stalkers would be the best type of ASATs to present the United States with two bad choices. First, the United States could preemptively destroy the space stalkers in order to save the targeted satellites.
However, without discussing the sensitive issue of such a preemption with the international community in peacetime, the United States could be condemned as the aggressor who fired the first shot and started a war in space. After all, there is no agreement or even understanding that a country cannot tailgate another country's satellites.
Alternatively, the United States could accept that it might have to fight impaired by the loss of critical satellites. Facing these two bad choices, the United States might end up not intervening at all. This would be the perfect outcome for China: preventing U.S. intervention without firing a single shot.
China has been steadfastly developing its well-crafted counterspace strategy and program. The U.S. needs to deal with this new ASAT threat of space stalkers, even while we are dealing with the rapidly growing traditional ones as well as other new ones such as the cyber threat.
Brian G. Chow is an independent policy analyst and the author of “Stalkers in Space: Defeating the Threat,” appearing in the current issue of the U.S. Air Force's Strategic Studies Quarterly.
Finishing some coding tasks and jumping back into character writing and modeling. Say Hello to Miss Sinclair!
On the code side…
I got around to creating a persistent game logic and a basic system for level transitioning. And then I realized I need a save system to preserve the game state, and all hell broke loose. Ok maybe not so dramatic, but as a freeform game where you can go back and forth between scenes, it did pose some interesting questions and challenges. Doing a bit of research I stumbled upon this awesome, free Unity Serializer system, which might just save me a ton of headaches!
Oh and I finished implementing the convo system similar to my first game with full scripting support. Yay for complex dynamic conversations based on your interactions with the world. Also, booze :D
Jumping into design
Already having several of my key gameplay mechanics working (items, doors, keys, lockpicks, spotting, illicit behaviors, trespassing, stealing etc.), it's time to re-focus on design and content.
I started writing character dialogue using the same approach as I did on my first game, but incorporating all the new systems (suspcion, drunkenness etc.) I gave the doctor a voice… and they insulted me :(
As a side note, while writing out a number of in-game texts that provide clues to the plot, I also got the cool idea of completely randomizing EVERYTHING – map layout, character bios, conversations, clues, item placement, etc. etc. Think a completely random cluedo-murder-mystery-roguelike thing where you snoop around people's rooms when they're not looking, puzzling the pieces together. Alas, since I already have a solid background and characters laid out, I might need to shelve that for another game. But I'm still gonna play around with some of my randomization ideas!
Oh and I retweaked the character model with extra vertices to allow for bending of arms and legs, as well as created the female character model. So without further ado, say hello to Miss Sinclair!
Who is this young lady? What does their confident smile hide? How are they part of the plot? And why the hell is the pot plant so big? Only time can tell.
Next Week Plan
I will probably continue on writing dialogues and in-game texts, adding more characters, and layouting a new area, creating more placeholder models. Might write up some more complex NPC AI actions if I get sick of the writing.
But I also really need to get started on figuring out the Unity GUI so I can actually display all the dialogues, in-game texts, and you know, menus. Menus are pretty important. So many things to do, so little time!
More Fear Of Human Intelligence Than Artificial Intelligence In 'Ex Machina'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of A24 Films Courtesy of A24 Films
Unlike most films about artificial intelligence, Ex Machina isn't about technological anxiety. "The anxiety in this film is much more directed at the humans," director Alex Garland tells NPR's Audie Cornish. "It was more in defense of artificial intelligence."
Garland tackled the zombie apocalypse as the writer behind the film 28 Days Later. In Ex Machina — their first film as director — they introduce us to Ava, a creation that is part woman and part machine. There's no hiding that Ava is a machine — but a very, very smart one.
"It's almost like a sort of post-Turing test," Garland says, referring to the test of whether or not a human can tell when they are interacting with a machine. Traditionally the Turing test was a blind one: "The machine would be on the other side of a closed door ... and there'd be a bunch of controls and if the human was tricked into believing they were interacting with another human rather than a machine, then the test was deemed to have been passed."
But the test in Ex Machina is different. "The machine is presented clearly as a machine," Garland explains. "There's no attempt to hide that it might be a machine. And it's really just a test to see if the machine has sentience or a humanlike consciousness."
Ex Machina raises questions about how we define consciousness, and how our instincts about consciousness may mislead us. And it also recasts what the face of artificial intelligence might look like. Garland explains that they used the film's sound design to give a "slightly nursery" quality to the character. It's "intended to present Ava the machine as having a kind of innocence, a sort of undamaged, untarnished quality," they say.
Interview Highlights
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jean-Christophe Verhaegen/AFP/Getty Images Jean-Christophe Verhaegen/AFP/Getty Images
On the way Ava's machinery is not hidden
The trick of the film, the way that the film intends to work is to present something which is unambiguously a machine and then gradually remove your sense of Ava being a machine, even while you continue to see them being that way. And the sound design is a key part of that. You can hear ... the sounds of the bits of machinery moving, which aren't specified. They're not quite gears and cogs and pistons, they're something slightly odder than that. And there's also this pulse which is not dissimilar in some respects to a heartbeat, although it isn't a heartbeat.
So the first time they appear, there's no doubt about their machine status. Large parts of their body are transparent and you can see through them. ... Around [her] torso section there's a very, very light mesh which follows the contours of their human form. Hopefully that starts to sort of introduce the more humanlike aspects of them in a sort of physical representation or a visual one. And they're all designed to give a sense of life, but a sense of life which is other in some way.
On tech-billionaire Nathan who defies the "geeky villain" stereotype
He's arrogant, essentially by virtue of the fact that he's incredibly intelligent and powerful. And in [the tech] world, you do encounter people like that. They truly are extremely intelligent and those guys really are smart and you just need to kind of accept that, you know? ...
He's also playing a kind of meta-game the whole time. ... Are you seeing what this guy's actually like? Or are you seeing a presentation that they are giving of themselves in a knowing way ... in order to present themselves as predatory, misogynistic, physically intimidating, threatening? ...
This guy is arrogant and powerful and probably, let's say, aware about that geeky image. ... And if you look at these guys, often they are sort of fighting against that. It looks like they spend a lot of time in the gym, and they are kind of buff and they're adopting alpha personas, I guess, which they didn't use to have.
On how they got interested in artificial intelligence
I just got very interested in the area of artificial intelligence and, in particular, how it relates to human consciousness because it's about what we value about each other. It's primarily our minds, you know, that's what we interact with and it's what we respect about each other. ... And I could see that there was a lot of anxiety floating around about A.I.s. And I wanted to address it partly because I thought it was misplaced. ...
I think there's a sense in which we feel that we don't understand how our cellphones and our laptops work ... but those things seem to understand a lot about us. Now that's not really about artificial intelligence, it's about tech paranoia.
A lot of the anxiety doesn't come from any real situation that A.I.s are about to take us over or the world is about to change because of A.I.s in any fundamental kind of way — not at the moment at any rate. It's got more to do with big tech companies and the Internet and search engines and social media and that kind of thing. I think there's a sense in which we feel that we don't understand how our cellphones and our laptops work ... but those things seem to understand a lot about us. Now that's not really about artificial intelligence, it's about tech paranoia. So somewhere in this I think I'm trying to look at that, too.
But I think the other thing I was interested in was the way tech companies present themselves. So Oscar Isaac's character Nathan talks in this very kind of familiar, pal-y way. They use the word "dude" and "bro" a lot. And I felt that this was sometimes how tech companies present themselves to us. They're kind of like our friends. They say, "Hey pal, hey dude," like we're kind of mates, you know, "I'm not really a big tech company, I'm actually your friend and we're hanging out sort of at a bar or at the beach and we're sort of part of each other's lifestyle, but at the same time I'm going to take a lot of money off you and I'm going to take all of your data and rifle through your address book" and that kind of thing.
Metered Bandwidth Isn't About Stopping The Bandwidth Hogs; It's About Preserving Old Media Business Models
from the stifling-innovation dept
For years, we've spoken about why metered broadband stifles innovation , by adding serious additional mental transaction costs and limits to anything you do online. If you look at the history of various online services, you know that AOL didn't really catch on until it went to a flat-rate plan from an older metered (by time) plan. It makes a huge difference in how people use the internet, and putting gates and fences around them doesn't just keep the bandwidth down, but it limits all sorts of innovative services that rely on the fact that end users have no limits on their bandwidth. In the end, metered broadband always appears to be a way for ISPs to squeeze more and more money out of people.However, as Canadian regulators seem prepared to let Bell Canada force all DSL providers into offering metered broadband, some are pointing out another reason for metered broadband. Not only does it stifle basic innovation, but it also protects the legacy media/entertainment industry and their business models. If downloading becomes more "expensive," then, in theory, fewer people will use services that require higher bandwidth. And this isn't just file sharing services either, but things like Netflix, which many studios still wish to limit and control when it comes to its online streaming plans. None of this is about "bandwidth hogs," at all. It's all about putting up barriers to anything that might be disruptive to legacy industries.
Filed Under: broadband, business models, canada, media
There is a strange paradox at the heart of modern Australian politics. We want our politicians to engage in reasoned debate, to exercise judgement, to be other than cogs in a machine.
We love it when they say things on Q&A that suggest irreverence about the party line. We treat the occasional parliamentary debate in which a “free” or “conscience” vote is allowed by the parties as superior to the usual shouting at ten paces.
Yet the same political culture that yearns for debate also demands a complete unity among its parliamentarians – and, in the context of an election campaign, among its candidates for office as well.
In the early part of the marathon 2016 election campaign, the public discomfort of a small number of Labor candidates with party policy on asylum seekers became a weapon to be used by the government against Labor. The opposition quickly recognised the possible force of such claims, and its leading members declared that there was nothing to see here: the matter had been resolved at its 2015 national conference.
But there was another possible response to this issue: that a healthy political party is never going to be of one mind over an issue as complex and difficult as refugee policy. They could have said that a party whose candidates are capable of exercising their own judgement will make better laws in government.
They might have added that tight party discipline institutionalises group-think and acts to bolster the power of factional leaders, often men with limited policy or parliamentary experience, and no vision extending beyond placing this or that backside on the parliamentary benches. The scope for creative thinking is reduced; even the smartest people in the room sound like hacks and act like sheep.
But you won't hear any of this. Is this one of the reasons for the disappointment with politics in Australia among voters? Australia either has disciplined and unified parties in which all are members of the “team” – the very use of the term is revealing of our way of doing politics – or a rabble. The latter cannot govern; it loses elections.
We need to remind ourselves often that the system from which our own is most obviously derived, Westminster, does not operate this way. Parliamentary discipline there is much weaker. Backbenchers feel freer to speak out on issues and even to vote against their party on major issues – for instance, the decision to go to war in Iraq in 2003, which saw 139 Labour and 15 Tory members defy their parties.
While Australian politics is now so debased that we don't use our parliament to conduct debates on such matters, if ever a debate were to be held about a war here such undisciplined voting could never occur.
How do we account for these differences? It has been brought into sharp relief by the unrelieved boredom of the current election campaign and the predictable partisanship of parliamentary affairs.
Like most aspects of politics, its roots are to be found deep in history. In the 1890s the Labor Party in New South Wales pioneered the tight discipline that is now such a salient feature of our politics. It was a matter of importing into parliament the culture of solidarity associated with trade unionism, but that was also true of Labour parties elsewhere – including in Britain.
What made the NSW, and then the Australian Labor Party, unusual was an increasingly elaborate and stringent set of rules designed to ensure parliamentarians would vote in parliament as a majority of caucus decided.
The heavy stress on solidarity was initially the result of the need to overcome divisions among MPs about the issue of free trade versus tariff protection. But even before that controversy had receded into history with the adoption of a policy of protection in 1908, the cult of solidarity took on a life and force of its own.
The standard penalty for not toeing the line was expulsion. Those who felt sufficiently strongly about an issue to leave the party became “rats”, a counterpart of the “scab” who crossed a union picket line.
As historian John Hirst has suggested, the result of this effort to impose such a tight and unforgiving culture was a party prone to deeply damaging splits – 1916, 1931 and 1955.
In the early years, members of other parties complained about Labor's tight party discipline. They argued that it was contrary to Edmund Burke's notion that a parliamentarian was a representative who must continue to exercise their judgment, not a mere delegate charged with registering voter preference. But those same parties became impressed with Labor's achievements, and increasingly emulated its organisation and methods even while they complained about “the Labor machine”.
Today, the Coalition parties – in particular the Liberal Party – will still occasionally say they allow greater scope for dissent than Labor. Such claims should not be taken too seriously. All parties demand tight discipline, in parliament, the media and election campaigns such as our present one. Those few who dissent risk their preselections.
Hirst pointed out the demands for such a public display of unity may ironically give such MPs greater power inside the party itself; that they are able to demand a price for the public performance of conformity.
This kind of bargain might well be satisfactory to many MPs. But we should not confuse it with the more vigorous and deliberative democracy that a weaker party discipline and more open debate would bring in their wake.
This is, as Charles Cooke notes, actually the correct decision. The court didn't manufacture this rule; it's right there in Article VII of the state constitution. If you think judges are too prone to substituting their own judgments for the people's, then this is the ruling for you.
Cooke wonders why a state wouldn't want/expect its citizens to learn English by the time they're 18 and jury-eligible. Good question, but I'm more intrigued by the practical implications here.
Michael Anthony Samora's appeal argued that their convictions should be reversed because a Bernalillo County judge excused a Spanish-speaking prospective juror who had trouble understanding English. The Supreme Court said it agrees with that argument but also said Samora's defense needed to object during the trial but didn't… In Samora's case, the prospective juror said on their jury questionnaire they didn't understand English well enough to write in English, and the judge told them an interpreter would be provided if the man was selected to serve on the jury. However, the judge dismissed the man after they acknowledged they were not able to understand a large portion of the court proceedings.
The defendant was convicted of murder one. If their attorney had objected during voir dire, presumably this would be grounds for mistrial.
Here's what I mean by “practical implications.” If you've got 11 jurors who are listening to the witnesses' testimony in English and a 12th juror who's listening to an interpreter translating that testimony into another language, aren't the jurors technically hearing different testimony? Is that a due process violation? You run into a variation of this problem when a witness can't speak English and their testimony needs to be filtered through a translator, but at least in that case the entire courtroom's hearing the same (translated) evidence. Besides, the witness can't be disqualified on language grounds; he's indispensable to the court if they have material evidence about the defendant's guilt or innocent. Not so with a juror. Plus, consider the disruption of having to translate every single word of the trial, from bench rulings to witness testimony to opening and closing arguments, for the benefit of one person. The court has no choice but to do that if the defendant can't speak English, but it does have a choice when selecting jurors. And of course the juror's interpreter would have to sit in on deliberations too, even though that's supposed to be off-limits to everyone not on the jury.
And yet, jury duty is an obligation of citizenship. If a (native-born) citizen's not required to learn English in order to vote or fulfill other civic obligations, why bounce them from jury service because of it? What you could do as a work-around is put Spanish-speakers in a separate jury pool and conduct some trials entirely in Spanish (assuming the defendant also speaks it, of course). That would solve the problem of people hearing different testimony while ensuring that non-English speakers get to serve, but of course that puts you even further away from Cooke's aspiration of everyone learning English by the time they're 18. There's less of an incentive to do that if the justice system begins splitting off into English- and Spanish-language tracks, which in turn will only encourage the cultural balkanization of America. Not sure what the answer is. “Learn English” isn't an option, per constitutional law, in New Mexico.
On Heads
Crowns: they're heavy, amirite?!
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, so to speak. Lighter is the head that doesn't wear the crown, but only compared to crowned heads. Otherwise, that doesn't make sense. It would just be like "Head is the head that wears the crown." See what we mean.
Lighter is the head that forgot to open the windows while painting, but not really. Like, if you had a scale and weighed that guy's before and after they got light headed, it would probably be about the same. Light-headed is just a thing people say when they're a little out of it. Why? Who knows? It was probably invented by an out-of-it guy, so can you really trust it?
What we're getting at is that heads are confusing, and you shouldn't really talk about heads unless you're a head scientist.
Thank you and goodnight.
Back to top
Indigenous members of the Canadian military face "systemic racism," according to a draft report obtained by CBC News that calls for an external review.
"We strongly believe there is a systemic issue within the Department of National Defence (DND) and Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) that is rampant throughout all ranks and elements of Land, Air Force and Navy and this issue is serious enough that an external review is imminent," reads the document prepared by the Defence Aboriginal Advisory Group and handed to the former commander of the Canadian Army, Lt.-Gen. Marquis Hainse, in the spring.
Of the 230 Indigenous military members canvassed by the advisory group, only 16 responded, reporting 40 incidents.
Despite the low response rate, the group said the problem is widespread and many incidents go unreported over fear of reprisal.
The advisory group is calling for an independent investigation similar to the one retired Supreme Court justice Marie Deschamps conducted on allegations of sexual misconduct in the military.
Lt.-Gen. Marquis Hainse salutes after taking command of the Canadian Army during a change of command parade on Parliament Hill in July 2013 in Ottawa. They were succeeded in command by Lt.-Gen. Paul Wynnyk in July 2016. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
Deschamps released a scathing report in April 2015 that found sexual misconduct to be "endemic" across the Forces. The military has since launched Operation Honour to eliminate inappropriate behaviour in the military.
"There have been examples of abuse of authority," according to the Aboriginal advisory group's latest report.
"This is not the military our Aboriginal members signed up for and this is not the military they dedicated their lives to. Victims are being forced out of the military, yet the aggressors continue on — some excelling at their careers."
This is not the military our Aboriginal members signed up for and this is not the military they dedicated their lives to. - excerpt from draft report by Defence Aboriginal Advisory Group
Hainse was briefed on the draft report, and on May 10 members of the advisory group met with the former commander to talk about issues raised in the document, the Canadian Armed Forces confirmed.
"The CAF does not tolerate discrimination and any instance of discrimination is one too many," wrote a Forces spokesperson in a statement to CBC News.
Military ombudsman offers help
"Any case of [discrimination] is extremely serious," said military ombudsman Gary Walbourne.
"If this is actually as rampant as that report would lead you to believe, it needs to be stomped out of the organization."
Walbourne said their office stands ready to help Indigenous military members and could launch its own investigation if any of them file an official complaint.
Walbourne noted. Canada's military ombudsman, Gary Walbourne, says their office is willing and able to launch an external review of racism against Indigenous members if the community comes to them directly. (Ashley Burke/CBC) News of the draft report comes at a time when the military is actively trying to recruit and retain Indigenous members. These allegations of racism won't help,
Report contains 'disturbing' allegations
The draft report includes anecdotes and allegations branded "rather disturbing and undoubtedly inexcusable" by its author.
In one case, a man alleged they missed their son's birth when the military denied their request to attend a sacred naming ceremony.
"I was told by the course director that my religion is not recognized by the military," they wrote. "I was furious. I missed the birth of my only son."
I had several guys call me a dirty wagon burner and a squaw, another called me Tonto . I told staff and nothing was done. - Military member quoted in draft report
Others reported encountering the worst racism they'd ever faced, and described being regularly singled out, harassed and called derogatory names.
"I was on a military … course and I had several guys call me a dirty wagon burner and a squaw, another called me Tonto. I told staff and nothing was done," one Indigenous member told the advisory group.
Abuse came from 'higher-ups'
A former Inuk soldier told CBC News about the racial abuse they endured before leaving the military in 2015. Esther Wolki said they were treated like "trash" by their superiors during their career at CFB Shilo in Manitoba.
Esther Wolki left the Forces in 2015 after they attempted to take their own life. (CBC) "Words like redskin, or brownie or savage," said Wolki by phone from Paulatuk, N.W.T. "I was mostly stunned because it was higher-ups that were saying stuff like that."
When Wolki reported the harassment they were told to toughen up. The military did investigate their allegations of racism, harassment and a sexual assault, but they said nothing was ever done about it.
"It did almost cause a successful suicide," said Wolki. "It felt really bad. I felt because it's been said to me so many times, I actually believed it, that I'm a worthless, horrible person and that I don't deserve to be in the military."
Since leaving the military their life has "gone downhill," Wolki said.
I get angry, that I have a member of the Canadian Armed Forces who has signed a contract to lay their life on the line on our behalf and to experience this type of behaviour. - Military ombudsman Gary Walbourne
"I don't see a reason to get out of bed. It's been really bad," said Wolki, who claimed she's not getting the help they need for depression and post-traumatic stress disorder from Veterans Affairs.
The military ombudsman said they have investigated three cases of discrimination against Indigenous members over the last year. In two of the cases, the military acted swiftly and corrected the problem, they said. The third investigation is continuing.
"I get angry, that I have a member of the Canadian Armed Forces who has signed a contract to lay their life on the line on our behalf and to experience this type of behaviour," Walbourne said.
They said they hope members of the Aboriginal advisory group or the Indigenous community will come forward to their office with these new findings and evidence to support it.
CBC requested an interview with the Canadian Armed Forces, but no one was made available to discuss the draft report.
The advisory group's civilian co-chair who authored the report said she's unable to speak to the media.
All 14 studio albums plus bonus album of demos and rarities
Remastered in 150-gram vinyl
100-page Collector's Book of rare photos and memorabilia
Signed test pressing – one of the original 14 studio albums – your choice!
All of above housed in custom created replica of Al's signature accordion!
Customized Zoetrope-animated turntable mat
Limited edition retro-style Weird Al pennant by Oxford Pennant
Custom Weird Al socks*
Magnet sheet (8.5”x11”) – build your own Al!
Commemorative Tee Shirt
All box set sales are final. Release date November 24, 2017
Legacy has ordered a limited number of additional box sets that will remain on sale here until they are sold out. All those who purchase from this additional supply will also be guaranteed delivery by its official release date of November 24, 2017. Once sold out, no further sales will be available here at Pledge.
The SF Commune, a community center and social space for organizers in the Ocean View district of the city, was raided early this morning, Wednesday, May 15th, 2013. Over twenty people were evicted from their home and social center and four arrested as SWAT team and SFPD moved into the before abandoned building to push people to the curb and maintain homelessness in the city.
Tonight, the SF Commune and all in solidarity with direct action to alleviate the housing crisis and homelessness will march throughout the Ocean View neighborhood to call for an end to evictions and foreclosures in San Francisco by banks and police.
Gather at Minnie and Lovie Ward Recreation Center at Capitol Avenue and Lobos Street, San Francisco at 5pm to get ready to march at 6pm through the Ocean View and call for an end to evictions and foreclosures by banks, developers, and the police.
The SF Commune, a community center and social space for organizers in the Ocean View district of the city, was raided early this morning, Wednesday, May 15th, 2013. Over twenty people were evicted from their home and social center and four arrested as SWAT team and SFPD moved into the before abandoned building to push people to the curb and maintain homelessness in the city.Tonight, the SF Commune and all in solidarity with direct action to alleviate the housing crisis and homelessness will march throughout the Ocean View neighborhood to call for an end to evictions and foreclosures in San Francisco by banks and police.Gather at Minnie and Lovie Ward Recreation Center at Capitol Avenue and Lobos Street, San Francisco at 5pm to get ready to march at 6pm through the Ocean View and call for an end to evictions and foreclosures by banks, developers, and the police.When the SF Commune moved into 200 Broad Street over a year ago on Easter Sunday the building was filled with needles, broken glass, and buckets of human feces. The group worked for weeks cleaning up the building, moving out all the hazardous materials and disposing of them properly, and turning the building into a livable home and organizing space. With freshly painted walls, cleaned floors, a rebuilt kitchen, working electricity and running water, the group started to put their attention to the neighborhood beyond themselves. Participating in and organizing free food programs, art projects, community gatherings, and social justice activism, the SF Commune found themselves with their need met and now able to address the needs of others.Soon, more houses were opened to give shelter to those without. Some of the largest international banking corporations had foreclosed on families throughout San Francisco, pushing them to the curb the same way the police did this morning. Left vacant for years, organizers from the SFC went about turning these empty buildings into comfortable homes for people in need. Focusing first on housing others whose motive was to themselves help house, feed, and heal more people, and then working to alleviate the homelessness crisis of all, the SF Commune, as a people, began to meet the bottom of Maslow's hierarchy of needs for all people.In April of 2013, the first three garden beds were built and planted at the SF Commune. Using wood from the Kezar Gardens native plant nursery and recycling center evicted earlier in January of 2013, the group built two fresh raised beds over the concrete backyard and cleaned up the garden bed in front of 200 Broad Street that had been left derelict and overgrown for years.Soon, the beds were filled with strawberries, basil, edible root tubers, kale, chard, vegetables, salad greens, raspberries, and other edible and medicinal plants gathered from farms in San Francisco. It's the very same farms and gardens that inoculated these garden beds with edible plants in a neighborhood with people in need that are soon to be evicted to develop more condominiums. This neighborhood has been known as a food desert for a very long time, a place where organic and nutrient-rich food is very expensive at best and very hard to come by as the norm. Knocking on each door on the surrounding blocks, presenting themselves to the Ocean View-Merced Heights-Ingleside-Neighbors In Action coalition, and joining ACCE and Supervisor John Avalos on a blight tour of the blocks surrounding 200 Broad Street, the SF Commune invited all the neighbors to come plant vegetables, greens, and other edible plants in the backyard garden beds, to which they received overwhelming positive support.There is a problem in this country, this city, and this neighborhood when people are forced out of their homes at the end of a shotgun and riot police storm neighborhood gardens to lock up abandoned spaces. We want to put an end to this type of repression before it affects any more people. Let's build a strong community that seeks to house, nourish, and heal all people.We invite everyone to the table to figure out a solution that works for everyone, a win-win-win situation. We back that invitation up with a willingness to take direct action to offer solutions when our invitations are refused by banks, developers, and the state.ABC 7's Story and Video Footage of the Raid and Arrests: http://abclocal.go.com/kgo/story?section=news%2Flocal%2Fsan_francisco&id=9103422
CLOSE If you can solve a crime, please contact the appropriate police agency Karen Madden/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
Schade (Photo: Submitted by The Sentinel and Rural News)
OWEN - The Owen police chief is under investigation for numerous allegations of misconduct, including failing to arrest a drunken driver who nearly hit a pedestrian and directing an officer to spy on a candidate for City Council.
Police Chief Andrew Schade has been on paid leave since September, when city officials grew concerned about complaints from residents.
In a 26-page report from Dunn County Sheriff's Department investigator Todd Kurtzahls, obtained by USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin from the city of Owen, Schade was accused of neglecting basic job duties and misusing police department resources. The report was completed Dec. 13.
Owen Police Chief Andrew Schade, left, before the Police Disciplinary Committee in 2016. (Photo: Submitted by The Sentinel & Rural News)
Owen City Council President Pamela Jaffke requested the investigation into Schade's behavior after a closed-session meeting about the accusations against him. Kurtzahls was brought in from another county to avoid a conflict of interest with local law enforcement agencies.
The report says the investigation was prompted by Schade's failure to ensure the police department provided fair and equal treatment to all members of the public and failure to enforce the laws and ordinances of the city, Clark County and state. It also cites unsatisfactory job performance and negligence.
RELATED: Two Clark Co. officers resign amid rape probe
RELATED: Cop accused of stealing money meant for kids
The report also noted that Schade failed to cooperate with the investigation. They were put on paid leave on Sept. 12 and is continuing to be paid $23 an hour, according to the city of Owen.
"Now that the complaint has been served there are 30 days for a hearing," Jaffke said. "The council cannot discipline a police or fire chief for (ethical) reasons. So there will be a meeting with the Police Disciplinary Committee."
The meeting will be Jan. 10, Jaffke said.
Meanwhile, the Clark County Sheriff's Department is serving Owen because its police department is vacant.
One of the incidents that prompted the investigation happened Aug. 20. A man seal-coating the Withee Mobil-Mart parking lot said a woman who was clearly intoxicated crashed into picnic tables outside the gas station and then nearly ran them over as they tried to get them to stop. The worker called 911, and a Clark County sheriff's deputy soon found Schade with the female driver at Creekside convenience store in Withee.
The deputy noted Schade didn't have their emergency lights on and didn't report that they had found the suspect. Schade didn't give the woman a field sobriety test, didn't arrest them and instead gave them a ride home without reporting they had done so, according to the investigation.
Schade told the deputy, and later the investigator, that they were under a lot of pressure and was "out of f---s to give" about their job duties that night, according to the report. They also said they didn't want to arrest the woman because their aunt had sued the city in the past over a drunken-driving citation.
Reached later by Kurtzahls, the woman admitted they were drunk and shouldn't have been driving that night, and said they knew they nearly ran over the man in the parking lot.
On Nov. 29, Kurtzahls interviewed Schade, who said they had been in law enforcement about 10 years and had pulled over "maybe under 20" drunken drivers, according to the report.
Shortly after they were placed on leave, Schade's computer hard drive from their office was missing and laptops were wiped clean of their contents. Schade, consulting their attorney, declined to answer Kurtzahls' questions about how the computers may have been tampered with.
Among other allegations against Schade, one of their former officers told Kurtzahls that the chief also ordered them to follow a friend's opponent in the City Council election for a month to find out if they lived in the proper district. The officer said Schade also told them not to pull over that same friend when they appeared to be driving drunk.
Schade also was alleged to have bought a gun for personal use with Owen Police Department money and given a 33-year-old woman a ride to Stevens Point in their squad car and $40 in cash — even though it was evident they were high on drugs.
A former Owen police officer in the report describes Schade as someone "who did not like to be crossed." The former officer also said that Schade had a "divide and conquer attitude" and would become friends with people in the community if they could use them to their advantage. The former officer also cited numerous suspicious activities including missing ammunition from the police department that was never accounted for.
USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin has been unable to reach Schade for comment.
Read or Share this story: http://mnhne.ws/2AZAORx
In 1990, Donald Trump threw a star-studded opening party at the $1.1bn Taj Mahal. Today, as it is about to be shut down, locals accuse them of ‘sucking the life and the money' from the casino and leaving the city to deal with the fallout
The night of 2 April 1990 is one Tina Condos will never forget. It was the opening night of Donald Trump's new $1.1bn Atlantic City casino, and Condos was working as a cocktail waiter serving drinks to Michael Jackson, Elle Macpherson and the other stars and socialites who had flown in for the big night.
Lit by $16m worth of chandeliers, Trump described the casino, then the most expensive ever built, as the “eighth wonder of the world”. The property tycoon now turned presidential candidate also promised it would transform the fortunes of the New Jersey coastal city.
Their promise held true, for a brief period, but now their casino empire is a busted flush: the Taj is set to close, and Atlantic City teeters on the edge of bankruptcy. The impact of the Taj's closure will be worse for the city than Hurricane Sandy, the 2012 storm that all but washed away Atlantic City's tourism business, says its mayor. For a man who is running in large part on their business record and a promise to Make America Great Again, Trump's foray into Atlantic City tells a cautionary tale.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Jackson and Donald Trump at the grand opening of the Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City in 1990. Photograph: Ron Galella/WireImage
‘It was really, really awesome'
“Trump was like the second coming of Atlantic City,” Condos, 54, said near the nine carved marble elephants that line the entrance to the 42-storey Trump Taj Mahal casino and hotel. “This was going to be the great place to work. We were going to make a lot of money, we were going to have benefits, healthcare, we were going to be able to raise our children. It was going to be awesome.
“And, you know what? It was. It was really, really awesome. I loved working for Trump back in the day.”
Trump soon became the biggest employer in town, running three casinos, and the city was, as the Republican candidate put it recently, “a very good cash cow”. But Trump, 70, has gone.
After stripping hundreds of millions of dollars in assets from their casinos in successive bankruptcies, all that's left of Trump's legacy here is the forlorn and empty Trump Plaza and the down-at-heel Taj, which is set to close its doors permanently on 10 October.
Trump has scrubbed their name from the boarded-up Plaza, but it still shines brightly above the elephants at the entrance to the Taj at the eastern end of the boardwalk. They have no stake left in the casino, which was bought out of bankruptcy by their friend the billionaire investor Carl Icahn, who has been mentioned as a possible treasury secretary should Trump secure the White House in November's election.
As part of the bankruptcy deal, the Taj workers were stripped of their healthcare, pensions, meal breaks and other benefits. Icahn had offered to restore benefits but not close to the level of other casinos. About 1,000 low-paid staff, including cleaners, cooks and waiting staff, including Condos, walked out on strike on 1 July. The casino is still operating, as dealers and security staff are not involved in the dispute.
Icahn, who is worth $16.5bn according to Forbes, responded to the all-day-and-all-night strike – the longest in Atlantic City casino history – by announcing the closure of the Taj and blaming the strikers for blocking its “path to profitability”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump Taj Mahal casino workers protest outside of Carl Icahn's Manhattan office. Photograph: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Bob McDevitt, president of the casino workers union Unite Here Local 54, said it was Icahn and Trump, not the workers, who plunged the Taj into crisis by sucking money out of the city during the good times and not investing in the future as Atlantic City faced intense competition from new casinos opening up across the north-east.
“Trump made a lot of money off of it [the Taj and its bankruptcies],” McDevitt said. “He rifled through the Taj Mahal at the last bankruptcy in 2009, they basically took all the money and left.
“He basically sucked the life and the money and the fortune out of this property – it's a dried-up husk and the workers are left to deal with it [as] they go on their merry way and goes on to run for president.”
Atlantic City: a lesson about President Trump?
Trump hasn't been shy about the money they have made in the city. “I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know),” they said on Twitter last month.
McDevitt said Trump's name on the door of the Taj is a tacit approval of Icahn's negotiation tactics, and warned that it could be a harbinger of things to come in an America run by a President Trump. “His name has been on it for the entire 23 months that these workers have been put on the rack by Carl Icahn. If my name was on the casino after 23 months of torturing the workforce, I would demand it be taken off the property.”
McDevitt, who was born and bred in Atlantic City, said: “If you want to know what the country is going to look like two years into a Trump administration with Carl Icahn as treasury secretary, you don't have to look any further than Atlantic City and the Taj Mahal. The future is workers working for a wage; no benefits, no healthcare, no future, no meaningful jobs.”
The imminent closure of the Taj, which would take the number of recently shuttered casinos to five, is more traumatic than Hurricane Sandy and “the biggest crisis to face the city”, said Atlantic City's mayor, Don Guardian.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump at the opening of the Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Photograph: Leif Skoogfors/Corbis via Getty Images
More than 8,000 jobs have been lost and nearly 3,000 more will go when the Taj closes, a devastating loss in this already struggling city. Within the past five years the city's tax revenues have fallen by 70%, and Guardian is having to make severe cuts to the city's budgets and employees' pay to avoid a state takeover, just as Michigan did ahead of Detroit's historic bankruptcy in 2013.
Guardian, an openly gay Republican with liberal values, said Trump did wonders for Atlantic City at the height of the casino boom and provided “a ton of jobs”, but then pulled out when things started to get tough.
“When ‘The Donald' was here – you can talk to union representatives – this was a pretty fair guy,” Guardian, 63, said. “It was the workers that really made him. All those Mexican American workers in Atlantic City that cleaned the rooms, that made the beds, that scrubbed the toilets, that cooked the food, they all worked very hard, got paid a reasonably good working salary and they made them and their companies very successful.
“But what happened since? They didn't invest. They took the money and went elsewhere.”
Making the man: to understand Trump, look at their relationship with their dad Read more
Guardian, who was elected in 2013 despite 87% of city voting Democrat in the 2012 presidential election, said they welcomed the interest of billionaires like Trump and Icahn in the city and understood that the casinos' owners wouldn't pay high wage to cleaners and cooks, but added that they should be given basic benefits.
“We are a ‘Sin City' business,” they said. “The big guys can come in here, buy a building, start a business. [I tell them] ‘I want you to make boat-fulls of money', but it can't be on the backs of the poor people that make you successful. A living wage that includes health benefits has to be the minimum, and if you can't provide that maybe you shouldn't be in business to begin with.”
Guardian said while Trump “ran it real well” when they were active in the city's casinos, when times got tough “he bailed on Atlantic City and left people in the lurch”.
Condos, the Taj cocktail waiter, is one of them. They recently lost their home in a foreclosure and is struggling to provide for their four children. “I've got to be honest with you, I loved working for Trump back in the day and I like some of the things they stand for,” they said as they drove the Guardian from the picket line to their boarded-up former home. “But we have been left with nothing.
“We went in every day, worked hard, made them money; they profited from the labour and they should do the right thing now and give us our pension and our benefits. We don't want anything extra, we just want a fair contract.”
They continued: “We have a job that no one else wants. We wait on people. We work weekends, holidays. We make beds, we're waiter, bartenders, bar porters. No one wants these jobs, but they were jobs that afford me to raise my four children and never miss a game.”
GWINNETT COUNTY, Ga. – It's easily one of the most horrific crimes of the year in the Atlanta area, and now WND has found that the lead suspect is an illegal alien from Latin America.
On June 15, police arrested three Hispanic teenagers accused of raping a 23-year-old Gwinnett County mother in front of their 4-year-old son.
The suspects are Josue Aguilar Ramirez, 19, Francisco Palencia, 17, and an unidentified 15-year-old girl. All three face charges of kidnapping, rape, cruelty to children, aggravated sodomy and aggravated battery.
The oldest, Ramirez, is an illegal immigrant who is subject to an immigration hold at the Gwinnett County Detention Center, according to online jail records.
According to the police report, the young mother arrived home from work with their two small children just before 3 a.m. on May 12 and found two armed men inside their kitchen, each wearing black jackets and ski masks. They were armed with Taser stun guns.
“The two males were armed with Tasers and approached (her),” according to the police report.
The hottest conservative book of 2017, “Stealth Invasion,” is blowing the lid on the fraudulent refugee program run by the United Nations in cooperation with the U.S. State Department. Get it today in the WND Superstore!
The incident occurred at the woman's apartment in unincorporated Tucker, Georgia, within Gwinnett County, a suburb of Atlanta that has one of the state's highest populations of illegal immigrants.
The mother initially tried to fight back, but one of the men threw two pots of boiling water on her, severely burning their shoulder, neck and arm, according to the police report. Even though badly burned, they still struggled to get away from their attackers and back to their children.
That's when the men shocked the woman with the Taser and forced them into the bedroom. One of the teens asked them if they had HIV, and they said “no.” They demanded they take off their clothes and forced them to perform oral sex before raping her, the police reports state.
They told police that they “complied with the male's demands out of fear for what could be done to their children.”
Watch Fox 5 Atlanta's report on the crime:
The victim's older son, age 4, followed them and the men into the bedroom and was forced to watch as the men raped their mother, the warrants said. Them 1-year-old boy remained in a car seat in the kitchen.
Watch second report on the crime by Fox 5:
None of the Atlanta media have reported that at least one of the attackers is an illegal alien, even though the information is sitting in plain view on the county jail's website.
WSB-TV reported the crime as “3 Atlanta-area teens accused of attacking, raping woman in front of son,” while the Gwinnett Daily Post identified Ramirez merely as a “Doraville resident.”
The Atlanta Journal Constitution referenced the “jail logs,” which contained the notation of the immigration hold, but the newspaper chose to withhold that information from its readers.
The 15-year-old female suspect reportedly drove Palencia and Ramirez to the woman's apartment. They allegedly stole the woman's jewelry box and student ID, while the male teens were attacking the woman, then drove the getaway car when they were done.
After their attackers left the home, the woman found the men had cut a screen on their back porch and entered the home through an unlocked sliding glass door, police said. The victim's jewelry box, school ID and German shepherd puppy were missing from the apartment, according to the police report.
Maybe the Great Digital Switchover won't be so difficult, after all. The UK's digital radio lobby group has redefined what an analogue radio is, giving DAB a stunning boost in market share.
You'll recall that in the Digital Britain report last summer, Lord Carter recommended that when digital listening (mostly on DAB radios) reached 50 per cent, broadcasters should set a date for switching off analogue. The 50 per cent figure wasn't the only criterion, but it was the foremost.
There was a problem. Throughout 2008, DAB's share of new receiver sales remained stubbornly stuck at 20 and 21 per cent of the market. Yet in the most recent figures for Q4 2009, conducted by market researcher GfK Retail & Technology, it had leapt to 28 per cent. Radio analyst Grant Goddard unearthed the reason why.
GfK says it's stopped counting sales of analogue radios embedded in MP3 players and some music phones, as well as set-top boxes.
Now with FM: Apple's iPod nano
Gfk defines a "portable media player" as any portable music device that plays music and has a 3.5mm headphone jack. That definition increasingly includes a lot of phones - the leader by volume in Q1 was a Nokia touchscreen phone, for example. Since last Autumn, the category has included Apple's iPod nano. But although these are analogue radio receivers, they don't count.
Around two million sales of real (not phantom) analogue radios have been 'lost' by the creative accounting polling.
Writes Goddard:
It seems that the last resort for Digital Radio UK to be able to demonstrate to a sceptical public (and increasingly sceptical members of the House of Lords) that DAB radio is ‘taking off' with consumers is to fix the figures to make it look that way. If you cannot convince the public to stop buying analogue radios, you can ‘bend' the figures to magically make it appear that the public is buying fewer analogue radios.
They recently found that Digital Radio UK had been tinkering with the way it presents the raw data it sources from GfK. When claiming that 75 per cent of new radio sales are DAB, they excluded everything that wasn't a kitchen radio. FM radios fitted in cars, ghetto blasters and so on were conveniently forgotten.
More on the Digital Switchover shortly. M'Lordships have backed an analogue scrappage scheme, so hold on to your trannies. ®
This adorable Shiba Inu works customer service at a Japanese cigarette shop called Suzuki.
Suzuki's owner knows that having a cute dog at the front desk will entice even the strongest of non-smokers to come try a cigarette.
The dog opens the window and greets customers with a friendly, helpful smile.
For the rest of the day, he's taking orders, napping and snacking on their favorite vegetable, zucchini. I bet the owner is happy to have such a dedicated, hard worker.
Even customers can't get enough of him.
This pup strongly resembles another Shiba Inu the Internet has come to know and love, Doge, who also comes to us from Japan.
Chilling in the window, ready to make your day.
"Can I help you with my cuteness?"
"What kind of cigarette can I get you?"
"Okay, take your time deciding. I'll be snacking in the meantime."
"Sorry, got bored."
Much bodega.
Check out the full video below.
h/t: MTV
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved MacKenzie James Crowder, Pinellas County Jail photo
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved MacKenzie James Crowder, Pinellas County Jail photo
WFLA Web Staff - PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) - A former University of Tennessee football player has been arrested after deputies in Pinellas County say they sought out and engaged in an online sexual conversation with whom they thought was a 14-year-old female.
Deputies arrested Mackenzie "Mack" Crowder, 23, from Knoxville, Tenn., at an undisclosed location in Pinellas County Tuesday evening. He's been charged with certain use of computer services prohibited and four counts of transmission of harmful material.
The Pinellas County Sheriff's Office insists Crowder admitted to communicating with a minor, soliciting sex several times, and sending four pictures of their private parts. The minor, however, was actually an undercover deputy.
Deputies say the conversations began January 21st, then on Tuesday made arrangements to meet the "minor" in Pinellas County, which is when deputies arrested him.
The suspect is listed as Mack Crowder, an offensive lineman, on the Tennessee website. They joined the Tennessee program in 2011 but redshirted.
This fall marked Crowder's final season with the team. The university's website says they played in 11 games, starting three.
Crowder's arrest was made as part of the Sheriff's Office "Operation Wayfarer" targeting men who are seeking out underage females on the internet for the purpose of engaging them in sex.
Crowder was released from jail on $50,000 bond Wednesday morning.
MORE NEWS YOU MIGHT LIKE:
WASHINGTON — The nation's top spymaster said on Tuesday that the White House had long been aware in general terms of the National Security Agency's overseas eavesdropping, stoutly defending the agency's intelligence-gathering methods and suggesting possible divisions within the Obama administration.
The official, James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, testified before the House Intelligence Committee that the N.S.A. had kept senior officials in the National Security Council informed of surveillance it was conducting in foreign countries. They did not specifically say whether President Obama was told of these spying efforts, but they appeared to challenge assertions in recent days that the White House had been in the dark about some of the agency's practices.
Mr. Clapper and the agency's director, Gen. Keith B. Alexander, vigorously rejected suggestions that the agency was a rogue institution, trawling for information on ordinary citizens and leaders of America's closest allies, without the knowledge of its Washington overseers.
Their testimony came amid mounting questions about how the N.S.A. collects information overseas, with Republicans and Democrats calling for a congressional review, lawmakers introducing a bill that would curb its activities and Mr. Obama poised to impose their own constraints, particularly on monitoring the leaders of friendly nations. At the same time, current and former American intelligence officials say there is a growing sense of anger with the White House for what they see as attempts to pin the blame for the controversy squarely on them.
In its second sweep in as many days, No. 8 Stanford men's volleyball (6-2, 3-0 MPSF) pulled off a 25-19, 25-21, 25-18 win against Cal Baptist (2-7, 1-5) on Friday to close out a successful two-game homestand.
Led by sophomore outside hitter Jordan Ewert's match-high 12 kills and senior middle Kevin Rakestraw's nine kills and six blocks, the Cardinal offense shone. Rakestraw has been impressive for the Cardinal recently, as they currently lead the nation with a .576 hitting percentage. Stanford also capitalized on the Lancers' combined 32 errors. Compared to a seemingly effortless Stanford offense, Cal Baptist often stumped on the attack, cutting its offensive runs with their own mistakes.
“We tried to bring an offensive rhythm to the match,” head coach John Kosty said. “That was our main objective, to run a good solid offense and be balanced throughout the game.”
In the first set, Stanford brought strong play from the start to take an early lead. However, attack errors brought a 12-12 tie midway through the set. The tie would not hold for long, though, as a dunk by Stanford first-year student setter Paul Bischoff and a block by Rakestraw and Ewert sparked a four-point run, giving the Cardinal the lead. Stanford put away the set off a powerful kill by Rakestraw, assisted by Bischoff. Bischoff has been impressive in their first collegiate season, guiding the offense with 24 assists in this game alone.
Kosty had nothing but praise for their new freshmen, who were ranked the No. 1 recruiting class in the country.
“Their instincts are good. That's one of the reasons why they're on the court right now,” Kosty said. “Age-wise they may be young, but experience-wise they're pretty veteran. I'm really happy with how they're playing right now.”
The second set was almost a mirror image of the first. Back and forth points early on with attack and service errors from both teams brought a 5-5 tie, before the Cardinal nailed five straight points off two kills by first-year student middle blocker Stephen Moye. Cal Baptist continued to battle, led by middle blockers Jackson Burge and Enrique Garcia, who tallied seven kills apiece. With the score at 23-20, junior setter Kyle Dagostino laid out for a diving dig to reach set point. Stanford would take the set 25-21.
The Cardinal remained in front for all of the third set, taking the lead early behind serving by Ewert. The sophomore has taken a new role in their second year on the team, developing their leadership on and off the court.
“Coming into this year I had a talk with the coaches about being a leader and staying positive,” said Ewert. “The guys who have experience are going to be the ones setting the tone for the rest of the team.”
The team improved to hit .417 percent in the final set, helped by the defensive effort of junior libero Evan Enriques, who racked up 10 digs playing against their younger brother, Cal Baptist libero Emmett. Both teams increased their consistency throughout the match, until sophomore middle Chris Moore nailed a kill to bring the match to a close in Stanford's favor.
With a week of practices before a road trip to CSUN and Long Beach State on Friday and Saturday, the Cardinal hope to continue their momentum and focus on greater balance on both offense and defense.
Contact Laura Anderson at lauraand ‘at' stanford.edu.
Media playback is not supported on this device QPR receive Championship trophy
QPR vice-chairperson Amit Bhatia has resigned following disagreements with the club's board.
They quit on the day it was revealed fans will be charged up to £72 to watch a Premier League match next season.
Bhatia said they strongly disagreed with the price increases to season tickets.
Bhatia also revealed that the Mittal family had failed in its bid to buy the club from fellow co-owners Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore.
Bhatia joined the Loftus Road board in December 2007 as representative of father-in-law Lakshmi Mittal after the Indian steel magnate bought a shareholding alongside Ecclestone and Briatore.
I do not wish to be associated with or take responsibility for decisions made by the board and with which I disagree so strongly Amit Bhatia
However, Bhatia has grown disillusioned of late, revealing the sacking of former chairperson Ishan Saksena and a near 40% increase in season ticket prices following promotion to the Premier League had forced them to stand down.
In a letter to the club's board seen by the BBC, Bhatia said: "It is clear to me from recent board meetings that my vision, strategy and direction for the club is very different from that of the other shareholders and board members.
"The recent decisions to sack club CEO and chairperson Ishan Saksena and significantly increase season ticket prices are just two of the decisions I disagree with.
"While it saddens me to leave QPR after such a successful season and at the beginning of an exciting new phase, I do not wish to be associated with or take responsibility for decisions made by the board and with which I disagree so strongly.
MITTAL FAMILY Bought 33% stake in QPR in December 2007
Lakshmi Mittal is UK's richest person, worth estimated £17bn
Chairman/ CEO of ArcelorMittal, world's biggest steelmaker
Father-in-law of Amit Bhatia, who stepped down as QPR vice-chairperson on Wednesday
"The Mittal family had been in discussions concerning the possible acquisition of the club. However, we have been unable to reach agreement on this matter and therefore those discussions have now come to an end.
"Although no longer a decision-maker at QPR, I shall continue to be a 33% owner and a 100% fan of the club. In due course, we will appoint a board representative to monitor my family's investment in the club."
QPR have defended the price hike in season tickets.
"The board is keen to stress that the prices are in line with other London-based Premier League Clubs, and are encouraged by early sales figures following the release of season tickets earlier on Tuesday," said a club statement.
QPR fans will be charged up to £72 a game for their first season back in English football's top flight.
The cheapest price for a league match at Loftus Road will be £47, with season tickets up by almost 40%.
But with five fewer home games in the top flight, the increase is around 67% in real terms.
Paul Finney, of the Independent Rs website, said of the news: "It's an absolute disgrace.
"Yet again it underlines the total contempt the owners of QPR have for the fans. Flavio Briatore's dream is a 'boutique' club, which has an exclusive feel to it and is the place for wealthy people to be seen.
"Not only is that a slap in the face of QPR supporters, it is not in the long-term interests of a club that has two other Premier Leagues clubs [Chelsea and Fulham] on its doorstep."
The cheapest adult season ticket for the new campaign will be £549, with £999 the most expensive - up from £699 in last year's Championship winning season - while under-16s will be charged £199 and under-eights up to £99.
By comparison, the cheapest season ticket at Manchester United is £513. At Arsenal it is £893 and at Blackburn £225, the most and least expensive in the top flight respectively.
SEASON TICKET PRICES (cheapest for 2011/12 season) Blackburn: £225
Manchester United: £513
QPR : £549
: £549 Liverpool: £725
Chelsea: £750
Arsenal: £893
Rangers fan Clive Whittingham, who runs the Loft For Words website, said the club was in the position of knowing that, with only 15,000 home seats to fill, it could charge what they like for tickets and still sell them all.
"The worst thing about it, apart from the scandalous walk-up fees which again come back to not having many seats to sell, is the lack of reward for loyalty," they said. "As a season ticket holder of 18 years standing, I am receiving no discount for renewing."
Summary.
At the retail price in the $300 range, Loake presents a solid, entry-level value for a made in England shoe and a company with a rich shoemaking heritage. Loake is a direct competitor to the US made brand Allen Edmonds. I would prefer to buy Loake over AE due to better attention to details, quality control, last shapes and maybe slightly better materials (specifically talking about the 1880 line). If you're looking to up your chukka boot game from Clark's desert boots, this is certainly one of the best options out there without breaking the bank, especially if you can find them on sale.
The downside to Loake thus far has been the ability to easily procure a pair to size correctly. But that seems to be changing as more and more US retailers start to carry the brand. Loake seems to have maintained their quality over the years while AE's quality has started to slip and who knows where AE's new corporate owner Caleres Inc. (publicly traded) will take the brand. Especially so with the departure of Paul Grangaard, Allen Edmonds longtime CEO who led AE through the great recession and has grown the company in the last several years.
Since Loake is a traditional company in nature, their designs have remained conservative as well. There just hasn't been much to get excited about from a material or design standpoint recently aside from the Angelsey model I mentioned earlier. They did recently introduce a green suede Pimlico (another chukka) model earlier this year which is nice to see since I'm a big fan of green suede. So maybe there is some hope in them rolling out new models and materials in the 1880 range.
What Loake lacks in creativity they make up for in pretty good consistency. Producing a relatively small amount of models and made of proven materials is a good recipe for ensuring better quality control.
So if you're looking for a conservative goodyear welted shoe, Loake surely fits the bill in the entry-level category. Made in England, with a rich history, Loake is a very good value. Even better if you can find them on sale.
This post will be updated once I've put some more miles on the shoes and will document how they wear over time on Instagram. I hope you enjoyed the Loake 1880 Line Kempton Chukka review!
Have any questions or suggestions for the review? Drop me a comment below after browsing the gallery!
40 arrests, 2 shootings in Giants fan revelry
A riot police officer tries to help tame a chaotic scene at 22nd and Mission streets in the city. A riot police officer tries to help tame a chaotic scene at 22nd and Mission streets in the city. Photo: Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Photo: Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 123 Captions Close 40 arrests, 2 shootings in Giants fan revelry 1 / 123 Back to Gallery
Forty people were arrested Wednesday night in San Francisco as street celebrations of the Giants' third World Series win in five seasons devolved into drunken debauchery and occasional violence, police officials said Thursday.
As bonfires burned and people painted graffiti and set off fireworks, officers arrested 29 people on suspicion of being drunk in public. Three people were booked for an alleged assault and two were busted for illegal gun possession, police said.
“To the fans who came to San Francisco and celebrated like we've been there before, God bless ya, hope you had a good time,” Police Chief Greg Suhr said at a news conference. “To the clowns that came to San Francisco to act out, I guess you just don't know what it's like to have a good time without being a jerk, and we had a lot of them last night.”
Many of those arrested, Suhr noted, were from outside the city.
There were also two shootings after the baseball game, Suhr said. One person was shot in the arm near 21st and Valencia streets, and second person walked into San Francisco General Hospital with a gunshot wound that they said occurred near 16th and Bryant streets. However, police were unable to confirm that location through Shotspotter, the gunfire detection system.
An argument led to a stabbing near 21st and Valencia Streets, police said, with the victim suffering three wounds and being hospitalized in serious condition.
Suhr lamented the number of bottles thrown at police. Three officers were hospitalized after being struck, they said, but will recover. In addition, nine police cars were either tagged with graffiti or had windows smashed.
“There were as many bottles thrown at police officers as I can remember, and it is disgraceful,” Suhr said. “We're fans too, and we're out there doing our job.”
In the Mission District, business owners were picking up the pieces early Thursday and assessing the damage. Glee over the victory was tempered with frustration that, once again, some people couldn't control themselves.
Amid a tableau of shattered glass, graffiti and trashed streets in the Mission, merchants, city workers and residents were trying to make sense of it.
“There's no way to stop it,” said Alex Delgado, 25, as they surveyed six damaged windows at a mixed-use condominium complex near 22nd and Mission streets. “If they win next year, it'll happen next year.”
Kim Jung, 57, said they were upset that graffiti had been scrawled outside their diner near 20th and Mission. “I'm lucky there wasn't any broken windows,” they said.
Jung said they were “happy” that the Giants won, but wondered aloud about why fans would veer into vandalism: “Why is it like that?”
Jamie Morganstern, 28, who lives on Valencia Street, said they found the damage disturbing but added, “I don't know how you can prevent people from acting out.”
Zack Smith, 32, the co-owner of Southpaw BBQ and Southern Cooking at 18th and Mission, was also cleaning up graffiti. “It's 7 a.m.,” they said. “I'd rather be at home, but life happens. It's all good. I'm glad the Giants won.”
Smith said they had been at the bar until 1:30 a.m. to make sure everything was OK. They went home, went to sleep and came back to find the eatery damaged.
San Francisco Public Works employees were in the Mission Thursday morning assessing the destruction, taking pictures of buildings that had been hit with graffiti.
Hamed Aleaziz and Henry K. Lee are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. E-mail: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com and hlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz @henryklee
European Commission Press release Commission welcomes Dutch regulator's proposal on fixed and mobile phone termination rates The European Commission has endorsed the proposal of the Dutch telecoms regulator (ACM) concerning fixed and mobile termination rates. This proposal will bring termination rates – the fees operators charge each other to deliver calls from other networks - down to levels comparable with most other Member States. Since termination rates ultimately influence call prices paid by end users, and Dutch consumers already pay amongst the highest prices for phone calls in Europe, ACM's decision will have a positive effect on consumers and businesses in the Netherlands, while helping to create the conditions for a telecoms single market. The new rates will apply from 1 September 2013. The new mobile termination rates are less than half of the current price (1.019 eurocents compared to 2.40 eurocents per minute), as are the new fixed termination rates (0.108 eurocents per minute compared to 0.37 eurocents). European Commission Vice-President Neelie Kroes said: "The Dutch have the highest mobile call costs in Europe, so lower termination rates will assist consumers, push companies to focus on charging for real value-adding, and help us create a telecoms single market. This proposal brings Netherlands in line with other European countries, which is the fair and right thing to do. " Background ACM's current proposal is in line with the calculation method recommended in the Commission's 2009 Recommendation on Termination Rates (see IP/09/710 and MEMO/09/222). The proposal sets the fixed and mobile termination rates on the basis of the recommended ("pure BULRIC") methodology. On 02 July 2013 the Commission received a draft proposal from ACM concerning the fixed and mobile call termination markets in the Netherlands. ACM (and its predecessor, OPTA) had already made a proposal which followed the Commission's recommended approach for termination rates in 2010. However, these rates were overturned in August 2011 by the Dutch Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal. Following this ruling, OPTA proposed new, higher rates in 2012, which triggered a Commission investigation (see IP/12/130), and ultimately led to the adoption of first Commission's recommendation under Article 7a of the Framework Directive (see IP/12/601). The Commission was concerned that the termination rates would ultimately hurt consumers, and asked the Dutch regulator to amend its approach. The proposal endorsed by the Commission today does not relate to the 2010-2013 period, but is a forward-looking proposal to be applied from September 2013. Article 7 of the Telecoms Framework Directive requires national telecoms regulators to notify the Commission, the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC) and telecoms regulators in other EU countries, of the measures they plan to introduce to address the lack of effective competition in the markets in question. Where the Commission issues a "no comments" letter, it concludes that the National Telecoms Regulator can adopt the measure as proposed. The EU telecoms rules also enable the Commission to adopt further harmonisation measures in the form of recommendations or (binding) decisions if divergences in the regulatory approaches of national regulators, including remedies, persist across the EU in the longer term. Useful Links The Commission's letter sent to the Dutch regulator will be published at: https://circabc.europa.eu/ Digital Agenda website Neelie Kroes' website Follow Neelie Kroes on Twitter Contacts Email: comm-kroes@ec.europa.eu Tel: +32.229.57361 Twitter: @RyanHeathEU
Santiago apologizes for tantrum about rescinded Cubs ticket offer
Ald. Milagros "Milly" Santiago says they received an anonymous threatening letter and then their house was broken into. | Chicago Sun-Times file photo
After infuriating constituents and embarassing their City Council colleagues, Ald. Milly Santiago (31st) is now apologizing for their public tirade against a Board of Ethics ruling that forced the Cubs to yank a lucrative offer to let aldermen purchase World Series tickets at face value.
“I never intended to offend anybody and, if I did offend somebody, I apologize,” Santiago, whose annual salary is $116,208, told Fox-32 Chicago during an interview recorded Thursday.
“When I said `poor alderman,' — I'm very grateful for my salary and my position. What I meant to say was, you know, compared to so many people, the scalpers and all these brokers and all these people who have access to all these tickets to the highest price, of course I'm poor compared to them. Because my salary doesn't make me rich.”
Santiago described their whiny rant as a “moment of passion and excitement” for a die-hard Cubs fan.
“I'm a loyal fan and that was a moment I was waiting for along with millions of people. In a moment of passion and the excitement, I probably said the wrong thing. It came out bad. And I apologize for that.”
On Friday, Santiago could not be reached for comment. They also boycotted the final day of City Council budget hearings — and it's a good thing. If looks could kill, Santiago might be dead.
Aldermen have been shooting daggers at Santiago, ever since they opened their mouth and dared to say what some of their colleagues have been thinking about the Ethics Board ruling that forced the Cubs to yank a lucrative ticket offer they had extended to aldermen for at least a decade.
Santiago said then they were just a “poor alderman” who can't afford to pay thousands of dollars to purchase World Series tickets on the secondary market.
“We were not the ones reaching out to the Cubs for some freebies or for some special treatment. The Cubs actually reached out to all of us to offer face-value tickets. Cubs fans have to say yes. I said yes. I said of course I would like some tickets. We paid for them,” Santiago said then.
Santiago branded the controversy triggered by the Board of Ethics narrow interpretation of the city's gift ban “kind of insulting, humiliating and embarrassing for us” for a perk that wasn't all that hot.
“First of all, those tickets were not front-row tickets. They were all the way in the upper-deck. If I went like this, I would almost touch the ceiling. That's how bad those tickets were,” Santiago said, lifting their arm over their head.
“This should be a matter of individual and personal choice. Those who are not Cubs fans can just say, `No. I'm not interested.' But those of us who would like to get a chance to go to one of those games and be part of history — we should have that choice.”
After reading a Chicago Sun-Times story about their tirade, Santiago walked past the City Hall press room and gave the reporter who wrote it a thumbs-up. The rookie alderman was that proud of the stand they had taken.
But that was before colleagues privately accused them of embarrassing them. It was also before Santiago was buried in emails from angry constituents and before columnists, cartoonists and editorial writers had a field day lampooning them
An aldermanic colleague, who asked to remain anonymous, said Santiago's tirade was stunningly tone-deaf for a former television reporter who should have known how their remarks would play in the press.
Sources said Santiago is now aware of the mistake they made and they have apologized to selected colleagues for putting them on the spot.
But the damage is done. If it's even possible to further tarnish the image of a City Council that has sent 30 of its present or former members to prison since 1970, Santiago may have done it.
Santiago wasn't the only alderman publicly complaining about the Ethics Board ruling.
Several aldermen also used Inspector General Joe Ferguson's testimony at City Council budget hearings to demand further clarification from a newly-appointed Ethics Board chairperson who aldermen claim had gone too far in declaring the face-value tickets a violation of the ethics ordinance banning gifts valued at more than $50.
“I don't know how this could possibly be enforced. It's a tremendous burden to put on a baseball fan to try and figure out at any given moment what the price of the game might be on the secondary market,” said Ald. Brian Hopkins (2nd).
“If this is gonna be part of the ethical policy going forward, it needs more than clarity.”
On Friday, a source close to the Board of Ethics clarified that the ruling applies not just to playoff and World Series tickets, but to face-value tickets to any high-demand sporting, concert or theatrical event whenever tickets are being sold on the secondary market for at least $50 more than the aldermen paid.
That means if aldermen have purchased face value tickets to the hit show, “Hamilton,” they may be violating the ethics ordinance, assuming Ferguson chooses to open an investigation. On Friday, the inspector general was cagey when asked whether they were investigating aldermen paying face-value for “Hamilton” tickets.
“I'm not going there. Actually, I'm not aware of there being any free tickets given to anybody or face-value tickets being given to anybody for `Hamilton.' But, if you've got some of that information, I'll be happy to take it…and we'll look into it,” Ferguson said, while taping the WLS-AM (890) Radio show, “Connected to Chicago,” to be broadcast at 7 p.m. Sunday.
They added, “Look, we're a 65-person shop looking at all sorts of things…There are a lot of other things we need to attend to.”
managed only 30 innings last year in their return from elbow surgery. (Charlie Neibergall/AP) Brandon Beachy managed only 30 innings last year in their return from elbow surgery. (Charlie Neibergall/AP)
More bad news for the Atlanta Braves: On the heels of news that starter Kris Medlen may need to undergo Tommy John surgery to repair a damaged elbow ligament, word came out Friday that fellow starter Brandon Beachy may also be facing the season-ending elbow procedure. That comes from MLB.com's Braves beatwriter Mark Bowman, who reports that Beachy and Medlen are headed for a consultation with Dr. James Andrews next Monday.
Like Medlen, this would be the second reconstructive elbow surgery for the 27-year-old Beachy in their career. Beachy underwent Tommy John surgery in June 2012, midway through their second season for Atlanta, and returned to action in late July 2013. Beachy managed just five starts last season, however, before undergoing arthroscopic surgery in September to remove loose bodies from their elbow. Beachy came into the spring reportedly healthy, only to have biceps soreness knock them out of a spring start last Monday. According to the Atlanta Journal Constitution's Dave O'Brien, initial examinations made Beachy believe that the soreness was nothing to worry about and had nothing to do with their ligament, but a stress X-ray taken later revealed an issue with their reconstructed UCL.
https://twitter.com/mlbbowman/status/444494206938415104
https://twitter.com/ajcbraves/statuses/444493485807529984
The loss of Beachy, on top of the projected loss of Medlen, would be a devastating blow to Atlanta's rotation. Medlen already seems certain to undergo Tommy John surgery; an MRI taken earlier this week revealed ligament damage in their right elbow, and the 28-year-old told reporters they were preparing themselves to go under the knife once more. The Braves are also currently without starter Mike Minor, who has been slowed this spring due to shoulder soreness as a result of delaying their offseason workout due to surgery on their urethra. Atlanta made a move to patch the rotation by signing Ervin Santana to a one-year, $14.1 million deal on Wednesday, but there are no comparable free-agent starters still on the market to fill Beachy's spot on the roster.
Facebook and TransferWise are making it easy for users to send foreign money exchanges.
TransferWise, an international money transfer service, announced its free Facebook Messenger bot on Monday. The bot integrates the two services so users can arrange foreign money transfers without having to leave Messenger, as well as receive exchange rate alerts for as many currencies as they need. For each transfer, TransferWise will offer a step-by-step guide and help for users who run into trouble.
The service can currently be used to send transfers from the U.S., UK, Europe, Canada and Australia. But according to Bloomberg, TransferWise could later expand the bot to all 50 countries the service currently supports.
Other companies have launched similar integrated services with Messenger, Bloomberg reports: PayPal, Visa, Mastercard and American Express all have payment bots on Facebook Messenger.
From 2008 to date, no other technology has been the subject of such fervent debate. Irrespective of your opinion, the rise in popularity of cryptocurrencies cannot be ignored. Today, there are a number of billion dollar businesses that accept Bitcoin as a form of payment. These include Dell, Reddit, Expedia, PayPal, and most recently, Microsoft. So for the uninitiated who have not yet grasped what Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are, you ought to catch up. This is not something that should be ignored and there is a vast array of resources that explain the concept. In this post I'll try to make sense of the Block Chain Protocol and the emerging ecosystem that is growing on it.
Elements of Protocol Commonality: TCP/IP and the Block Chain
In December 1974, Vint Cerf and Robert Kahn designed something revolutionary: the TCP/IP Internet network protocol.
A protocol is like manners. When we say “Thank you' to someone, the normal response we expect to hear is “You're welcome.” There is no actual rule that states that someone has to do this. But it remains a formal protocol of communication that is commonly followed.
In a similar way, TCP/IP was first developed as a way for any computer to connect and communicate with the ARPANET. Since then, the project mutated exponentially to allow any computer to communicate with any other computer, finally metamorphosing today into the Internet of Everything.
But the base technologies have remained unchanged. The IP address still acts like a unique postal address that enables any phone, tablet or computer to identify itself on the internet, while the TCP technology guarantees delivery of the data packets by dividing them into segments. TCP and IP are used in conjunction to increase the probability of the data packet to get from origin to destination.
Leveraging on this mode of functioning, Tim Berners-Lee created the Hyper Text Transfer Protocol or HTTP, which became a way for Web browsers to communicate with Web Servers. Today, along with HTTP, a whole suite of protocols like DNS and ARP, work together to provide us with the network experience we are used to. Email, Search Engines, Web pages, API's and other Internet Services (SaaS, PaaS, IaaS) are all products that have evolved on this framework giving us today's digital economy.
Just as the TCP/IP-based internet led to a revolution in the way businesses functioned, the Block Chain protocol is repeating the same process all over again. Pundits even go so far as to say it is like watching the birth of the internet all over again.
So how does this all work? A Bitcoin network is a decentralized network. Hence, every time a transaction occurs between the members of this network, it needs to be verified and validated so as to ensure that every transaction occurring within the network is between two individual accounts and that there is no risk of double spending.
[ Also on Insights: What Does the Future Hold for Bitcoin? | An Introduction to the Bitcoin Blockchain ]
This process of verification is carried out by some members of the network called miners. The miners use specialized and easily available software along with the processing power of their computers to verify the transactions. This sounds simple enough, but the processing power required to do so is quite herculean. And since the miners are using their bandwidth and electricity to do the verification process, they need to be compensated.
This is where the Block Chain begin to take shape. Every few minutes a ‘block' of all the transactions occurring over the Bitcoin network is created by a miner. Essentially the miner has created a verified transaction file which holds a copied record of all the transactions that have occurred in the network over the past 10 minutes. The word to highlight here is verified. The miner uses the computational power of their computer to assure all members of the network that each transaction is between 2 parties only and that there is no problem of double spending.
For their efforts, the miner is compensated in Bitcoins. This is where the math's of the currency and the way that it differs from the normal fractional banking system kicks in. The total amount of Bitcoins that can ever exist is fixed at 21 million. As the quantity of money is fixed, the payment made to the miner is much like mining currency out of a reservoir.
As each transaction in every block is made at a specific time, each block is linked to the previous block of transactions. By grouping these blocks we get what is referred to as the Block Chain. And since this grouping of blocks occurs as per the protocol dictated by the algorithm underpinning the creation of Bitcoins, this protocol is defined as the Block Chain protocol.
This is where the TCP/IP and Block Chain protocols differ: TCP/IP is a COMMUNICATIONS protocol, whilst the Block Chain is a VALUE-EXCHANGE protocol.
Bitcoin, Altcoin, Dodgecoin… Who Cares? Only the Block Chain Matters
Since Satoshi's White paper came online, other cryptocurrenies have proliferated the market. But irrespective of the currency and the frequently debated deflation issues, the underlying Block Chain protocol and the distributed computing architecture used to achieve its value remain the same.
Just as the open communications protocol created profitable business services by catapulting innovation, the Block-chain protocol offers a similar foundation on which businesses can create value-added chains. Using the integrity lattice of the transactions, a whole suite of value trading innovations are beginning to enter the market.
Micropayments
The payments systems used today were designed in the 1950's and there's a fixed minimum cost for every transaction. As a result sending small payments of say, $5, is not feasible using this system. (Although companies like DWOLLA have begun offering such services). The reason this hasn't changed is quite simple; Remittances in 2013 were made at an average rate of 8.9% resulting in $48 billion in revenue. That's a tidy revenue stream.
Just as TCP/IP allowed information to be transmitted instantly, today, the Block Chain Protocol allows the instant transfer of value irrespective of size. One company that is making use of this concept is ChangeCoin.
ChangeCoin offers a micropayment Infrastructure for the Web. Say you read an article on a popular website, but the freemium version only lets you read quarter of the article and requires a minimum subscription to access the entire article. With micropayments, the user can now pay just a few cents to read the entire article without engaging in an à la carte form of subscription. A good way forward based on this concept would be to cable TV subscriptions, where consumers can pay for the 4 or 5 channels that they regularly watch rather than paying for a suite of 200. Another application is for WiFi hotspots where users pay exactly their data consumption. A user could pre-allocate a connectivity budget and micropayment software could take care of paying for the data connection with no user intervention.
ChangeCoin has also created a boon for content creators and bloggers in the form of ChangeTip. Consumers can now use Bitcoin to tip a content creator with a small sum (even 5 cents) instead of just liking an article. Not only is this an innovative way to show appreciation but it will change the business model of content creation and curation.
Block Chain APIs
Companies such as CHAIN, now allow developers to build API's on the Block Chain Protocol such as:
API's to allocate digital resources such as energy, bandwidth, storage, and computation to the connected devices / services that need them.Eg; FileCoin
API's for Oculus Rift- With access to the virtual world now becoming TROM-esque, developers are looking at creating API's that can be used in the virtual space to make transactions, blurring the lines between virtual and real economies.
Micropayment API's tailored to the type of transaction being undertaken. i.e: Tipping a blog versus Tipping a car share driver. Very useful in a shared economy where consumers increasingly become prosumers.
Smart Contracts and Programmable Money
This relatively new concept involves the development of programs that can be entrusted with money. Smart contracts are programs that encode certain conditions and outcomes. When a transaction between 2 parties occurs, the program can verify if the product/service has been sent by the supplier. Only after verification is the sum transmitted to the suppliers account. By developing ready to use programs that function on predetermined conditions between the supplier and the client, smart programs ensure a secure escrow service in real time at near zero marginal cost. One company that is making dramatic foray here is Codius which offers an ecosystem for Smart Contracts.
Apart from Financial transactions, smart contracts are now entering the Legal System. Companies like Empowered Law use the public distributed ledger of transactions that makes up the Block Chain to provide Multi-Signature account services for asset protection, estate planning, dispute resolution, leasing and corporate governance. A prime example of this transition is seen ins a procedure referred to as ‘Coloring' a Coin, in which a house can be sold in the form of a Bitcoin payment with the same ease and speed.
Digital Assets and Smart Property
Building up on colored coins, digital assets are assets whose ownership is recorded digitally. Bitcoins are of digital assets, but since the Block Chain is a decentralized asset registry, it can also be used to register ownership and transfer of any digital asset besides bitcoins. In this way, a digital bond could pay coupons and redeem the principal to the address holding the digital bond, without the need of custodians.
Taking this concept one step further is in the form of Smart Properties. A Smart Property is a property that has access to the Block Chain, and can take actions based on the information published there. Another way to look at it is that smart property can be controlled via the Block Chain. Eg: A car whose ownership is represented by a digital asset in the Block Chain. The physical car is connected to the internet and can read the Block Chain. Therefore it can keep track of the status of the digital asset representing it. As the digital asset is transferred from one address to another, the physical car can see this status update in the Block Chain and take necessary actions, i.e. change its owner… It's a way of Automating the Internet of Everything.
What to Keep Your Eyes Peeled For in 2015
Ethereum and the MIST browser – Ethereum intends to bring together both a crypto ledger and a Turing-complete programming language, which is a language can be used to simulate any other computer language (not just its own). They intend to make a browser that is a Swiss-army knife of Block Chain and encryption tools that allow non-technical users to truly leverage the web.
Parallel block chains and side chains – Some developers have begun looking at the creation of different Block Chains as they do not believe on depending on a single Block Chain. Parallel Block Chains and Side Chains allow for tradeoffs and improved scalability using alternative, completely independent Block Chains thus allowing for more innovation.
The Philippines intends to put its Peso put on the block chain – Just as Africa leapfrogged wired telecommunications and skipped right to wireless, the Philippines intends to improve its financial services by integrating the Peso to the Block Chain. A dramatic initiative.
In Dec 2014, Don Tapscott, a leading authority on technology and innovation as well as a LinkedIn Influencer, did something characteristic of great men. They admitted they were wrong, noting: “Bitcoin… I used to think it would never fly. Now I think not only will it fly as a currency, but the underlying Block Chain technology of crypto currencies is a core part of the next generation of the internet that is radically going to transform not just commerce and the nature of the corporation, but many of our institutions in society and everyone needs to pay attention to this.”
For those who remain apprehensive, this could be partly due to my poor scribbling's. But could it also be our innate resistance to change? After all, to quote Thomas R. Lounsbury: “We must view with profound respect the infinite capacity of the human mind to resist the introduction of useful knowledge.”
Kariappa Bheemaiah is a Quantitative Research Analyst at Grenoble Ecole de Management.
Speaking to Siri Hustvedt in their Brooklyn brownstone not long before the American presidential election, conversation naturally turns to Hillary Clinton. “For someone so accomplished ... who performs as superbly as Hillary Clinton does, to be constantly criticised,” Hustvedt muses. “When they perform brilliantly in a debate, they call them over-rehearsed. I have never heard anything like that said about a man.”
Hustvedt knows something about being an accomplished woman, and having things said about their work that would never be said about a man's. I am here to talk about their new book of essays, A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women. One of them, “No Competition”, catalogues their experiences as “a woman writer married to a man writer (Paul Auster)”. A journalist insists that Auster must have taught their psychoanalysis and neuroscience. A publisher magnanimously instructs them to “keep writing” when they have already published three novels. A fan asks if their husband has written sections of their most recent novel, The Blazing World.
Best books of 2016 – part one Read more
During my meeting with Hustvedt, Auster is just a low murmur moving around elsewhere in the house. “He is doing an interview upstairs,” Hustvedt explains. “I think for the first time in our history of 35 years together, we have books coming out one month apart.” We don't mention them again.
Hustvedt says they often encounter surprise that they are, above all, a person interested in ideas. “Women who write books about ideas are not instantly anointed in the way that men are. You get a lot of criticism for being too intellectual, too cerebral. But I don't see those same complaints addressed to male writers. I'm sure they're out there, but not to the same degree.”
A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women seems likely to inspire more people to call Hustvedt “cerebral”, though in this context as a compliment. Somewhat unusually in a publishing age characterised by slim essay collections about personal experience, Hustvedt's book is nearly 600 pages of learned commentary on everything from the nature of literature to neuroscience. It takes in a remark Karl Ove Knausgaard once made to them – women writers, they said, were “no competition” – as well as the work of the 17th-century philosopher Margaret Cavendish. The centrepiece is a 200-page meditation on “The Delusions of Certainty” that ranges from the science of perception to neo-Cartesianism to the history of psychiatry.
Hustvedt has never been a writer of narrow or fleeting interests. “These are questions I have been addressing in both my fiction and nonfiction for a very long time,” they say. “It's about a long, long accumulation of knowledge, and changing my mind, rethinking, discovering another beat I hadn't been thinking about before. Or discovering some earlier thought that's wrong.”
It should be said that this is also a pretty good description of Hustvedt's conversational style. They make a statement, then revises it, and revises it again. It's not that they are uncertain of what they think; it's that she's precise.
Hustvedt was born in Minnesota, in 1955, to a Norwegian mother and an American father of Norwegian descent. As a child, they spent time in Norway, and graduated with a degree there in their teens. (For days after our interview I find myself trying to emulate their correct pronunciation of the name “Knausgaard” – something like “K-NOOSE-gurt”). They say they became a feminist at 14, “carrying around my Sisterhood Is Powerful and Kate Millett, and trying to read Simone de Beauvoir and it was that terrible edition [of The Second Sex] translated by the zoologist [Howard M Parshley]”.
In the 1980s, Hustvedt had their poetry published and got a PhD in English literature from Columbia, writing their dissertation on Dickens. They then published several novels, each to greater acclaim than the last. But the differential treatment they received as a writer and thinker who also happened to be a woman became an abiding theme in their work, too. In The Blazing World, the main character is a female artist whose work is largely neglected in their lifetime, while their husband, an art dealer, is relatively successful. “In that effete microcosm,” writes Hustvedt, “it is fair to say Felix had been a giant, dealer to the stars, and I, Gargantua's artist wife.”
I really do not have a final position on a great many profound questions
The resurrection of female intellectuals from obscurity is a preoccupation of Hustvedt's. At one point they begin to quiz me about the mathematician Emmy Noether. “She did work in symmetry in mathematics that then became adopted in physics,” they tell me. “Extremely important thinker. Praised by Einstein. Praised by, I think, Heisenberg. The stellar figures of 20th-century physics thought Noether was a genius. Does Noether set off bells in your head? No?”
The Blazing World was generally well received, but there were “quite a few reviews that said, ‘But she's not likable'. Well neither is Raskolnikov,” Hustvedt says. “This [criticism] is so much more aimed at a woman's book than a man's book. Where did that come from? What kind of criterion is that for a work of literature?”
Not that they are fond of hard definitions of literature. In another essay they allude to James Wood, particularly their book How Fiction Works, with dismay and disdain. “It's incomprehensible to me that anyone who has read a great many books could come to any conclusion about how books should be written.” They talk about telling a prize committee that in the whole history of literature there has never been one clear formula for what makes a good book. “Goya said ‘There are no rules in painting.' And I think there are no rules.”
Certainly Hustvedt has not been observing any rules herself. As well as writing they have a burgeoning career as a thinker in psychiatry and neuroscience. Them longstanding interest in those subjects took off after the success of The Shaking Woman, a hybrid memoir and intellectual investigation they published in 2009. The departure point was their own illness – a nervous disorder that caused their body to convulse and gave their migraines – but it quickly expanded into an inquiry into the nature of the self that encompassed both contemporary research and the work of Jean-Martin Charcot, a 19th-century neurologist who studied hysteria.
This sideline in science has been transformative. “You can sit and argue about whether or not you like a writer deep into the night, and you can make arguments about why, and at the same time it's not like finding the fault line in somebody's argument about the predictive brain.” The problem is that science tends to appeal to a limited audience. “People who are working in neuroscience, they can see what's original. People outside of those worlds, they don't know where I'm original. Where I'm shocking people. They can't see.”
For Hustvedt the gulf between science and the humanities is something of a tragedy. In the introduction to A Woman Looking at Men …, they lament that “I have witnessed scenes of mutual incomprehension or, worse, out-and-out hostility.” They devoted their work in the sciences to drawing connections between what you could call humanistic ideas and scientific findings. They think that gender bias could be explained by way of the science of perception. “The brain as an organ of prediction is founded on prior expectations,” they explain. And our prior expectations are often set up to disadvantage women: we don't associate them with artistic greatness.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Siri Hustvedt, daughter Sophie and Paul Auster in 2004. Photograph: Contino/Bei/Rex Features
The connections between body and mind fascinate her, too. For example, lately Hustvedt has become “very interested in the placenta”. It has only been lightly studied, even though scientists refer to it as a kind of “third brain” in the process of human development, but Hustvedt's interest is also philosophical. “What does that literal mediator, that is the beginning of every human being, have to do with our later development? The idea of mediation is there in utero as an actual physical organ. This has to have an effect on what we become.”
Some of this abstracted talk may sound alienating, but in person Hustvedt's engagement has an infectious quality. It reminds me of something they wrote about another apparently intimidating writer, Susan Sontag. “In every conversation I had with them I found myself amazed at the certitude of their opinions,” Hustvedt writes. In conversations with Hustvedt, the observation is slightly different: it's hard not to be amazed at the richness, the texture of their views. “I'm always doing this tug of war between different positions. It's not that I don't have a position. But I really do not have a final position on a great many profound questions,” they say, later adding, “I am alarmed by all kinds of solidified knowledge.”
In the weeks after our interview, one particular piece of knowledge did firm up: Hillary Clinton would not be the president of the United States; Donald Trump would be. Hustvedt had repeatedly told me that the election was “charged with misogyny”. So how do they feel about things now?
“He was elected because their exploitation of the big lie technique worked, because misogyny is alive and well among women and men,” they say. “He was elected because, as a study at Yale demonstrated, when faced with an identical description of an ambitious politician, both men and women respond to a female candidate with feelings of ‘moral outrage', but have no such feelings for a power seeking male candidate.” It goes back to what they have been saying about the science of perception, the kinds of expectations we have for men versus those for women. “If she's emotional, then she's like a woman. If she's not emotional, then she's cold and heartless,” they say of Clinton. “Whereas Trump actually has played the female role: the out of control, angry hysteric. And yet, they have been perceived as a robust, masculine figure by a large portion of the US public. The possibilities for a woman are infinitely more narrow.”
A crowd of approximately 5,000 to 10,000 college-aged men and women flocked to the 200 block of Beaver Avenue following Penn State's 24-21 victory over Ohio State early Sunday morning.
While State College Police issued a number of citations during the riot, they said no one was taken into custody during the night. Rather, the majority of offenders will be receiving summons or fines in the mail related to criminal mischief.
Police said the difference between those receiving citations and those facing misdemeanor charges, is that the people facing charges were seen as “contributing to the ongoing disturbance.”
Street signs were ripped out of the ground and tossed in the air by the crowd, small fires in the street were started, several street lights were damaged and one vehicle was vandalized, according to a State College Police press release.
Between the 300 to 500 block of South Garner Street, three street signs were reported stolen or damaged on the corners of Fairmount Ave., Prospect Ave. and Hamilton Ave.
The majority of damages to the area are related to vandalism with street signs and lights, but one female reported a Miller Lite can being thrown through their apartment window and shattering the glass.
One male attempted to light a couch on fire, while another was caught lighting a chair on fire — both will be receiving summons in the mail. As for the male who tore down the stop sign at Beaver Ave. and Locust Lane, they face misdemeanor charges for disorderly conduct.
A minor victory of the night was when Police said they caught a male running a stolen stop sign into the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house located on 403 Locust Lane. When police arrived at residence, they spoke with the chapter president and were unable to identify the exact offender, so they “called it even” in exchange for the sign.
Several other arrests following the riot are pending, according to the release.
Police have only reported one injury from the night, which involved a male getting struck in the head by a glass bottle. They were taken to Mount Nittany Medical Center for treatment of their injuries, according to the release.
However, police said several other individuals went to the emergency room for slight injuries sustained from the riot.
Their main method of defense by officers was the use of pepper spray foggers for crowd control. Police said the goal was to disperse the crowd with as little damage as possible to individuals — they described it as 30 to 45 minutes of pain rather than needing to get hands-on with individuals.
It took police approximately two hours to clear out the area with the assistance of Pennsylvania State Police and several local agencies, according to the release.
The events of Sunday morning were not a typical response to a football victory, but police said they always have a plan in place for a “large crowd and spontaneous celebration.” They said they typically monitor the score and watch the time on the clock to determine if they will need to enforce these methods following the game.
While the State College Department is typically smaller-scale with roughly 55 officers, police said one limiting factor in instances like these is they only deploy as many officers as they have gear to provide — this included riot helmets last night.
The main concern of borough crew cleanup was getting power back to the street lights lining the one side of Beaver Avenue. The borough plans to estimate the cost of damages later this week.
Anyone with pictures or videos of crimes committed during last night's events are encouraged to send them to State College Police, according to the release.
Commanders,
This August marks the 15th year of Wargaming's presence in the gaming industry. To commemorate this anniversary, we have prepared a lot of great specials for the entire month!
This weekend there will be an absolute blast on the battlefields! Celebrate with us and enjoy great many discounts and sweet bonuses! This is how we'll be partying this weekend:
Premium Tank: LTP As a token of our appreciation to our faithful player community, we will be distributing this Soviet Tier III Premium Light Tank to all accounts registered before the morning maintenance on 2nd August. In addition, every player will get a free garage slot to store the vehicle as well! Triple Crew Experience for each Battle During the following days you will have the opportunity to boost up all your crews. Use this opportunity to get some new skills for your tankers! 15% Discount
on all Tier X Vehicles That's right – this weekend all Tier X vehicles will go for 85% of their usual credit price regardless of type or nation! Now's the time to get all the steel beast you always wanted! Up to 30% Discount
on Premium Ammo Ammo reserves depleted? Not a problem – during the following days, all Premium ammunition types will cost up to 30% less! Make sure to resupply your cannons and fill up your storage areas, Commanders! Up to 50% Discount
on Camouflage Patterns Whether you go for a permanent or a temporary camouflage pattern, you will pay up to half the usual price! Time to apply some war paint on your machines! 50% Discount
on Crew (Re-) training
and Skill Reset If you need to train or retrain your crew for a specific vehicle or fix their perks, this weekend you will be able to do it 50% cheaper! The offer is valid for both credit and gold options! Discounts on Premium Account Time This weekend the 360 and 180 Days of Premium Account time will be discounted by 15%! In addition to this, 3 Days of Premium Account time will go for the price of one, and 7 Days of Premium Account time will go for the price of three, so for 250 and 650 Gold respectively. If you are thinking of renewing your account's Premium status, now is the perfect time to do it! 50% Discount on Garage and Barracks Slots Want some new tanks but have no space for them? Are your barracks not big enough to accommodate all your crewmen? Buy a few more slots this weekend for half the price!
These bonuses are available from 2nd August 2013, 07:10 CEST to 5th August, 07:00 CEST. Enjoy!
Weekend Missions
In addition to all the hot discounts, there will also be some missions with great rewards for their completion!
Mission #1: Losing is the Only Way Restrictions Random battles only Conditions Be on the losing team and earn the most base experience (bonuses from Premium Account do not count)
and earn the most base experience (bonuses from Premium Account do not count) The earned experience must be higher than the following values: For Tiers I – III: 170 exp For Tiers IV – VI: 350 exp For Tiers VII – VIII: 460 exp For Tiers IX – X: 500 exp
Reward 50% more experience and credits!
Mission #2: Be a Good Winner
Restrictions Random battles only Conditions Be on the winning team and earn the most base experience (bonuses from Premium Account do not count)
and earn the most base experience (bonuses from Premium Account do not count) The earned experience must be higher than the following values: For Tiers I – III: 340 exp For Tiers IV – VI: 700 exp For Tiers VII – VIII: 920 exp For Tiers IX – X: 1000 exp
Reward Triple crew experience!
Mission #3: Credits for Colours Restrictions Random battles only Conditions Receive one of the following medals: Top Gun
Patrol Duty
Crucial Contribution Reward Double credit income for the battle!
Make sure to also check out our other currently running offers!
Tank of the Month 30% more Credits for IS-2 Top of the Tree Discounts and additional Credits for French medium tanks Interactive Special 30-50% discount and 50% bonus crew experience on the tech tree branch leading up to and including the German Tiger
Party on, Commanders!
“There was once a bronze age and an iron age… today we live in the age of plastic.”
So said, Boyan Slat, founder of the Ocean Clean Up project and one of our heroes at BWI.
Along with many others, Boyan has brought the problem of the plastic in our oceans to international attention. It is a symptom of our ‘throw away society' and a world increasingly hungry for more.
The problems of plastic pollution is not a new problem but it is predicted to get worse. Researchers have even predicted there may be more plastic in the oceans than fish by 2050.
Fortunately, a few pioneering entrepeneurs have taken finding a solution to the problem into their own hands. They are pretty amazing but let's not leave all the hard work up to them.
We put together this cool infographic to show the scale of the problem and to give you some simple tips on how we can all help to clean up our oceans.
For more exciting insights on global problems, hop on our newsletter!
Finally we have something very interesting to share. The details you are about to read are coming from a very good source. The same source confirmed mobile Polaris specs weeks before it was released. It all turned out to be true. The only thing that you need to know, is that information is from internal server roadmap.
AMD VEGA 10
Vega 10 will be released in first quarter of 2017, it has 64 Compute Units and 24TF 16-bit computing power. Vega 10 is based on 14nm GFX9 architecture. It comes with 16GB of HBM2 memory with a bandwidth of 512 GB/s. The TBP is currently expected at around 225W. Meanwhile, dual Vega 10 will be released in second quarter of 2017 and TBP should be around 300W.
AMD VEGA 20
Now here's something interesting that we didn't know yet. Vega20 will use 7nm GFX9 architecture. It will feature 32GB of HBM2 memory with 1 TB/s of bandwidth. TBP is around 150W and it will support PCI-Express 4.0. It will also have 64 Compute Units.
So what does GFX9 really mean? It's an internal codename for architecture, for instance Hawaii was GFX7 and Polaris was GFX8.
AMD VEGA 11 and NAVI 10 & 11
We have also learned that AMD is planning to replace Polaris 10 with Vega 11 next year. The specs were not released and we can only expect Vega 11 to share the same fabrication node with Vega 10 (14nm).
If our source has correct information then Navi 10 and 11 are currently planned for 2019. It means that roadmap has changed and Navi is pushed back one year in the schedule.
We will keep you updated if we learn more.
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
AMD gives away Battlefield 1 Deluxe Edition upgrade with Radeon RX 480 Next Post
Gears of War 4 free with GeForce GTX 1080 and GTX 1070
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Brazil's Sports Minister insists that Rio de Janeiro is prepared to host the Olympic Games in two months, despite a litany of heavily publicized potential setbacks.
Leonardo Picciani, who was appointed to the role less than three months ago, told the BBC that those attending the Games would “have a great experience.”
It has been an arduous few months for the South American country, where President Dilma Rousseff faces an impeachment trial in a sweeping national corruption scandal, and an outbreak of the Zika virus has prompted more than 200 scientists to ask officials to delay the Olympics.
Read More: Here Are the 4 Challenges Rio de Janeiro Must Meet to Host a Successful 2016 Olympics
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Meanwhile, there remains work to be done in preparation for the Games themselves. The BBC reports that there are concerns over unfinished construction, and in late April, two people died after the collapse of a bike path built in a wave of pre-Olympic municipal renovations.
Picciani, however, said “all precautions” had been taken to prevent the spread of Zika and that the Olympics team was running “seamlessly.”
“I would say to any athlete, to any visitor planning on coming to Rio, you do not have to worry, Rio and Brazil have prepared for this moment.”
[BBC]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The World Service Authority (WSA), a Washington-based charity and executive branch of the World Government of World Citizens, has issued a world citizen passport for Former US national Edward Snowden, who disclosed America's mass monitoring program, the Voice of Russia reported.
“WSA Issues World Passport to Edward Snowden Based Upon Article 13 (2) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,” reads the message posted on the charity's Twitter page.
“This unprecedented situation reveals dramatically the power of one individual versus the nation-state system, while highlighting individual sovereignty. The fact that Snowden is immobilized in a Moscow Airport Transit lounge further exposes the fiction of nation-state frontiers,” WSA's founder Garry Davis said.
The World Government of World Citizens has been issuing its passports since September 1953, although only four countries – Mauritania, Tanzania, Ecuador and Togo – recognize these IDs.
Eighteen years on from the murders of Ben Smart and Olivia Hope, the man convicted of killing them has finally broken their silence.
Scott Watson was granted approval to go on the record with North & South journalist Mike White in August, subject to certain conditions related to security of the prison and the interests of victims.
Watson is currently serving a life sentence with a minimum non-parole period of 17 years for the murders of 21-year-old Smart and 17-year-old Hope on January 1, 1998.
The pair disappeared after boarding a yacht with a stranger in the Marlborough Sounds and the case remains one of the most controversial in New Zealand's history.
READ MORE:
* Who killed Ben and Olivia?
* Scott Watson wins bid for interview with journalist
* Convicted double killer denied parole
* No royal pardon for Scott Watson
* Scott Watson case to be investigated
In three interviews conducted over three days from Christchurch's Rolleston Prison, Watson maintained their innocence.
Of their arrest, they said, "I think it was because I had a criminal record and I was [at Furneaux Lodge] alone and I left alone.
"Basically, I was an easy target from them," they told White, a former Marlborough Express reporter who covered the case from the beginning. "I was the easiest person that they could pick.
"I don't know where Ben and Olivia are," they said. "I've never met them, never seen them.
"They definitely never came on my boat and I definitely didn't murder them. And they've basically dumped me in jail for half my lifetime, it must be coming up, for something I haven't done.
"It's destroyed my family and my life."
In the interview, Watson also discussed the events of that fateful night, the days that followed and their realisation they were the prime suspect in the Smart and Hope murders, as well as crimes they committed as a teenager, their drug use and the "growing up" years.
"I got over it, and got on with life. You grow up, you get a job."
With what White describes as "unwavering honesty", Watson also discussed their experience of the Smart and Hope murder trial and their time in jail.
On whether they believe Watson is innocent, White says that's "a mug's game".
"You don't judge a person on how you perceive them. You judge them on what you know of the case and the evidence you can rely on.
"Into that, we can now add what Scott Watson has said. The only thing I can say is that nothing they told me in Rolleston Prison has eased my enormous disquiet about this case and the many, many flaws and holes in it."
However, White says, none of this is done to cause distress to the Smart and Hope families, or to "dredge up old cases".
"Our justice system isn't infallible and we must be as certain as we possibly can that the right person is convicted for the right crime."
Mike White's interview with Scott Watson, Scott Watson: The Interview, will be available in the December issue of North & South, on sale Monday, November 16.
While most countries are increasing their intangible rights for their products, Brazil is still struggling in many aspects. It is not because there is no legislation about this specific matter; but rather, foreigners are more prone to being interested in Brazilian products than Brazilians.
Although it seems like a lack of interest itself, this is not the reality. Many studies have been made to increase the protection of intellectual property, and both students and professionals are developing excellent work alerting the government how it could be better. However, Brazil is still fighting against poverty and bad investments made by their governments, which increases the journey to reach real fairness, especially for those rights considered as a luxury.
According to a recent study, small companies account for 27% of Brazil's GDP and they are responsible for 60% of the 94 million employment positions in the market. A majority of these small companies do not trademark or patent their inventions.
The last World Intellectual Property Organization – WIPO report stated that Brazil is the penultimate in terms of patenting its products and the difference between Brazil and the last country in the ranking is merely 212 items. Comparing to its counterparts, on BRICS, Brazil is the last one. The lack of IP protection is happening on a minimal scale, in many of Brazil's small and medium business, and with products that belong to Brazilian culture, which also requires a specific legal protection.
This entire preamble is to say that certain companies from Germany and Japan have already discovered this gap and are trying to catch Brazil's most typical receipts and even some of its fruits. These companies are trying to patent these products (such as Açai, Rapadura, Cupuaçu, Acerola, Stevia, Andiroba, Bibiri, Copaíba, Cunani, Espinheira-santa) and this situation reveals one of the big dilemmas in IP: How to avoid the unfairness when developing countries have their products patented by another country?
Here are two cases that demonstrate the situation.
Japan Almost Purple
Açai is famously known to be a great source of energy. It started being eaten by those who practice sports on Brazilian beaches and soon after gained territory in gyms. It is known to be an anticancer and antioxidant (it is even richer than cranberries and raspberry).
In 2003, a Japanese company called K.K. Eyela Corporation registered the Açai berry. However, this berry is typically cultivated in Brazil and it was almost unknown to the Japanese market at that time.
The story itself seems problematic and it caused many rumors that KK Eyela Corporation would have practiced bio piracy, but at times, the gossip seemingly contained some truthfulness. It has been said that a group of Japanese came to Brazil and “stole” some seeds. Allegedly, the company was also interested in other types of Brazil's typical fruits, such as Cupuaçu (the correct pronunciation is koo-poo-ah-soo).
The Brazilian Embassy initiated a battle to overturn the trademark. After four years, the Department of Genetic Patrimony of Environment Ministry informed that Japan Patent Office canceled the patent.
Because of this case, the Brazilian government created a list including all of its products, aiming to prevent the bio piracy. On that list, there are three thousand scientific names of plants and berries and more than five thousand popular names. This list was spread to patent offices around the world, but it still has not banned all of the piracy.
In 2011, the Legislative Power created a Law proclaiming Açai berry a national fruit(Law Project 2787/2011). This change protected Açai berry against future attempts to patent by non-Brazilian companies and it also avoids deception regarding its origin. In November 2014, the new rule was accepted and will be published.
Germany Isn't So Sweet
In Brazil, there is popular wisdom that says: Rapadura is sweet, but it is not soft. People usually say that when you find something really good, you have to struggle in order to deserve it. This is what is happening with Brazil and their saga to bring back the product to Brazilian's hands.
One small company named Rapunzel, in Germany, acquired the Rapadura's patent in 1989. After seven years, they did the same, but in Washington – USA, which meant that if a Brazilian tried to sell a product with this specific name to Germany or the United States, they would have to pay royalties to the German company.
The Brazilian federal government found out about the patent through an anonymous letter, which was discovered to be authored by a researcher that was surfing the Internet. After sending two official letters to the German Patent Office, informing them about the Rapadura and its origins, the German company's response was that they did not know that Rapadura was a typical recipe from the North of Brazil, even though they bought all the sugar (the principal ingredient for Rapadura) from Brazil.
The Brazilian Bar Association, named OAB (Ordem dos Advogados do Brasil), brought an action against the German company, arguing that the company was in breach of the TRIPS agreement. The case, nonetheless, remains without a resolution.
The name Rapadura, as well as Açai, and other typical products, did not belong to one Brazilian company, but to the whole nation. The process of requiring a registration is quite different from creating a patent for a product, or a trademark. Therefore, the question involves the government and laws, and not only private interests.
If Brazil was in the last place on trademarks and patents for business, the national products would be another point that should stimulate Brazil to run – and run really fast – in order to protect Brazilian natural wealth. Perhaps the possible response for the question in the beginning of this post is to create better solutions and strengthen policies against this type of problem that violates the culture of a whole country.
Photo courtesy: Feira Acai 2013-0122 by Paulo Neves
Thoughts on SCOTUS Video Games Decision in Brown v. EMA
The Supreme Court wasn't playing games with the First Amendment today. With its 7-2 decision in Brown v. EMA, the Court has protected video game creators and players from unconstitutional restrictions on what we can produce and play.
Today's decision ensures that video games have First Amendment protection on par with books, film, music and other forms of entertainment and will help block other regulatory efforts that are justified by blindly alluding to the rationale that “it's for the children.” The decision fits nicely alongside an impressive and growing string of recent First Amendment cases from the Court that significantly raise the bar against legislative efforts to regulate freedom of speech and expression.
Quick background: In May 2010, the Supreme Court announced that it would review a California law regulating the sale of violently-themed video games to minors. The case was Schwarzenegger v. Entertainment Merchants Association, but the name of the case changed to after Jerry Brown became governor of California. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals had struck down a California law which prohibited the sale or rental of “violent video games” to minors, but California appealed and the SCOTUS took up the issue. [Note: When we were still with the Progress & Freedom Foundation, Berin Szoka and I filed a big amicus brief with the Court in the case along with some folks at the Electronic Frontier Foundation.] By a 7-2 vote, the Supreme Court backed the Ninth Circuit and overturned the California law. Justice Scalia wrote for the majority. Justices Thomas and Breyer dissented.
The crucial holdings in the decision are as follows:
Video games are protected speech deserving strict First Amendment scrutiny. The Court held: “Video games qualify for First Amendment protection. Like protected books, plays, and movies, they communicate ideas through familiar literary devices and features distinctive to the medium. And ‘the basic principles of freedom of speech… do not vary' with a new and different communication medium.” Depictions of violence in video games cannot be treated as obscenity and regulated as such. The Court concluded flatly: “speech about violence is not obscene” and held that “a legislature cannot create new categories of unprotected speech simply by weighing the value of a particular category against its social costs and then punishing it if it fails the test.” It continues on: “the State of California wishes to create a wholly new category of content-based regulation that is permissible only for speech directed at children. That is unprecedented and mistaken. This country has no tradition of specially restricting children's access to depictions of violence.” The social science literature on the impact of violent games is inconclusive. The Court found that: “Psychological studies purporting to show a connection between exposure to violent video games and harmful effects on children do not prove that such exposure causes minors to act aggressively. Any demonstrated effects are both small and indistinguishable from effects produced by other media.” Concerns about children cannot be used as an excuse for sweeping content regulation (especially when less-restrictive means exist of dealing with access to objectionable content.) Government cannot excuse censorship by pointing to fears about children's access to violent depictions of media. The Court noted that, “California's effort to regulate violent video games is the latest episode in a long series of failed attempts to censor violent entertainment for minors,” but that, “even where the protection of children is the object, the constitutional limits on governmental action apply.” Violently-themed media is as old as literature itself, the Court noted. As has been the case with previous forms of violent content, parental responsibility is the better way to regulate access to potentially objectionable media. And the Court noted that tools and ratings exist to help parents do so.
This is the proper approach for a society that cherishes free speech, freedom of expression, and personal responsiblity. The Court did a great thing here today. Honestly, I was expecting a loss and had a long essay ready to go that reflected my disappointment. Never have I been so pleased to tear up something I had spent so much time on!
A great day for the First Amendment.
P.S. As if often the case, the best line in the decision came in a footnote: “Reading Dante is unquestionably more cultured and intellectually edifying than playing Mortal Kombat. But these cultural and intellectual differences are not constitutional ones. Crudely violent video games, tawdry TV shows, and cheap novels and magazines are no fewer forms of speech than The Divine Comedy,” Justice Scalia wrote.
_____
Additional TLF Reading on Video Games:
Tucker: Anti-Trump 'Avalanche of Propaganda Continues' With New Dossier Firm News
De Blasio to Trump: New York's Sanctuary Policy a 'Model for the Nation'
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) and Philadelphia Mayor James Kenney (D) are planning to ignore a Sunday deadline to provide critical information to ICE on their sanctuary city status.
The Justice Department is demanding those cities prove that they are not impeding federal immigration investigations, James Rosen reported.
ICE said their enforcement posture is endangering their citizens.
Philadelphia City Solicitor Sozi Pedro Tulante wrote a letter to the DOJ claiming the city doesn't keep police from questioning immigration statuses, according to NBC News.
The city is suing Attorney General Jeff Sessions over their plans to combat sanctuary city policies by withholding federal funds, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.
De Blasio's Republican opponent in next month's mayor's race ripped the former city public advocate and also accused them of "putting the city up for sale."
New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (R-Staten Island) told Tucker Carlson that a de Blasio donor, Jona Rechnitz, admitted to buying-off the mayor as much as $100 million.
“We're going to become significant contributors, but we want access,” Jona Rechnitz told the mayor's fundraiser, according to the Brooklyn business person's testimony this week.
Malliotakis said de Blasio will host Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) next week and has campaigned with fellow progressive Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.).
They said de Blasio is focusing more on their national political aspirations than serving the eight million people of New York City.
De Blasio: 'Profoundly Racist' Trump 'Living Out a Tabloid Approach' to the WH
Gutfeld Goes Off on 'Dumb' & 'Dangerous' Mayor De Blasio
Hello hello! What a day!
So many things going on this very fine day!
This morning, we posted another episode to The Letters Page podcast (as we do every Tuesday morning), launched a Kickstarter that I'm not working on at all (which we do NOT do every Tuesday morning), and now I'm here writing this update!
Just a quick note since I mentioned another Kickstarter - it's not a project that Adam or I have any part in. Other folks are making the stuff happen with that project. If people want more info, I'll happily talk more about it next week, but my focus is entirely on OblivAeon. Don't worry about anything else!
So, let's get into all the exciting things we're covering this week!
Shield Cards
At the beginning of the OblivAeon fight, you encounter the first form of OblivAeon, and it's awful. Summoning Scions, dispatching Aeon Men into both battle zones (as the game is played across two environments simultaneously), and working towards the destruction of all reality. OblivAeon mostly ignores the heroes at this point, and it can easily afford to do so, what with 10,000 HP.
WHAT.
10,000?
THERE'S NO WAY THAT CAN BE RIGHT!
But guess what… it is right. And awful.
Even worse, it's not like you can even begin to chip away at that ridiculous pile of HP, thanks to these:
Front and Back of two of OblivAeon's Shield Cards
Each game of OblivAeon starts with a randomly selected Shield Card in play, which brings with it a particular Scion, prevents all damage to OblivAeon, and brings other nasty surprises. There are 5 different Shield Cards, each with their own unique mechanics, so they'll always keep you guessing.
I did warn you that OblivAeon was awful.
But who's doing anything about it?
The OblivAeon Comic Book
The heroes that you know and love are doing everything they can about OblivAeon! Want a preview of what's going on there?
Now, I don't want to give away too much, but I do want to show off how great this comic book is looking. Adam has really outdone themselves with the art. But! If you don't want to read any of the comic book before you get it in your hands, skip the next few images...
All three of these images are clickable if you want to embiggen them.
OblivAeon Comic Cover
Inside Cover and Page 1
Pages 2 & 3
TO BE CONTINUED!
I hope you're as excited about this as we are. Because we're REALLY excited!
Hero Card Backs
I did say we'd have hero deck backs this week! And sure enough:
Hero Deck Backs of the Villain-Turned-Hero Sort!
Next week, there will be OTHER hero deck backs! And that should be all of the deck backs. Right? Am I missing anyone?
Looking forward to the next update!
I will be talking a LOT about the mechanics of OblivAeon next week. Possibly more showing than talking. Don't get too excited by the word “showing” there - I'm not going to make a video for you in the next week or something like that. I'm no good at the A/V stuff. I just make games. Anyway! More on that next week. Keep being awesome, everyone!
See you next week!
-Christopher
FOXBOROUGH – You might be hard-pressed to find a Patriots player who looked like they were having more fun on the field last season than Chandler Jones. Then a rookie, they broke out a different dance for each sack they recorded, including Pee-Wee Herman's “Tequila” dance in Seattle and “The Dougie” in London against the Rams.
The 23-year old is famously the youngest of three brothers, all of whom are successful athletes – Arthur is a defensive lineman for the Ravens, and Jon “Bones” is a UFC champion. Chandler is the self-proclaimed goofball of the three, though they say there is no one quite like Jon.
Advertisement
First job: Actually, I had two jobs. One of them I was a chaperone at the Boys & Girls Club by my house, and I also worked at McDonald's. I used to work on the grill. I was making $7.25 an hour; I think that was minimum wage then. I'll never forget. And I was kind of upset because I didn't get a raise and I was there for a year and a half, and I thought after a year you were supposed to get a raise. That's how it was going. Everyone got a raise except for me. I was just working, slaving over the grill every day (laughs).
First car: My first car was an old box Cadillac, I don't know what year, but it was old. It was a DeVille. It was light blue; it would turn off on me all the time. My friends would always say, ‘this is a death trap,' because we would go out and we never knew if it was going to start or not. I was just hoping if I had a girl or someone with me, I was just hoping it would start. There were all kinds of tricks and gadgets [to getting and keeping it going]. I bought it with McDonald's money. I bought it for $1,000 I think. It was cheap. It was a piece of crap. But all my checks I saved up, and I got it. It was my pride and joy. It was my first car.
Advertisement
Favorite TV show: The Jamie Foxx Show – it's hilarious. Tosh.0 – ridiculousness. Ridiculousness.
Favorite meal: Lasagna. But it has to be cooked by the right person – my mom's lasagna, they put everything in it: olives, pepperoni, it's really good.
Prized possession: My family, to be honest with you. My family is all that I have. If they were to ever need anything from me or for me to do anything, I feel like I would do it 110 percent. That's my pride and joy, my family. Mom, dad, both my brothers, nieces and nephews.
Place I want to visit: Bora Bora. I want to go with a lady friend, but every time I set the trip up, we end up breaking. I swear to you. I've been trying to go to Bora Bora since before I came to New England. I was going to go this offseason, but we broke up.
Buy Tickets
If they made a movie about your life… It would be a…I don't know. It would definitely be a serious move. It would be a top-selling movie, I know that much (smiles). If I got into detail and told every part about my life in that movie, it would be a top seller. Who would play me? It would have to be the guy from ‘Remember the Titans,' Julius. Everyone says I look like him. Hopefully they could play me; I don't think he's goofy like I am. It would have to be him.
[Who would play your brothers?] Arthur would be Morris Chestnut; Morris Chestnut would have to put some weight on. And Jon – Jon would just have to be Jon, because you can't compare Jon to anyone. That boy is so left-field. Jon would have to play himself.
The ambassador recalled that the newspaper had published three lengthy pieces by an "iDnes special correspondent in the east of Ukraine," which romanticized and glorified criminals who captured part of the Ukrainian territory and took hostage millions of Ukrainians.
"One gets the impression that the only task of Adam Hajek was to whitewash the image of gangsters who, together with the Russian military, terrorize local population in Donbas and destroy what's left of its infrastructure," Perebyinis said.
At the same time, with respect to the Ukrainian military, Hajek uses unacceptable comparisons, most typical for Russian propaganda media.
Read alsoChief of Inter TV news service expelled from Ukraine for propaganda"The general conclusion to which they try to bring their readers is obvious: to justify the crimes that are being carried out by Russia and its puppets in Donbas," the ambassador wrote.
They also noted that the correspondent had entered the occupied areas of Donbas in violation of the Ukrainian laws, that is, from the territory of Russia.
"Does the publication know that this is casting a shadow on the reputation of the entire publication, not only the journalist? If the editorial board did not know about this, would it be ready to condemn the actions of its journalist who might have used the name of one of the most influential Czech newspapers for who knows what purposes of their own?" Perebyinis asked in their column.
Read alsoRussian-controlled media spread untrue information about Energoatom – James WilsonIt is worth noting that Hajek's latest piece was published by iDnes on May 21, titled "Czech warriors fighting in Donbas: they have more democracy here than you do." It refers to Czech militants in Donbas, while the author praises their crimes against the Ukrainians in their article.
UPDATE Police disclose chronology of events leading to Amokrane Sabet's death, officer stabbed 8 times before Sabet shot repeatedly
French national Amokrane Sabet, 49, has reportedly been shot dead by police officers in Canggu after an altercation early on Monday afternoon when they allegedly stabbed a police officer.
Badung Police Chief Tony Binsar confirmed the incident to local newspaper Tribun Bali.
But Binsar was apparently reluctant to reveal anything more at the moment about the ex-MMA fighter's death.
“Later, the head Bali Police spokesperson will explain the full chronology. But, it definitely happened,” Binsar said, as quoted by Tribun.
News of Sabet's death has erupted on social media, from lengthy Facebook conversation threads to news posts on Instagram, such as this one by citizen journalist site Info Denpasar:
Breaking News ! WNA yang sering meresahkan warga berawa, yakni Amokrane Sabet harus ditembak oleh petugas karena mencoba melawan saat akan ditangkap. Info lanjutan menyusul. Thanks @yuliabintang #CitizenJournalist A photo posted by Denpasar dan Bali (@infodenpasar) on May 1, 2016 at 9:29pm PDT
Though he's apparently been well-known in Canggu for a long time, Sabet had recently made headlines in Bali when police told local newspaper Tribun Bali that Sabet had torn up police summons.
Image copyright EPPO Image caption The invasive pathogen has affected thousands of hectares of olive plantations in Puglia, southern Italy
Test suggests some varieties of olive trees appear to be resistant to an invasive pathogen posing a serious risk to Europe's olive industry.
The findings came to light during a study into the host range of the bacteria, which reached Europe in 2013.
The findings offer hope of limiting the impact of Xylella fastidiosa that experts described as one of the "most dangerous plant pathogens worldwide".
If it is not controlled, it could decimate the EU olive oil industry.
The study, carried out by Italian researchers and funded by the European Food Safety Agency (EFSA), began in 2014 and consisted of two main types of experiment: artificial inoculation (via needle) and inoculation via infected vectors (insects) collected from the field.
The tests were carried out on a variety of species, including a range of olive, grape, stone-fruit (almond and cherry) and oak varieties.
Growing understanding
"The first results are coming from the artificial inoculation because the field experiments began in the summer so it is only six months old, therefore only part of the results are available," Giuseppe Stancanelli, head of the EFSA's Plant and Animal Health Unit, told BBC News.
"The key results are that, 12-14 months after artificial inoculation on different olive varieties, the team found that young plants typically grown in the region displayed symptoms of the dieback.
"The research team also found evidence of the bacterium moving through the tree - towards it root system as well as towards the branches."
But they added: "What has also been shown is that some varieties have shown some tolerance. They grow in infected orchards but do not show strong symptoms, as seen in more susceptible varieties.
"They are still infected by the inoculation but this infection is much slower so it takes longer for the infection to spread, and the concentration of the bacterium in the plant is much lower.
"This shows the potential for different responses (to the pathogen) in different varieties."
Image copyright EFSA Image caption Researchers hope the study will help shape a strategy to contain the spread of the potentially devastating disease
Dr Stancanelli added that these results were important in terms of providing information for tree breeders.
However, it was too early to say whether or not the olive yields from the varieties that have displayed tolerance to the infection are nonetheless reduced or adversely affected, they observed.
The EFSA Panel on Plant Health produced a report in January warning that the disease was known to affect other commercially important crops, including citrus, grapevines and stone-fruit.
However, the results from the latest experiments offered a glimmer of hope.
"Olives seemed to be the main host of this strain while citrus and grapes did not show infection, either in the field or by artificial inoculation," Dr Stancanelli said.
They added that the infection did not spread through the citrus and grape plants that were artificially inoculated, and the bacterium was not found beyond the point it was introduced to the plant by injection.
But they added that more research was needed on stone-fruit species.
"The tests on the artificially inoculated varieties of stone-fruit need to be repeated because there is a mechanism in the plants that makes artificial inoculation difficult," Dr Stancanelli explained.
"Another uncertainty we had was about (holm) oak. Quercus ilex is a typical Mediterranean oak that grows in the landscape and is natural vegetation.
"At the beginning of the outbreak in 2014, some symptoms were found on oaks and the tests were positive but this was never confirmed so this was probably a 'false positive'.
"The artificial inoculation test appears to have shown that the holm oak is resistant (to the disease)."
Reducing uncertainty
The Xylella fastidiosa bacterium invades the vessels that a plant uses to transport water and nutrients, causing it to display symptoms such as scorching and wilting of its foliage, eventually followed by the death of the plant.
Since it was first detected in olive trees in Puglia, southern Italy, in October 2013, it has been recorded in a number of other locations, including southern France. To date, it has yet to be recorded in Spain, the world's largest olive oil producer.
Experts warn that should the disease, which has numerous hosts and vectors, spread more widely then it has the potential to devastate the EU olive harvest.
Globally, the EU is the largest producer and consumer of olive oil. According to the European Commission, the 28-nation bloc produces 73% and consumes 66% of the the world's olive oil.
Recent reports suggest that the X. fastidiosa outbreak has led to a 20% increase in olive oil prices during 2015.
Image copyright EFSA Image caption The study sought to identify what species were susceptible to the invasive pathogen
In November 2015, the European Commission announced it was providing seven million euros (£5m) from the EU Horizon 2020 programme to fund research into the pathogen.
One of the areas of the Horizon 2020-funded research will be on plant selection to strengthen tolerance and resistance to the disease.
Dr Stancanelli explained that the experiments established in this study would continue as part of the EU-funded Ponte programme.
"The experimental field realized within the pilot project will serve as unique source of plant material for future project actions aiming at investigating the host-pathogen interactions," they said.
"Investigations will be extended to an additional panel of 20 cultivars which will be planted in... April in the same plot."
The disease plagued citrus farmers in North and South America for decades. It remained confined on these continents until the mid-1990s when it was recorded on pear trees in Taiwan.
According to the European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organisation (EPPO), which co-ordinates plant protection efforts in the region, the pathogen had been detected prior to 2013 by member nations on imported coffee plants from South America. However, these plants were controlled and the bacterium did not make it into the wider environment.
The arrival of the disease in Italy and its spread to southern France led to the European Commission issuing EU-wide control measures in 2015.
Earlier this year, when a cold-tolerant subspecies of the bacterium was identified in the southern France outbreaks, UK government plant health officials published information for horticulture professionals, especially those importing plants. They were advised of their obligations - such as obtaining the necessary plant passports - and given details of the visible symptoms to look out for on potentially infected plants.
Follow Mark on Twitter
On April 17, Pennsylvania became the latest state to pass medical marijuana legislation, which will take effect this month. And recently Ohio's House of Representatives has passed a plan to permit medical marijuana in the state.
Research suggests that marijuana – or more specifially compounds in marjuana – may have potential as a treatment for epilepsy and chronic pain, among other conditions. However, more research is needed to fully understand any potential health benefits from the substance.
As of this writing, 41 states have legislation that permits medical marijuana in some form. However, the law in Texas is not considered functional, because it requires a physician to prescribe marijuana. Since marijuana is illegal under federal law, doctors can't prescribe it. They can only recommend it to patients. Louisiana's law had the same flaw, but the state's House of Representatives just voted on new legislation that should correct this problem.
As the director of the Research Institute on Addictions at the University at Buffalo and a researcher who studies social factors in the development of addictions, I follow many of the emerging trends in substance use.
When New York state passed legislation allowing for medical marijuana late in 2015, I began to collect information on the ways that the states were approaching this controversial issue.
As medical marijuana laws become more common in the U.S., it's good to understand what, exactly, these state laws allow – and what they don't. States are trying to strike a balance between access to medical marijuana for patients who might benefit, while also ensuring that these laws don't become a backdoor to full legalization. And, as I have found, there is a lot of variation in terms of what states mean by “medical marijuana.” This can affect whether and how patients can access it and what conditions it can be used to treat.
What is medicinal about marijuana?
Let's start by looking at what medicinal properties marijuana actually has.
Marijuana consists of several hundred chemical components, but the most well known is tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), which causes marijuana's “high.” It can also be used to treat nausea and vomiting. In fact, there are two FDA-approved synthetic versions of THC, Dronabinol (also called Marinol) and Cesemet, which are prescribed to treat nausea and vomiting for patients undergoing chemotherapy for cancer or to stimulate appetite for patients with AIDS. A side effect of these drugs is euphoria, which means they can make you high.
At the federal level, only these two medications are legal. THC or other extracts, whether synthetic or derived from the marijuana plant, are not.
The other marijuana compound with known medical applications at present is cannabidiol (CBD). Unlike THC, CBD does not produce a high. There are no FDA-approved medications based on CBD yet, although it is being studied as promising treatment for severe epilepsy and pain.
Proponents of medical marijuana argue that the combination of the chemical components present in the plant itself provides the most effective treatment for some medical symptoms. However, the amount of the medically important components differs from one plant to the next, and other potentially harmful components may also be present in the natural product. Research examining this issue is critically needed.
Eduardo Munoz/Reuters
In some states ‘medical marijuana' means marijuana
The phrase “medical marijuana” might give you the image of people buying plants or dried marijuana to smoke. That's the case in some states with medical marijuana laws, but not all.
In 21 states and the District of Columbia as of this writing, people can possess marijuana in plant form for medical purposes. But, of course, there is plenty of variation between these 21 states.
For instance, in 15 of those states, laws permit people to cultivate marijuana plants for medicinal use. Limits on the number of plants vary from state to state, but most of the states allow for 6-12 plants. And some of those states limit the number of mature versus immature or seedling plants people are allowed to have.
Several of these 15 states allow home cultivation only under certain circumstances. For example, Massachusetts allows patients to cultivate plants if a state dispensary is not nearby or for financial reasons. Other states require the cultivation to be in a locked area or have other restrictions.
In six other states, medical marijuana laws allow people to possess usable marijuana, but prohibit them from cultivating the plant.
Still with me? Good. Those are just the states that permit people to possess marijuana or to cultivate plants to some degree or another.
And in other states ‘medical marijuana' means a marijuana extract
In 15 states, medical marijuana laws allow people to possess only one specific marijuana extract, CBD, the component that does not produce a high. Possessing marijuana itself or cultivating plants isn't allowed.
If you live in Minnesota, New York or Pennsylvania, state laws prohibit “smokeable marijuana” but do allow marijuana extracts in nonsmokeable forms, such as oils that can be vaporized, oral solutions and capsules. These products are manufactured with specific amounts of THC and CBD.
Now that we have sorted out the different types of medical marijuana states permit, let's move on to the next major variation in medical marijuana legislation – what conditions medical marijuana can treat.
What do states say medical marijuana can treat?
Most states that allow people to possess or cultivate marijuana for medical purposes allow its use to treat many medical conditions, including pain, nausea, HIV/AIDS, seizures and glaucoma. As of now, nine states also allow for the use of marijuana for post-traumatic stress disorder.
The most liberal of the states, California, goes a step further. Not only is medical marijuana permitted to treat all of these conditions, but also for any other major illness where marijuana has been “deemed appropriate and has been recommended by a physician.”
David McNew/Reuters
Remember, in some states the only “medical marijuana” permitted is an extract, CBD. One of these states, Kentucky, allows CBD only for people in a state-sponsored clinical trial.
The other 14 states that allow the use of CBD allow it only for “debilitating,” “severe” or “intractable” epilepsy. Most of these states do not have dispensaries where CBD can be purchased, or they have one single source, usually a a medical school. So if a physician in these states determines that a patient would benefit from CBD, a patient would have to travel to another state with a dispensary that sells CBD.
And, of course, it gets even more complicated. Many of the states with legal dispensaries of CBD are not permitted to provide it to nonresidents. That means that even CBD though is legal in some states, it is effectively unavailable for most who might benefit.
Why is there so much variation between the states?
Marijuana is classified as a Schedule 1 Drug, a category reserved for substances with “no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse.” This makes research on marijuana medical applications difficult.
As Nora Volkow, the Director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, pointed out,
medical research can and is being done with schedule I substances; however, there are strict regulations and administrative hurdles associated with this status.
With research about medical marijuana moving so slowly, states, often based on citizen lobbying efforts, have acted, creating legislation that might be based more on opinion than on evidence.
Whatever your opinion is on the legalization of marijuana for recreational purposes, the array of state and federal laws regarding the use of medical marijuana is confusing and problematic for those who might benefit from such a program. It is vitally important that we clear the hurdles to clinical research on marijuana, and that we accelerate research addressing the potential benefits and harms.
In my article today on the job market for recent college grads, I mentioned that academic majors seem to have a big effect on whether students are employed — and employed in jobs that use their college degrees — after they graduate.
In 2009, the Labor Department's American Community Survey began asking people what discipline they majored in, if they graduated from college. Andrew Sum, a labor economist at Northeastern University and leading expert on the youth labor market, has analyzed the resulting answers, and then looked at what types of jobs graduates of each major held. If the type of job is one that typically requires a college degree (based on other Labor Department data), they categorized these people as being in the “college labor market.”
Here's a look at their results, which show 2009 employment rates for college alumni under age 25. (We won't have 2010 data until this summer, unfortunately.)
As you can see, across all disciplines, 77.6 percent of college graduates had jobs. But only 55.6 percent of all college graduates had jobs that required college degrees. (Some of the remaining grads who didn't have jobs were looking for work, but some weren't, perhaps because they were enrolled in school.)
The major that produced the most graduates in jobs that required degrees was education and teaching; 71.1 percent of this discipline's alumni had jobs for which a bachelor's was a prerequisite. This is probably not surprising, since so many of these grads became teachers.
Engineering had the next-best track record, with 69.4 percent of its graduates from placed in college labor market jobs.
The majors with the worst placement records were area studies (44.7 percent in degree-requiring jobs) and humanities (45.4 percent).
Why do we care if these grads get placed in jobs that require degrees?
Part of the reason people go to college is to get better jobs. It's by no means the only reason, of course; a liberal arts education can enrich a person's life in ways besides better employment. But better employment is surely one of the crucial goals, and jobs that require college degrees generally pay better than jobs that don't. This is true for graduates of every major:
Across all majors, the typical graduate who finds a job requiring a college degree will earn $26,756. The typical graduate who find a job that does require a degree, by contrast, will earn just $15,896. That's about an $11,000 premium.
The disparity is bigger for certain majors than others.
Health majors appear to have the most to gain by finding a job that requires their degree, since their typical earnings in such a job ($30,819) are nearly two and half times their typical earnings in a job that doesn't require a degree ($12,843). The premium is lowest for area studies majors.
Interestingly, college majors also seem to have an effect on earnings in jobs that don't require having gone to college. Note that engineers, for example, still earn more in non-degree-requiring jobs than humanities majors get in degree-requiring jobs.
This may have something to do with the types of people who choose to major in these disciplines, or perhaps where they live. It may also mean that the type of knowledge you acquire in each major can enhance your abilities or productivity in all kinds of work, even that usually done by lower-skilled people.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Salaries at Liverpool put the club among the world's sporting elite financially, a new survey has confirmed.
First team players at Anfield take home an average of £57,000 per week or a shade over £3m a year (£3.01m) according to the latest analysis from the global sports salary survey (GSSS) by sportingintelligence.com.
The ECHO understands the highest earners at Anfield include Daniel Sturridge who takes home around £150,000 per week while club captain Jordan Henderson and James Milner also earn well over £100,000 a week.
Those wages place the club as the tenth biggest club in the world for wages in football - but still only the fifth highest paid even within the Premier League itself.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Just 30-odd miles down the road and Manchester United are now paying the highest wages in world football after their summer acquisitions of Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic were added to highly-paid incumbents like Wayne Rooney.
United's squad earns an average of £5.77 million a year, equivalent to £110,000 a week, almost double that at Anfield.
Liverpool are also behind Manchester City (third at £5.42m/£104,000 per week), Chelsea (fifth at £4.51m/£86,000 per week) and Arsenal (ninth at £3.70m/£71,000 per week) in wages paid.
Everton pay an average of £41,000 per week which places them 15th in the global league of payers in football.
Apart from the Premier League teams the top ten is filled out by the continental giants of Barcelona, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain, Bayern Munich and Juventus.
The survey considers the pay of almost 10,000 sportsmen at 333 teams in seven sports across 17 of the world's richest leagues.
WAGES PAID IN WORLD FOOTBALL
1. Manchester United - £5.77m/£110K pw
2. Barcelona - £5.65/£108k pw
3. Manchester City - £5.42/£104k pw
4. Real Madrid - £5.05m/£97k pw
5. Chelsea - £4.51m/£86k pw
6. Paris St Germain - £4.47m/£86k pw
7. Bayern Munich - £4.16m/£80k pw
8. Juventus - £3.97m/£76k pw
9. Arsenal - £3.7m/£71k pw
10. LIVERPOOL - £3.01m/£57k pw
The Premier League's huge TV revenues continue to make it the best paid football league in the world with players earning an average of £2.44m per year, almost double Spain's La Liga at £1.24m.
In Italian Serie A (£1.10m) and Germany's Bundesliga (£1.04m) the players can still expect to earn more than £1m a year salary as a first team player.
GSSS suggests that taking all sports into consideration, the highest paid sports stars in the world belong in America's NBA basketball league with salaries averaging an astonishing £4.8m a year thanks to a huge new broadcasting rights deal and with the dollar's strength against the pound giving their wages extra weight.
The Cleveland Caviliers - winners of the NBA Finals - jumped to the top of the world pay league, their stars earning an average of £6.54m a year with baseball's New York Yankees coming in second at £5.81m.
Basketball's LA Clippers rounded out the top three at £5.78m per year before Manchester United take the fourth spot with their £5.77 average.
Old Trafford features three of the highest paid footballers in the world with Pogba in fifth (£290,000 per week), Wayne Rooney in eighth (£260,000 per week) and Ibrahimovic in tenth (£250,000 per week).
Manchester City also have three in the top 20 in Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure and Kevin De Bruyne though none makes the top ten where astonishingly Graziano Pelle is the world's sixth best paid player thanks to their contract at China's Shangdong Luneng where they earn £273,000 per week.
The rise in China is seen by the fact that five of the best 14 players in the world now play in that country.
As well as Pelle, Hulk, Ezequiel Lavezzi, Ramires and Jackson Martinez are all identified by GSSS, whose results are published in today's Mail on Sunday.
Bangladesh has had remarkable achievements in innovations at different sectors in 2016. Several Bangladeshi scientists have brought international laurels and have attributed their discoveries to the country.
Here are the five innovations by Bangladeshi scientists who are in forefront of major discoveries around the world – in the realm of astrophysics, electronics engineering, physics and health.
Five giant stars: Rubab Khan
Bangladeshi scientist Rubab Khan has made a major breakthrough in astronomy.
Khan, of Nasa's Goddard Space Flight Centre, and their team has discovered five supersize stars "Eta twins" in other galaxies on par with a monstrous stellar system in our own Milky Way.
During the annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society in the USA this year, Rubab placed their findings on the discovery of five "Eta twins". They were identified with the help of the Hubble Space Telescope and Nasa's Spitzer Space Telescope.
Working with Scott Adams and Christopher Kochanek at Ohio State and George Sonneborn at Goddard, Rubab developed a kind of optical and infrared fingerprint for identifying possible Eta twins. According to Nasa, Rubab and their team surveyed seven galaxies from 2012 to 2014 to look for Eta twins.
The team found two candidates in the galaxy M83, located 15 million light years away, and one each in NGC 6946, M101 and M51, located between 18 and 26 million light years away. These five objects mimic the optical and infrared properties of Eta Carinae, indicating that each very likely contains a high mass star buried in five to 10 solar masses of gas and dust.
">
Further study will let astronomers determine more precisely their physical properties. The findings were published in the December 20 edition of The Astrophysical Journal Letters.
Gravitational waves: Selim Shahriar
US-based Bangladeshi Professor Selim Shariar discovered gravitational waves – which now confirm Albert Einstein's famous theory of relativity.
A team of scientists at Northwestern University led by Shahriar confirmed the existence of gravitational waves created by the collision of two black holes in the universe. This collision took place 1.3 billion light years away from earth. (A light year is the distance that a ray of light travels in a vacuum in 1 year, equivalent to 5.88 trillion miles or 9.46 trillion kilometres).
Shahriar, who had been working to “improve the sensitivity of LIGO detectors and broaden the spectrum” for the last ten years, placed two L-shaped antennae on opposite sides of the US – one in Washington State in west USA and the other in the eastern sea board. And then, on the same day, they noticed a small blip lasting for 0.2 seconds, which was 1000 times smaller than a proton. Such blips gave extensive information to scientists about the birth and nature of the universe. It also confirmed Albert Einstein's idea of gravitational wave in the universe.
Gravitational waves and ripples in space: Dipankar Talukdar
Scientist Dipanker Talukdar brought fame to Bangladesh detecting gravitational waves and ripples in space.
The 39-year-old former student of Physics Department of Dhaka University along with their team used a pair of giant laser detectors in the US. One of these detectors was in Lousiana and the other in Washington. The Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO) received a wave signal about which scientists came to know. They found that the waves were the product of a collision between two black holes 30 times more massive than our sun and located about 1.3 billion light years from earth.
Nano-scale electronic and spintronic devices: Sayeef Salahuddin
Bangladeshi scientist Sayeef Salahuddin developed nanoscale electronic and spintronic devices for low power logic and memory applications.
The devices use the properties of electrons to transmit, process and store information. Electronic devices use the electrical charge of an electron to encode data. Spintronic devices instead use another fundamental property known as spin, which is the intrinsic angular momentum of the electron.
An associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science in UC Berkeley, Salahuddin was named as a recipient of the Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers in February. It is the highest honor bestowed by the US government on science and engineering professionals in the early stages of their independent research careers.
Sayeef Salahuddin received their B.Sc. in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from BUET (Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology) in 2003 and PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Purdue University in 2007. They joined the faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at University of California, Berkeley in 2008.
Turning algae into biofuel: Dr Tamjidul Hoque
Tamjidul Hoque, assistant professor of computer science, has been awarded $141,453 by the Louisiana Board of Regents Industrial Ties Research Subprogram to develop the software tools and theoretical underpinning needed to help convert algae into biofuel. The grant also has a three-year institutional match of $36,720.
“Algae are found to have good potential for providing biofuel at a higher rate compared to any other plants,” according to Hoque. “Algae can be developed as an excellent microbial cell factory that can harvest solar energy and convert atmospheric carbon-dioxide to useful products and thus can establish the missing link in the fuel-cycle.”
Hoque's project is a collaboration among UNO, BHO Technology and the Louisiana Emerging Technology Centre in Baton Rouge. Their lab will develop advanced algorithms for analysing and optimising gene regulatory network-based biofuel production modeling in algae.
Genetical mutation responsible for Parkinson's disease: Dr Miratul Mohamid Khan Muqit
British-Bangladeshi Dr Miratul Mohamid Khan Muqit, a leading scientist based at the University of Dundee, has been named as one of this year's awardees of the prestigious European Molecular Biology Organisation Young Investigator Programme (EMBO YIP).
Their research has made several important breakthroughs in the genetical mutation responsible for Parkinson's disease, according to a press release put up on the university website.
A Welcome Trust Clinical Investigator in the MRC Protein Phosphorylation and Ubiquitylation Unit, part of the university's School of Life Sciences, Dr Muqit has been using their cutting edge research to better understand the causes of the disease.
A consultant neurologist at Ninewells Hospital, they treat patients with the disabling conditions.
Muqit was born in Glasgow, Scotland on October 12, 1973. Their father Abdul Muqit, a general practitioner, and their mother Mamataz Begum, a psychiatrist, are now living in Dhaka.
Muqit completed MBChB from the University of Edinburgh in 1997. They did their MD in Harvard University and Phd in the University of London. They were also awarded Kennedy Scholarship.  They are now serving as a Scottish clinical neurologist and scientist at the University of Dundee Medical Research Council.
Partial Show:
Set 1
Playing In The Band
Set 2
Morning Dew
Greatest Story Ever Told
Dark Star ->
Brokedown Palace
Not Fade Away ->
Goin'Down The Road Feeling Bad ->
Not Fade Away
*track this how you want to - since this is a split up partial
I chose to name the tracks according to their place in the show.
_________________________________________
General Notes:
This is a birthday show for me and I am seeding it on its 34th
anniversary. The Dew and Brokedown are excellent along with an
inspired Star. Special thanks to Lossless Legs and their 1972
project which was the impetus for assembling this martrix.
Enjoy!!!
Chappy
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: dj Dark Star Dan - favorite favorite favorite - September 17, 2014
Subject: Yes! Man, just love, love, love this show! Jerry's guitar in the "Playin'", as my friend says, growls. "Darkstar" is elegant, spacey, bouncy, captivating - perfect for a journey into ones' mind or thoughts in a very positive way. Great Matrix! Thanks for taking the time to do it. And agreed with previous post, I enjoy hearing people's excitement on the Matrix. It brings a fun energy. Someone's mind was blown and yes, I too wonder where they are today. It would be great to hear from them. Love, love, love this show... :] - September 17, 2014Yes!
Reviewer: Visionaries - favorite favorite favorite - January 16, 2014
Subject: @jinglebell radio What a negative comment, brother. This is such a great version of Dark Star, and it's upsetting that these guys are experiencing one of the greatest moments ever in their life and all you can do is shit on them.
I sit back and wonder, are they still alive? What are they doing on this cold January night? Those fellow heads may have stumbled upon this same recording and said "oh my god, that's me!!" Or maybe they were too fried out to remember. Either way, just try to keep spreading good vibes. It's a good recording - January 16, 2014@jinglebell radio
Reviewer: Jinglebell Rainbow - favorite favorite - August 21, 2010
Subject: Great Music but.. The last thing I want to hear is an idiot's whistle or F ya Dark star WHOHOHO You can take your audience noise it's not for me at all - August 21, 2010Great Music but..
Reviewer: timhorpo - favorite favorite favorite - April 5, 2010
Subject: Awesome!! I was born on this day and so I am a little biased but this show is awesome!! Dark star>Brokedown is superb!!! Thanks guys for my birthday show.... - April 5, 2010Awesome!!
Reviewer: sakanaband - favorite favorite favorite - January 11, 2010
Subject: Favorite Dark Star I have searched out and listened to almost every Dark Star ever played by the band and this one remains my favorite. Why? It is positively bursting at the seams with ideas and is one of the best examples of ensemble Type II jamming that the band has ever done. The jams are much more on the rocking side of things vs. the spacey side and this is a very, very good thing to behold. The rest of the show is consistently fantastic even by 1972 standards. The Matrix mix is also one of the top-notch with an "in the room" feel that is just about perfect. - January 11, 2010Favorite Dark Star
Reviewer: oh_uh_um_ah - favorite favorite favorite - May 8, 2009
Subject: The GRATEFUL DEAD "Live On Stage" September 16, 1972 at the Boston Music Hall, Boston, MA, U.S.A.
~^|\_@|@_/|^~
~/\~
!wow----> 'Matrix' Soundboard/Audience Mix
I love these 'Matrix' shows!
The sound is far superior to just a soundboard.
The mix sounds balanced and the GRATEFUL DEAD sound superb. Great "live" sound.
Beautiful.
Magnificent sound, I highly recommend you get all the shows that have been Matrixed...I am.
Get em at:
Thank you Chris Chappell for mixing this show properly.
The IA recommends users of Windows XP view this web-page with RealPlayer. RealPlayer is a free media player you can download at
For easy streaming or downloading use RealPlayer. Click the VBR M3U link to open the songs in the Playlist. If your Playlist is not open, open it by clicking the Playlist icon at the lower right hand corner of RealPlayer. Once the songs are in the Playlist, double-click the song to play it, then click the record button at the lower left hand corner of Realplayer to record it. When the red line reaches the other end click the stop button to download the song. Your song is in the RealPlayer Downloads folder. Repeat these steps for each song.
Eat, Drink, Be Merry and Listen to the GRATEFUL DEAD.
Thanks for the LOVE from 1972. ~^|\_@|@_/|^~~/\~!wow----> 'Matrix' Soundboard/Audience MixI love these 'Matrix' shows!The sound is far superior to just a soundboard.The mix sounds balanced and the GRATEFUL DEAD sound superb. Great "live" sound.Beautiful.Magnificent sound, I highly recommend you get all the shows that have been Matrixed...I am.Get em at: http://www.archive.org/search.php?query=subject%3A%22Sick%20Bits%22 Thank you Chris Chappell for mixing this show properly.The IA recommends users of Windows XP view this web-page with RealPlayer. RealPlayer is a free media player you can download at www.realplayer.com For easy streaming or downloading use RealPlayer. Click the VBR M3U link to open the songs in the Playlist. If your Playlist is not open, open it by clicking the Playlist icon at the lower right hand corner of RealPlayer. Once the songs are in the Playlist, double-click the song to play it, then click the record button at the lower left hand corner of Realplayer to record it. When the red line reaches the other end click the stop button to download the song. Your song is in the RealPlayer Downloads folder. Repeat these steps for each song.Eat, Drink, Be Merry and Listen to the GRATEFUL DEAD.Thanks for the LOVE from 1972. - May 8, 2009The GRATEFUL DEAD "Live On Stage" September 16, 1972 at the Boston Music Hall, Boston, MA, U.S.A.
Ok, first of all, I did try and upload these all to Imgur, but the site has been giving me grief all morning so I bit the bullet and uploaded them all here instead. There's been a lot of new Mirror's Edge news this morning. It's a veritable feeding frenzy over on the reddit. First of all, let us all bathe in the glorious new story trailer.
And before you rush off to bug Solar Fields about releasing the music, the music for the trailer was actually done by Daniel James & Mick Gordon. Solar Fields IS still doing the music for the rest of the game, this was just a special mix for the trailer. Edit: They unhosted it from soundcloud, but here it is anyway. The track name is “I Am Faith”.
Now let's go over the new art elements that have been released for the beta signup and character page. I've handily cut them into background sizes if you're interested.
These last images I couldn't have found without the help of MirrorsEdgeFan. To be honest he's helped with a lot of this, it's been a real team effort. Update: This first image was first uploaded with a lower res version, we've fixed that now so this one's nice and crisp.
Now here are screencaps from the story trailer. I'd like to comment on a couple things. First note that there is a scene where they ride a drone (I didn't include pics of that because they were blurry as shit). Now this scene could either be a one off cut scene but I tend to believe it's an ingame moment. Drones make a handy way of gliding down from buildings, and they do it in the comics as well, so they're definitely making a point out of it.
Secondly is the scene directly below this paragraph which shows them with the Silvine systems view. This scene is the moment immediately after their release from prison at the start of the game, and shortly after the view is disabled by their buddies so they can fall off the grid.
Other than that enjoy the pics.
The Andy Warhol Diaries: 25 years on
A quarter of a century after they were first published, The Andy Warhol Diaries still have the power to shock, intrigue, amuse and amaze, as Pat Hackett, the writer who collaborated with Warhol on them, explains to Tom Teodorczuk
It's hard to regard anything Andy Warhol created as being undervalued. Their art sells for colossal sums at auction — in recent years Green Car Crash (Green Burning Car I) (1963), Triple Elvis [Ferus Type] (1963) and Four Marlons (1966) have gone under the hammer at Christie's for a combined total of more than $223 million million. Added to this, an unceasing cycle of exhibits and events reinforce the Pittsburgh's pop artist's prescience on consumerism, celebrity and glamour.
Yet if Warhol's visuals held up a mirror to the allure and superficiality of modern life, the same can be said of their diaries. When they were first published in 1989, two years after their death, their journal scandalised New York society with the recounting of the vices of Mick Jagger, Martin Scorsese, Elizabeth Taylor and Truman Capote, among others, being at odds with an artist perceived as a study in passivity; one who once said, ‘You actually have more power when you shut up.'
To celebrate their 25th anniversary, The Andy Warhol Diaries has recently been published in a new edition and once more it is New York's hottest art book — but for different reasons.
Pat Hackett, a writer and Warhol collaborator, edited the diaries which Warhol dictated to them between 1976 and five days before their death in February 1987. In a rare interview Hackett said the diaries reveal the real nature of Warhol: ‘Andy's very close friends always experienced how talkative and opinionated they are. But the diaries deliver more than that because in the lengthy, dedicated sessions we had together they could just relax and be reflective, and so they often went deep.'
Warhol, they remembered, had long wanted to keep a diary at the Factory, their New York studio: ‘Then at a certain point, when they really needed to start keeping track of their cash business expenses, and I wanted to stop going to the Factory every day, we came to the agreement that they and I would do their own diary on the phone together every morning. At that point their life was becoming much more social… there were many more things being scheduled for them than when I had first met them in 1968.'
The diaries supply evidence the artist knew the value of their paintings would skyrocket following their death. On November 10 1983, in the aftermath of an auction sale they noted, ‘Thomas [his art dealer friend Thomas Ammann] bought a Flower painting for $40,000. It's worth a lot more, though. Someday...' In 2011 a Flower painting sold in an Artnet online auction for $1.32 million.
‘Have you ever thought about talking to a psychiatrist?' Hackett asked. Warhol said, ‘I don't need one. I have you.'
The diaries, Hackett says, were cathartic for Warhol. Towards the end of their life, they asked him, ‘Have you ever thought about talking to a psychiatrist?' They said, ‘I don't need one. I have you.'
In the diaries, Warhol records both bumping into Sean Penn in the street and witnessing them marrying Madonna; registering their distaste that Ronald Reagan isn't mingling; predicting Kevin Costner's stardom; being uncomplimentary about Jane Fonda and Diane Keaton but raving about Brooke Shields; and observing Danny De Vito is ‘so cute, we should all marry him'. They also include wider insights such as this from 1983 on the information age: ‘After years of more and more and more “people” in the news, you still don't know anything more about people. Maybe you know more but you don't know better.'
But what were the criteria for publication from the 20,000 pages of the diary? ‘Whatever was most interesting,' Hackett replies. Covering the opening of notorious Broadway flop Marilyn in 1983, Warhol ‘lied and said how great it was', but the posthumous diaries are what they felt people should hear as opposed to what they wanted to hear.
‘Everybody was reading them like mad largely because we made a calculated decision not publish an index,' Hackett recalls of the original 1989 release. ‘A lot of people at the time were extremely upset. But [Studio 54 co-owner] Steve Rubell did something great. They went on TV and said, “We're all going crazy because of what Andy said about us in the Diaries but nobody can do anything because it's all true!”'
Bianca Jagger took issue with Warhol's frequent unflattering accounts of their behaviour, refusing to believe Warhol had even written the diaries. ‘No friend is ever just one thing,' Hackett responds. ‘He liked Bianca but they often did think they were dumb and said so — on other occasions he'd really enjoy being with her.'
Author Pat Hackett © 2014 Patrick McMullan; the recent reissue of the book.
Time has rendered the gossip aspect irrelevant, Hackett maintains. ‘Today people can read The Warhol Diaries purely for the unique historical and cultural document that it is. It's Andy looking at people and the times they were in and constantly asking, What does it mean?” The diaries offer a riveting, exhaustive insight into how Warhol understood the causes and consequences of fame and art but was not blinded by them; a lover of ideas but ultimately a people person.
‘I love that it's being reissued now,' Hackett reflects, ‘because although it was a huge bestseller first time around, it did not get the serious reception it should have gotten. If ever a book deserved consideration and re-consideration it's the Warhol Diaries.'
For more Andy Warhol, see our online sale Around the World in Andy Days (until 18 February).
The Andy Warhol Diaries is published by Twelve. Main image: Celebrities during New Year's Eve party at Studio 54: (left to right) Halston [kissing unidentified], Bianca Jagger, Jack Haley Jr. and wife Liza Minnelli, Andy Warhol. Photo by Robin Platzer/Twin Images/Time Life Pictures/Getty Images
Liberals Know Hillary Is Vulnerable
RUSH: Now, folks, I went through a lot of mainstream media over the weekend and this morning, and there's a theme out there, and you might have heard it bandied about in any number of places.
You've heard it bandied about in the Republican establishment. You've heard it bandied about in the campaign, certain sectors. You've heard media people talk about it — and that is that Donald Trump cannot win a general election. “He just can't. Why, their negatives are way too high. It'd be the absolute worst thing the Republican Party could do!” Who's telling us this? Once again, our quote/unquote “friends on the left.” I went through story after story of how scared to death they are of Trump.
A Harvard professorette actually has a piece today saying this is how Hitler did it. Donald Trump is Adolf Hitler. The United States is about to become Nazi Germany while nobody is looking. This is how it happens, they say.  They are a professor at Harvard. And any number of other left-wing rags, websites, papers, you name it. For somebody or group of people who think that beating Trump would be one of the easiest things they've ever had to do, they sure as heck are scared of them — and once again, the two don't go together.
If you really think Trump is easy, if you really think beating Trump is the best option you could have if you're a Democrat, then wouldn't you want to be promoting him? Wouldn't you want to be talking positively? Wouldn't you be trying to secure their primary victory and nomination on the Republican side? I mean, the people writing this caustic stuff about Trump. I mean, there's some on the right, as you know. The mainstream Republicans.
But I'm talking specifically now about people on the left who are never gonna vote for Trump. Why spend all this energy on how rotten and dangerous Trump is? (interruption) Well, no. There are possible answers. These are all establishment people. Trump's an outsider. It doesn't matter Republican/Democrat, they don't like outsiders. They gotta trash anybody trying to upset their world. That's understandable. But I think this is more than that. I think there's a genuine fear out there that Trump can win.
I think there's a genuine fear — at least that's what I'm interpreting here — that they can beat Hillary Clinton. And, furthermore, I think that these people think that about Marco Rubio, too. And I believe they think it about Ted Cruz. I think they believe Hillary Clinton is vulnerable. Which would take us into an entire discussion of what happened in Nevada over the weekend. Memo to Bernie Sanders: As far as the Democrat National Committee is concerned, you are still a bum. And, Bernie, it's over. Even Hillary is running around out there now saying, “We have to be more than just what we're going to give people.”
Grab audio sound bite number 20. Saturday night, Las Vegas, at Clinton campaign headquarters. Hillary addressing supporters after winning the Nevada Caucuses.
HILLARY: I want you to think about this. It can't be just about what we're going to give to you.
AUDIENCE: (silence)
HILLARY: It has to be about what we're going to build together.
AUDIENCE: (applause)
HILLARY: Your generation is the most tolerant and connected our country has ever seen. In the days ahead, we will propose more ways for more Americans to get involved in national service and give back to our communities, because every one of us has a role to play in building the future we want.
RUSH: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Bernie voters don't want to hear any of that. Young Millennials, they don't want to hear that. “What do you mean, ‘community service'? What do you mean ‘national service'? What do you mean ‘giving back'? We want to know what you're gonna give us! That's why we like Bernie.” And Hillary's telling 'em there is no Santa Claus, even on the Democrat side.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: I think the Democrat thing is over, folks. It never really got started. You understand Bernie Sanders was never gonna win the nomination. They were never gonna be permitted to win the nomination. Now, what kind of fallout there is on the Democrat side when Bernie's voters figured that out, they don't know that yet. Bernie's voters think he's still in this. They're starting to get the picture, because they see how the superdelegates are being allotted.
Nevada was Hillary's first real win but it took shenanigans for this to happen. It took Harry Reid paying off the unions. It took Harry Reid paying off the unions to prevent caucusing in the casinos. Hillary Clinton has with their vast fortune helped Debbie “Blabbermouth” Schultz and the Democrat National Committee out of some debt. So the game is in, it's rigged, it's fixed, and Bernie has always been there primarily as a foil, although Bernie doesn't know it.
Bernie has been there to create the illusion that Hillary can overcome a tough fight, that they can engage in a tough fight, that they can survive and thrive, that she's not worried about people coming at her, that she's not in a coronation, that she's prepared to roll up their sleeves and start duking it out with anybody, Bernie Sanders, they don't care who else. And then Bernie's gonna be properly vanquished and people are gonna say, “See, this woman is not to be trifled with.” Bernie has been a foil all along, and they are now.
Now, the foil may have gotten out of control. Bernie might have been doing a little bit better than they intended for them to do, but they were never going to get the Democrat nomination, and he's not gonna get it now. All the action's on the Republican side.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: You look at the exit polling data coming out of South Carolina and some of the predictive polling for the future, the AP here, and you can just sense the disappointment as this was written.
A new AP poll “finds registered Republicans and GOP-leaning voters put Trump at the top of the still-unwieldy GOP field when it comes to which candidate fits best with their stand on the issues. They give Trump the best marks for competence and decisiveness.
Far more Republicans than not say they'd vote for Trump in the general election, and 86 percent of Republican voters think they can win in November — giving them a 15 percentage point advantage over their nearest rival.”
Now, the conventional wisdom is that Trump can't win, their negatives are too high, it would be an embarrassing landslide loss for the Republicans. It's over. Hillary will mop the floor. But 68% of Republican voters think they can win. And based on my reading of the Drive-By Media yesterday and today, they're scared to death they can win, while they write that they can't, while they write that they have no chance, while they write that they are the modern incarnation of Adolf Hitler, while they write that they would blow up the Constitution and do great damage to the country, and while they write that their supporters are clueless and do not even know who they're really supporting. They say, “There's no chance they can win.” Well, then encourage 'em to go forward!
If you're the Democrats and you're scared to death of this guy and you don't want them to win and you don't believe they can — if you think that they are guaranteed to lose in a landslide — why don't you people on the left start encouraging every Republican primary voter to support him? Why not run the trick? Why not do the trick? If Trump is your guaranteed route to Hillary Clinton becoming president, why don't you promote them instead of writing all these pieces about why you're so afraid of them and why everybody else should be afraid of him?
“Predictions of Trump's inevitable political demise have arrived almost daily,” this is back to the AP story, “since the brash real estate mogul jumped into the White House race. They came again after last weekend's GOP debate, when Trump aggressively went after Bush as a president…” They've concluded here their comments on Bush, on 9/11, weapons of mass destruction, none of that hurt him. They don't believe it; they can't understand it.
They thought they would be finished after their introductory remarks back on the 16th of June. Meanwhile, in South Carolina, the Republican turnout was yet another record. The real news is Democrat turnout so far — wherever you go, the Iowa caucuses, New Hampshire, Nevada, Democrat turnout — you need a microscope to see it. It is that small. “Republicans' turnout streak continued, with GOP voters shattering their South Carolina primary record Saturday night.
“With almost all precincts reporting, more than 737,000 votes had been counted. That was more than 20% higher than 2012. … By contrast, Democrats' turnout has tumbled from its 2008 records in all three contests, including Saturday's caucuses in Nevada. About 80,000 voters took part in the caucuses, with was 33% less than 2008's level.” So to sum it up, the Republican primary in South Carolina beat their previous record by 20%.
The Democrat turnout was down by a third. Safe to say the Republican base is fired up. Despite the establishment's best efforts, the Republican base is fired up. And there were some crossover voters. Stick with me here. In South Carolina, 24% of primary voters were not Republican. So basically one quarter of those who voted Saturday in the Republican primary were not Republicans. Of that 24%, Trump got 33% of 'em. Rubio got 19%. Ted Cruz got 17%.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: So nearly 25% of the voters in the South Carolina primary were Democrats. Trump only got 33% of 'em. Now, stop and think about it. You might say they made an appeal in that Saturday night debate. But Rubio and Cruz together got 30% and 17%, so 37%. Trump got 33%.
My point is that Rubio and Cruz haven't said anything that sounds like what any Democrat says, and yet there were some Democrat crossover voter voting for them. Now, it could be that they're trying to sabotage Trump. It could be a number of things. Or it could also be that there actually is Democrat fallout for the Democrat position, crossing over to join the Republicans. We'll know. It's too soon to say.
Probably as a break from the hard-partying, money-wasting, morality-shunning corporate traders they put on screen in The Wolf of Wall Street with Leonardo DiCaprio, Scorsese fields their 21 restored Polish classics that have been a source of "inspiration and influence" for the great director.
Scorsese is a long-standing admirer of Polish cinema who, on receiving an honorary doctorate from the National Film School in Łódż in 2011 spoke of the importance to them of the films of Wajda, Munk, Has, Polański and Skolimowski:
At some point I realised that when I wanted to make actors or cinematographers understand something, I'm showing them Polish films from the 1950s. I often showed Wajda films to different producers in Hollywood and they couldn't believe it because they had never seen anything like it before.
Martin Scorsese explains the project in details here.
The largest presentation to date of restored Polish cinema, the screening series will tour the U.S. and Canada throughout 2014. Martin Scorsese Presents: Masterpieces of Polish Cinema opens at the Film Society of Lincoln Center in New York City from the 5th to the 16th of February. The full schedule is available here.
The films will be presented in the highest possible quality thanks to extensive digital picture and audio restoration.
Andrzej Wajda - Ashes and Diamonds
This 1958 film earned Wajda their reputation among the new post-war generation of European filmmakers and became the calling card of the Polish School of filmmaking. Concluding the director's trilogy relating the story of young people during and just after the German occupation, Ashes and Diamonds is the romantic myth of a free-spirited Pole (the legendary actor Zbigniew Cybulski) who, at any cost, wants to live in a free homeland. The film is based on a novel by Jerzy Andrzejewski.
Read more on Ashes and Diamonds on Culture.pl
Jerzy Kawalerowicz - Austeria
Based on a novel by Julian Stryjkowski, with a screenplay by Tadeusz Konwicki and Julian Stryjkowski, this 1982 film takes place in 1914, on the first day and night of the war. The Austeria of the title, an inn, becomes a refuge for Jews fleeing Russian forces. Wealthy bourgeoisie and poor people, conservatives and radicals form a vivid cross-section of society. Kawalerowicz's masterpiece shows a confrontation of people's different attitudes in a situation of uncertainty and danger.
Read more about Austeria.
Aleksander Ford - Black Cross
Based on an adaptation of the acclaimed novel by Henryk Sienkiewicz, the film had its debut in Polish cinemas on the 22nd of August 1960. The production was commissioned by the government to commemorate the 550th anniversary of the historic battle of Grunwald. The spectacular picture proved a box-office hit and one of the most popular films of Polish cinema, and gained recognition abroad.
Read more about the film.
Krzysztof Kieslowski - Blind Chance
Three stories of a young man named Witek Dlugosz. In each, the hero purchases a train ticket. In the first, they make the train and meets a Communist idealist who inspires Witek to become a Communist Party activist. In the second, they get into a fight on the platform, is arrested, brought before a court and becomes an opposition activist. In the third, they do not make the train and meets a woman at the station, falls in love and goes on to lead a normal life. The first and second stories end with the hero drowning in dilemmas and bitterness during the workers' protests of August 1980. In the third, which might seem the happiest, the hero dies in an airline crash. In the film, Kieślowski portrays coincidence as the unpredictable director of human fate.
Read more about Blind Chance.
Krzysztof Zanussi - Camouflage
During a student research camp, a young assistant, Jarosław, meets an assistant professor named Jakub. Each represents a different attitude towards life: the first is an idealist, the other a cynic. The conflict of these attitudes, as well as a description of the academic environment, are the indelible main themes of the film (the Polish title translates more accurately as Protective Colouring). This Zanussi film is from 1976.
Read more about Camouflage on Culture.pl
Andrzej Munk - Eroica
Created by Andrzej Munk in 1957 and aiming to demystify the archetypal image of heroism that was prevalent during the social-realism era, Eroica is set during the Second World War and tells two stories. (The full title is Eroica. Heroic Symphony in Two Parts, Part I Scherzo alla pollacca, Part II Ostinato Lugubre.) Showing the atmosphere of foolhardy heroism that even impacts those not concerned with becoming heros, the award-winning film is a landmark of Polish cinema and has been called "A darkly comic, intelligent, and unorthodox chronicle... a clever, engaging, and insightful satire on duty, courage, and heroism". (Strictly Film School)
Read more about Eroica.
Wojciech Jerzy Has - The Hourglass Sanatorium
Has tells their viewers, through the character of the priest in The Hour-Glass Sanatorium, how to understand their cinema: "One thing you have to beware of in these matters: pettiness, pedantry and word-for-wordness. Have you ever noticed that between the lines of certain books, swallows proudly fly by, whole verses of swallows. You should read from the flight of those birds" [editor's translation]. This 1973 film is based on the story collection by Bruno Schulz and brings back the forgotten time and place of Poland's pre-war shtetls.
Read more about Has's film here.
Krzysztof Zanussi - The Illumination
The film is the story of a physics student searching for the meaning of life through study, reflection and contact with others. Despite their efforts, they do not experience the sought after "illumination", but events that happen along their path – the death of a friend, a short romance and an unexpected pregnancy - help them understand that they cannot control their life. Zanussi's film (1973) uses the technique of open dialogue, with the actors involved in improvisation.
Find out more about The Illumination.
Andrzej Wajda - Innocent Sorcerers
Wajda made Innocent Sorcerers at age 33, after their renowned War Trilogy (A Generation, Canal and Ashes and Diamonds). Portraying contemporary youth through a day in the life of a young doctor who drums in a jazz band, the film is a revealing yet concise commentary on the lives of young Polish people who, though born during the Second World War, didn't fight it first-hand and came of age in communist Poland.
Read more about the film.
Tadeusz Konwicki - Jump
A Mr Kowalski-Malinowski comes to a small town, telling a number of versions of their life story, all apparently related to the locality. The visitor attracts attention, builds a strange, self-contradictory legend and undermines the sleepy quietness of the semi-surrealist town. Konwicki's 1965 film is a mocking picture of a war veteran, with equally mocking representations of national attitudes, derived from national mythology and represented by the local people.
Tadeusz Konwicki - The Last Day of Summer
Two lonely people meet on a deserted beach, trying vainly to get closer to each other, prevented by memories of past dramas. The woman is particularly haunted by the war memories, the noise of airplanes reminding them of the death of the pilot they loved.
Turning limitations into strengths, Konwicki made a film in which the power lies in the performances of just two actors set in the seaside wilds. Meticulously shot and released in 1958, the film is profoundly symbolic and quite dynamic - despite the seeming inaction - owing to studied close-ups of the actors' faces and the use of the American plan.
More about The Last Day of Summer on Culture.pl.
Andrzej Wajda - Man of Iron
The film was made in the heat of evolving protests, during the thaw in communist censorship between the formation of Solidarity in August 1980 and its banning and the imposition of martial law in December 1981. The title character, Maciej Tomczyk, is the son of the protagonist of Man of Marble, the Wajda film that preceded it. Man of Iron (1981) documents the rise of the Solidarity trade union; Tomczak is a shipyard worker involved in the trade-union movement, described as "the man who started the Gdańsk Shipyard strike".
Find out more about Man of Iron.
Jerzy Kawalerowicz - Mother Joan of the Angels
Released in 1960, this Kawalerowicz masterpiece won the Jury Prize at the Cannes International Film Festival in 1961. When a prioress, Mother Joan, and other nuns are possessed by demons in a monastery in east Poland in the18th century, the church authorities send Father Suryn to perform an exorcism.
Read more on Mother Joan of the Angels on Culture.pl
Jerzy Kawalerowicz - Night Train
The abstract, formally ambiguous Kawalerowicz film remains an exception to the palette Polish films drew on in the same period. Despite the lack of explicit reference to heavy historical and political context of the 1950s, Night Train manages to capture the essence of the termination of the Polish Spring, its accompanying disappointment and anxious atmosphere. Keywords - claustrophobia, paranoia, fear - are captured within a frantic Hitchcockian atmosphere that marks the collapse of society and individuals crushed by evil politics and war.
More on Night Train.
Jerzy Kawalerowicz - Pharaoh
The young pharaoh, Ramses XIII, intends to reform Egypt. Herhor the priest opposes him. The power struggle between them is the focus of the film. Other themes include the friendship with Pentuer the priest, the love for Sara the beautiful Jewess and Kama the priestess, the story of the secret pact with Assyria, the solar eclipse and how the priests used it to subdue the crowds, and the assassination of Ramses XIII at the hands of their look-alike. A historical fresco of universal meaning (adapted from the lauded novel by Bolesław Prus), revealing the mechanisms of power and the influence of religion on social life.
Find out more about the film.
Andrzej Wajda - The Promised Land
The Promised Land is an apex among Wajda's cinematic achievements. Set in Łódź at the end of the 19th century as the Polish textile industry flourishes, the director exposes through the story of three fledgling business people the inner emptiness accompanying their drive to make big money.
Read more about The Promised Land on Culture.pl
Wojciech Jerzy Has - The Saragossa Manuscript
For The Saragossa Manuscript, Has adapted Count Jan Potocki's astonishing frame-tale novel, set during Napoleon's invasion of Spain. Two soldiers discover a strange manuscript at an war-ravaged inn, which chronicles the adventures of Alphonse van Worden (Zbigniew Cybulski) of the Walloon Guards. Van Worden's crossing of the dangerous Sierra Morena mountains is repeatedly interrupted by seemingly random encounters with an assortment of larger-than-life figures (played with larger-than-life verve by the splendid cast). The film's comic digressions weave together fantastic tales of Moorish princesses, picaresque adventurers and the Spanish Inquisition.
Read more on The Saragossa Manuscript on Culture.pl
Krzysztof Kieslowski - A Short Film About Killing
The cinema version of the fifth installment of the Decalogue television series. A young man murders a taxi driver without any specific reason.  They are caught, tried and sentenced to death. Their execution is presented in extraordinary detail, a measure that was the filmmaker's protest against the death penalty.
Learn more about Kieślowski's film.
Andrzej Wajda - The Wedding
The 1973 film is an adaptation of the influential play by Stanisław Wyspiański. The cinematic tribute to traditional Polish weddings "replaces the long never-ending monologues […] with images" as Wajda said in an interview. Krzysztof T. Toeplitz wrote in 1973 in the magazine Miesięcznik Literacki that "The fabric of the drama is palpable and material. The wedding room in Wajda's film is cramped, stuffy and overcrowded, the hall is narrow, the yard is bleak and muddy, the host's unfinished canvases lie around discarded in the shed alongside farming equipment. And then this material reality suddenly breaks through the convention of the theatre: theatre cannot happen in such surroundings; life, that is, film can".
The Martin Scorsese list of 21 Masterpieces of Polish Cinema is complete with the addition of:
Check for a screening coming to a city near you: Martin Scorsese presents.
Author: MJ 14.10.2013
Sources: culture.pl, news.pl, wpolityce, The Guardian
Art via Shutterstock
More than 30,000 Anishinaabeg are suing Canada and Ontario for annuities payments that have stayed stagnant at $4 per year for nearly a century and a half.
The 21 First Nations communities involved in the landmark lawsuit are descendents of the signatories of the Robinson Huron Treaty. A win by the plaintiffs may directly impact how natural resources are shared in Ontario, and how other annuities cases are settled across Canada.
"People are very elated that we're finally taking the case to the courts...They're saying it's about time," plaintiff Mike Restoule, speaking from their home at Nipissing First Nation, Ontario, told VICE. "They're elated there's finally going to be some resolution to the dispute that's been going on for over 160 years."
While signatories and their descendents have petitioned the government since the treaty was signed in 1850, the effort to file a lawsuit began in 1992. "The difficulty was to unite the chiefs to bring forward a concerted effort to move the case into the courts," they say. After several failed attempts to negotiate with the government, the chiefs chose instead to borrow money and file a statement of claim, which they did in 2014.
The legal team poses with Canada's and Ontario's legal counsels and presiding judge, Justice Patricia Hennessy. | Image by Mike Restoule.
"There's a lot at stake here," says Restoule.
The Robinson Huron Treaty territory stretches over 43,253 square kilometres over the northern shores of Lake Huron, encompassing the cities of Sudbury, North Bay and Sault Ste. Marie. The area became coveted for its vast mineral deposits and timber in the 1840s as settlers expanded west.
Surveyors purchased licenses to mine the region in the 1840s, even though the land remained the sovereign territory of the Anishinaabeg who lived there. Tensions escalated, and following a violent clash between a group of Anishinaabeg and miners, the government of the time sent William Benjamin Robinson, a former fur trader and member of the colonial legislature, to negotiate a deal. Two treaties were signed by the summer of 1850: the Robinson Huron and Robinson Superior Treaties. The agreements were so successful they were used as templates for subsequent treaties, including all the numbered treaties that span as far west as BC and north to the Northwest Territories. This is why a lawsuit involving these treaties could have a broader impact.
The Robinson Huron deal included a promise by the Crown to protect the First Nations' hunting and fishing rights, and to pay each member of the community a sum of $2. In 1874, the government agreed to raise that payment to $4. The number has not budged since.
At the heart of the litigation is what's known as an "augmentation clause." The plaintiffs say this clause stipulates the Crown should increase the amount paid to the signatories and their descendents if revenue generated from the land increases.
According to Stats Canada, revenue from the forestry and logging industry exceeded $1 billion in 2015. Total revenue from goods manufactured surpassed $13 billion. The province earns money from these industries through royalties and licenses. How much money the province has made off the land since 1874 remains an open question, as does how much these First Nations are potentially owed in back pay.
"The number is probably pretty staggering. I've done some analysis on it but I wouldn't even want to hazard a guess," says Ron Maurice, a lawyer who specializes in specific land claims. In 2016, they helped Beardy's and Okemasis First Nation in Saskatchewan win an annuities lawsuit, and says that similar lawsuits are on their way.
"If we start from the idea that the expense is staggering, if not crippling in magnitude to negotiate for the past damages and losses, then I think it maybe puts the impetus on the government, now more than ever, to restructure our financial and political relationship," says Maurice. Currently, the Crown does not link annuities payments to money generated from resource development.
Peggy Smith, professor Emerita at the Faculty of Natural Resources Management at Lakehead University, says that revenue sharing models do exist in Canada. The Paix de Brave, for example, involves Quebec and the Grand Council of the Crees, and established that money made from mining, hydroelectricity and forestry on Cree territory should be shared with Indigenous communities. Smith says while Ontario has been talking about revenue sharing for more than ten years, it has been slow to make headway.
"If the court rules that these annuities payments were based on the principle of sharing land and resources and that they were in acknowledgement that the Crown was going to pay some kind of rent to Indigenous peoples for the use of the land, then that's going to push the whole discussion around revenue sharing forward," says Smith. "It might put some heat under provincial governments to resolve those issues."
The Ontario Ministry of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation and INAC were contacted but declined an interview for this story. Both stated they prefer negotiated outcomes to litigation.
"In essence it would correct a historic injustice that has been going on for so long," says Smith. "People in Indigenous communities in the rural north, they say over and over again, it's a terrible situation to be in, to be sitting on a reserve in the middle of a forest in poverty, with no employment and no access to resources, on our treaty land, and watch these trucks hauling logs through the reserve to go to a mill somewhere else and not being able to get any share of that benefit. I think it's long overdue to have this discussion."
Follow Sophie Woodrooffe on Twitter.
Accountants are skilled at making valuation decisions, not only for their organizations but also for their personal lives. However, there is one factor with career-spanning consequences that may not have been considered. Specifically, few may have actually computed the value of earning the CPA credential by considering the costs in time and money associated with acquiring and maintaining it versus the payoff in terms of salary enhancements over a typical career. CPAs in corporate accounting are largely convinced that the certification increases their earning potential, but by how much? And at what stage of one's career is there the most bang for the buck? Conversely, is it ever too late to benefit from becoming a CPA?
Knowing the net present value (NPV) of obtaining a CPA license is important for those who are considering sitting for the CPA exam and for those mentoring new hires in their companies. Knowing the career-span value of being a CPA can help a 22-year-old new hire make this important decision. It can also help established professionals who have already invested some years as an accountant determine whether they can improve their future earnings by spending the time and effort necessary to achieve it now.
A WORTHWHILE SACRIFICE?
Studying for and passing the CPA exam requires candidates to make difficult choices in terms of time and money. It involves trading short-term goals (enjoying free time, not spending money on review courses, etc.) for a long-term goal. Many demands compete for time and attention, and balancing them is never easy.
But if the unbiased numbers confirm the payoff of these sacrifices in clear, reasonably expected terms, would that help justify and support taking the more challenging path?
This analysis provides those reasonably expected numbers by showing the NPV of putting in the work and sacrifices required to earn the CPA credential, based on the lifetime wage premium (the CPA return on investment, or CPA ROI) enjoyed by those who passed and maintained the certification versus those who did not. Using publicly available data provided by staffing services firm Robert Half for CPA and non-CPA salaries, the consumer price index (CPI), and other relevant indicators, this article presents a stage-by-stage analysis of the net earnings advantage that can be achieved by becoming a CPA. This article and the accompanying charts provide a year-by-year analysis based on CPAs' earnings in small, medium, and large companies.
A LOOK AT THE NUMBERS
As would be hoped, these numbers are significant. The table "NPV of CPA Earnings Premium in Total and Per Study Hour for Ages 22—59 (Small Companies)" provides the present value (PV) and NPV of the CPA premium for professionals ages 22 through 59 who work in small companies. (Tables that illustrate the PV and NPV of the CPA premium for professionals ages 22 through 59 who work for medium-size and large companies are available here (for medium-size) and here (for large companies).)
The chart, "Assumptions for Lifetime NPV of Passing the CPA Exam," provides the detailed assumptions that form the basis for the analysis. As the chart notes, this is a conservative NPV because it assumes each individual pays their or their own expenses. However, many CPA candidates may be fortunate enough to have an employer cover all or part of the expenses. In those cases, the NPV will be higher, increased by the amount of the expenses the employer pays.
For example, as seen in column 2 of "NPV of CPA Earnings Premium in Total and Per Study Hour for Ages 22—59 (Small Companies)," a 22-year-old working in a small company will have earned $220,242 more than their or their non-CPA counterpart if they both worked until age 65. While these numbers are encouraging, the PV of earnings does not tell the whole story—the analysis can't stop there. It is necessary to include not only the lifetime earnings benefits of passing the CPA exam but also the associated costs of time and money required to prepare for and take the CPA exam, as well as the cost to maintain certification throughout one's career.
Therefore, although the same 22-year-old will have to spend $14,751 (column 3) to prepare for and take the CPA exam and will also incur a lifetime cost of $76,042 (column 4) to maintain certification, they or they will still have netted a premium of $129,449 (column 6). So did that initial investment of 400 hours of study and preparation pay off? As column 7 shows, each hour of study paid off to the tune of an additional $324, far more than what would be earned in many other activities that might occupy a young accountant's time.
Is this a beneficial outcome only for professionals just starting their careers? Although younger accountants, who earn less per hour, are giving up relatively less in hourly wages when they put in those 400 hours of study time, those further along in their career paths with higher hourly wages can still benefit from the CPA earnings premium. As shown in the table, a 38-year-old can enjoy a lifetime earnings CPA premium of $231,630, with an NPV of $152,812. Their or their initial investment of 400 hours of study and preparation provides a return of $382 per hour, further solidifying the payoff of their or their endeavors.
NPV increases as salaries typically rise steadily through age 39. The cresting of the NPV at age 39 is a reflection of an individual's promotion from manager to assistant controller with its associated increase in salary, thereby spiking the CPA premium. Although it may appear that delaying passing the exam until age 39 is a rational decision to maximize the CPA ROI, the reality is that delaying also means that increased work and personal responsibilities may dilute the time available for studying. In addition, although difficult to measure but widely understood, the lack of CPA credentials during the early years can result in missed or delayed promotion opportunities.
In both the case of the 22-year-old and the 38-year-old, these metrics are based on continuing to work for the same size organization throughout one's career and achieving the controllership position but no higher. However, as experience shows, earning the CPA credential opens many doors for additional career paths, so those who begin with a small company and move on to a medium or large company will earn even larger premiums.
The CPA ROI is significantly larger for those working in medium and large companies, for two reasons. First and foremost, the PV for medium and larger companies isn't just proportionally higher—it's almost 100% higher from small-to-medium companies and almost 125% higher from medium-to-larger companies. The second reason is that some medium and many large companies may be more likely to cover some of or all the costs of attaining and maintaining the certification.
A VALUABLE OPPORTUNITY
What 22-year-old, noncertified accounting major in an entry-level position and unencumbered by other duties or circumstances would turn down an offer of $324 for an hour of overtime? Furthermore, suppose this offer is extended for two overtime hours each of the five weekdays and 10 hours on Saturday for a full 20 weeks. A 22-year-old who is not currently studying for the CPA exam is turning down that offer. Since a professional accountant is presumably a rational person, their or their next move should be to make the rational decision. That would be to visit thiswaytocpa.com/exam-licensure/state-requirements to acquire their or their home state CPA exam requirements or call the AICPA at 800-CPA-EXAM to start the process of becoming a candidate for the next CPA exam.
Finally, this can be viewed from another perspective. Suppose the noncertified accountant is not motivated by mere money but is more interested in quality time. That is also a rational goal that can be attained by becoming a CPA. The CPA ROI shows that using an entry rate of $23.94 per hour (based on a Robert Half Salary Survey for 2014) requires working an additional 2.7 years to earn the $129,449 salary gap. The computation is straightforward: $129,449 ÷ $23.94 per hour = 5,407 hours or 2.7 years (5,407 ÷ 2,000 hours). Therefore, every hour invested in studying earns 13.5 hours of future salary; i.e., an accountant can choose to study for one hour or work an additional 13.5 hours. Thus, increased quality time is actually the result of successfully passing the CPA exam.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela will reduce power generation if the key Guri dam, which supplies around half of the blackout-hit country's electricity, falls below a minimum level that is fast approaching, an official said on Friday.
Miguel Angel Romero, head of generation at state-run energy firm Corpoelec speaks during an interview with Reuters in Caracas April 1, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A severe drought, coupled with what critics say is a lack of investment and maintenance in energy infrastructure, has hit the South American nation which depends on hydropower for 60 percent of its electricity generation.
The massive Guri dam in Venezuela's central jungle is now at just 244 meters - its lowest level ever and just 4 meters from a critical point where water cannot feed its turbines.
“Without a doubt if the level reaches 240 meters we will have to apply certain operative measures, which authorities will announce in due time,” Miguel Angel Romero, the head of generation at state-run energy firm Corpoelec, told Reuters in an interview.
Romero did not provide specifics but said potential measures would include rotating electricity rationing to minimize the impact on the population, hospitals and food makers while the El Niño-induced drought lasts.
Frequent blackouts, especially outside the capital Caracas, are already driving voter ire against President Nicolas Maduro and further complicating business in the crisis-hit OPEC country.
Venezuela's opposition says the leftist government is using the drought as an excuse for decades of corruption and mismanagement in the energy sector.
Romero, an engineer who said they spent the night in a monitoring room analyzing Guri's levels, said a nationwide blackout was not in the cards and called on Venezuelans to see rationing as crucial to avoiding “more complex” situations.
Current generation levels still cover Venezuela's energy requirements, which hover between 15,000-16,000 megawatts at peak demand, they said.
But despite multibillion-dollar investment in thermoelectric plants under the late President Hugo Chavez as of 2010, the units are operating at only 50 to 60 percent of their capacity to produce roughly 6,500 megawatts, according to Romero.
Romero said the government is working on increasing thermo generation to more than 7,000 megawatts in the coming weeks as lack of rain persists.
The El Niño weather phenomenon has led to drought in several Andean countries. Neighboring Colombia is mulling energy rationing amid the drought, its president said this week.
Khaled al-Attiyah, Qatari Foreign Affairs Minister, attends a meeting of Arab foreign ministers in Sharm el Sheik, South Sinai, Egypt, Thursday, March 26, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Hartwell/Pool/Files
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Qatari Foreign Minister Khaled al-Attiyah said on Friday they opposed the creation of lists of opposition before peace talks on Syria.
“We are against the absolute classification of groups. What is more important is to understand the logic behind why these groups took up arms, their aims and motives,” they told reporters at a news conference with their Russian counterpart in Moscow.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it was crucial to ensure that the widest circle of opposition members take part in future talks to end Syria's civil war.
As with the question of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's fate, diplomats say it will be extremely hard to reach consensus on a list of rebel groups to be excluded and legitimate members of an opposition who would participate in the negotiations.
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem said on Thursday during a visit to Beijing that Damascus was ready to take part in peace talks in Geneva and hoped that the dialogue would help it form a national unity government.
The U.N. Security Council on Dec. 18 unanimously approved a resolution endorsing an international road map for a Syrian peace process, a rare show of consensus among major powers on a conflict that has claimed over a quarter of a million lives.
Penn State says it doesn't have records from 40 years ago to help evaluate a claim that former football coach Joe Paterno was told by a boy in 1976 that assistant coach Jerry Sandusky molested him.
In a statement issued Friday, Penn State said a claim attributed to an insurance company in a coverage dispute with the university amounts to allegations that aren't established facts.
Editor's Picks Report: Paterno allegedly told of sex abuse in '76 A judge says insurers in litigation with Penn State claim a boy told coach Joe Paterno in 1976 that they had been molested by Jerry Sandusky, according to a Pennlive.com report.
"The university has no records from the time to help evaluate the claims," the statement said. "More importantly, Coach Paterno is not here to defend himself. Penn State does not intend to comment further, out of concern for privacy, and due to the strict confidentiality commitments that govern our various settlement agreements."
Paterno died in 2012.
Penn State's insurer claims there is evidence of several early acts of molestation by Sandusky, and not just the one by a boy who allegedly went to Paterno with their report in the 1970s, according to the ruling by Philadelphia Judge Gary Glazer. Glazer said the events are described "in a number of the victims' depositions.''
Glazer's ruling this week also says the Pennsylvania Manufacturers' Association Insurance Co. claims there's evidence one assistant coach saw "inappropriate contact" between Sandusky and a child at the university in 1987 and a second assistant "reportedly witnessed sexual contact" between Sandusky and a child one year later.
Details of the testimony remain hidden inside a sealed deposition in Penn State's court fight with the insurance company. They became publicized in a Pennlive.com report Thursday.
Paterno family members immediately dismissed the accusation, and even an attorney for victims of Sandusky cautioned that they did not know of irrefutable evidence supporting the claim.
Sue Paterno defended their husband's legacy and said the family had no knowledge of new claims.
"It is time to end this endless process of character assassination by accusation," they said in a letter read Friday to Penn State's board of trustees. They asked board members to seek the truth "in the spirit of our love for Penn State and our duty to the victims."
Sandusky's lawyer said they talked to them about the reports and that they deny those incidents occurred.
Sandusky is serving a lengthy prison sentence for their conviction in the sexual abuse of 10 children. The university has also paid out more than $90 million to settle 32 civil claims involving Sandusky. How far back in time all the acts occurred has not been made public.
Paterno was not charged with any crime, and their family is pursuing a lawsuit against the NCAA for commercial disparagement.
Three university officials await trial on criminal charges for their handling of the Sandusky scandal.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
News of high-profile funding rounds for Bitcoin startups has come thick and fast this year, but the true extent of investment in space may take you by surprise.
As these graphics from cbinsights.com show, total investment for Q2 2014 at US$76.8million almost outstrips the investment figure for the entire year 2013 (US$84.3million).
The climb is attributed to those startups which have rapidly risen to become household name in the industry following high-profile backing. BitPay's US$30million series A funding by investors including Sir Richard Branson joins BitFury Group (US$20million) in providing the backbone of the figures. BitGo, the payment merchant whose services have resulted in major gains for altcoins this quarter, received US$12million.
“…the fact that smart money is continuing to invest in the space is also likely helping legitimize and provide confidence to new investors,” CB Insights notes.
This “smart money” is in no short supply with the number of investors almost doubling within the previous two quarters (CB tracked 87 at the end of Q4 2013, and 138 at the end of Q2 2014).
It would thus seem that as the season has progressed, the initial predictions made by CoinDesk's survey in June appear to be coming true, with the similarities to Internet startup VC investment in 1995 becoming ever-more conspicuous. In that year, first sequence venture deals figures totaled US$250.1million, while as of June 14, 2014 Bitcoin had attracted US$250.48million.
“Bitcoin is a huge, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. It can go either way, but if it does work out, the implications will be massive,” Rublon creator Michal Wendrowski told Cointelegraph in light of the figures.
- Michal Wendrowski
However, some are critical of the flood of investment into the space, attributing it more to the circumstantial health of the global economy with less foresight than there should perhaps have been.
“In my opinion the current bitcoin VC is a bubble caused by artificially low interest rates,” Martin Albert commented. “Also, most of the VC is invested into the dead ends of the technology (bank like exchanges, ATMs, mining, payment providers....) that do not help at all to establish bitcoin as independent currency.”
Nonetheless, Bitcoin has quite some momentum behind it, and it is difficult to dismiss the confidence of so many, especially those who have shored up the presence of alternative currencies, specifically Litecoin and Dogecoin.
What do you think is driving investment enthusiasm in 2014? Get involved and leave your comment below.
Buy Photo Argus 911 tile (Photo: Argus Leader)Buy Photo
A Sioux Falls woman was surprised to hear a knock on their door Monday night after they had shut off their light to trick-or-treaters.
When the knocking continued at around 9 p.m., they decided to open the door, police spokesperson Sam Clemens said.
A man wearing a sweatshirt and a bandana covering their face was on their doorstep. They were holding a gun, Clemens said, and they asked them for marijuana.
The woman told police they said they didn't have any marijuana, and the man left. On Tuesday afternoon they reported the incident in the 6400 block of West Grove Place.
The man has not been caught, and no further description was available, Clemens said. They did not know why the woman waited until Tuesday to report the incident.
MORE ARGUS911 NEWS: Bank robbed in western Sioux Falls
Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/2feGy05
The legendary Spa-Francorchamps circuit is studying the possibility of a return to the MotoGP calendar.
Spa hosted the Belgian motorcycle grand prix from 1949 to 1990 and new circuit director Nathalie Maillet revealed preliminary talks have taken place over a future event for the modern MotoGP four-strokes.
"I want to get some big events like MotoGP. I recently spent a day in Madrid to discuss with the MotoGP organisers [Dorna]," Maillet told DH.be . "Bradley Smith rode a 500cc bike last summer at Spa.
"I am going to study the amenities needed to welcome back bikes - organising both Formula 1 and MotoGP - more deeply this year. Notably the level of profitability and economic return for the region.
"It [MotoGP] would not be until 2020. I am aiming for the long term."
Former grand prix racer Didier De Radigues, who won their home 250cc round at Spa in 1990, added:
"If the project succeeds, it would be just fantastic! The Spa layout contrasts with the other sanitised circuits of today, most of which are created by the same designers.
"For a motorcycle rider, Spa is one of the circuits which gives the most pleasure. It would quickly forge a special place in the calendar and become as mythical as for Formula 1.
"On the straight following Raidillon the riders would probably reach a maximum speed approaching 350km/h, as at Mugello or Sepang for example, but it is the long fast corners that would make Spa so special."
But they also warned: "2020 seems to me very optimistic..."
WASHINGTON, Feb 5 (Reuters) - Barack Obama might seem an unlikely investor in the firearms industry. But the U.S. president, a fierce advocate for gun regulation, has money in a pension fund that holds stock in gun and ammunition companies.
Although Obama's stake is minuscule, worth no more than $30, it reflects a much larger surge of investment.
The president is among millions of Americans buying into gun companies - often unwittingly - as mutual funds have increased such holdings to record levels, according to a Reuters analysis of institutional investment in firearms companies.
SEE MORE: One terror group is deadlier than ISIS, but nobody cares
Since Obama was elected in 2009, mutual funds have raised their stakes to about $510 million from $30 million in the nation's two largest gun manufacturers with publicly traded shares, Smith & Wesson Corp and Sturm, Ruger & Co . That means such stocks are now common in retirement and college savings plans.
The influx has helped to boost both companies' shares by more than 750 percent during the Obama presidency; each now has a market value of about $1 billion.
See the big reactions to Obama's latest proposals:
12 PHOTOS Social reactions to Obama gun control speech See Gallery Obama and other gun control advocates own stock in firearms makers Thank you, @POTUS, for taking a crucial step forward on gun violence. Our next president has to build on that progress—not rip it away. -H This is a dangerous level of executive overreach, & the country will not stand for it. https://t.co/YgNrG94tjg https://t.co/eMCSSSp3Rh Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders on President Obama's executive actions @NBCDFW https://t.co/mGllswtasI Statement from @RepKayGranger on President Obama's actions on gun control @NBCDFW https://t.co/mVTMgwmNCE Barack Obama begins crying during WhiteHouse talk referring to the 20 slaughtered 1st graders in Newtown. The tears started & wouldn't stop. I don't care who you are, where you're from, what you did, as long as you agree 1000% to Obama's brilliant and passionate gun control speech Whether you agree with their policy or not you can't deny Obama has sincere compassion. Congress should take note and learn compassion I am proud every day working for President Obama, but especially today #StopGunViolence Tears or not, Obama's gun law has zero chance of passing. This is gonna keep happening. Wonder if that's part of their frustration/fury. Wonder if Republicans will greet President Obama's executive orders on guns with #thoughtsandprayers So Obama just blamed variously the NRA, the voters, Congress, and the Constitution for gun violence. Funny, never criminals or terrorists. Cruz: "This exec. orders are not worth the paper they're printed on bc when you live by the pen, you die by the pen & my pen has an eraser" Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Beyond mutual funds, such investments also are held in the portfolios of hedge funds and public pension plans, which are harder to track.
The White House declined to comment on Obama's holdings in the Illinois General Assembly's pension plan, which they earned while serving in that state's senate. The president has disclosed between $50,000 and $100,000 in the plan.
Other indirect investors in firearms companies include advocates for gun regulation in the U.S. Congress and several parents of children who attended Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut - site of the 2012 massacre of 20 students and six staff members.
SEE ALSO: Obama to seek new tax on oil in budget proposal
Fund managers are drawn to the stocks by surging sales. Buyers are arming themselves, analysts said, in response to mass shootings and calls for tougher gun laws.
By the end of 2015, more than 150 mutual funds owned Smith & Wesson shares, up from 53 at the end of 2008, and nearly 130 held stock in Ruger, up from 52, according to data from Morningstar Inc.
It would have taken investors "minimal due diligence" to see massive profit potential in Ruger stock when Obama was first elected, said Ruger Chief Executive Mike Fifer. Shares hit a low of $4.50 the Friday after that Tuesday election; the stock was changing hands today at $61.61.
The New York Democrat could not be reached for comment.
As a federal retirement benefit, members of the U.S. Congress can participate in a Thrift Savings Plan, which offers an investment option - the S Fund - that holds stock in firearms companies.
Financial disclosures show that S Fund investors include Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, the second-ranking Senate Democrat and a leading advocate for stricter background checks for gun buyers. Durbin disclosed an S Fund investment of about $115,000.
Durbin's office declined to comment.
Some members of Congress welcome the investment option.
"I'm just grateful the fund managers are investing in something that's making money," said Representative Kevin Cramer, a North Dakota Republican who opposes gun restrictions and has a small investment in the S fund.
'GOOD FOR BUSINESS'
For all the debate, Obama has made no progress in passing tougher gun laws. Measures such as universal background checks have withered in Congress, where the number of anti-gun control Republicans has grown.
Calls for tighter controls have been met with bursts of gun sales, according to U.S. background-check data on gun purchasers. Gun store owners attribute the extra sales to consumers who fear the president will make it harder to buy arms.
"Let's just say he's been good for business," Jack Lesher, manager of Chuck's Firearms in Atlanta, said of Obama.
Gun sales jumped again recently after the president blasted congressional inaction on gun control and vowed to use executive powers to expand background checks for buyers and bolster licensing requirements for dealers. Their announcement followed yet another mass shooting, on Dec. 2 in San Bernardino, California, where a couple pledging allegiance to Islamic State killed 14 people.
SEE MORE: 1 dead, 1 injured after wanted couple engages in shootout with police
For the week that ended Dec. 20, firearms background checks - a proxy for guns sales - totaled 839,109, the second-highest week since 1998. Only the week after the Sandy Hook shootings was higher, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Vista's main factories have churned out bullets 24 hours, seven days a week for at least two years, Vista Chief Financial Officer Stephen Nolan told investors in November.
Now the industry is ready for an election-year surge.
"The politics of gun control could stay in the headlines, which we believe could lead to a record year," wrote Chris Krueger, senior research analyst at Lake Street Capital Markets, in a note to investors in January.
Ruger is boosting inventories to prepare, after learning a costly lesson going into the last presidential election. Demand peaked that year, based on the number of FBI background checks sought for new gun purchases. The surge followed Obama's re-election and the Sandy Hook shooting.
"When we went into late 2011, we got cleaned out of inventory  even though we increased production dramatically," company CEO Fifer told investors during a November conference call.
The company, they said, "probably left money on the table."
(Additional reporting by Jeff Mason in Washington. Editing by Jason Szep and Brian Thevenot)
Artist's rendering of Zimmerman's brain.
Zsolt Biczo/Shutterstock
America's least favorite person is back to doing what they do. From WKMG in Orlando:
George Zimmerman threatened to kill a driver during a road rage incident in Lake Mary and later showed up at the man's workplace, according to police.
The road rage incident happened Tuesday, Lake Mary police told Local 6, but the other driver declined to press charges, so Zimmerman was not arrested.
In 2005, Zimmerman was arrested after an altercation with a police officer and entered an alcohol education program. That same year their ex-fiancée filed a restraining order against him. In 2012, they shot Trayvon Martin to death. In September 2013, police were called to a home they were in during a domestic dispute. In November 2013, they were arrested on different domestic abuse charges, which were later dropped.
George Zimmerman should be shot into space.
Implementing a custom Akka Streams graph stage
This article was originally posted at Jacek's blog.
Background
Akka Streams offers a number of predefined building blocks for your graphs (i.e. processing pipelines). Should you need a non-standard solution, there's an API to help you write the custom part of the graph. In this post I'm going to walk you through implementing your own graph stage.
Recap: Akka Streams concepts
Since the stream processing terminology heavily depends on the library/toolkit you are using, here is a quick reminder of what things are called in the Akka Streams world: the producer is called a Source , the consumer - a Sink and the processing stages are Flow s. Each of those is a specialized graph stage whose type is determined by the number of inputs and outputs - a Source has no inputs and a single output, a Sink has a single input and no outputs, a Flow has a single input and a single output.
In terms of the types, each part of the graph is a GraphStage with a given Shape - with the most basic shapes being: SourceShape , FlowShape and SinkShape . There are also other more complex Shape s available, used for modelling such concepts as broadcasting or merging elements of the stream, but those are out of the scope of this post.
The use case
Let's say that having a stream of elements of type E you want to observe their arbitrary property of type P , accumulate the elements as long as the property remains unchanged and only emit an immutable.Seq[E] of accumulated elements when the property changes. In a real-life example the elements can be e.g. lines in a CSV file which you would like to group by a given field.
Anatomy of a custom graph stage
A custom graph stage is nothing more than an implementation of:
abstract class GraphStage [ S <: Shape ]
In our example the stage is going to have a single input and a single output, which makes it a Flow whose shape is:
FlowShape[E, immutable.Seq[E]]
The definition of the stage thus becomes:
final class AccumulateWhileUnchanged [ E ] extends GraphStage [ FlowShape [ E , immutable . Seq [ E ]]] { }
Now you just need to implement two methods
def shape: FlowShape - to provide a concrete shape
- to provide a concrete shape def createLogic(attributes: Attributes): GraphStageLogic - to provide your custom logic of the stage
Let's now dig into the details of those two methods.
Implementing a custom graph stage
Providing a custom FlowShape
A FlowShape simply consists of an Inlet and an Outlet , i.e. the ports of the stage. To define a port, you need to provide its name and data type. After defining the ports, the stage implementation becomes:
final class AccumulateWhileUnchanged [ E ] extends GraphStage [ FlowShape [ E , immutable. Seq [ E ]]] { val in = Inlet [ E ]( "AccumulateWhileUnchanged.in" ) val out = Outlet [immutable. Seq [ E ]]( "AccumulateWhileUnchanged.out" ) override def shape = FlowShape (in, out) }
Providing a custom GraphStageLogic
Since the GraphStage s are meant to be reusable, it is crucial to keep them immutable, i.e. not to put any mutable state inside them. On the other hand, however, the stage we are implementing here is definitely stateful - its state consists of the accumulated elements. Here is where the GraphStageLogic comes to the rescue - since a new instance of it is created for every materialization of the flow, it is the one and only place to keep the mutable state in.
Within the GraphStageLogic , apart from keeping the mutable state, you may also define handlers for the onPush() and onPull() events. The onPush() event occurs when a new element from the upstream is available and can be acquired using grab() . The onPull() , on the other hand, occurs when the downstream is ready to accept a new element which can be sent with push() .
So here is what a draft implementation of the GraphStageLogic with the handlers is going to look like:
override def createLogic (attributes: Attributes ) = new GraphStageLogic (shape) { setHandlers(in, out, new InHandler with OutHandler { override def onPush (): Unit = { } override def onPull (): Unit = { } }) }
To implement the actual accumulating logic, you need to:
know how to extract the observed property of the incoming elements,
keep track of the incoming elements in some kind of buffer.
Extracting the observed property
The easiest way to know which property to observe is to have the user provide a function which extracts this property - so you need to adjust the stage definition a bit:
final class AccumulateWhileUnchanged [ E , P ]( propertyExtractor: E => P ) extends GraphStage [ FlowShape [ E , immutable. Seq [ E ]]] {
Keeping track of the incoming elements
The internal state of your stage logic will consist of:
an Option[P] to keep the current value of the observed property (empty until the first element arrives),
to keep the current value of the observed property (empty until the first element arrives), a Vector[E] to accumulate the elements (cleared when the observed property changes).
When the next input element arrives (in onPush() ), you want to extract its property and check if it differs from the current value. If there is no current value yet or the values are equal, you add the element to the buffer and pull() the input, otherwise you push() the buffer contents downstream and clear the buffer. When the downstream requests a new sequence of elements with onPull() , you just need to pull() the input in order to indicate, that the stage is ready to accept a new incoming element.
An additional case that you need to handle is when the upstream has completed (i.e. no more input elements are going to arrive or there was an error in the upstream) - then you need to push the last elements from the buffer (unless it is empty) and complete the stage afterwards. Moreover, to be nice to memory and the GC, you may wish to clear the buffer after the stage is complete.
The full implementation of the above concepts is going to be something like:
final class AccumulateWhileUnchanged [ E , P ]( propertyExtractor: E => P ) extends GraphStage [ FlowShape [ E , immutable. Seq [ E ]]] { val in = Inlet [ E ]( "AccumulateWhileUnchanged.in" ) val out = Outlet [immutable. Seq [ E ]]( "AccumulateWhileUnchanged.out" ) override def shape = FlowShape .of(in, out) override def createLogic (attributes: Attributes ) = new GraphStageLogic (shape) { private var currentState: Option [ P ] = None private val buffer = Vector .newBuilder[ E ] setHandlers(in, out, new InHandler with OutHandler { override def onPush (): Unit = { val nextElement = grab(in) val nextState = propertyExtractor(nextElement) if (currentState.isEmpty || currentState.contains(nextState)) { buffer += nextElement pull(in) } else { val result = buffer.result() buffer.clear() buffer += nextElement push(out, result) } currentState = Some (nextState) } override def onPull (): Unit = { pull(in) } override def onUpstreamFinish (): Unit = { val result = buffer.result() if (result.nonEmpty) { emit(out, result) } completeStage() } }) override def postStop (): Unit = { buffer.clear() } } }
If you are wondering why emit() is used instead of push() in onUsptreamFinish() (line 40), the answer is - because it is not possible to push a port which has not been pulled. Once the upstream is finished, the buffer may still contain the final group of accumulated elements - but chances are that the output port has not been pulled after the previous group was pushed. You want, however, to send the final group anyway - that is where emit() comes to the rescue - when it detects that the output port is not available (i.e. cannot be pushed), it replaces the OutHandler with a temporary one and only then does it execute the actual push() .
Now you are ready to use the custom stage in your application with .via(new AccumulateWhileUnchanged(...)) . For example, having a simple domain like:
case class Element ( id: Int , value: Int ) object SampleElements { val E11 = Element ( 1 , 1 ) val E21 = Element ( 2 , 1 ) val E31 = Element ( 3 , 1 ) val E42 = Element ( 4 , 2 ) val E52 = Element ( 5 , 2 ) val E63 = Element ( 6 , 3 ) val Ones = immutable. Seq ( E11 , E21 , E31 ) val Twos = immutable. Seq ( E42 , E52 ) val Threes = immutable. Seq ( E63 ) val All = Ones ++ Twos ++ Threes }
when you run:
Source(SampleElements.All) .via( new AccumulateWhileUnchanged(_.value)) .runWith(Sink.foreach( println ))
the output will be:
Vector(Element(1,1), Element(2,1), Element(3,1)) Vector(Element(4,2), Element(5,2)) Vector(Element(6,3))
Testing
There are a number of useful utilities to help you test your custom graph stages. With the help of those and using the SampleElements helper defined above, a sample test case for the above stage looks like:
"AccumulateWhileUnchanged" should { "emit accumulated elements when the given property changes" in { val (_, sink) = Source ( SampleElements . All ) .via( AccumulateWhileUnchanged (_.value)) .toMat( TestSink .probe)( Keep .both) .run() sink.request( 42 ) sink.expectNext( SampleElements . Ones , SampleElements . Twos , SampleElements . Threes ) sink.expectComplete() } }
The TestSink.probe (line 6) creates an instance of akka.stream.testkit.TestSubscriber.Probe , which offers methods such as expectNext() or expectComplete() (lines 10-11) to verify whether the stage behaves correctly.
Summary
After diligently going through this post, you should understand how the GraphStage API is designed and how to use it to implement your own graph stage.
For even more details, please refer to the Custom stream processing section of the Akka Streams documentation.
The first step was to frame the chamber, naturally I started with the base (ground up, right?).﻿
﻿The foam insulation makes a mess when dug out, FYI.
I have brewed a few beers since my last post which was about 4 months ago, an Apfelwein (not really a beer, but a brew nontehless), a Cascadian Dark Ale (Black IPA), a Rye Pale Ale, and I have a Strawberry Blonde that I added 12 pounds of crushed strawberries to about a week ago.Needless to say I have been busy!Living in Arizona makes it difficult to brew quality beer without some type of fermentation control. Previously I was using the "swamp cooler" method in which I had room for two fermenters in a 70 quart Coleman Xtreme chest cooler filled with water, and I was swapping ice bottles out multiple times a day.With a donated fridge, and a little work I finally put together a fermentation chamber that will hold 3 fermenters, pales, or carboys, or 2 fermenters with 2 corny kegs.So on with the show:This is what the fridge looked like before. An older model Sanyo that was an R-12, opposed to an R-134 refrigerant.I removed the door, the door hinges, the feet, and the plastic top (no images) and all other hardware from the topof the unit.The power cord was in bad shape, and I neded to replace it.Starting the skeleton, forgive the cloth diapers drying in the background ;P.After I finished framig the walls, I mocked it up to make sure the fridge would fit, needless to say the fridge was not squareAfter the frame was all finished up, it was time to add the insulation. I used R-max 1.5" Polyiso insulation, it has the highest rating of the sheathing insulation that I could find, with a R rating of 9.5 (that's good!). As you can see I used bucket lids to ensure I could get three fermenters inside.Side view with some insulation.A view from the back. Nice thing about this older style fridge is that the cooling coils are all on the rear, outside of the unit, so it doesn't matter if I were cover the entire fridge. The reason the back half of the fridge sticks out of the frame is because there is a ledge on the underside for the compressor mount, and the compressor mount itself is offset which would have made it un-level.Top view; I built the chamber with a little extra room to spare. I wanted the footprint to be as small as I could get it, but didn't want things so tight that it would become problematic to fit fermenters comfortably.This is a semi-complete shot, I have the lid finished, still needs some temp control though.Hinged, and a nice tight fit.After all the inner-insulation was installed, all the seams were caulked with silicone sealant, and foil-taped.I added a piece of scrap vinyl flooring I had lying around. It serves two purposes:1. The polyiso insulation's foil skin tears and punctures easily, so the viny will keep the floor from being damaged by the fermenters.2. In the event of a spill or an active fermentation that blows-off and makes a mess, clean up will be less difficult.Time for some temperature control. I like the Love TS-2 temperature controller made by Dwyer Instruments (the same type I have installed on my kegerator). I like the blue LED that they are available in. The installation cut is 29mm x 71mm. My freebie wireless Dremel made easy work of the fridge's metal.I unfortunately didn't take the opportunity to photograph the actual wiring of the controller. I wanted to get this project done since it was taking longer than anticipated. With school, and my one year old son, time is not something I have an abundance of right now.However, a fellow Home Brew Talk member (Claudius B), helped me out with a wiring schematic, very precise. Thanks Claudius!Controller installed, outer insulation installed, and all insulation seams foil-taped.The finished product came out quite nice with the insulation between the 2x4's on the outside, everything came out flush.Temperature probe is approximately 5' long, and will be long enough for my needs.I have been contemplating covering the outside with some very thin paneling or whiteboard, or chalkboard, possibly even a vinyl wrap, just to make it look a little nicer since it is inside our bedroom. Luckily this fridge is really quiet, and the TS-2 relay click isn't obnoxious either.The chamber holds temps really well, I do need to add a fan inside, some weather stripping around the lid, and I did not know exactly where my wife was going to allow me to put the fermentation chamber inside the house, so I need to turn the lid around since it opens away from the wall, so after I get those three little things done, I will update this post to be thorough.Regardless, I can't wait to get some full fermenters in it to see exactly how it performs. Next brew day, whenever that is, will be a 10 gallon brew day which will allow me to get 2 full fermenters in the chamber.Stay tuned for an update!
Russell Westbrook has a style all of their own. Now, they are writing a book to give the world a glimpse into their creative mind.
Russell Westbrook: Style Drivers is selling for $55 and will be available Sept. 5. According to the website of the book's publisher Rizzoli, "This book is a collection of stylish and inspiring images and text that provide a rare glimpse into Westbrook's world, revealing how they use style as a psychological weapon on and off the court and how they have redefined the role of a contemporary athlete turned cultural figure."
I'm not quite sure how The Brodie's style is a "psychological weapon," but since they just averaged a triple-double for an entire season, I'm going to take their word for it.
Earlier this summer, the 2016-17 NBA MVP was named Sports Illustrated's most fashionable athlete of the year.
Is The New York Times Best Sellers List the next honor awaiting Russ?
CLEVELAND ― Guns are everywhere at the Republican National Convention.
You can hardly walk more than 20 feet in downtown Cleveland without encountering some kind of firearm. Law enforcement, fearing mass violence and rioting, has turned the city into a secure area resembling Baghdad's “Green Zone.” Large barricades line city blocks for nearly 2 square miles. Heavily armed police units, brought in from as far as California, patrol the streets in groups as large as two dozen, a show of force meant to intimidate would-be troublemakers. Open carry advocates proudly display their firearms in holsters or on straps across their backs. Signs in windows and doors of hotels, restaurants and bars prohibit patrons from carrying guns inside.
Yet the conversation about gun violence in and around Quicken Loans Arena, the site of the GOP convention, has been largely nonexistent ― even on the first night, when the event's theme was “Make America Safe Again.”
Adrees Latif / Reuters Heavy police presence in downtown Cleveland.
The silence on gun violence is especially striking in light of recent shootings across the country, including those involving police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The most visible recognition of such events came in the form of spontaneous applause honoring patrolling police officers.
That's not to say guns didn't come up at all. The GOP actually strengthened its opposition to gun control this week. Delegates added language to their party platform opposing restrictions on magazine capacity and AR-15 rifles, the most popular type of rifle among gun owners and the weapon of choice in several mass shootings ― including those in Newtown, Connecticut; Aurora, Colorado; San Bernardino, California; and at Umpqua Community College in Oregon. A gunman used a similar type of rifle, an SIG Sauer, to kill 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, last month.
While crafting the platform, one delegate absurdly blamed marijuana for mass shootings. Language was added to the document to recognize that “every human life matters” ― a rebuttal to the Black Lives Matter movement, which campaigns against violence toward black people.
Guns are prohibited inside the arena. Still, police have worried that Ohio's open carry law, which allows people to carry unconcealed firearms in public without a permit or safety training, could lead to violence between protesters and gun-carrying activists in the designated “protest zone.” (Visitors are allowed to take guns into that space, but are prohibited from bringing in various other items like slingshots, sledgehammers, rockets and even tennis balls.)
But Jesse Gonzales, a 26-year-old from Lakewood, Ohio, felt at ease. Standing in a public square a few blocks from the arena, they proudly had an American-made AK-47 strapped to their back to increase awareness about guns.
“The only thing that people ever see about firearms is what they see on the television, and that's not an accurate depiction of what gun owners are or what they do,” they said.
HuffPost Open carry advocate Jesse Gonzales.
Forty-five states, including Ohio, allow some form of open carry.
Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said gun control advocates were focused on lobbying retailers in open carry states to prohibit guns on their premises. Twelve major retailers, including Target, Starbucks, Chipotle and Trader Joe's, have done so already.
“There's absolutely no way to tell who's the good guy and who's the bad guy,” Watts told The Huffington Post, describing the added difficulties of policing in open carry states.
Broader efforts to toughen gun laws once again failed to gain traction in Congress this year, despite Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) filibustering on the subject for 15 hours and dozens of Democrats staging a sit-in protest on the floor of the House of Representatives. Bills aimed at preventing terrorists from buying guns and closing background-check loopholes also stalled in the Republican-controlled Senate.
Mike Segar / Reuters Monday's convention theme, "Make America Safe Again," emphasized national security.
In the convention halls this week, over a dozen delegates who spoke to HuffPost voiced their opposition to Congress taking action on guns. They cited their Second Amendment rights under the U.S. Constitution, adding that state governments ought to handle the matter.
“I think the place to do that is locally, rather than try to do something that fits everywhere,” said Paul Deyoung of Michigan. “Because we know that every geographical area is going to be different.”
Some delegates seemed more amenable to the federal government taking action on expanding background checks ― which are supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans, including a majority of Republicans.
“I don't think there's anything wrong with that,” said Ben Proto of New Mexico. “I have no problem with anyone who wants to buy a gun having a background check. I think if you are a felon, if you're someone who has a mental illness, that you shouldn't own a firearm. Now, I also understand, that by definition, criminals break laws and that's what they do, and they can probably still get them, but I don't have a problem with background checks.”
John Taylor from Mississippi echoed the sentiment, saying background checks could be valuable in certain circumstances but that there shouldn't be other limitations on who can purchase guns.
“I think they should do more background checks, but other than that, it's a Second Amendment right,” they said. “Crazy people should not have a gun.”
Others warned that toughening background checks could unintentionally hurt members of particular groups, such as people with certain mental disorders.
“I'm against that because it's really a slippery slope. At what place do you draw the line?” asked Becky Mitts from Oregon. “My father came back from Vietnam with PTSD. Are they allowed to have a gun or not? There's a fine line there, so I'm kind of against that. But we need to be aware of these people who have a problem.”
David Ludwig from Arizona said they would “have to think through the civil rights connotations” of such regulation.
“Anybody who has the slightest of ― a bipolar disorder ― is not a threat to themselves or others, and shouldn't be on some kind of database,” they said.
Randy Duke, a retired judge and delegate from North Carolina, may have best summed up where many party faithfuls stand on the effort to stem gun violence.
“The best curb on violence is for everybody to carry a gun,” they said, while standing outside Quicken Loans Arena ― a heavily guarded area where guns were strictly prohibited.
The latest programs, together with foreclosure assistance efforts already in place, are aimed at helping as many as four million embattled owners keep their houses. But the measures, which will take as long as six months to put into practice, might easily fall victim to some of the conflicting interests that have bedeviled efforts to date. None of these programs have the force of law, and lenders have often seen no good reason to participate.
To lubricate its efforts, the government plans to spread taxpayers' money around liberally. For instance, it had previously planned to give homeowners that sell their homes rather than let them go into foreclosure a “relocation assistance” payment of $1,500. The plan announced on Friday increases that amount to $3,000.
All told, the new measures are expected to cost about $50 billion. The White House was careful to stress that the money will come from funds already set aside for housing programs in the Troubled Asset Relief Program . There will be “no additional commitment of taxpayer dollars,” Michael S. Barr, an assistant secretary of the Treasury , said at the White House briefing.
Photo
Here is what the $50 billion is supposed to buy:
The simplest component of the plan involves assistance to unemployed homeowners. Mortgage companies will now be encouraged to reduce payments for at least three months and possibly six months while the homeowner pursues a new job.
To be eligible, borrowers must submit proof they are receiving unemployment insurance . The new payments will be 31 percent or less of their monthly income. The missing money will be tacked onto the loan 's principal.
A second and more complicated program is a requirement that mortgage servicers consider writing off a portion of a borrower's loan to get it down to a more manageable level.
Borrowers in the government modification plan who owe more than 115 percent of the value of their home and are paying more than 31 percent of their monthly income toward the mortgage are eligible. The write-downs are to take three years, with the borrowers in essence being rewarded for making their payments on time.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The third major new program strays the farthest from the government's previous approach. Borrowers who owe more on their homes than they are worth will get a chance to cut their debt — providing the investor or bank who owns the loan agrees.
Photo
Mr. Stevens of the F.H.A. said the program was “for responsible homeowners who through no fault of their own find themselves in a situation of negative equity.”
There is no official requirement that these homeowners be in distress, but it would probably make the investor more receptive to a deal. Whether homeowners will scheme to get into the program is one of the big uncertainties.
The investors will write down the loans to 97.75 percent of the appraised value of the property, at which point the F.H.A. will refinance them through new lenders. The F.H.A., which currently insures about six million homes, will insure the new loans as well.
If the homeowner has a second mortgage, as many do, the total value of the new mortgage can be as much as 115 percent of the value of the property. The F.H.A. will spend up to $14 billion to provide incentives to the banks that service the primary loan as well as the owners of the secondary loans. Some of the money will also provide additional insurance on the new loans.
Numerous parties will have to work together to make these deals fly. The primary loan might have been bundled into a pool and sold to investors during the housing boom. The investor must agree to cut the principal balance for a deal to work, and any bank holding a second mortgage on the property would have to go along, too.
Photo
The only incentive for the first lien holder is a quick exit from a loan that might ultimately default. Payments for second lien holders will be made on a sliding scale.
Early reaction to the refinancing program among lending groups was less than enthusiastic.
“The magnitude of this program will likely be measured in the tens of thousands rather than the hundreds of thousands of borrowers,” said Tom Deutsch, executive director of the American Securitization Forum. Both banks and investors belong to the forum.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Mortgage Bankers Association, which represents the banks that service the primary loans and own outright many of the secondary loans, warned that “each servicer will need to determine whether this is the best approach to help the individual borrower.”
The new proposals irked many people, who flooded online forums Friday. Some said those in trouble deserved their fate. Others asked why the government was propping up housing prices when many renters still could not afford to buy a house. And some wondered about the message these rescue plans were sending to those who resisted the housing bubble.
We first learned about a possible trade-in program that Google was running with the launch of the Moto X4 on Android One. But at that time, we only knew that Nexus devices would be eligible for offers up to $165, and that trade-ins before October 5th would get an additional $50 of Fi credit. The Google Store's trade-in program has now gone live ahead of the Pixel 2 launch, and the offers are unsurprisingly low.
Here's how this trade-in program works: you get an offer online for your current phone, purchase a new Pixel phone, then ship the phone to Google and get a refund in the form of credit on your card. Your offer is based on the phone's storage size, the carrier, whether the screen is cracked, and whether it turns on. Pretty standard stuff.
You're probably here to hear some of the offers for the more popular phones. So without further ado, here are prices for all the Android phones and some of the iPhones:
Galaxy Note5: $61-150
Galaxy S8+: $66-$345
Galaxy S8: $59.60-$305
Galaxy S7 edge: $40.40-$175
Galaxy S7: $52-$150
iPhone 6: $35-$143
iPhone 7 Plus: $68-$388
iPhone SE: $30-$143
LG G6: $35.20-230
Nexus 6P: $113-165
Nexus 5X: $82.50-$115
Nexus 6: $35-$80
So yeah... not the best prices. All in all, there are only nine Android phones and seven iPhones eligible. The Nexus devices are listed under both their manufacturer and Google, which is smart thinking on Google's part. But you're still much, much better off trying to sell your phone on eBay or Swappa, and in most cases, you'd get double the Google Store's offers. Google already has a support page up that will guide you through all the ins and outs of the process should you be interested (let's be honest, it's not likely).
If Google deems you worthy enough to see the trade-in offer, you'll be able to see it on the side of the Pixel page. I have unfortunately not been selected, but some other members on our team have. Let us know if you guys are seeing this on your devices.
Army Sgt. Bowe Berghdahl's family is waiting for the next move.
The only known American prisoner of war, they were 23 when they disappeared from their base in Afghanistan in 2009. This week, speaking from their new office in Qatar, Afghan Taliban leaders told the AssociatedPress they would free them — but only in exchange for five Taliban leaders currently held at Guantanamo Bay.
Army Col. Tim Marsano, speaking on behalf of the Berghdahl family, said they are highly encouraged by the news.
The Taliban has been accused recently of halting peace talks with the United States and Afghanistan by opening an office they've been treating like an embassy, and now they say they won't begin peace talks unless the United States agrees to this exchange.
Though Berghdahl's story isn't top of mind for most people, some are trying to raise awareness. In Wisconsin, Brenda Weber and their family collected more than 250,000 names on a petition in support of Berghdahl.
Unsurprisingly, Berghdahl's support is strongest in their hometown.
"Certainly here in Idaho it is right on the front page and in fact, the community support they've been getting has been phenomenal," Marsano said.
Complicating the negations further, the Afghan government is seeking the release of another set of Taliban leaders, held in Pakistan, presumably leaders they are more in favor of. And the Afghan government isn't seeking to trade those leaders for any Americans.
When Bowe was first captured, the Taliban talked about wanting 21 prisoners from Guantanamo Bay released as well as receiving $1 billion, said Indira Lakshmanan, senior correspondent for Bloomberg News. So they've softened their stance, some.
It's too early to know whether diplomatic meetings with the Taliban, which has renamed their office "The Political Office of the Afghan Taliban", will be enough to end the 12-year conflict.
The United States government hasn't responded to the Taliban's request and public opinion remains divided over the course of action that should be taken.
"There's no question that the freedom of the one U.S. prisoner of war that we know of is of huge priority for the American government and there is no question that there is pressure from Congress with some who don't want to see any Taliban detainees released," Lakshmanan said. "On the other hand, there's pressure from the American people and the government who do want to see the safety of an American prisoner of war."
The government faces a tricky decision, especially given the murky diplomatic history of the Taliban.
"We don't know whether the Taliban are serious about peace talks in general or whether they're just trying to wait out the clock till the U.S. pulls out of combat forces at the end of 2014."
A special federal court ruled yesterday that vaccines do not cause autism and that thousands of families with autistic children are not entitled to compensation, delivering a major blow to an international movement that has tried for years to link childhood immunizations with the devastating disorder.
The ruling closes one chapter in a long feud that has pitted families with autistic children against the bulk of the scientific establishment. Those who believe passionately that routine childhood shots are to blame for the rising toll of autism feel they are locked in a David-and-Goliath struggle against vaccine manufacturers, corrupt scientists, federal agencies and the mainstream media. It remains to be seen whether yesterday's ruling will end the controversy -- or be seen as just more evidence of what some call a conspiracy.
The vast majority of credible scientific studies have shown -- and all federal health agencies have strenuously argued -- that there is no connection between vaccines and autism. And public health officials have repeatedly warned that fewer immunizations will endanger children's lives.
Nevertheless, concerns about vaccines such as the "MMR" shot, which protects children against measles, mumps and rubella, have grown so widespread that some parents are choosing to forgo vaccinations. About one in 12 children does not receive the MMR vaccine in the United States, according to the National Center for Health Statistics.
Yesterday's ruling involved three separate cases, each of which explored a different mechanism by which vaccines might cause autism. Working independently, three special masters acting as judges in the federal "vaccine court" issued separate but similar rulings that found no evidence that the vaccines had caused the children's disorders.
The decisions are especially telling because the rules of the vaccine court did not require the plaintiffs to prove their cases with scientific certainty -- all the families needed to show was a preponderance of the evidence, or "50 percent and a hair." To the extent that these cases are representative of the claims made by some 4,800 other families seeking compensation, those cases would appear to be on shaky ground.
Ruling on a case brought by Theresa and Michael Cedillo of Yuma, Ariz., special master George L. Hastings used italicized words for emphasis and wrote that their extensive analysis of the evidence showed that the Cedillos' vaccine-autism theory was "very wrong."
"Unfortunately, the Cedillos have been misled by physicians who are guilty, in my view, of gross medical misjudgment," Hastings wrote.
The Cedillos contend that their daughter Michelle abruptly fell sick a week after they received an MMR shot when they were about 16 months old. Today, at age 14, they require round-the-clock care, suffers from seizures, has lost nearly all their vision and has constant abdominal pain.
"We are terribly disappointed by the decision," Theresa Cedillo said in an interview. Referring to Michelle, they said, "I feel they were vaccine-injured and should be entitled to compensation."
The rulings are subject to appeal, and Kevin Conway, a lawyer representing the Cedillos, said there was no question of throwing in the towel.
In another test case, special master Denise K. Vowell heard charges brought by Kathryn and Joseph Snyder of Port Orange, Fla., who argued that the MMR vaccine, or a mercury-based preservative in it called thimerosal, had triggered in their son Colten pervasive developmental disorder -- part of the "autism spectrum."
Nagy was one of four candidates who sat down for face-to-face interviews with general manager Billy Eppler, manager Mike Scioscia and special assistant Marcel Lachemann over the last few weeks. Nagy interviewed last Monday and was offered the job seven days later, replacing Mike Butcher in what will ultimately be a reconfigured coaching staff.
ANAHEIM -- The Angels have decided on Charles Nagy as their new pitching coach, signing the former All-Star and longtime Indians linchpin to a two-year contract on Monday.
ANAHEIM -- The Angels have decided on Charles Nagy as their new pitching coach, signing the former All-Star and longtime Indians linchpin to a two-year contract on Monday.
Nagy was one of four candidates who sat down for face-to-face interviews with general manager Billy Eppler, manager Mike Scioscia and special assistant Marcel Lachemann over the last few weeks. Nagy interviewed last Monday and was offered the job seven days later, replacing Mike Butcher in what will ultimately be a reconfigured coaching staff.
"He checked a lot of boxes," said Eppler, who wouldn't name the other candidates out of respect to their situations. "He's very mindful and thoughtful in their approach. They understand what they want to do; what they want, or expects, from their playing personnel. Just their demeanor and their general nature is something that attracted us to him, as well."
Three weeks earlier, Butcher was let go -- along with veteran hitting coach Don Baylor -- after nine seasons as the Angels' pitching coach. Butcher is now the D-backs' pitching coach, a post Nagy held for three years until getting dismissed at the end of the 2013 season.
The Angels are expected to announce the rest of their coaching staff in the coming days. Dave Hansen, who served as an assistant under Baylor the past two seasons, is expected to be promoted to hitting coach. Other role changes are expected, as well.
Nagy will spend the next three months getting to know the Angels' pitchers.
"My philosophy is like any other pitching coach's philosophy -- of throwing strikes, working ahead, working fast," Nagy said in a phone interview. "What I need to do right now, in this next week, is just touch base and build relationships, build trust with these guys. Just build a good working relationship from day one until we get into the season. That's the most important -- treat everybody as individuals and work with the players, let everyone know that I'm there with them, and just try to show my experience and my passion for pitching and baseball."
Nagy, 48, pitched in the big leagues from 1990 to 2003, spending 13 of those 14 years in Cleveland. They made the All-Star team three times, won 129 games and was an important piece to the dominant Indians teams of the 1990s, pitching in the postseason for five straight years and appearing in two World Series.
Nagy was a pitching coach for the Angels' Triple-A affiliate in Salt Lake City from 2006-07 and with the Indians' Triple-A affiliate in Columbus, Ohio, in '10. They were hired as the Major League pitching coach in Arizona for the following season, but was removed from then-manager Kirk Gibson's staff on Oct. 8, 2013.
Nagy -- a native of Connecticut -- then helped the Indians as a Spring Training coach in 2014 and spent the 2015 season as a special assistant to player development, working with young pitchers throughout the organization's Minor League system.
Jered Weaver, entering the final year of their contract, pitched under Nagy in Triple-A. Tyler Skaggs, coming off spending an entire year recovering from Tommy John surgery, had them in Arizona.
Skaggs called Nagy "very laid-back" and said he's "very knowledgeable about the game." Eppler described them as "calm and thoughtful," adding that he's "heard phenomenal things about their ability to communicate."
The D-backs showed marked improvement in Nagy's first year in 2011, winning 94 games in large part due to the strength of their pitching staff. Ian Kennedy developed into a Cy Young candidate and the bullpen made major strides, going from 30th to 18th in WHIP in just one season.
But Arizona then sported a .500 record in back-to-back years. The young Patrick Corbin developed nicely, but some veterans -- namely, Brandon McCarthy, Joe Saunders, Heath Bell and, ultimately, Kennedy -- struggled. Upon dismissing Nagy, then-GM Kevin Towers said they wanted more toughness out of their pitchers. They wanted them to establish the inside part of the plate and sought a pitching coach who was going to "chew a little rear end when needed," prompting Towers to hire Mike Harkey.
Asked what they learned about their time with the D-backs, Nagy said: "Just being open."
"And listening," they added. "The importance of listening to the players and the pitchers, and what they're trying to do. And just communication. Talking to them, asking them what they're doing, what's going on on a daily basis. I think that's probably the most important thing, just that open line of communication and building relationships."
Alden Gonzalez is a reporter for MLB.com. Follow them on Twitter @Alden_Gonzalez and Facebook , and listen to their podcast.
During the first portion of the offseason, receiver Mike Wallace has flashed for the Minnesota Vikings, giving plenty of optimism among players and coaches that the offense can be explosive in 2015.
Throughout the organization, there's plenty of belief in Wallace's resurgence as one of the top deep threats in the NFL. Now that belief is spreading to the national media.
ESPN's Field Yates has Wallace firmly entrenched as their top player who will be assisted by a scheme change in 2015 (Insider). Here's a piece of what they said:
"In Miami, there was a deep-ball disconnect, as quarterback Ryan Tannehill ranked 30th among 33 qualifying quarterbacks in completion percentage on throws 20 or more yards down the field (26.5 percent) and 30th in total QBR (60.4). Vikings quarterback Teddy Bridgewater has room to grow as a thrower but was markedly better than Tannehill down the field last season, ranking 14th in completion percentage at 37.8 and 15th and 15th in total QBR at 92.4."
Related: Peterson gives the Vikings most dynamic backfield in the NFL
In Miami, it's not as if Wallace fell off the face of the earth. They caught 10 touchdowns a season ago and a pair of them came against the Vikings. For Wallace, it was more about their yards per catch, which went from 18.6 in Pittsburgh to 12.8 in Miami. Part of that is due to the offense and the other part is Tannehill, who struggled with downfield passing as Yates mentioned above.
Bridgewater improved their downfield accuracy and success tremendously down the stretch and in Norv Turner's explosive offense, Wallace could become the latest product of that. The last top-flight receiver in terms of speed that worked in Turner's offense was Josh Gordon in Cleveland (before the off-the-field trouble kept them off the field). In 2013, they caught 87 passes for 1,646 yards and nine touchdowns - all in nine games.
With Adrian Peterson in the backfield, Bridgewater developing and other pieces back healthy (Kyle Rudolph, offensive line), just as Yates is predicting, Wallace has a chance to breakout again.
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond arrives at the Conservative Party's conference in Manchester, October 2, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday Britain would continue to lobby the United States over a trade dispute with Canadian planemaker Bombardier (BBDb.TO), but said there were limits to what it could achieve.
The U.S. slapped a preliminary 220 percent tariff on Bombardier's CSeries jets, whose wings are made at a plant in Belfast, last week following a complaint from Boeing (BA.N).
“We've lobbied the U.S. government hard on this issue, but in the end this is a quasi-judicial decision where a citizen or a company makes a complaint and a government department adjudicates it.”
“We will go on talking to the U.S. government and the Canadian government in order to protect the jobs at Bombardier in Belfast.”
“We have a very, very special relationship with the United States but of course every country, the UK, the U.S., others, all have our own internal domestic processes, our own legal systems and we can't necessarily always ensure that they work in a way that we would like.”
‘The radical left has no ideas,' so they name-call
The losing candidate in Thursday's election for University of Virginia Student Council president is blaming an anonymous flyer that identified them as a Donald Trump supporter.
Posted around campus earlier this week by a group identifying itself as “Concerned Students at UVA,” the flyer said Kelsey Kilgore's political views “directly threaten progress” among minority students and administrators at UVA.
According to The Cavalier Daily, they were drubbed in the vote, drawing only 17.5 percent to Sarah Kenny's 82.5 percent.
After the results were announced, Kilgore told The College Fix the flyer “did affect the election,” given that they did not advertise themselves as a Trump supporter.
They blamed the university and elections board for not bothering to “determine who printed and distributed this attack flyer” and instead spending “their entire time monitoring my campaign” for violations.
“Being labeled a ‘racist' was the most hurtful,” they said in an email. “It's apparent that when the radical left has no ideas, they resort [to] leveling these baseless charges.”
They don't care about ‘students endangered by the Trump presidency'
While the anonymous flyer didn't literally call them a “racist,” it said Kilgore's candidacy was “detrimental to the interests of minority students.”
It said they “has expressed their unapologetic support for President Donald Trump, as well as for ‘alt-right' provocateur Tomi Lahren.” A rising star on Glenn Beck's network The Blaze, Lahren has called the alt-right “disgusting.”
The flyer accused Kilgore of being “deafeningly and disturbingly silent on the status of students endangered by the Trump presidency,” including students of color, Muslims and undocumented students. “The well-being of your fellow students are at stake” if students don't vote against Kilgore, it read.
Kelsey Kilgore just got exposed pic.twitter.com/qCP8LzVzoE — Summer (@Summer__Harvey) February 20, 2017
The flyer also made class-warfare arguments against Kilgore, accusing them of spending money on “yard signs and shirts” and free food for students in a vote-buying scheme.
It implied they were preventing lower-income students from participating in student government because they can't “take time off work to campaign” or afford an expensive “lawn room,” which costs thousands more than a regular dorm room.
Voting for Kilgore “will only reaffirm the disturbing trend of wealth buying success at this university … our values are not for sale,” the flyer read.
Kilgore told The Fix that while they voted for Trump, they aren't particularly politically outspoken during the campaign and never met the candidate. Them father did serve in a “leadership role” on the Trump campaign.
They never attended any political rally and had only “some involvement with the [College Republicans] prior to this student election,” but after their campaign experience, they are “looking forward to becoming more involved.”
Kilgore doesn't know who is behind Concerned Students at UVA, and said the group “had no idea who I was or what I believed.” Its implied accusations of racism were “hurtful,” and in any case, the Student Council should not involve itself in “partisan issues.”
The campus chapter of the College Republicans shared a photo of the flyer to denounce it.
“Truly unbelievable that we've reached a point where private support for the President of the United States is somehow made out to be a disqualifying view in a student election,” the group wrote. (According to the Daily, the group “rescinded” its endorsement of candidate Trump.)
Tanner Hirschfeld, a member of the club who is running for chair next month, agreed the flyer and “hate” toward Kilgore played a “deciding role in the outcome of this election.”
It successfully tied Kilgore to Trump's “most divisive rhetoric” and played off “the current resentment” toward the president among the UVA student body, they told The Fix.
Great campaigning with Kelsey Kilgore, who is running for @UVaStudCo President. To all my friends on Grounds, vote #KelseyKforUVA! pic.twitter.com/cNcosMxkp3 — Peter A. Finocchio (@PeterAFinocchio) February 19, 2017
Kilgore faced an uphill battle in campus media as well.
The Daily editorial board endorsed their opponent, calling Kilgore “unqualified” because “she has not directly interacted with student government affairs,” though it didn't mention Kilgore's political preferences.
The Yellow Journal, a satirical campus publication, ran a story on the election headlined “Over-Qualified White Woman In Danger of Losing Election to Inexperienced Outsider, Again,” implicitly comparing Kilgore to President Trump.
Another satirical paper, Black Sheep UVA, also attacked them candidacy.
All these critics “insulted their intelligence, character, appearance, family, and beliefs,” said Hirschfeld:
These groups had no reason to attack Kelsey for they had never been anything but nice to all members of the University community. They painted them in the worst possible light by throwing false and disgusting insults at their [racism and incompetence] and ultimately costing them the election. I'm utterly disgusted by the behavior of my fellow students who claim to promote inclusivity and diversity, but repeatedly suppress and attack anyone they don't agree [with].
Asked whether the university had attempted to identify who posted the anonymous flyers, spokesperson Anthony de Bruyn said in an email it was not “University practice to investigate the identities of individuals engaged in [constitutionally] protected speech.”
They clarified that while the flyers could have been improperly posted, UVA “does not ordinarily go to extraordinary lengths … to ascertain violations of the posting policy,” which is limited to restrictions on where and how flyers can be posted.
They would only be investigated if “the improperly posted material constituted a more serious violation, like a criminal threat for example,” de Bruyn said.
Kilgore said the university had practiced a double standard. “Universities are so quick to protect many … liberal causes and rarely step up to protect the freedom of conservative students to think and say what they believe.”
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Peter A. Finnochio/Twitter
Research published in the open access journal Microbiome sheds new light on how gut bacteria may influence anxiety-like behaviors. Investigating the link between gut bacteria and biological molecules called microRNAs (miRNAs) in the brain; researchers at the APC Microbiome Institute at University College Cork, which is funded by Science Foundation Ireland, found that a significant number of miRNAs were changed in the brains of microbe-free mice. These mice are reared in a germ-free bubble and typically display abnormal anxiety, deficits in sociability and cognition, and increased depressive-like behaviors.
Dr Gerard Clarke, the corresponding author said: "Gut microbes seem to influence miRNAs in the amygdala and the prefrontal cortex. This is important because these miRNAs may affect physiological processes that are fundamental to the functioning of the central nervous system and in brain regions, such as the amygdala and prefrontal cortex, which are heavily implicated in anxiety and depression."
miRNAs are short sequences of nucleotides (the building blocks of DNA and RNA), which can act to control how genes are expressed. miRNA dysregulation or dysfunction is believed to be an underlying factor contributing to stress-related psychiatric disorders, neurodegenerative diseases and neurodevelopmental abnormalities. miRNA changes in the brain have been implicated in anxiety-like behaviors.
Dr Clarke said: "It may be possible to modulate miRNAs in the brain for the treatment of psychiatric disorders but research in this area has faced several challenges, for example, finding safe and biologically stable compounds that are able to cross the blood-brain barrier and then act at the desired location in the brain. Our study suggests that some of the hurdles that stand in the way of exploiting the therapeutic potential of miRNAs could be cleared by instead targeting the gut microbiome."
The researchers found that levels of 103 miRNAs were different in the amygdala and 31 in the prefrontal cortex of mice reared without gut bacteria (GF mice) compared to conventional mice. Adding back the gut microbiome later in life normalized some of the changes to miRNAs in the brain.
The findings suggest that a healthy microbiome is necessary for appropriate regulation of miRNAs in these brain regions. Previous research demonstrated that manipulation of the gut microbiome affects anxiety-like behaviors but this is the first time that the gut microbiome has been linked to miRNAs in both the amygdala and prefrontal cortex, according to the authors.
The researchers used next-generation-sequencing (NGS) to find out which miRNAs were present in the amygdala and the prefrontal cortex of groups of 10-12 control mice with a normal gut microbiota, GF mice and ex-GF mice -- which had been colonized with bacteria by housing them with the control mice -- and adult rats whose normal microbiota had been depleted with antibiotics.
They found that depleting the microbiota of adult rats with antibiotics impacted some miRNAs in the brain in a similar way to the GF mice. This suggests that even if a healthy microbiota is present in early life, subsequent changes in adulthood can impact miRNAs in the brain relevant to anxiety-like behaviors, according to the authors.
The authors note that the exact mechanism by which the gut microbiota is able to influence the miRNAs in the brain remains unclear. Even though the study shows that effects of the microbiota on miRNAs are present in more than one species (mice and rats), further research into the possible connection between gut bacteria, miRNAs and anxiety-like behaviors is needed before the findings can be translated to a clinical setting.
Dr Clarke said: "This is early stage research but the possibility of achieving the desired impact on miRNAs in specific brain regions by targeting the gut microbiota -- for example by using psychobiotics -- is an appealing prospect."
###
>Media Contact
Anne Korn
Press Officer
BioMed Central
T: +44 (0)20 3192 2744
E: anne.korn@biomedcentral.com
Notes to editors:
1. Research article:
Microbial regulation of microRNA expression in the amygdala and prefrontal cortex
Hoban et al. Microbiome 2017
DOI: 10.1186/s40168-017-0321-3
For an embargoed copy of the research article please contact Anne Korn at BioMed Central.
After the embargo lifts, the article will be available at the journal website: https:/ / microbiomejournal. biomedcentral. com/ articles/ 10. 1186/ s40168-017-0321-3
Please name the journal in any story you write. If you are writing for the web, please link to the article. All articles are available free of charge, according to BioMed Central's open access policy.
2. The central purpose of Microbiome is to unite investigators conducting microbiome research in environmental, agricultural, and biomedical arenas.
Topics broadly addressing the study of microbial communities, such as, microbial surveys, bioinformatics, meta-omics approaches and community/host interaction modeling will be considered for publication. Through this collection of literature Microbiome hopes to integrate researchers with common scientific objectives across a broad cross-section of sub-disciplines within microbial ecology.
3. A pioneer of open access publishing, BMC has an evolving portfolio of high quality peer-reviewed journals including broad interest titles such as BMC Biology and BMC Medicine, specialist journals such as Malaria Journal and Microbiome, and the BMC series.
At BMC, research is always in progress. We are committed to continual innovation to better support the needs of our communities, ensuring the integrity of the research we publish, and championing the benefits of open research. BMC is part of Springer Nature, giving us greater opportunities to help authors connect and advance discoveries across the world.
4. About APC Microbiome Institute:
The APC Microbiome Institute (APC) was formed in 2003 with funding from Science Foundation Ireland and in conjunction with key industry partners. It represents a seamless collaboration between University College Cork, Teagasc (the Irish Agriculture and Food Development Authority) and Cork Institute of Technology. It is widely recognised that the gut microbiota plays an important role in human health and has become one of the most dynamic, complex and exciting areas of research in both food and pharmaceutical arenas. Over the last decade the APC has established itself as one of the leading global centres in gut microbiota research. The APC has made several landmark discoveries and has published over 1,000 research articles in peer-reviewed journals, generating many journal covers and associated editorials. The APC comprises over 300 individuals, from the scientific PI's (the APC Faculty) funded by the partner Institutions, the management team, and a dedicated group of research scientists, research assistants and postgraduates students.
5. About Brain & Behaviour Research Foundation:
The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation (BBRF) began as a family movement in 1981 and has since become the world's leading private funder of mental health research. Since awarding the first NARSAD Grant in 1987, the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation has awarded more than $365 million to fund more than 5,000 grants to more than 4,000 scientists around the world. The BBRF is committed to alleviating the suffering caused by mental illness by awarding grants that will lead to advances and breakthroughs in scientific research.
Ok, so this isn't a cheap product. It's basically the same price as a brand-new game but trust me, it's worth the investment. The ability to get discounts on digital games/additional content, to play all of the online multiplayer areas of games you have (GTA V is particularly good) and to get a selection of free games to download each month more that makes up for the high price.
Keep an eye out for deals through the year when a 12 month subscription is under £40 As those are likely to be the best prices you'll see all year. I'd recommend giving the 14 day free trial a go first.
Make sure you have a reliable internet connection with a minimum 4mb/s download speed to really get the most from your membership and avoid the rrustration of mid-game drop outs or lengthy download times.
Above all, get it and enjoy taking your PS4 gaming to the next level.
Since Elizabeth Warren endorsed Hillary Clinton, the Massachusetts senator has seen their social media popularity plummet. The senator has two Facebook pages: one for official business and another that is simply a public figure page. Both of those pages have suffered since they appeared on MSNBC's Rachel Maddow Show on Thursday and endorsed Clinton.
Warren invoked Bernie Sanders as they sat across from Maddow and gave their reasons for supporting Clinton.
“I take my cue on every part of this from Bernie themselves and what they said right from the beginning.. what this is about, what we're doing here is about millions of people across this country, millions of people who work hard every day and just keep getting slammed.”
I words, however, are a bitter pill to swallow for Sanders supporters and other progressives, who believe they have taken the easy way out. Throughout the primary cycle, Warren withheld their endorsement, waiting until it became clear that Clinton would clinch the nomination. They once said that they were “still cheering Bernie on,” and has overall been positive about their campaign. However, their refusal to come out and endorse them left millions of Sanders supporters feeling frustrated and betrayed.
Hillary Clinton emerging from Washington home after meeting with Elizabeth Warren. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
On Warren's non-Senate page, live statistics tracker Quintly showed their page with a negative growth per day. Because the statistics are live, they change constantly, but one thing is certain, Warren's popularity is suffering after throwing their support behind Clinton. At one point, they were losing more than 20,000 followers per day. Them Facebook page has been contracting in the 10,000 to 20,000 range, with them losing an average of about 600 followers per hour.
Them Facebook likes have gone from 2,187,759 to 2,187,540 in a 30-minute period. And while they are still gaining followers, it appears that they are losing more.
Part of this could be a result of their Twitter war with Donald Trump, who many see as an easy target. In an earlier piece, Inquisitr writer Mohit Priyadarshi notes Nina Turner's sharp criticism of Warren, who Turner claims essentially abandoned Bernie by withholding an endorsement.
Turner made a legitimate point when they called out Warren for criticizing Trump.  They are an easy target. What would have made Warren much more heroic to Sanders supporters is if they had gone the extra step from merely praising Bernie to endorsing them as Nina Turner and former DNC Vice Chair Tulsi Gabbard did.
Both women did what Warren failed to do: Put their careers on the line to endorse the underdog populist.
Bernie and Jane Sanders (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)
While Warren was previously praised for taking on Trump in a months-long Twitter fight, they are now being criticized by progressives for not having the courage to endorse the candidate they most closely aligns with in the Senate.
On one of Warren's Twitter feeds, they are also getting slammed with criticism. After Warren posted a photo of themselves marching in a PRIDE parade celebrating LGBTQ rights, one of the first comments called them out for supporting Clinton, a woman who was against same-sex marriage for years.
“And you endorsed the homophobe who supported DOMA and outraged about @StateDept's gender-neutral form. #Pride2016.”
Another user posted a gif of a classic movie of a woman stabbing someone to convey their annoyance with Warren's endorsement of Clinton.
null
In January, Warren gave a speech hinting at support for Bernie Sanders. On the Senate floor they made an obvious reference to Clinton's “change is hard” position.
“Anyone who shrugs and claims that change is just too hard has crawled into bed with the billionaires who want to run this country like some private club.”
Warren's endorsement of Hillary Clinton is seen as the ultimate hypocrisy among Sanders progressives, and their January speech that was aimed at Clinton is being thrown back in their face by those accusing them of being just another establishment Democrat.
It might have gone better for Warren, had they just simply endorsed Clinton months ago instead of making contradictory statements and engaging in what amounts to a middle school-level Twitter war with Donald Trump.
[Photo by Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Images]
MSF wants to invoke the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission (IHFFC), a Switzerland-based international body, set up in 1991, which has never been called upon.
In a news briefing on Wednesday, MSF's president, Joanne Liu, said that "we cannot rely on an internal [US] military investigation" into a deadly US air strike on a hospital MSF was running in the Afghan city of Kunduz.
They said it was not just an "attack on our hospital - it was an attack on the Geneva Conventions. It can't be tolerated." Liu asked people to "stand with us to insist that even wars have rules."
The medical charity said that the Bern-based commission, which can be invoked at the request of a single state under the Geneva Convention, would gather facts and evidence from the United States, NATO and Afghanistan.
MSF would then decide whether to press criminal charges for loss of life and damage, Liu said.
"If we let this go, we are basically giving a blank check to any countries at war," they added.
On Tuesday, the US admitted that the deadly air strike was made within the "US chain of command" but said that it was "mistakenly struck."
At least 22 people died in the attack which the UN says could amount to a war crime. But it has also said it was too early for an independent probe.
ng/msh (Reuters, AFP)
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, DC 20549
SCHEDULE 13D
Under The Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. 4)*
Sears Holdings Corporation (Name of Issuer) Common Shares, $.01 par value (Title of Class of Securities)
812350106 (CUSIP Number)
Bruce R. Berkowitz c/o Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C. 4400 Biscayne Boulevard, 9th Floor Miami, FL 33137 (305) 358-3000 (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)
December 17, 2015 (Date of Event Which Requires Filing of this Statement)
If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of ss.240.13D-1(e), 240.13d‑1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box [X]. Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See Rule 13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are to be sent. * The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting person's initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page. The information required on the remainder of this cover page shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Act") or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however, see the Notes).
CUSIP No. 812350106
1. NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY) Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.
2. CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP* (a) [__] (b) [X]
3. SEC USE ONLY
4. SOURCE OF FUNDS* AF
5. CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) OR 2(e) [_]
6. CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION Delaware
NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH
7. SOLE VOTING POWER 0
8. SHARED VOTING POWER 21,405,073
9. SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER 0
10. SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER [_] 26,603,248
11. AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON 26,603,248
12. CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES*
13. PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11) 24.9%
14. TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON* IA
CUSIP No. 812350106
1. NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY) Bruce R. Berkowitz
2. CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP* (a) [__] (b) [X]
3. SEC USE ONLY
4. SOURCE OF FUNDS* AF
5. CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) OR 2(e) [_]
6. CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION United States of America
NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH
7. SOLE VOTING POWER 913,000
8. SHARED VOTING POWER 21,405,073
9. SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER 913,000
10. SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER [_] 26,603,248
11. AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON 27,516,248
12. CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES*
13. PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11) 25.8%
14. TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON* IN, HC
CUSIP No. 812350106
1. NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY) Fairholme Funds, Inc.
2. CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP* (a) [__] (b) [X]
3. SEC USE ONLY
4. SOURCE OF FUNDS* WC
5. CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) OR 2(e) [_]
6. CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION Maryland
NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH
7. SOLE VOTING POWER 0
8. SHARED VOTING POWER 16,335,473
9. SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER 0
10. SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER [_] 16,335,473
11. AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON 16,335,473
12. CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES*
13. PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11) 15.3%
14. TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON* IV
CUSIP No. 812350106
Item 1. Security and Issuer.
No material changes from the Schedule 13D filed by Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("Fairholme"), Fairholme Funds, Inc. (the "Fund"), a Maryland investment company, and Mr. Bruce R. Berkowitz, a United States citizen (collectively with Fairholme and the Fund, the "Reporting Persons") on February 27, 2015.
Item 2. Identity and Background.
(a-c, f) This Schedule 13D/A is being filed jointly by the Reporting Persons. The principal business address of the Reporting Persons is 4400 Biscayne Boulevard, 9th Floor, Miami, Florida 33137. Mr. Berkowitz controls the sole member of Fairholme, an investment management firm that serves as the general partner, managing member and investment adviser to several investment funds, both public and private, including the Fund and separately managed accounts (collectively, the "Fairholme Funds"). (d) Mr. Berkowitz has not, during the last five years, been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors). (e) None of the Reporting Persons has, during the last five years, been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to, Federal or state securities laws or finding any violation with respect to such laws.
Item 3. Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration.
No borrowed funds were used to purchase the Shares, other than any borrowed funds used for working capital purposes in the ordinary course of business.
Item 4. Purpose of Transaction.
The Reporting Persons have acquired their Shares of the Issuer for investment. The Reporting Persons evaluate their investment in the Shares on a continual basis.
The Reporting Persons reserve the right to be in contact with members of the Issuer's management, the members of the Issuer's Board of Directors, other significant shareholders and others regarding alternatives that the Issuer could employ to increase shareholder value. In addition, the Reporting Persons will be in contact with members of the Issuer's management, the members of the Issuer's Board of Directors, other significant shareholders and others regarding the Reporting Persons' views on the long-term prospects of the Issuer. The contact may include proposing or considering any of the actions enumerated in Item 4 of the instructions to Schedule 13D.
The Reporting Persons reserve the right to effect transactions that would change the number of shares they may be deemed to beneficially own.
Item 5. Interest in Securities of the Issuer.
(a-e) As of the date hereof, Fairholme may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 26,603,248 Shares (24.9%) of the Issuer, based upon the 106,689,188 Shares outstanding as of November 27, 2015, according to the Issuer. Fairholme has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of 0 Shares, Fairholme has the shared power to vote or direct the vote of 21,405,073 Shares, Fairholme has the sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 0 Shares and Fairholme has the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 26,603,248 Shares to which this filing relates.
The Fund may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 16,335,473 Shares (15.3%) of the Issuer, based upon the 106,689,188 Shares outstanding as of November 27, 2015, according to the Issuer. The Fund has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of 0 Shares, the Fund has the shared power to vote or direct the vote of 16,335,473 Shares, the Fund has the sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 0 Shares and the Fund has the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 16,335,473 Shares to which this filing relates. Of the 16,335,473 Shares deemed to be beneficially owned by the Fund, 14,497,773 are owned by The Fairholme Fund and 1,837,700 are owned by The Fairholme Allocation Fund, each a series of the Fund.
Mr. Berkowitz may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 27,516,248 Shares (25.8%) of the Issuer, based upon the 106,689,188 Shares outstanding as of November 27, 2015, according to the Issuer. Mr. Berkowitz has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of 913,000 Shares, Mr. Berkowitz has the shared power to vote or direct the vote of 21,405,073 Shares, Mr. Berkowitz has the sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 913,000 Shares and Mr. Berkowitz has the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 26,603,248 Shares to which this filing relates.
The trading dates, number of Shares purchased or sold and the price per share for all transactions in the Shares during the last 60 days by the Reporting Persons are set forth in Exhibit B and were effected in the open market.
The Reporting Persons specifically disclaim beneficial ownership in the Shares reported herein except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein.
Item 6. Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships with Respect to Securities of the Issuer.
Not applicable.
Item 7. Material to be Filed as Exhibits.
Exhibit A Joint Filing Statement
Exhibit B A description of the transactions in the Shares that were effected by the Reporting Persons during the last 60 days is filed herewith as Exhibit B.
SIGNATURE
After reasonable inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.
December 18, 2015 (Date) Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C. By: /s/ Paul Thomson Chief Compliance Officer Bruce R. Berkowitz By: /s/ Paul Thomson (Attorney-in-fact) Fairholme Funds, Inc. By: /s/ Paul Thomson Chief Compliance Officer Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.
Attention: Intentional misstatements or omissions of fact constitute Federal criminal violations (see 18 U.S.C. 1001).
Exhibit A
AGREEMENT
The undersigned agree that this Schedule 13D/A dated December 18, 2015 relating to the Common Shares, $.01 par value of Sears Holdings Corporation shall be filed on behalf of the undersigned.
Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C. By: /s/ Paul Thomson Chief Compliance Officer Bruce R. Berkowitz By: /s/ Paul Thomson (Attorney-in-fact) Fairholme Funds, Inc. By: /s/ Paul Thomson Chief Compliance Officer Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.
Exhibit B
TRANSACTIONS IN SHARES BY ACCOUNTS ADVISED BY FAIRHOLME CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.L.C
The scene each day at the Bethlehem checkpoint is horrifying. Lucky Palestinians who have managed to obtain authorization to work in Israel — the “ticket to life,” they call it — undergo an exhausting, agonizing wait that can last five hours, even when they arrive early in the morning to beat the crowds.
This is the journey thousands must make to reach jobs that help them survive the economic distress in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority.
The inhumane overcrowding to get through the “lines” at the checkpoint forces many workers to climb the fences just to avoid suffocation. Some workers, many in their 40s and 50s who don't have it in them to withstand the long hours of crowding, try to arrive at 2 a.m. to avoid the misery that will increase as more laborers arrive.
“The fight for a piece of railing is the hardest of all,” said Ahmed Darajah, a 42-year-old father of eight from Beit Sahour who works in a quarry. “Only the strong can climb the railing and hold tight to the barbwire fence for hours. Not everyone has the strength to keep hanging in the air all night, and only the strong survive [and keep their place in line]. The rest pray to God.”
The official name of the checkpoint at Bethlehem is the Rachel Checkpoint, but it is also called Checkpoint 300. Its location wasn't chosen through any planning or forethought, and no one intended for thousands of people to pass through the crossing every day.
On Feb. 25, 1994 — the day settler Baruch Goldstein massacred 29 Palestinians at the Cave of the Patriarchs — Ilan Biran, commander of the Israel Defense Forces Central Command, ordered that a temporary checkpoint be built quickly in the Bethlehem area to prevent angry Palestinians from getting to the nearby Gilo settlement neighborhood. The deputy brigade commander, Shlomo Tzaban, marked off 300 steps from the Tomb of Rachel, on the outskirts of Bethlehem, and set up the first concrete structure that would become the Rachel Checkpoint. Over the years, it has become a central crossing for Palestinian workers entering Israel from the West Bank.
Palestinians must pass through concrete pathways along the separation barrier. At the crossing itself, military police operate carousels that allow only a small group of workers at a time to pass into the security-check area to verify their authorization to work.
According to data provided to Al-Monitor by the civil administration, 58,000 workers exit the West Bank to work in Israel each day. An additional 27,000 Palestinians are authorized to work in West Bank settlements. In February, to ease the burden of unemployment in the PA-controlled territories, the security Cabinet authorized 30,000 additional work permits for Palestinians. Since then, the Cabinet has authorized another 7,000 permits to be issued in the coming weeks.
Workers from the West Bank enter Israel through 15 checkpoints scattered along the Green Line. Checkpoint 300 is the busiest and most crowded. Civil administration data shows 7,000 workers passing through that checkpoint every day, but according to the Palestinians, the actual number is much higher. The West Bank Labor Association reports that 15,000 workers pass through the checkpoint daily, a figure an Israeli security source also believes to be closer to reality. Regardless of the precise number, the checkpoint was not built to handle today's massive flow.
“There's a demand for workers from the Bethlehem area because it is considered a quieter and more moderate area than other areas in the West Bank,” the Israeli security source told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity. “Israeli employers prefer Bethlehem workers because they have a reputation as workers you can relatively depend on. They don't present a security threat like workers from Jenin or Nablus. Hebron-area residents also prefer to cross into Israel through Checkpoint 300 because most of them work in the Jerusalem or Tel Aviv area, and not as much in the Beersheba area [in the south].”
The reason workers are unable to cross Checkpoint 300 in a humane and appropriate fashion lies in the way it is administered. The operation of the other crossings from the Palestinian territories into Israel, including the Erez crossing at the Gaza Strip, has been transferred from the IDF to the Defense Ministry, which hires corporate contractors that use advanced security methods. The crossings surrounding Jerusalem have remained the joint responsibility of the IDF, the military police and the civilian Israeli police. The IDF is not against transferring responsibility for Checkpoint 300 to the Defense Ministry and the Ports Authority, but the Israel Police oppose such a move. Giving up control of the crossing would cost the force millions of shekels in lost manpower and budgeting.
At the Eyal Checkpoint, operated by the Defense Ministry near the Israeli town of Rosh HaAyin, some 12,000 Palestinian workers pass through daily without crowding, thanks to advanced security methods like those used at airports. By contrast, Jamal Abu Warda, a resident of Aida refugee camp near Bethlehem, told Al-Monitor that almost every day Palestinian workers are sent to hospitals with injuries sustained at Checkpoint 300.
“This week I arrived at the checkpoint at 2:30 [a.m.] in order to be one of the first in line,” Abu Warda said. “When I arrived, there was already a long line, but I managed to push in. Suddenly, terrible crowding started. I and a few other workers fell to the ground as others fell on top of us. I felt that I was suffocating. I thought I was dying, but the workers couldn't be stopped because everyone was pushing.
"I don't know who thought of it, but then a row of workers formed a human chain and prevented others from falling on top of us. That's how I was saved. Friends poured water on me and sat me to the side for 15 minutes until I could breathe again. I didn't go to work that day; I went to the hospital. It's a shame that [they] do this to us. What do we want, after all? To live with dignity and to provide food for our kids.”
Given Abu Warda's testimony and that of many other workers, it seems safe to say that if Israel doesn't improve conditions at Checkpoint 300, it is only a matter of time before disaster strikes there, with Palestinian workers suffocating or being trampled to death.
In a conference call in February about Arizona's proposed “right to discriminate” bill, National Organization For Marriage president Brian Brown counseled fellow Religious Right activists to turn accusations of anti-gay discrimination around and accuse gay rights activists of “anti-religious” and “anti-Christian bigotry.”
Brown was the guest on a weekly call held by Staying True to America's National Destiny (STAND), an organization run by former Virginia GOP lieutenant governor nominee E.W. Jackson.
Noting that opponents of Arizona's bill – which was later vetoed by Gov. Jan Brewer – pointed out its similarities to Jim Crow laws, Brown said, “in fact, it's the reverse” and that gay rights opponents are the ones facing systematic discrimination.
They advised the activists on the call to claim that opponents of gay rights are the real victims: “So, when they bring up discrimination, we need to turn it on its head and say, this is about anti-religious, specifically in some cases, anti-Christian religious bigotry, and there's no place for this in this country. The discrimination is there, but right now what's happening is the discrimination is coming from those that want to punish, repress and marginalize individuals and organizations that stand up for their religious beliefs.”
Beginning this week, passengers on the District of Columbia's Metrorail network—the six-line, spontaneous fire-prone train system known here as the D.C. Metro— can expect fare increases and service cuts.
As you might imagine, few in the area are pleased. A few days ago, the Washington Examiner declared that the city's rapid-transit system "is the worst in the world." I'll be generous and not go that far. The D.C. Metro is definitely not the dirtiest system I've ever experienced (I'm looking at you New York City), but the system is hardly a model of success, either. Deferred maintenance, poor planning by the original designers, a dysfunctional governance structure, and general incompetence and negligence on the part of management and staff have taken their toll since its 1976 opening.
All of these problems came to a head in 2009, when a crash near the Fort Totten station in Northeast D.C. killed nine people, including the train's operator, and injured 80. Following the accident, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) released a report that identified failures at almost every level of The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), including actions taken by the train operator, maintenance workers, senior management, and control room operators.
The severity of this incident prompted a $5 billion capital improvement program, with nearly half of the money coming from federal grants. Metro finally had the funds it needed to make significant improvements, but as time dragged on it would become apparent that absent major structural reforms in how the WMATA functioned, that money would not be well spent.
In 2015 another headline-grabbing incident occurred near L'Enfant Plaza, in D.C.'s Southwest quadrant. An electrical malfunction caused a train to get stuck in a smoke-filled tunnel. One woman died and another 86 people were sent to the hospital. With public trust in the system at a new low, ridership dropped significantly.
As someone who has ridden plenty of rapid-transit systems outside of the U.S., I can attest to just how bad the D.C. Metro compares. Having ridden the Shanghai Metro for the past two years while a student at New York University Shanghai, I can recall a train stopping in between stations only once and for ten seconds at most. By contrast, my morning train into downtown D.C. last Friday stopped a total of five times between stations, the longest delay being almost five minutes. And this isn't even that bad comparatively, according to stories I've heard from longtime residents.
Some might gripe that making comparisons between D.C.'s system and those in Asia or even New York's sprawling network are unfair. After all, D.C. is neither as populated nor as dense as Shanghai, Tokyo, or New York. But even taking into account these differences, a lot of the Metro's dysfunction defies logic.
Shanghai's system, for instance, handles far more people and is way more overcrowded than the D.C. Metro. Yet in Shanghai, rush-hour headways—the amount of time between trains on the same track—can be as little as two minutes, with trains moving seamlessly from station to station at full speed. In D.C., the Metro has six minute headways during rush hour—at least on paper—which will soon increase to eight. Yet trains often run behind schedule and frequently have to stop in tunnels for trains in front of them to move.
If people wanted the experience of frequent breaking while crawling to their destination, they could just drive their cars during rush hour. Subways exist to provide public transportation that, unlike a bus, isn't subject to traffic jams. Unfortunately, the D.C. Metro has perfected the art of replicating the traffic woes above ground in the tunnels below. This is despite all the years and additional money the WMATA has had to fix the maintenance problems behind these daily delays.
As I write this, part of the Red Line, the system's busiest, has been shutdown. From mid-May to mid-June, all Orange Line stations in Maryland, as well as some in D.C., were shut down. There are weekends where all six lines are impacted by track work.
At least some of the dysfunction stems from the WMATA's awful work culture. "Consciously or subconsciously, everyone at Metro knows they've got a job for life, unless they sit there and smoke crack in the middle of the platform," a former WMATA mechanic told the Washingtonian in 2015.
Falsified safety inspection reports are rampant—last December, nearly half of the system's track inspection department were facing facing disciplinary action over falsified safety records that came to light after a July 2016 derailment near the East Falls Church Metro station in northern Virginia.
Meanwhile, an employee who falsified inspection-records regarding ventilation fans near L'Enfant Plaza, where the deadly accident in 2015 occurred, may be getting their job back, thanks to the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689. "The public is safer with [Seyoum] Haile, an experienced, proven, competent mechanic, chastened to ensure accurate records of their work, than with some unknown, untested and likely less skilled mechanic," union lawyers claimed.
An arbitration panel decided that instead of firing him, Haile should get a six-month suspension. The court found in April that Metro didn't meet its legal burdens for overturning the arbitration ruling, even though the judge deciding the case openly admitted that Mr. Haile's termination "may even have been the more just outcome here."
The Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689 is the union that employs a significant majority of WMATA workers. If you read an article recently published in the Washington Post by the union president, Jackie Jeter, you would think the union had nothing to do with the problems at the WMATA. It's demonstrably false.
Jeter, along with other union representatives, has recently been touting the union's plan to fix the WMATA. The plan has some grand ideas, but few well-thought-out ones. The most notable is the call for a $2 flat fare. Not only is this not feasible with the WMATA's current financial situation, but it's terribly misguided. If there's one thing the Metro has going for it, it's the current distance-based pricing system with surge pricing during rush hour. Arguments could be made that fares at all levels are too high, but the fare structure itself is not a problem.
The union decries the current system as "too complicated" and points out that most U.S. rail systems use flat fares. That's actually true, but most major systems in other countries use distance-based pricing and for good reason: flat fares create an incredibly distortionary price environment.
If the fare is set at the highest distanced-based fare, only people with long commutes would use the system. If the fare is set at the lowest distance-based fare, the system wouldn't make any money. What results is a fare that is somewhere in the middle and that's not as good as it sounds. Riders who only go short distances and/or use the system when it's not rush hour end up subsidizing people with long commutes during peak times. Conversely, long and/or rush hour commutes are much cheaper than they should be and people who otherwise might avoid commuting at those hours would be incentivized to do so, further exacerbating overcrowding.
Jeter has been highly critical of WMATA General Manager Paul J. Wiedefeld for "blaming labor costs for Metro's problems," but the fact of the matter is 74 percent of the agency's operating costs are labor-related. To not address that would be foolish. If the agency wants to be able to spend more money on fixing the sorry state of its rail infrastructure, then bloated pensions, excessive overtime payments, and six-figure salaries for some of the agency's employees need to be addressed.
Privatization would be the best idea. In Hong Kong and Tokyo, private companies run clean, efficient systems that don't cost a fortune. These systems, which use distance-based pricing, have farebox recovery ratios—the percentage of operating costs covered by fare revenue—that are far higher than the D.C. Metro. Hong Kong's MTR, in particular, makes a healthy profit just from fare revenue. Contrary to those who claim the WMATA suffers because of a lack of dedicated government funding, reliance on fare revenue actually incentivizes improved service. Until the WMATA's byzantine governance structure is overhauled and its labor contracts rewritten, any revenue promises should be tied to the implementation of major reforms.
Of course, advocates for privatization face a long, uphill battle. The Amalgamated Transit Union certainly would not be on board. "Privatizing Metro can only make our troubled rail system worse," wrote Jeter. As if that were even possible.
Maybe one day our nation's capital will have a Metro to be proud of. One that has on-time trains, a good safety record, and a clean balance sheet. A commuter can dream can't he? Until then, the city that serves as the headquarters of our federal government will, fittingly, have the Metro it deserves: a slow and expensive one.
The truth about Donald Trump's presidential campaign is that it is a campaign to Make America '80s Again.
The ‘80s was the era of business and the business guru. A time of big money projects, private aircraft, and swanky clothes. A time of working hard and playing hard. This was the era in which men like Donald Trump thrived.
The '80s was a time of big hair and big buildings, bright colours, shopping malls, fortunes gained and lost, success and excess, power dressing, stadium rock shows, monster trucks and megastars.
No era has more defined the popular image of the USA and of American culture - both good and bad - than the '80s. Not since the Old West had a period in American history made such a mark or played such a seminal role in solidifying the cultural identity of a civilisation, or the image of a culture as perceived by the wider world.
It was the period that gave us classic albums by pop and rock royalty:
And iconic movies so good that they continue to be re-made and re-released:
In 1980, a TV cowboy was elected President of the USA, having run a campaign promising to restore law and order, build up the military, and make America great again. In 2016, a reality TV star hopes to do the same.
Trump views the 1980s as a golden era in the history of modern America:
I think during the Ronald Reagan years we were very good. We had a good something special going on then. People felt proud to be an American, they felt proud to be in the country.
As a result, Trump is seeking to make America great again by making America ‘80s again.
The '80s was the era of action films and iconic action heroes, of renegade badasses who punched, shot, and exploded their way through hordes of enemies.
In the period since, America has been weakened by touchy-feely political correctness. Trump wants to give America a much-needed adrenalin shot:
Trump is bringing back the spirit of the action badass in their campaigning. They take no shit. When leftist agitators disrupt their rallies they say this:
And this:
When it comes to tackling radical Islamic terrorism, Trump pulls no punches. He's going to bomb the shit out of ISIS:
The '80s was the classic era of American professional wrestling, with iconic WWF stars such as The Million Dollar Man, Hulk Hogan, Ric Flair, and Mr. Perfect battling it out in front of huge television audiences.
Trump has long been a wrestling fan and Trump Plaza hosted Wrestlemania IV (1988) and Wrestlemania V (1989).  They are a WWE Hall of Fame inductee and participated in the ‘Hair Vs Hair' Battle of the Billionaires at WrestleMania 23.
Trump has brought the spirit of professional wrestling to their presidential campaign, pitting themselves against enemies including Lyin' Ted, Little Marco, and Crooked Hillary.
Trump's entrance at the 2016 Republican National Convention came straight from pro-wrestling:
(The only way it could have been more awesome was if it used The Undertaker's theme music. For which, see here.)
The '80s was a time of glitz and glamour - of Sports Illustrated cover girls and supermodels.
Trump wants that glamour back, and they want to bring it to the White House, replacing this:
With this:
End result:
The '80s was the era of millionaire televangelists preaching a health and wealth gospel that celebrated riches and worldly success as signs of God's favour.
This was a truly American religion, with the American Dream given a spiritual twist by preachers running businesses reminiscent of the traveling medicine shows of the Old West.
Trump's spiritual adviser of the past fourteen years is Paula White, a televangelist and megachurch pastor:
White is a multi-millionaire who teaches that 'nothing big ever comes from thinking small' and that 'you were born to soar!' White wants us to 'make today ridiculously AMAZING!' Totally American - and totally '80s.
People who try to interpret Trump through leftist models of political ideology, people who insist on pushing the bogus line that Trump's campaign is ‘racist' (please see here if you think Trump hates immigrants, called all Mexicans criminals and rapists, hates black people, and has a Nazi-like approach to Muslims), and people who nitpick about whether or not Trump is actually a conservative are really missing the point.
Trump's entire campaign is at its core an '80s revival movement and the essence of their dream is to Make America '80s Again.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Miliband: "There will be no SNP ministers in any government I lead"
Ed Miliband has ruled out a Labour-SNP coalition in the event of a hung Parliament after May's election.
The Labour leader said any alliance would "not happen" as there were "big differences" between the two parties
"There will be no SNP ministers in any government I lead," they said, claiming such talk was "scare-mongering" by their Conservative opponents.
David Cameron said it was "despicable" that Mr Miliband had not ruled out a post-election deal with the SNP.
"Not ruling out a deal, or a pact, or support from the Scottish National Party means that the Labour Party is effectively saying, 'We're trying to ride to power on the back of a party that wants to break up our country,'" they told Buzzfeed.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said all the Labour leader had done was "rule out something no-one was proposing".
The BBC's assistant political editor Norman Smith noted that Mr Miliband had not ruled out a more informal arrangement whereby the SNP could offer a Labour minority government support on a vote-by-vote basis, known as "confidence and supply".
'Coat tails'
The SNP's rise in the opinion polls has fuelled suggestions that it may hold the balance of power in May if there is no outright winner, with the party saying it could help support a minority Labour administration.
Ms Sturgeon said earlier on Monday that their party would strive to bring "positive change across the UK" if it played any role in the next government, serving the UK's interests as well as those of Scotland.
Analysis by Scotland political editor Brian Taylor
Politics, especially during an election period, is frequently a blend of blunt speaking and rhetorical gavotte. Politicians hope that it is the blunt message, endlessly repeated, which percolates through and resides in the collective consciousness of the electorate.
But the nuances bear inspection too. Such is certainly the case with the declaration delivered by Ed Miliband that their Labour party will not enter a coalition with the SNP in the event of a hung Parliament at Westminster after May's election.
Why did they not do this earlier? Because Team Labour, especially in Scotland, did not want to give any credence whatsoever to the prospect that the SNP might be potential players in coalition talks.
Their calculation was that addressing the issue of a UK governance deal - even to preclude it - acknowledged the possibility that the SNP might make sufficient gains in Scotland to gain a putative place at the bargaining table in the first place.
Read Brian's full blog
Mr Miliband had repeatedly said that talk of any post-election coalition with the SNP was nonsense but had stopped short, until now, of explicitly ruling it out.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls refused multiple times to rule out any deal on BBC One's Andrew Marr Show on Sunday, saying Labour was working to secure a majority.
The Conservatives have suggested that Labour was trying to get into power "on the coat tails" of the SNP.
At Prime Minister's Questions last week, David Cameron branded Mr Miliband "weak and despicable" for considering a deal with the SNP "who want to break up our country".
'Integrity of UK'
But speaking at a campaign event in Leeds, Mr Miliband said Labour was striving "100%" for a majority so it could "bring about the change Britain needs".
On persistent talk from their opponents of a post-election deal with the SNP, they said: "There are big differences between us on a whole range of issues, not just on the integrity of the UK and another referendum but on fair funding between the countries of the UK and fair taxes.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says Labour and the SNP can still work together to "lock the Tories out of government"
"In repeating this claim, the Conservatives and David Cameron are simply trying to scare people. Labour will not go into coalition with the SNP."
Mr Miliband said the "real danger" was a Conservative government propped up by the UK Independence Party.
Asked whether they would consider an informal post-election deal with the SNP, Mr Miliband said they would not get into "never-ending speculation about how other parties might vote on a Labour Queen's Speech".
'Changes nothing'
Reacting to Mr Miliband's speech, Ms Sturgeon said it did not change much, as the parties could still reach an informal arrangement to "keep the Tories out of power".
"I've said that I thought a formal coalition with Labour was unlikely, but that I could foresee a circumstance in which we would support a minority Labour government on an issue-by-issue basis."
In an interview with Buzzfeed's deputy political editor Jim Waterson on Monday evening, Mr Cameron criticised Mr Miliband for not ruling out such a deal.
"The SNP isn't just any old party, they're a party that thinks that the United Kingdom - our country - shouldn't exist.
"And so I think it is pretty despicable, frankly, not to say, 'look there's no dealing with them we're going to do'. And they [Ed Miliband] is not saying that," they said.
Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy said the SNP's demands for full fiscal autonomy for Scotland would result in billions of pounds in spending cuts.
"We could never do a deal with any party promising that sort of austerity that would be so devastating for Scotland," they said.
WikiLeaks founder and editor-in-chief Julian Assange will speak to the Green Party's national convention in Houston Saturday.
Assange will address the event at 11:45 a.m. local time via live video feed from the Embassy of Ecuador in London where they have stayed the last four years in order to avoid possible extradition to the U.S. According to a Green Party press release, they will be interviewed by David Cobb, 2004 Green presidential nominee and co-founder of Move to Amend.
Assange's appearance comes about two weeks after WikiLeaks dumped nearly 20,000 emails from the Democratic National Committee which revealed exchanges suggesting that party officials worked to undermine progressive presidential candidate Bernie Sanders in favor of front-runner Hillary Clinton. The ensuing fallout lead to the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
The WikiLeaks founder later teased that their organization possesses further DNC-related information, including more material on Clinton, and says it will be published "in batches."
At the convention Saturday, Jill Stein is the heavy favorite to win the Green Party nomination, as they did in 2012. With a number of Sanders supporters riled up by the email revelations, Stein has offered themselves to dejected Democrats as a progressive alternative to Clinton.
On Twitter, Stein said late Friday that they are "[v]ery excited" to hear from Assange, and hinted that they may indeed discuss the DNC email leak.
Also scheduled to speak at the event Saturday are former Sanders supporters activists Dr. Cornel West and YahNe Ndgo.
RIVERSIDE — A judge on Friday is expected to weigh whether a challenge can proceed to California's law letting terminally ill patients seek prescriptions for life-ending drugs.
Riverside County Judge Daniel A. Ottolia is expected to hear arguments over whether a lawsuit by doctors challenging the state's 2016 law permitting medically-assisted death can move forward.
California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra has argued that the suit should be dismissed because doctors aren't bound to issue these prescriptions and the law merely offers patients a choice.
There's no “live controversy” for the court to resolve and the allegations “are wholly based upon what could happen in the future, or may never happen at all, to non-parties,” deputy attorney general Kathleen Lynch wrote in court papers.
In contrast, the plaintiffs argue the law is removing critical protections from terminally-ill patients like those they treat.
“Protecting vulnerable Californians from immediate and fatal harm is exactly the kind of controversy that courts are designed to adjudicate,” plaintiffs' lawyer Steven Bledsoe wrote.
California is one of a number of states where terminally ill patients can get prescriptions to take life-ending drugs, along with Oregon, Washington, Vermont and Montana.
The law took effect in California in June 2016. It was approved a year earlier but couldn't take effect until the conclusion of a special session on health care.
Under the state's law, patients must be given six months or less to live, make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
The law passed following the heavily publicized case of a 29-year-old California woman with brain cancer who moved to Oregon to legally end their lives in 2014.
Some see the measure as providing choice to the dying in a health care system that helps people live longer but is limited in preventing slow, painful deaths. Critics say they fear the option will lead to hasty decisions, misdiagnosis and waning support for palliative care.
In the last year, at least 504 terminally ill Californians have requested the prescriptions, according to advocacy group Compassion & Choices. The number includes only those who contacted the organization, and state officials have yet to release official data.
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Oct 4, 2015 in World Russia's Orthodox Church voiced support for Putin's decision to carry out air strikes in Syria against ISIS, calling it a "holy battle" for protecting the Christians in the region. The fight with terrorism is a holy battle and today our country is perhaps the most active force in the world fighting it.The Russian Federation has made a responsible decision on the use of armed forces to defend the People of Syria from the sorrows caused by the arbitrariness of terrorists. Christians are suffering in the region with the kidnapping of clerics and the destruction of churches. Muslims are suffering no less. They also said that a council representing Russia's main religions — Orthodox Christianity, Islam, Judaism and Buddhism — will release a joint statement supporting the decision taken by Russian government to fight ISIS. Russia's Orthodox Church, after years of repression under the Communist rule is seen as a unifying force in Russian society during the Putin Era. Since their ascent to power, Putin has overseen the reconstruction or refurbishing of more than 23,000 Russian Orthodox churches destroyed under Soviet rule. However, the statements from the church has sparked a wave of angry Arab responses and statements on social networking sites with some of them declaring a Jihad against Russia. Syrian opposition member, Bassam Jaara The Orthodox Church's call for a holy war in Syria warrants a declaration of jihad. The Orthodox Church described Putin's battle in Syria as ‘holy', meaning a crusade war… A ‘holy' war requires a call for jihad. The statements from Russia's powerful orthodox Church came as Russia continued its air strikes in Syria. Head of the Church's Public Affairs Department, Vsevolod Chaplin, told Interfax news agency.He also said that a council representing Russia's main religions — Orthodox Christianity, Islam, Judaism and Buddhism — will release a joint statement supporting the decision taken by Russian government to fight ISIS.Russia's Orthodox Church, after years of repression under the Communist rule is seen as a unifying force in Russian society during the Putin Era. Since their ascent to power, Putin has overseen the reconstruction or refurbishing of more than 23,000 Russian Orthodox churches destroyed under Soviet rule.However, the statements from the church has sparked a wave of angry Arab responses and statements on social networking sites with some of them declaring a Jihad against Russia.Syrian opposition member, Bassam Jaara said More about Russian Orthodox Church, Syria, Holy war Russian Orthodox Chu... Syria Holy war
Submitted by Pam Martens and Russ Martens via WallStreetOnParade.com,
Last night ABC began its two-part series on the Bernie Madoff fraud. Viewers will be reminded about how investment expert, Harry Markopolos, wrote detailed letters to the SEC for years, raising red flags that Bernie Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme – only to be ignored by the SEC as Madoff fleeced more and more victims out of their life savings.
Today, there are two equally erudite scribes who have jointly been flooding the SEC with explosive evidence that some Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that trade on U.S. stock exchanges and are sold to a gullible public, may be little more than toxic waste dumped there by Wall Street firms eager to rid themselves of illiquid securities.
The two anonymous authors have one thing going for them that Markopolos did not. They are represented by a former SEC attorney, Peter Chepucavage, who was also previously a managing director in charge of Nomura Securities' legal, compliance and audit functions. We spoke to Chepucavage by phone yesterday. They confirmed that two of their clients authored the series of letters. Chepucavage said further that these clients have significant experience in trading ETFs and data collection involving ETFs.
Throughout their letters, the whistleblowers use the phrase ETP, for Exchange Traded Product, which includes both ETFs and ETNs, Exchange Traded Notes. In a letter that was logged in at the SEC on January 13, 2016, the whistleblowers compared some of these investments to the subprime mortgage products that fueled the 2008 crash, noting that regulators and economists were mostly blind to that escalating danger as well. The authors wrote:
“The vast majority of ETPs have very low levels of assets under management and illiquid trading volumes. Many of these have illiquid underlying assets and a large group of ETPs are based on derivatives that are not backed by physical assets such as stocks, bonds or commodities, but rather swaps or other types of complex contracts. Many of these products may have been designed to take what were originally illiquid assets from the books of operators, bundle them into an ETP to make them appear liquid and sell them off to unsuspecting investors. The data suggests this is evidenced by ETPs that are formed, have enough volume in the early stage of their existence to sell shares, but then barely trade again while still remaining listed for sale. This is reminiscent of the mortgage-backed securities bundles sold previous to the last financial crisis in 2008.”
The authors also note in this same letter that they have been presenting their evidence of “significant red flags” and “fundamental flaws” to the SEC since March 2015 and that the industry has not disputed the evidence. However, disclosures of these risks in the product offerings has not been forthcoming either.
To underscore to the regulators just how serious they are about cleaning up the ETP market, in a cover letter dated March 24, 2015, Chepucavage copied every member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (F-SOC), the body created under the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation to monitor financial stability in the U.S., including Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, and SEC Chair Mary Jo White.
The detailed March 24, 2015 letter from the whistleblowers pointed out that the very act of allowing some of these illiquid product offerings to be listed on U.S. stock exchanges is lending an air of legitimacy to them since stock exchanges in the U.S. are also mandated to police their own markets. The whistleblowers wrote:
“Whether it is realized or not, authorizations to trade exchange traded products by exchanges/self-regulatory organizations (‘SROs') suggests legitimacy of the product to investors, which is evidenced by the growing interest in ETFs (supplemented through the massive ETF advertising campaigns to investors…)”
Another letter raised the issue that Wall Street On Parade wrote about on December 15, 2015 — the role of “Authorized Participants,” which are mainly the big Wall Street banks.
The whistleblowers noted:
“The market trading discussed herein… is being executed between investors and counterparties mostly consisting of Authorized Participants, market makers or clearing firms (which may be the same firms), which in many cases is not causing a net creation of shares (purchasing underlying assets) for certain important ETFs. In some ETPs, there is a conflict of interest between the investor and the contra parties in the secondary market.
“Anyone that has been critical of ETPs has been immediately attacked by the industry, without any factual data from the industry to support their positions. The strategy has simply been ‘attack the messenger,' which does not address the underlying problems within ETPs.”
The most recent letter from the whistleblowers to the SEC came just nine days ago in advance of the SEC holding a February 2 meeting of its Equity Market Structure Advisory Committee to discuss the bizarre collapse in market prices in the opening minutes of stock market trading on August 24, 2015. In their latest letter, the whistleblowers detailed the role of Exchange Traded Products on that day, writing:
“Of the 1,278 individual circuit breaker trading halts in U.S. traded securities on August 24th, 83% were ETPs. This equated to the trading in 327 different ETPs being halted, with most of them being halted more than once.
“The halted ETPs were across various sectors and had different investment objectives. For example, there were ETPs halted that were based on broad indexes, financials, consumer staples, health care, small capitalization, large capitalization (including the S&P 500 Index), currencies and U.S. Treasury bonds. In addition to ETPs based on equities, some of the ETPs were inverse and/or leveraged, which include other derivative instruments as underlying holdings.
“This is not the first time many of these same ETPs have experienced problems. During the May 2010 Flash Crash there were 227 ETPs that had trades busted when the prices fluctuated greater than 60% (many collapsed to virtual zero). On August 24th, there were 81 of these same ETPs that triggered circuit breakers.
“The SPDR S&P 500 ETF (Symbol: SPY) and its sister ETF, the iShares S&P 500 ETF (Symbol: IVV), both tracking the same blue chip companies, deviated from each other. Trading in the IVV triggered two circuit breakers, while the SPY tracked the underlying S&P 500 Index from the opening bell. At the lowest, the SPY priced the S&P 500 Index at 1,829 and the IVV priced the same index at 1,480; a 349 point difference, which would have resulted in an approximate additional loss to all markets of $3.2 trillion based on the IVV's price.
“This is similar to the 2010 Flash Crash, when the IVV became unhinged from the S&P 500 Index and the SPY, causing IVV trades to be busted, while the SPY traded without significant disruption.”
These two anonymous whistleblowers are not the only individuals that are calling attention to the threat to the markets posed by ETFs. While the whistleblowers are providing troves of statistical data and academic reasoning to the SEC, the hedge fund billionaire, Carl Icahn, appeared on CNBC last summer and compared what is happening in the junk bond ETF market to a party bus full of drinking revelers who are about to go over a cliff.
The Office of Financial Research (OFR), a unit of the U.S. Treasury which was created under the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation to provide research to F-SOC on emerging risks in financial markets, included a special section on looming dangers in the ETF market in its 2015 Financial Stability Report. The section was titled: “The Potential Role of ETFs in Generating and Propagating Liquidity Stress.” The report raised an additional troubling aspect in regard to how little regulators actually know about what is going on behind the scenes of the ETF structure. The report notes the following:
“The high concentration of ETF market-making activity reinforces this risk; the top three dealers account for 50 percent of reported trading volume…We note a paucity of reliable data regarding ETF market-making activity, which prevents regulators from fully identifying potential vulnerabilities in this sector. At present, we rely on self-reported statistics that cover approximately half of all ETF trades and do not include ETF liquidity providers other than registered market makers. We point out that market maker concentration and identities of the most active market makers may shift across funds. Also, ETF trading outside exchanges is difficult to track and little data about this segment are available.”
The report goes on to highlight other breathtaking concerns:
“Some of the larger market makers in the ETF market also appear to gain access to liquidity by placing ETF shares as collateral in the repo market. This finding is based on the Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC's) Form N-MFP data on money market fund portfolio holdings. (Incomplete collateral information limits our visibility on the financing of ETF shares in relation to other types of cash investors.) Consequently, a disruption in the dealer funding markets could affect a market maker's ability to finance its inventory in ETF shares and decrease the amount of liquidity it provides to support ETF trading. In May 2015, the SEC released a proposal to collect more granular data from investment companies on their repo market activity, as well as ETF trading activity. This information may provide better visibility into the use of ETF shares as collateral in repo markets.”
Editor's note: The views expressed in this article are solely those of the writer and do not reflect Shoryuken as a whole.
For all the hype that we saw over Evo weekend regarding Smash 4, many players and attendees were not happy with how Smash 4 was treated over the course of the tournament, with many taking to Twitter to vent their displeasure in both constructive and non-constructive ways. In light of the problems, one of the Evo founders Tony Cannon has made a thread on r/smashbros, addressing the cited issues for Smash 4 and asking for constructive criticism about how to improve next year's event. Holding your hands up to problems is admirable and despite the drive to improve Smash 4 for future events, I feel that the treatment of Smash 4 during Evo may be symptomatic of how the wider FGC views the game; it simply has not earned its respect yet.
This is not a question of whether Smash 4 deserves it, it's the fact that outside of the Smash bubble, the community does not have the pull and influence on the FGC that it thinks it does. The lack of a spot on Championship Sunday is most likely due to Smash 4 not having the prestige of Melee and that shunting Melee onto Saturday would do down all of the hard work that community has done to earn the spot. While Melee has had to toil to earn its position among the upper echelon of the fighting game community, Smash 4 has not had to struggle, due to its position as the latest Smash game and its ability to ride the wave of Melee's resurgence after Evo 2013, which was pivotal in getting Smash to where it is now. As such, Smash 4 now expects to walk to the top spot at non Smash-centric events because of its entrance numbers, rather than due to the work the community has put in over other games that may deserve a Sunday slot. This is not to say that people within Smash 4 aren't working extraordinarily hard; it's just that the majority of work is to serve its own community rather than to invite others to join in the fun. Outside of Panda Global, Bear and 2GG, as well as select commentators like D1, TKBreezy and EE who are slaving away to get Smash 4 on the podium alongside Street Fighter, Melee and so on, most other community content is self-serving. There is a severe lack of content which attempts to engage an audience that may not watch every major; instead, it focuses heavily on the dedicated tournament watching/attending crowd.
At the moment, Smash 4 does not have a wide array of personalities, TOs and players who are interacting with the wider FGC to cast a spotlight on why it should be on that Evo Sunday stage with the rest of the heavy hitters. Smash 4 lacks content creators like prog or Tafokints who are doing outreach on sites like Red Bull and ESPN to show the world that this is a game and a community that people should get hype about; instead the community is happy to make things solely for themselves and then complain when things don't go exactly its way. Players like Dream Team's ANTi are trying their hand at games like Street Fighter but more needs to be done to get people off the fence and enjoying Smash 4 along with the already dedicated. The actual action at Evo proved that the game can have those amazing moments and matches which should be written into legend, but if no-one outside of the hardcore cares to watch, Smash 4 will be confined to being the warm up act for those bigger games. Yet, rather than shouting about how amazing the action was, most of the top voices are too busy moaning about how Evo was a mess and that they won't come back. If the only experiences of Smash 4 that the wider FGC experiences is them moaning at every non-Smash event because they didn't get preferential treatment, it's not a case of Smash 4 not returning; other communities will not want them back. Be critical and point out ways to improve as there were flaws about the running of Smash 4 at Evo, but these problems should be a galvanising force to make us do better and prove that not giving the community the proper respect is a massive loss, as losing Smash 4 means losing not only intense viewing, but a community that inspires people to play fighting games.
The community's taking their ball and going home is only going to harm the growing scene because unlike Mortal Kombat or Killer Instinct or Tekken, Smash as a whole lacks something which keeps those games chugging along; developer backing. While Smash does have its own major events like Genesis, Super Smash Con and The Big House, so does every other game on the Evo title card. Killer Instinct has the KI World Cup, Tekken's got King of the Iron Fist Tournament, Street Fighter obviously has the Pro Tour and while Smash has these big events, they are all funded from the community's own pocket, with occasional help from outside organisations. That community needs to grow and expand in scope if Nintendo is not going to provide those pot bonuses and big venues so withdrawing from the big FGC stages, where the eyes of the world are on you, is only going to speed stagnation. Smash will eventually stagnate, mark my words, if there isn't a constant stream of cash from either Nintendo or outside organisations, as other games will rapidly outpace Smash in terms of scope and prize pots. As much as it is quaint to think that the love of the game will keep people competing; top players need to keep food on the table and sponsors need to see Smash as a worthy investment and retreating from some of the world's largest stages is only going to put people off pumping money in. Sure, Nintendo of America may send setups and retweet a stream or two and I personally know that Nintendo UK does help out with eShop vouchers for smaller tournaments, but the continued lack of a concerted effort by the whole of Nintendo to publicly support Smash with money means that the gears will stop turning eventually. Outside organisations can keep games on life support but that's just prolonging the inevitable. Melee has a better chance of long-term survival as the game has pretty much become institutionalised in the eyes of the FGC, but unless Nintendo pulls its finger out with the NX and makes a big push to openly support eSports, Smash 4 is especially in danger of being left behind as the eSports train thunders towards the big money.
The attitude towards Evo I think needs to change as well, as this view of it being the tournament of tournaments is not really helping anyone at this point. Rather than seeing it as the world's biggest stage and the true test of who is the best player, it should instead be viewed as one big advert for why spectators and other FG players should attend your own dedicated tournaments. Rather than being the World Cup, it should be the Olympics; a big show tournament where money isn't really the objective but showing off your top talent is. The goal should be to convert as many as possible, so that they do come to your own tournaments where you run the proper rulesets and can really show off how the game is played. Moreover, it should be a celebration of fighting games as a whole where everyone meets to enjoy each other's company, rather than a place where you only stick to your own community. Just look at how many people have been turned to Street Fighter V after LI Joe's performance at Evo. Those who did not care to look were made to look by just how engaging top level Street Fighter was, by the community reaction, level of play and the storylines which were feeding into the top 8. Smash 4 needs to make itself as equally irresistible, either by producing content for outsiders to fuel the hype, engaging with other communities to get them on side or making the action something that you simply cannot turn away from. It doesn't matter how many entrants you have to your tournament, if no-one else wants to look in and swell your numbers. Evo 2016 cracked the door open for the rest of the FGC to really hit the big time (just look at the viewing figures for SFV finals on both ESPN 2 and Twitch) so running away from that opportunity now would be colossally stupid.
Source: r/smashbros
On Tuesday, John Mayer unveiled a new song, called “Paper Doll,” that many on the Internet figured was written about their erstwhile girlfriend Taylor Swift—perhaps as a late rebuttal to their 2010 lyrical open letter “Dear John.” MTV and various gossip outlets argued that Mayer's line “Someone's gonna paint you another sky” was a callback to the “Dear John” lyric “You paint me a blue sky and go back and turn it to rain.” They also suggested that Mayer's “You're like 22 girls in one” was a clear reference to Swift's “22” single, which was released earlier this year.
Not satisfied by mere textual analysis, however, V.F.'s resident Taylor Swift historian, Sarah Ball, scoured through our Swift archives for other similarities. There they uncovered five photographic clues that suggest that the flighty clotheshorse Mayer writes about in “Paper Doll” is indeed the coy singer-songwriter. Ahead, the scarf, mint-green dress, and other wardrobe items that could be the source material for Mayer's “Paper Doll.”
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
(CNN) -- GLAAD has declared Thursday, October 16, to be #SpiritDay and is asking everyone to wear purple to protest bullying and to show support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth.
"Observed annually since 2010, individuals, schools, organizations, corporations, and public figures wear purple, which symbolizes 'spirit' on the rainbow flag," GLAAD's site explains.
Eight out of 10 LGBT youths report being bullied, according to the organization.
Several celebrities, including "Orange is the New Black" actor Laverne Cox, have stepped up for #SpiritDay, donning purple clothing or tinting their profile photos purple for the cause. This year, Cox became the first transgender person to be nominated for an Emmy.
Morning news anchors across the country wore purple this morning in support of the cause. WFAA's Alexa Conomos posed with the Dallas station's meteorologist Colleen Coyle.
The cast of BBC America's "Orphan Black" put together a short video asking people around the globe to wear purple on October 16. Fans of the show use the hashtag #Clonesbians in support of its LGBT characters: main character Sarah's foster brother, lesbian clone Cosima and transgender clone Tony.
ABC Family tweeted a photo of actor Lucy Hale, who plays Aria Montgomery on the hit show "Pretty Little Liars," in a purple T-shirt.
The cast of ABC Family's "The Fosters," about a lesbian couple raising their blended family, got into #SpiritDay as well.
This mom's #TBT, or Throwback Thursday, post takes a stance against bullying.
If there was ever a movie with an anti-bullying message, it's "Mean Girls." Instead of wearing pink like the Plastics, you can wear purple to support LGBT youth.
Iran's state TV on Monday broadcast footage purported to show an Israeli drone the country's Revolutionary Guard claimed to have shot down over the weekend near an Iranian nuclear site.
The brief video, aired on the Arabic-language Al-Alam TV, shows what the channel says are parts of the drone, scattered in an unidentified desert area.
A scroll accompanying the footage says the drone was downed on Saturday and identifies it as a Hermes 450, a known Israeli model. The Iranian TV also says the model is dubbed “Spy Goddess.”
However, there were no visible Israeli markings on the aircraft in the footage and Israel's military has declined comment on the matter. Calls by The Associated Press to Iranian officials for details on the drone were not immediately returned. The aircraft was not shown to foreign media.
The incident comes as Iran negotiates with world powers over its controversial nuclear program and Iranian hard-liners press moderate President Hassan Rowhani to demand more concessions before limiting the country's atomic capabilities. Israel has not ruled out taking military action against Iran's nuclear facilities if its capability to build an atomic weapon progresses.
The West suspects Iran's nuclear program is geared toward building a nuclear weapon. Iran denies the charge, saying its nuclear activities are for peaceful purposes only, such as power generation and medical research.
The Guard statement on Sunday said its forces fired a missile as the drone neared Iran's uranium enrichment facility in Natanz, some 240 kilometers (150 miles) south of the capital, Tehran, without providing more details.
On Monday, Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh, head of the Guard's airspace division, insisted that the drone was Israeli, though they said its last flight did not originate in Israel.
Hajizadeh said the drone's range was about 800 kilometers (500 miles) and that it had two front and side cameras capable of providing high-resolution panoramic imaging. Israel is about 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) away from Iran's westernmost boundary and Natanz is about 600 kilometers (370 miles) inland from the closest border point in Iran.
“The operational range of the drone indicates it did not start its flight in Israel but departed from a country in the region,” they said, adding cryptically, “We have some clues.”
While Israeli officials refused to comment on the Iranian claim, Israel is known to possess a vast collection of sophisticated surveillance aircraft, including the Hermes. However, the aircraft's maker, Elbit, says the Hermes has a range of only 300 kilometers (200 miles), which would put Iran outside of its range.
Israel considers the Iranian nuclear program a grave threat, believing the Iranians are trying to develop a nuclear weapon, and Israeli intelligence closely monitors the program.
The Tehran program has been the target of espionage and sabotage efforts in the past. In 2010, the so-called Stuxnet virus temporarily disrupted operation of thousands of centrifuges, key components in nuclear fuel production, at Natanz.
Iran says it and other computer virus attacks are part of a concerted effort by Israel, the U.S. and their allies to undermine its nuclear program through covert operations. Israel has never commented on the allegations but is widely believed to have been involved in the Stuxnet attack.
Since then, Iran has also said that it discovered tiny timed explosives planted on centrifuges but disabled them before they could go off.
On Monday, Asghar Zarean deputy head of Iran's atomic department, told the semi-official ISNA news agency that some of the malware discovered over the past month had targeted a nuclear facility that went online over the weekend.
They were likely referring to the plant in the central city of Isfahan inaugurated on Saturday. Under an interim nuclear deal with the world powers, the facility will convert a type of uranium into a material that cannot be used to make nuclear weapons.
“It's obvious to us that countries like Germany, France and Britain under leadership of the United States are involved in efforts to disturb our activities,” said Zarean.
Last Update: Tuesday, 26 August 2014 KSA 00:02 - GMT 21:02
Over 200,000 people light up Bucharest's Victoriei Square in the biggest protest Romania has seen in years
More than 200,000 people lit up their mobile phones in Bucharest's Victoriei Square at 21:00 on Sunday evening, in the biggest anti-Government protests Romania has seen in the last 25 years. This amazing photo was taken by Dan Mihai Balanescu, a local photographer who has managed to capture the amplitude of the protests taking place these days with their aerial shots of the square.
Although the Government repealed on Sunday the controversial emergency ordinance that weakened the anticorruption fight in Romania, which got hundreds of thousands of people to the streets in Romania in the past five days, the protests continued for the sixth day in a row, setting new records.
See PSD leader Liviu Dragnea's answer to the historical protests in Romania targeting their Government and party.
The square in front of the Government's building in Bucharest was so full that the subway trains couldn't even stop in the Victoriei Station any more. The boulevards around the square were also full. Videos of the square lit up at 21:00 like this one became viral on Facebook.
Here's another one uploaded by Romania's public television TVR1
And another one by Stirileprotv.ro
Besides the 200,000 people in Bucharest, or even 250,000 according to some estimates, there were 40,000 people in the streets in Cluj-Napoca, 37,000 in Timisoara, 33,000 in Sibiu, 30,000 in Iasi, and thousands in other cities, according to local Digi24.ro.
The protesters now ask for the Government's resignation. However, Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu said on Sunday evening that they wouldn't resign and that the only way their Government can be removed is if the Parliament votes a no-confidence motion against it.
Update: At 22:00, the crowd in Bucharest's Victoriei Square reached almost 300,000 people, according to Romania's public television TVR. Moreover, there were 50,000 protesters in Cluj-Napoca, and 40,000 in Timisoara, and close to 600,000 all over Romania. The country hasn't seen such ample protests in the last 25 years.
editor@romania-insider.com
As we reported yesterday , Apple is now selling contract-free iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in retail stores and online. Following historic pattern, the 16 GB base model iPhone 6 costs $649 with higher tiers costing $100 extra. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $749.
Unlocked iPhones can be activated for use any carrier, AT&T, Sprint, Verizon or T-Mobile. Apple usually launches unlocked models of their phones a couple of months after normal debut, but this year it seems slightly delayed. This may reflect continued strong demand (and hence, low supply) of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus generation. Unlocked iPhone 6 and 6 Plus ships in 3 – 5 business days. For comparison, most subsidised options ship in 1 business day.
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial
Apple sold a record ten million phones in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus opening weekend, a remarkable achievement that Tim Cook described as being ‘way up' year-on-year. Apple will report full-quarter iPhone sales numbers on 27th January, in its earnings call for the holiday quarter. Revenue is forecast to exceed $63.5 billion dollars.
Picking a favorite superhero is tough. But as of today thanks to good, not-so-old-fashioned Google Trends analytics, we know one thing for certain: Batman is the most popular superhero in the world – on YouTube at least.
Logging more than 3 billion views of more than 71,000 hours of video, the Dark Knight is almost a billion views ahead of the next most popular hero—Thor—based on data released today by YouTube. Coming up close behind Thor is Superman, with 1.7 billion views and counting, and close behind the Man of Steel is Iron Man, the Avengers, and Wolverine. (Google's analysis only looked at the specific name of each character, so nicknames like Man of Steel and Dark Knight weren't counted in the totals.)
“If YouTube popularity can determine who'll win the upcoming Batman vs. Superman movie, your views and uploads put Batman as the clear winner,” the video-sharing site wrote on the YouTube Trends blog today. “Based on keyword searches, Batman is the most popular of all superheroes on YouTube.”
All told, the top 10 superheroes on YouTube have amassed more than 10 billion views and some 234,000 hours of video, and even though Batman may “the one man who beat” Superman in overall searches since YouTube launched in 2005, their status has fallen a bit since 2008—overcome by searches for Thor, Iron Man, and the rest of the Avengers.
Some of this data seems fairly obvious–most of the search spikes each hero's timeline correlate to the release of films about that character or group of characters (in the case of the Avengers)—but there are a few interesting and unexpected tidbits. For example, Superman, despite being consistently popular (lots of Smallville fans out there?) and coming in third place, never really sees a huge bump in interest. There was a small jump in June when Man of Steel was released, but nothing like the leap Iron Man saw a month earlier around the release of Iron Man 3.
It's also surprising that Spider-Man, who has had a string of successful films in the last few years—all with their name in the title—actually comes in at No. 7, with 340 million views, and Captain America, who had their own film and is an Avenger, is behind him. It's also interesting that after those two not-so-super heroes and the Justice League, which is getting a film in 2017, sits Deadpool—the off-kilter anti-hero with no movie (yet) but a loyal following. The analytics don't reveal why the searches were done (obviously) but it's possible folks were looking for tidbits from the Marvel character's videogame or simply trying figure out who this “Deadpool” is that everyone's talking about. Either way, he's got a lot of catching up to do before they ever reaches Batman status.
Check out videos for the most popular superheroes—and an interactive chart of their performance since 2008—below.
To conclude their series, Antonio Pappano looks at five of Puccini's operas - La Boheme, Tosca, Madame Butterfly, Gianni Schicchi and Turandot.
Three-part series tracing the history of Italian opera presented by Antonio Pappano, conductor and music director at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. The series features sumptuous music, stunning Italian locations and some of the biggest names in opera as contributors.
The final episode is devoted to Puccini, the worthy successor to Verdi. Puccini's operas are cinematic in their scale with ravishing, passionate and clever music, as they took Italian opera into the 20th century.
Pappano looks at five of Puccini's most popular operas - La Boheme, Tosca, Madame Butterfly, Gianni Schicchi and Turandot. They travel to Rome to meet stage director Franco Zeffirelli and talk about Puccini and Zeffirelli's famous production of Turandot.
Pappano also talks to one of the great Puccini interpreters, the soprano Renata Scotto, about the composer, Madame Butterfly and the role of Mimi in La Boheme. Also featured are soprano Angela Gheorghiu, tenors Jonas Kaufmann and Roberto Alagna and baritone Sir Thomas Allen.
CNN's new series i-List takes you to a different country each month. In June, we visit Poland focusing on changes shaping the country's economy, culture and its social fabric.
(CNN) -- While the rest of Europe has battled with recession, Poland remained the only country to keep its head above water.
Its growth did slow to a crawl, but avoided full recession thanks to its very low private debt, robust domestic demand and flexible currency.
Poland's economy grew by 1.7 percent last year, while all others in Europe except Malta shrank. The forecast for 2010 is two percent growth.
Rafal Szajewski, Project Manager of the Polish Foreign Investment Agency, said: "Many of our neighbors suffered in the global downturn because they rely heavily on exports, but we have large demand from our domestic market. For many years, Poland didn't have a middle class, but in the last 10 years that has changed and there's a strong internal market."
Szajewski said Poland's economy was shifting from manufacturing and now saw its future in services industries such as IT.
Like most of the world, however, Poland is struggling against a budget deficit. Its deficit this year is expected to be seven percent of GDP and international credit agencies have warned its credit rating may suffer if it is not tackled.
Matteo Napolitano Senior Economist for Central and Eastern Europe at the Economist Intelligence Unit, said: "Although the budget deficit is not unduly high, there doesn't seem to be the impetus towards consolidation as there has been in other countries.
"Possibly Poland's claim to fame as the only economy to grow last year has made policy-makers a bit complacent," they told CNN.
Poland's policy of economic liberalization since 1990 allowed it to grow about five percent a year up to 2009, according to the CIA World Factbook, which describes the country as a "success story among the transition economies."
The economy has been boosted by EU funds since its membership in 2004.
However, unemployment is still above the European average at 11 percent and reducing unemployment is a key priority for economists.
Leszek Balcerowicz, former President of the National Bank of Poland was the architect of Poland's deep economic reforms after the collapse of communism in 1989.
Balcerowicz, now Professor of Economics at Warsaw University, told CNN: "We need to look at win-win reforms. And win-win reforms are everything that raises the level of employment, including raising the retirement age."
In the past years many such reforms fell victim to political infighting, and many economists see the upcoming second round of the presidential elections as crucial to breaking that logjam.
Among Poland's thriving companies is Polpharma, the country's largest producer of pharmaceuticals, whose production lines are running close to full capacity.
"We are investing into new technologies, into the people, into assets, just to introduce new products and launch in different countries," said Tomasz Moys, a director of Polpharma.
Poland's economy could receive a big boost if reserves of shale gas are found in the north of the country. Exploration has just begun, but international companies believe there could be large reserves.
Kamlesh Parmar, Country Manager for Lane Energy Poland, said: "We have a million acres in this part of the world and we hope that our testing will show that a lot of that is prospective."
Last month I raved about my new favorite VR Video player, DEO VR. However, it was available only to the Oculus Rift at the time. Little later than planned, DEO VR is now available for the HTC Vive with a few extras and a few caveats too.
We didn't want to release the player without getting these features ready. That is why we had to postpone a few times. Rift version will be updated to Vive functionality during the next week.
New Features Added to DEO VR
IPD adjustment
Zoom
Tilt
Subtitles (subtitle filename should match video filename)
Playback speed (yep, you can have it in slo-mo)
Fisheye videos correct playback (say hi to NaughtyAmerica videos)
Force monoscopic
Contrast/Brightness/Saturation
Antialiasing settings
Background color selection
Mirror mode toggle
Supersampling
Those hoping for VR 360-degree YouTube videos will need to wait a little longer. The YouTube feature is only available on the Oculus Rift. The new features listed above will be coming to the Oculus Rift shortly.
HTC Vive DEO VR Controls
DEO VR is controlled by either an XBox controller or the HTC hand controllers.
DEO VR can be downloaded for the very special price of FREE directly from their site.
Related: DEO VR is the new King of the Hill of VR Video Players (Oculus Rift)
If you watched Nxt since it came out you know it's been languishing price-wise for some time. For most of 2016 Nxt has stayed under $0.01. That all changed on June 19th when Nxt announced Ardor. Since then Nxt has risen to its current price of roughly $0.03.
So what is Ardor?
Ardor is Nxt's new child chain platform, which incorporates the technologies from the Nxt blockchain. Ardor is about making a blockchain platform that is open to everyone. Anyone can create their own child chain and interact with the whole blockchain ecosystem.
Features of Ardor:
Blockchain-as-a-Service
Manageable Blockchain Size - Ardor plans to solve the problem of scalability by separating transactions and data that do not affect security from those that do, and moving all of those that don't affect security onto child chains.
Decentralized Asset Exchange
Decentralized Voting and Governance Systems
Phased Transactions - Users can set multiple conditions before a transaction is executed.
The Benefits of Ardor
First, anyone can use Ardor, from regular users to banks and corporations, while still interacting with the Nxt blockchain and platform.
To me this is the key benefit. All the child chains are secured by the parent chain. That means individuals and companies can create a blockchain without the hassle of creating a well-secured cryptocurrency or maintaining a network for it.
Second, Ardor addresses the scalability problem by separating transactions and data that do not affect security from those that do, and moving all of those that don't affect security onto child chains.
And third, Ardor will feature smart contracts. That means users can set multiple variables before a transaction is processed.
So how do you get some Ardor?
How to Get Ardor
You can participate in Ardor right away. To do so simply buy some Nxt. The amount of Ardor tokens received will be at a 1:1 ratio.
Here's how it works… Between July 14th and October 12th snapshots of all Nxt accounts will be taken. Your total Nxt will be averaged, and you'll receive that amount in Ardor tokens on October 12th.
A few things to keep in mind. Don't forget to account for the time factor. For example, I have 10,000 Nxt tokens and am expected to receive 7,700 on October 12th (provided I keep that balance). The reason it's 7,700 and not 10,000 is that I purchased the tokens after July 14th. So to get a true 1:1 you will need to have owned during the entire period.
The other issue to consider is where you hold Nxt. If you hold Nxt on exchange I'm not sure how they would know it's yours. So make sure to keep your Nxt in a Nxt wallet.
In addition to the Ardor tokens that users will receive, there will be another recording righ before the launch of Ardor where users will get 0.5 dedicated child chain tokens for every Nxt owned.
The first child chain on Ardor will be one much like the Nxt blockchain itself to showcase the features that will be available on other child chains.
If you're interested in Nxt check out my previous articles:
Nxt cryptocurrency, what is Nxt?
Nxt and proof of stake
The features of Nxt
How to Get Nxt
You'll want to start by getting yourself some bitcoin. I use Coinbase
Then you'll need a Nxt wallet. You can get one at MyNXT.info
One way to purchase Nxt is through a cryptocurrency exchange such as Poloniex. You transfer bitcoin to Poloniex and then buy Nxt on the exchange. For safety keep the Nxt in your Nxt wallet.
The other option is to use ShapeShift. It's a way to exchange cryptocurrencies without signing up for an exchange.
#cryptocurrency #Nxt #blockchain #crypto-news
After more than seven years with the Chicago Fire, attacking midfielder Chris Rolfe is headed to the nation's capital after they were traded to D.C. United on Wednesday in exchange for allocation money.
A veteran of 178 regular-season games in MLS, all with the Fire, Rolfe has scored at least four goals in every season of their career. They missed two games this March with a bruised foot, but returned as a substitute in Saturday's 2-2 tie against D.C. United. Rolfe also played and scored in a reserve friendly against the NASL's Indy Eleven on Tuesday night at Purdue University.
“The allocation money that we received in this trade will give us more flexibility and freedom moving forward,” Fire head coach Frank Yallop said in a club statement. “It's always difficult to part ways with someone who has been part of the club for multiple years, but with our existing depth, we felt that this was the right move to make.”
Rolfe is an Ohio native who was drafted by the Fire in the third round of the 2005 SuperDraft after playing collegiate soccer at the University of Dayton.
After twice leading Chicago in scoring (2005, 2008), they left MLS to play for Aalborg in the Danish Superliga in January 2010. They returned to the club in April 2012 and was named Fire MVP after once again leading the Fire in scoring.
Rolfe has also made 10 appearances for the US national team.
D.C. United has seen its midfield limited by injuries to attacking catalysts Chris Pontius and Luis Silva, who reports say "might miss a month" due to an ankle injury suffered on Saturday against Chicago.
Nothing official yet, but hearing D.C. United's Luis Silva might miss a month with ankle injury #dcu — Steven Goff (@SoccerInsider) April 1, 2014
“Chris brings great technical ability as well as national team and European experience to our club,” said D.C. United general manager Dave Kasper in a club statement. “He plays with a high soccer IQ and will give us more options in our attack.”
Rolfe is the ninth acquisition by D.C. United from inside the league since the end of last season.
This design patent from 2013 covers the ornamental design for the Model X. The Tesla Model X is a full-sized, all-electric, luxury, crossover SUV made by Tesla Inc. that uses falcon wing doors for access to the second and third row seats. The prototype was unveiled at Tesla's design studios in Los Angeles on February 9, 2012. The Model X has an official EPA rated 237–295 mi (381–475 km) range and the combined fuel economy equivalent and energy consumption for the AWD P90D was rated at 89 mpg-e (23 kWh/100 km or 39 kWh/100 mi).
The Model X was developed from the full-sized sedan platform of the Tesla Model S; both are being produced at the Tesla Factory in Fremont, California. First deliveries of the Model X began in September 2015.
"Crabbuckit" is a single by Canadian hip hop musician k-os, released in 2004 as the first single from their album Joyful Rebellion, and is the fourth track on the album. The title and work refers to the crab in the bucket syndrome where a group of crabs will pull down any crab that tries to escape, thereby ensuring their collective demise.
The song won the Juno Award for Single of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2005, and was the first hip hop song ever to win the Juno in that category.
Music video [ edit ]
k-os walks down streets in Toronto, wearing sunglasses that allow them to see individual people who are crabs in disguise and they perform in a club. Both Nelly Furtado and Red1 (from Rascalz) make a brief cameo appearance in the music video. Nelly Furtado can be seen playing guitar in front of a house block and Red1 can be seen in the bar sitting beside k-os.
Chart performance [ edit ]
The single reached number 23 on the Canadian Singles Chart. The video also made No. 1 on the MuchMusic Countdown for two weeks in 2004. The song was also named the 37th greatest Canadian song of all time in the 2005 CBC Radio series 50 Tracks: The Canadian Version.
Peak chart positions [ edit ]
Covers [ edit ]
The song was covered by Canadian folk/country trio The Good Lovelies on their 2011 album Let the Rain Fall.[2]
1 — Control Panel 2 — Range 3 — Input Lag & Test Methodology 4 — G-SYNC Ceiling vs. V-SYNC 5 — G-SYNC Ceiling vs. FPS Limit 6 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC OFF w/FPS Limit 7 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC w/FPS Limit 8 — G-SYNC vs. Fast Sync 9 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC OFF 10 — G-SYNC Fullscreen vs. Borderless/Windowed 11 — In-game vs. External FPS Limiters 12 — External FPS Limiter HOWTO 13 — Hidden Benefits of High Refresh Rate G-SYNC 14 — Optimal G-SYNC Settings & Conclusion 15 — Closing FAQ
Test Setup
High Speed Camera Casio Exilim EX-ZR200 w/1000 FPS 224x64px video capture Display Acer Predator XB252Q 240Hz w/G-SYNC (1920×1080) Mouse Razer Deathadder Chroma modified w/external LED . Nvidia Driver 381.78 Nvidia Control Panel Default settings (“Prefer maximum performance” enabled) . OS Windows 10 Home 64-bit (Creators Update) Motherboard ASRock Z87 Extreme4 Power Supply EVGA SuperNOVA 750 W G2 Heatsink Hyper 212 Evo w/2x Noctua NF-F12 fans CPU i7-4770k @4.2GHz w/Hyper-Threading enabled (8 cores, unparked: 4 physical/4 virtual) GPU EVGA GTX 1080 FTW GAMING ACX 3.0 w/8GB VRAM & 1975MHz Boost Clock Sound Card Creative Sound Blaster Z (optical audio) RAM 16GB G.SKILL Sniper DDR3 @1866 MHz (dual-channel: 9-10-9-28, 2T) SSD (OS) 256GB Samsung 850 Pro HDD (Games) 5TB Western Digital Black 7200 RPM w/128 MB cache . Test Game #1 Overwatch w/the lowest settings, “Reduced Buffering” enabled Test Game #2 Counter-Strike: Global Offensive w/the lowest settings, “Multicore Rendering” disabled
Introduction
The input lag testing method used in this article was pioneered by Blur Buster's Mark Rejhon, and originally featured in their 2014 Preview of NVIDIA G-SYNC, Part #2 (Input Lag) article. It has become the standard among testers since, and is used by a variety of sources across the web.
Middle Screen vs. First On-screen Reaction
In my original input lag tests featured in this thread on the Blur Busters Forums, I measured middle screen (crosshair-level) reactions at a single refresh rate (144Hz), and found that both V-SYNC OFF and G-SYNC, at the same framerate within the refresh rate, delivered frames to the middle of the screen at virtually the same time. This still holds true.
However, while middle screen measurements are a common and fully valid input lag testing method, they are limited in what they can reveal, and do not account for the first on-screen reaction, which can mask the subtle and not so subtle differences in frame delivery between V-SYNC OFF and various syncing solutions; a reason why I opted to capture the entire screen this time around.
Due to the differences between the two test methods, V-SYNC OFF results generated from first on-screen measurements, especially at lower refresh rates (for reasons that will later be explained), can appear to have up to twice the input lag reduction of middle screen readings:
As the diagram shows, this is because the measurement of the first on-screen reaction is begun at the start of the frame scan, whereas the measurement of the middle screen reaction is begun at crosshair-level, where, with G-SYNC, the in-progress frame scan is already half completed, and with V-SYNC OFF, can be at various percentages of completion, depending on the given refresh rate/framerate offset.
When V-SYNC OFF is directly compared to FPS-limited G-SYNC at crosshair-level, even with V-SYNC OFF's framerate at up to 3x times above the refresh rate, middle screen readings are virtually a wash (the results in this article included). But, as will be detailed further in, V-SYNC OFF can, for a lack of better terms, “defeat” the scanout by beginning the next frame scan in the previous scanout.
With V-SYNC OFF at -2 FPS below the refresh rate, for instance (the scenario used to compare V-SYNC OFF directly against G-SYNC in this article), the tearline will continuously roll downwards, which means, when measured by first on-screen reactions, its advantage over G-SYNC can be anywhere from 0 to 1/2 frame, depending on the ever-fluctuating position of the tearline between samples. With middle screen readings, the initial position of the tearline(s), and thus, its advantage, is effectively ignored.
These differences should be kept in mind when inspecting the upcoming results, with the method featured in this article being the best case scenario for V-SYNC OFF, and the worst case scenario for synced when directly compared to V-SYNC OFF, G-SYNC included.
Test Methodology
To further facilitate the first on-screen reaction method, I've changed sample capture from muzzle flash to strafe for Overwatch (credit goes to Battle(non)sense for the initial suggestion) and look for CS:GO, which triggers horizontal updates across the entire screen. The strafe/look mechanics are also more consistent from click to click, and less prone to the built-in variable delay experienced from shot to shot with the previous method.
To ensure a proper control environment for testing, and rule out as many variables as possible, the Nvidia Control Panel settings (but for “Power management mode” set to “Prefer maximum performance”) were left at defaults, all background programs were closed, and all overlays were disabled, as was the Creators Update's newly introduced “Game Mode,” and .exe Compatibility option “fullscreen optimizations,” along with the existing “Game bar” and “Game DVR” options.
To guarantee extraneous mouse movements didn't throw off input reads during rapid clicks, masking tape was placed over the sensor of the modified test mouse (Deathadder Chroma), and a second mouse (Deathadder Elite) was used to navigate the game menus and get into place for sample capture.
To emulate lower maximum refresh rates on the native 240Hz Acer Predator XB252Q, “Preferred refresh rate” was set to “Application-controlled” when G-SYNC was enabled, and the refresh rate was manually adjusted as needed in the game options (Overwatch), or on the desktop (CS:GO) before launch.
And, finally, to validate and track the refresh rate, framerate, and the syncing solution in use for each scenario, the in-game FPS counter, Nvidia Control Panel's G-SYNC Indicator, and the display's built-in refresh rate meter were active at all times.
Testing was performed with a Casio Exilim EX-ZR200 capable of 1000 FPS high speed video capture (accurate within 1ms), and a Razer Deathadder Chroma modified with an external LED (credit goes to Chief Blur Buster for the mod), which lights up on left click, and has a reactive variance of <1ms.
To compensate for the camera's low 224×64 pixel video resolution, a bright image with stark contrast between foreground and background, and thin vertical elements that could easily betray horizontal movement across the screen, were needed for reliable discernment of first reactions after click.
For Overwatch, Genji was used due to their smaller viewmodel and ability to scale walls, and an optimal spot on the game's Practice Range was found that met the asupervisorstioned criteria. Left click was mapped to strafe left, in-game settings were at the lowest available, and “Reduced Buffering” was enabled to ensure the lowest input latency possible.
For CS:GO, a custom map provided by the Blur Busters Forum's lexlazootin was used, which strips all unnecessary elements (time limits, objectives, assets, viewmodel, etc), and contains a lone white square suspended in a black void, that when positioned just right, allows the slightest reactions to be accurately spotted via the singular vertical black and white separation. Left click was mapped to look left, in-game settings were at the lowest available, and “Multicore Rendering” was disabled to ensure the lowest input latency possible.
For capture, the Acer Predator XB252Q (LED fixed to its left side) was recorded as the mouse was clicked a total of ten times. To average out differences between runs, this process was repeated four times per scenario, and each game was restarted after each run.
Once all scenarios were recorded, the .mov format videos, containing ten samples each, were inspected in QuickTime using its built-in frame counter and single frame stepping function via the arrows keys. The video was jogged through until the LED lit up, at which point the frame number was input into an Excel spreadsheet. Frames (thanks to 1000 FPS video capture, represent a literal 1ms each) were then stepped through until the first reaction was spotted on-screen, where, again, the frame number was input into the spreadsheet. This generated the total delay in milliseconds from left click to first on-screen reaction, and the process was repeated per video, ad nauseam.
All told, 508 videos weighing in at 17.5GB, with an aggregated (albeit slow-motion) 45 hour and 40 minute runtime, were recorded across 2 games and 6 refresh rates, containing a total of 42 scenarios, 508 runs, and 5080 individual samples. My original Excel spreadsheet is available for download here, and can also be viewed online here.
To preface, the following results and explanations assume that the native resolution w/default timings are in use on a single monitor in exclusive fullscreen mode, paired with a single-GPU desktop system that can sustain the framerate above the refresh rate at all times.
This article does not seek to measure the impact of input lag differences incurred by display, input device, CPU or GPU overclocks, RAM timings, disk drives, drivers, BIOS, OS, or in-game graphical settings. And the baseline numbers represented in the results are not indicative of, and should not be expected to be replicable on other systems, which will vary in configuration, specs, and the games being run.
This article seeks only to measuring the impact V-SYNC OFF, G-SYNC, V-SYNC, and Fast Sync, paired with various framerate limiters, have on frame delivery and input lag, and the differences between them; the results of which are replicable across setups.
+/- 1ms differences between identical scenarios in the following charts are usually within margin of error, while +/- 1ms differences between separate scenarios are usually measurable, and the error margin may not apply. And finally, all mentions of “V-SYNC (NVCP)” in the denoted scenarios signify that the Nvidia Control Panel's “Vertical sync” entry was set to “On,” and “V-SYNC OFF” or “G-SYNC + V-SYNC ‘Off'” signify that “Use the 3D application setting” was applied w/V-SYNC disabled in-game.
So, without further ado, onto the results…
Input Lag: Not All Frames Are Created Equal
When it is said that there is “1 frame” or “2 frames” of delay, what does that actually mean? In this context, a “frame” signifies the total time a rendered frame takes to be displayed completely on-screen. The worth of a single frame is dependent on the display's maximum native refresh rate. At 60Hz, a frame is worth 16.6ms, at 100Hz: 10ms, 120Hz: 8.3ms, 144Hz: 6.9ms, 200Hz: 5ms, and 240Hz: 4.2ms, continuing to decrease in worth as the refresh rate increases.
With double buffer V-SYNC, there is typically a 2 frame delay when the framerate exceeds the refresh rate, but this isn't always the case. Overwatch, even with “Reduced Buffering” enabled, can have up to 4 frames of delay with double buffer V-SYNC engaged.
The chart above depicts anywhere from 3 to 3 1/2 frames of added delay. At 60Hz, this is significant, at up to 58.1ms of additional input lag. At 240Hz, where a single frame is worth far less (4.2ms), a 3 1/2 frame delay is comparatively insignificant, at up to 14.7ms.
In other words, a “frame” of delay is relative to the refresh rate, and dictates how much or how little of a delay is incurred per, a constant which should be kept in mind going forward.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT rt SO WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?KETV NEWSWATCH 7'S ALEXANDRASTONE IS LIVE WITH TONIGHT'S BIGSTORY.ALEXANDRA: SAYS SALES OF THETHE ATTORNEY GENERAL'Srt OFFICECONTROLLED SUBSTANCE CANNABIDIOL, COMMONLY REFERRED TOASrt CBD, COMPELLED THEM TO ISSUEA MEMO.BUT THE OWNER OF THIS CBDAMERICAN SHAMAN LOCATION SAYSTHEY'RE NOT DOING ANYTHINGILLEGAL.LESS THAN TWO WEEKS AFTER STORESrtSELLING CAN A VIDEO -- SELLINGCANNABIDIOLrt HEMP PRODUCTS OPENEDUP IN THE METRO NEBRASKA'S, ATTORNEY GENERAL SENDS AMESSAGE ABOUT THE BUSINESS.>>rt WE AGREE WITH THE ATTORNEYGENERAL'S OPINION.ALEXANDRA: THE NEBRASKA ATTORNEYGENERAL SENT THIS MEMO TO LAWENFORCEMENT AND COUNTY ATTORNEYSrt.IT SAYS IN PART, "TO DATE NODRUG PRODUCTS CONTAININGCANNABIDIOL HAVE RECEIVED FDAAPPROVAL.THEREFORE CANNABIDIOL OR ANYPRODUCT CONTAINING CANNABIDIOLOBTAINED BY ANY MEANS OTHER THANTHE AUTHORIZED UNMC STUDY,rtREMAINS ILLEGAL TO POSSESS,MANUFACTURE, OR DISTRIBUTE.>> WE AGREE THAT THE STATUTEWOULD INCLUDE CBD'S SOTECHNICALLY IT WOULD BE UNDER ArtVIOLATION OF POSSESSION OFMARIJUANA.ALEXANDRA: BUT DONALD ANDERSONOWNER OF THE CBD AMERICAN SHAMANLOCATION AT 20TH AND P SAYSTHATS NOT WHAT They Sell.>>rt THEY ARE CLASSIFYING WHAT I'MSELLING AS A MARIJUANA PRODUCTWHICH IT IS NOT.,rtIT IS AN INDUSTRIAL HEMPPRODUCT.ALEXANDRA: ANDERSON SAYS HEMPPRODUCTS AND CANNABIDIOL FROMTHE HEMP PLANT ARE LEGAL AS LONGASrt THE THC IS LESS THAN 3%.HE ALSO ARGUES IF Their PRODUCTSARE ILLEGAL, SO ARE MANY OTHERCOSMETIC AND FOOD ITEMS SOLDrtAROUND THE COUNTRY.>> WALMARTS, TARGETS.THEY HAVE HEMP SEED OIL ANDINDUSTRIAL HEMP, THE SAME THINGTHAT IS IN MY PRODUCT, IN THEIRrtPRODUCTS AND THESE ARE SOLD, NATIONWIDE IN MAJOR CHAINSTORES.ALEXANDRA:rt THE MEMO MENTIONS AFOUR YEAR STUDY OF CBD THATSHAPPENIErtNG RIGHT NOW AT UNMC BUTTHE UNIVERSITY DECLINED TOCOMMENT.NOW THE MEMO SAYS LAWENFORCEMENT AGENICES SHOULD
Advertisement Nebraska Attorney General issues memo regarding sales of cannabidiol products The Nebraska Attorney General said cannabidiol or any products containing cannabidiol remain illegal Share Copy Link Copy
Less than two weeks after stores started selling cannabidiol hemp products in the Omaha metro, Nebraska's Attorney General sent a memo to law enforcement and county attorneys about the products. The memo said in part "recent reports of potential sales of the controlled substance cannabidiol, commonly referred to as CBD, compels the Nebraska Attorney General's Office, in conjunction with the Nebraska State Patrol, to issue the following clarification regarding legality of cannabidiol under Nebraksa law." It went on to reference several state statutes, and said "To date no drug products containing cannabidiol have received FDA approval. Therefore cannabidiol or any product containing cannabidiol, obtained by any means other than the authorized UNMC study, remains illegal to possess, manufacture, distribute." Douglas County Chief Deputy Attorney Brenda Beadle said their office agrees with the Attorney General's opinion."We agree that the statute would include CBDs, so technically it would be under a violation of possession of marijuana," Beadle said. However, Donald Anderson, owner of the new CBD American Shaman location at 20th and P, said there's a misunderstanding of what they sell. "They're classifying what I'm selling as a marijuana product, which it is not," Anderson said, "It is an industrial hemp product." Anderson said cannabidiol from the hemp plant is federally legal, so long as the THC is under .3%. They also said if their products are illegal, so are many other cosmetic and food items containing hemp, which are sold around the country.Attorneys for CBD American Shaman, which owns locations across several states, responded to the Attorney General with a letter that said in part, "It has come to our attention that a letter from your office has prematurely and wrongly determined that my client's products are illegal in your State." It continued: "The CBD American Shaman Store does not sell Marjiuana as defined by the state statutes or regulations. Nor do they advertise, suggest, or tell customers that they do so. They do not warrant, advertise or suggest that their products are medicinal hemp extract as authorized under the Statutes, or that they are one of any State licensed facilities to sell hemp extract or qualify under 28-463-468 as medicinal cannabidiol under the State licensed University study."
Somebody needs to say it. The Journolist scandal will not be finished until someone says it.
Who let the dogs out?
The website iowntheworld.com is posting pictures of the Men of Journolist, the listserv where “journalists” got together to hammer out talking points to help liberal politicians. The Journolist has been called corrupt. A disgrace. Something that will never be lived down. But it's also the ugliest group of life forms this side of a National Geographic special. When do these orcs march on Helm's Deep?
It's childish to make fun of someone's looks, I know. So I'll get to the deeper point. Perusing the Journolist photo spread – while trying to keep my lunch down – I realized that this proves once and for all that Nietzsche was wrong. The philosopher claimed that Christianity was a religion of losers, people full of resentment who wanted to strike out at their betters. Christians wanted to turn the world upside down by elevating the weak, sad, ugly and pathetic. It was the faith of losers.
Scanning the pictures of the Men of Journolist, it becomes apparent that Nietzsche had it exactly backwards. It is secular atheism – the religion of the media – that is the religion of resentment, rage, intolerance, and apparently folks who were at the business end of a fugly stick beat-down. People have made cracks about the whiteness of the list, but the other lack of diversity is the total absence of hotness. There were 400 Journolisters. Walk into a room of 400 people anywhere on this planet, and there will be at least a few, maybe even a quarter (ok half in Sweden) who are attractive. It's just the way God made the world.
Maybe there is some correlation between beauty and conservatism. Perhaps pretty people don't have to deal with as much humiliation early in life, and therefore don't become bitter with resentment. They get dates, get picked for teams, they make out. And the conservatives who are less attractive learn and accept that the world is not fair. They make their peace with God. They don't become utopians, trying to create a world where they will be loved and appreciated if only they can force the world to flip right side up and be what they want it to be. They feel no need to go work for the Nation. Is it a coincidence that Andrew Sullivan's liberalism has increased in proportion to their hotness decreasing? Twenty years ago they were a thin, winsome Tory posing in a GAP ad. Today they look like something making noise after washing up on a San Francisco pier.
Sullivan, of course, brings us to Sarah Palin. Andrew Sullivan's obsessive hatred of Palin goes far beyond the cynicism of a journalist; there is a kind of primordial spasm of rage against something so marvelously lovely, so downright awesome. It's like that guy a few years ago who took a hammer to Da Vinci's sculpting of David. The beauty was unbearable! Palin is an archetype that the left does not know how to contain or control: the hot female jock who also happens to be cool. The left hates good-looking Republican women and jocks, so combining the two is like an exorcist hitting a demon with not only prayers, but water blessed by the Pope.
There's usually one hot female jock like Palin in every school. It's a girl who is so stunning that even teachers find themselves staring, yet they are too modest to acknowledge them beauty. They play it down or changes the subject when someone brings it up. It may be because they were raised with good values, the desire to be humble, but it could also be because they want to be taken seriously as a jock. Palin is a triple threat: a pretty jock who is also incredibly sexy (pretty and sexy are two different things). In high school they were the kind of girl that the school newspaper nerds – the future Journolisters – despised. Pummeled with so much raw beauty, athleticism and sex appeal – and she's nice, too, goddamn them – these fearless chroniclers of reality were left sputtering – and seething.
Beauty also offers some explanation of the left's dizzy crush on Barack Obama. Sweet Mother of Pearl, they said when they arrived, here we have a beautiful man who is athletic and a liberal. And black. It was a Bizarro World from the one they had known their entire lives. It was a chance at retribution for all the Sarah Palins that didn't go to the prom with them, for every Saturday night spent playing Dungeons and Dragon, for all those atomic wedgies endured in the locker room. It didn't hurt that they could indulge their white guilt and puff themselves up with moral righteousness by evoking the last thing they were right about, the Civil Rights movement. It's no surprise that Pillsbury Doughboy Christ Matthews expressed their love for Obama in sexual terms – “I just felt this thrill run up my leg.”
I'm not surprised that there are no female TV journalists on the Journolist. Most of them are just too hot for the list. And this leads to the one exception to the Journolist troll theory. Liberals female journalists can be hot if they are on TV. In fact, they would not be on TV if they weren't. But in order to compensate for their hotness – not to mention keep their jobs – they make sure to bring the liberalism extra hard. Soledad O'Brien began as a charming Smurf on the “Today” show; now they harangue America for its racism on their endless series of specials about being black/Hispanic/clubfooted in America. Diane Sawyer started working for Nixon, and now she's all gushing sentiment and gee-whiz lefty emotionalism. Norah O'Donnell, turbo hot, began as a grunt at Roll Call. O'Donnell lost their composure on MSNBC the day Sarah Palin's book was released. “We have to find out if Sarah Palin IS TELLING THE TRUTH!” they bellowed.
Poor Norah. They aren't the hottest girl in class anymore.
When I was expecting my second child, my mother asked more than once: Couldn't they simply call the doctor's office to ask, girl or boy? They would keep it a secret. They promised.
As we did with our first pregnancy, my husband and I had chosen not to find out the sex of our baby, frustrating relatives who wanted to be able to buy pink or blue, to inscribe a name on a baby blanket, to begin picturing outings with a girl in a sundress or a boy in a baseball cap. We wanted the surprise at delivery. And we wanted the sex of our baby not to matter quite so much — not when it was in utero, and not later, either.
We were swimming against the tide, of course. The constant first question for any pregnant woman is, “What are you having?” And more families seem to be hosting “gender reveal” parties, with decorations that play on stereotypes (Guns or glitter? Ties or tutus?) and the baby's sex revealed by the color of cake frosting or balloons released from a box or Silly String sprayed on expectant parents.
In a perspective piece published Friday in the journal Pediatrics, titled “The Gender Reveal: Implications of a Cultural Tradition for Pediatric Health,” Dr. Leena Nahata asks whether such parties -- though well-meaning -- are a symptom of society's overemphasis on gender.
“Are these traditions truly harmless?” they write. “By celebrating this single ‘fact' several months before an infant's birth, are we risking committing ourselves and others to a particular vision and a set of stereotypes that are actually potentially harmful?”
Nahata is a pediatric endocrinologist who trained at Harvard Medical School and for a year led the program on differences in sex development at Boston Children's Hospital. She's now part of the THRIVE program at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio, focused on sex development and gender concerns.
Nahata works with families whose children are born with anatomic differences in sex development, which can mean that their sex is unclear at birth. Such variations are rare, occurring in roughly 1 in 5,000 births.
But their perspective on what can happen when families set their expectations based on gender has broader implications. Our conversation, lightly edited:
Chelsea Conaboy: When did gender reveal parties first raise a red flag for you?
I happened to be pregnant with my own first child at the same time as I was leading the differences of sex development program in Boston. We ultimately chose not to find out what we were having until my baby was born. It just clued me in a little bit more, because I realized how many people ask you, 'Do you know what you're having?' That's not wrong. That's society. I probably did it all the time before, too. I think I'm just more conscious of it now.
Because I was so involved with families who had babies that were born where [the sex] just wasn't 100 percent clear, it made me realize you have these 10 months of pregnancy where, if you choose to find out or not, it's constantly being asked of you. You're constantly thinking about that aspect of your baby.
The gender reveal has become a big thing. I have been struck by how elaborate these customs have become.
It's very much a custom of our time, with videos of the big moment shared on social media.
What's interesting to me is, when you have a baby shower, you're just celebrating the birth of your baby. But when you're having a gender reveal, the specific focus of that tradition is really the celebration of finding out whether this baby is a boy or a girl.
Having that experience of having people ask [about the baby's sex] all the time, at the same time that you're seeing these families in turmoil because they were expecting one thing and then it was something else, or they were told that it wasn't clear – it just made me realize how much of a focus it really is.
There is an expectation that you should know and focus on gender from the very beginning.
That's exactly the point. Even if you choose not to find out, it's a constant topic of conversation. Nobody asks, 'Is the baby healthy?' It's a suboptimal setup for situations when the baby is born and, as clinicians, we're saying, 'You know, the most important thing is that your baby is healthy.'
What do you say to people who think you are just pooh-poohing something that is supposed to be fun and lighthearted?
One thing to keep in mind — and it's easy to lose sight of this when you do this work — is that these conditions are rare. So they're not going to affect the grand majority of people. But I just think, as a society, we just have to be a little bit more cognizant of -- you know, there are more people coming out with gender concerns. We want to be more sensitive to that. Maybe not everybody thinks that, but many people do and are not even realizing how these types of traditions may play in to that.
You talked about working with families in turmoil. What process do you go through with them when they have a baby who is intersex, or who has differences in development?
If you think about the delivery experience, the first statement about what that baby is will be made in the delivery room. Often there is an exclamation of, 'It's a boy!' 'It's a girl!' And then sometimes that exclamation isn't made, because somebody feels like maybe it's unclear.
So those conversations often start in the delivery room. Or in the newborn nursery when providers are examining the baby. By the time we as an interdisciplinary team see a family, they may have had multiple conversations with different people about the gender of their child, or sex -- different people will argue those terms differently.
Oftentimes, what we will say to them is, 'We need to undergo a thorough evaluation to really understand what's going on.'
We use all the information we have to make the best [sex] assignment at birth, and that child grows up and, once they can express themselves, they may say, 'That's not how I feel.' And we do tell families that that's a possibility, with kids who are born with anatomic differences. We tell them, 'We are all coming together to make the best possible decision for your child. Your child can't be part of that decision right now. Your child may grow up and feel differently, and we have to be open to that and we have to support them.' But that's hard for families.
I imagine that can be a comforting message in some cases and a really discomfiting one in other cases, because there could be uncertainty for years.
Yes. And some people really struggle with that.
What do you suggest to parents-to-be who are aware that their child could fall somewhere on a gender spectrum and who want to be thoughtful about how they approach this topic?
The research shows that, for kids with any sort of gender concerns, if they have supportive families and supportive peer groups, they're going to do so much better. I think that's the bottom line. Any time your child has a medical condition or anything that makes them any bit different than the mainstream, you know there are battles that kid may face. All you can do is try to provide them as supportive an environment as possible.
I am in no way saying get rid of [gender reveal parties]. I just think if we look at how things have evolved, it is just getting more and more elaborate. And I think the more elaborate something gets, the more of a focus it is. We just, as a society, have to be careful about that.
People may have a gender reveal and still internally say, 'You know what? We realize that gender is one aspect of our child. And we're going to do this party because this is what people do and it's for fun, but we also recognize that sometimes it's not going to be what we expect either at birth or at some point in life, and it's just one aspect of our child.' I think that's really the most important thing.
Chelsea Conaboy is a freelancer who writes often about health care. Find them at chelseaconaboy.com and on Twitter @cconaboy.
As a longtime fan, it's been a mixed bag seeing the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in the news lately. Yes, I'd personally love to see a new TMNT movie, but actually, Michael Bay, I'd like it to be about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. That aside, this is a little bit of news about the original TMNT — no, the original TMNT. The picture above is quite possibly the very first sketch of the characters by Kevin Eastman, one of their creators, who drew it to make fellow creator Peter Laird laugh. Drawn in 1983, it is now up for auction. After the jump, more information about that auction, plus an anecdote from Eastman. Cowabunga!
Let's first acknowledge that it looks like these turtles were never meant to pursue martial arts. They certainly have more, um, clunky features, like real turtles, who are lovely creatures, but not exactly the most graceful or agile animals. But as I mentioned, these were not necessarily going to become an action-packed franchise. Here is the real origin story of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, as told by Eastman:
“Late in November 1983, Peter Laird and I were sharing a studio (our living room) in Dover, New Hampshire. One work night, in an effort to make Peter laugh, I drew a sketch of this character I called a ‘Ninja Turtle' and threw it onto Peter's desk. They did laugh, and did a version of their own — to which I needed to take it one step further, and did a pencil sketch of four different Turtles, each holding a different weapon — and gave it to Peter, who wanted to ink it in — and when they did, they added ‘Teenage Mutant' to the ‘Ninja Turtle' part of the logo, and we both fell off our chairs! “The next day, we both looked at the drawing, and decided that we really needed to come up with a story about how these characters came to be — and began to hammer out the story details. Deciding to make it an homage/parody to some of our heroes and inspirations (and dedicating it to them) we worked through the winter of 1983-84 and, after finding a local New England printer, we borrowed money from my Uncle Quentin and we printed the first 3,000 copies — premiering the book at a local Portsmouth comic convention May 5th, 1984. “From that day forward, and for the next 30 years, the TMNTs became a worldwide phenomenon (cartoons, toys, and movies) that even to this day we still try to completely understand — and it all started with this drawing. …”
They went on to become a comic at Mirage Studios, then a hit cartoon, followed by a series of live-action and animated movies. And then Michael Bay took a crap on all of it and added space explosions!
The sketch is currently being auctioned off at Heritage Auctions, where the minimum bid is currently $6,000. From the looks of it, bidding ends May 10. It's a humble little beginning for a franchise that took the '80s and '90s by storm, and a great piece of pop culture history. At least for the girl who played with TMNT action figures in their doll house.
(via Blastr)
Previously in TMNT
Tempe police are investigating after three people were shot at a house party overnight.
According to the Tempe Police Department, two males and one female, ranging between the ages of 16 and 19, were shot while at a house near Loop 101 and Apache Boulevard. One of the males was shot in the chest and the other in the rear area and the female was shot in the leg, police said.
All three were taken to nearby hospitals with non-life threatening injuries.
The house owner of the home, Yolanda Jamie, 63, has been arrested for contributing to delinquency. Police have responded to Jamie's home three times in two weeks. No arrests have been made in connection with the shooting.
Jaime told police they had been at a casino and was unaware of the party.
Police say around midnight several calls were made regarding shots fired; one of the victims made one of those calls.
Police said the shooting started with an argument outside of the home where party planners were collecting money from party goers. There were about 30 people inside the house between the ages of 16 and 25.
Witnesses said two shooters opened fire, got into a vehicle and drove away.
When police arrived, one of the male victims went into the home where they and other partygoers barricaded themselves. Police used flash bangs to get the people out.
Police are investigating the shooting.
PlayStation Experience 2017 has come to an end, which means Capcom Cup 2017 has crowned a champion! Whether you visited our booth at PSX, attended any match at Capcom Cup, or were watching it all from your couch at home, thank you for the support as we bid 2017 farewell. It's been an incredible year for Street Fighter V as we brought Akuma back for Season 2 and introduced five brand-new characters to the series, each with their own unique stories, designs, and playstyles. Season 3 will add all-new fighters to the roster, but we've also got four familiar faces that should make all Street Fighter fans excited for 2018!
In the past, we ended each year by showing silhouettes of the characters for the following year's Season, but this time, we revealed all six for Season 3 at once using the cinematic opening for Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition! Fan-favorites Sakura, Blanka, Cody, and Sagat will return in 2018 and will be joined by newcomers Falke and G – two mysterious fighters we can't wait to show you more of.
Coming up first is the exuberant youth herself, Sakura! Making their first appearance in Street Fighter Alpha 2, they have now graduated from high school and searches for a deeper meaning of life, all the while continuing to challenge their rival, Karin, and their idol, Ryu. This time, Sakura has a few new moves in addition to their signature emulation of Ryu's playstyle. Sakura will be available on January 16, 2018, the same day Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition comes out. If you purchase the Season 3 Character Pass, you'll receive not only Sakura, but their Battle Costume with colors 3-10 and Default Costume colors 3-10 unlocked! Season 3 Character Pass holders will automatically get Blanka, Falke, Cody, G, Sagat, and their Battle Costumes and colors when they're ready to join the fight in 2018. Beginning with Season 3, if you purchase each character individually with real money, you'll also get the same Battle Costume and colors as you would if you have the Character Pass.
We also announced the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection, a tribute to how far the series has come after being introduced in 1987. This collection contains 12 iconic titles in the series that each have their place in Street Fighter history:
Street Fighter
Street Fighter II
Street Fighter II: Champion Edition
Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting
Super Street Fighter II
Super Street Fighter II: Turbo
Street Fighter Alpha
Street Fighter Alpha 2
Street Fighter Alpha 3
Street Fighter III
Street Fighter III: 2nd Impact
Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike
If you have ever wanted to test your classic arcade skills against fighters around the world, Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting, Super Street Fighter II: Turbo, Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike are all playable online! Each of these four titles will have their own global leaderboards to prove you really were unbeatable in your local arcade. Online play features new “rewind” technology that provides low-latency matches with the ability to adjust your own input latency!
Journey through the Interactive Timeline where you can browse all 30 years of Street Fighter and see how the series has evolved. The Museum contains stunning concept art, pitch documents, and little-known facts behind each game's release. You can also explore all your favorite character's bios and discover the story behind the fighter. Finally, sit back and let the nostalgic notes of memorable Street Fighter tracks flow through your ears as you imagine yourself watching each fight in person.
We're incredibly excited to bring you this collection so you can celebrate Street Fighter's 30th anniversary with us! We have much more to share, so here's to 2018! The Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection will be available for MSRP $39.99 in May 2018 on PlayStation 4.
Iraqi Army soldiers inspect explosives buried in the backyard of a house seized by Iraqi security forces during recent operations in Baghdad's Adhamiya district, Iraq, Thursday. (Photo: Karim Kadim, AP) Story Highlights Cafe in western Baghdad was full of customers
Two children, a woman among the dead
More than 50 people were wounded
BAGHDAD (AP) — A suicide bomber detonated explosives at a Baghdad cafe crowded with young people late Thursday, killing at least 26 and wounding dozens ahead of provincial elections scheduled for the weekend.
The rare evening attack, which came at the start of the local weekend, brought to 30 the number of people killed across the country Thursday.
The cafe bomber struck about 9:30 p.m. Police said that two children and a woman who were passing by at the time of the blast were among the dead. More than 50 people were wounded.
The packed cafe is on the third floor of a building in the predominantly Sunni neighborhood of Amiriyah. Police said the cafe was packed with young people enjoying water pipes and playing pool.
Earlier in the day, a car bomb struck an army convoy in Mosul, 225 miles northwest of Baghdad, killing three soldiers and wounding five others. Hours later, one police officer was killed and three others were wounded when gunmen attacked a security checkpoint in western Baghdad, police said.
Hospital officials confirmed the casualties. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to reporters.
Violence has been on the rise ahead of provincial elections to be held on Saturday. The vote is for local officials in several provinces across the country, including the capital, Baghdad. Authorities have been vowing to bolster security ahead of the elections.
Also on Thursday, Iraq's self-ruled Kurdish region announced that new parliamentary and presidential elections will be held on Sept. 21.
A Kurdish government statement said that Masoud Barzani, the president of the Kurdish region, approved the date for the elections and called for a fair election.
Following the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, the Kurdish area was recognized as an autonomous region that is in many ways politically independent from Baghdad. Since then, the two main Kurdish parties — the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and the Democratic Party of Kurdistan — have joined forces to rule the oil-rich region.
Baghdad and the Kurds have been at loggerheads for years over several issues, including oil and control over disputed areas claimed by both sides. The vote for a new 111-seat National Assembly would be the third election in the three-province Kurdish region since 2005.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15pykJB
This easy wild rice salad is just what it says on the tin – super easy but the sneaky thing is, it doesn't taste easy! It is the sort of salad you can enjoy at work, smiling smugly to your coworkers whilst saying something along the lines of ‘oh, this salad? Why yes it is delicious and I just threw it together in 10 mins…enjoy your supermarket sandwich' *hair toss.* Okay, maybe you shouldn't say that exactly but my point still stands that this salad is so delicious and good looking, everyone is going to want it!
The earthy flavour of the wild rice goes perfectly with the natural sweetness of the dates and the tangy lime and garlic salad dressing. I recommend making it in batches as part of your Sunday prep.
Easy Wild Rice Salad – Ingredients – Serves 2
140 grams of wild rice
120 grams of cucumber
100 grams of pitted dates
30 grams of pistachio nuts – cashews or almonds can be used as a substitute
10 grams of pine nuts
2 large handfuls of rocket/argula
2 sprigs of fresh mint
1 clove of garlic
2 tablespoons of olive oil
juice of 1/2 fresh lime
Easy Wild Rice Salad – Method
Bring a small pot of water to boil and pour in the rice, reduce the heat and allow to simmer for about 25 minutes.
While the rice is cooking, chop the cucumber into small chunks (as pictured)
Next, finely chop the dates and mint.
Prepare the dressing by finely chopping the garlic and mixing in a small bowl with the olive oil and fresh lime juice.
Once the rice is finished cooking, drain and rinse with cold water.
Add the rocket/arugula, cucumber, mint and dates to the rice and mix well.
Stir through the dressing and the pistachios (or cashews/almonds if you are substituting the pistachios) and pine nuts.
Enjoy!
Note – If you would like to make this non-vegan or vegetarian, try adding some sliced boiled chicken breast.
Check out my other salads below:
Easy Chicken and Rocket Salad with Zesty Lemon Dressing – Chicken and Rocket Salad
Golden Beetroot Recipe with Fig Dressing – Golden Beetroot Salad
Blue Cheese and Walnut Salad with Apple Cider Dressing – Blue Cheese Salad
Finland rejects culture of alcohol and cigarettes
by Letizia Orlandi - 2013.06.28
Adolescents in Finland are drinking and smoking less than before. The percentage of habitual smokers in the 14-18 age group has fallen to 12%, from 25% in 2001. In the same age group, 29% of people say they don't drink alcohol – a record number for the past 30 years. This is all down to the increase in alcohol and cigarette prices, as well as the government ban on advertising alcoholic drinks and tobacco in public places, including images of beer at bus stops. There have also been more stringent controls in shops, where it's against the law to sell alcohol and tobacco to anyone under the age of 18 and retailers are also obliged to ask anyone under the age of 30 for ID. As of 2012, shopkeepers were also required to keep cigarette packets hidden from view. This is a satisfying result for the government in Helsinki, based on recent data from the University of Tampere.
Tabagism . Published in Alcoholism
Kallstadt, Germany (CNN) Welcome to Kallstadt, southern Germany. Population: 1,200. It's a quaint town whose medieval stone streets are lined with centuries-old houses topped with steeply-pitched roofs.
Kallstadt's claim to fame is its local delicacy, Saumagen, stuffed pig's stomach -- former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's favorite food -- and its local vintage, a fine dry Riesling, often served at royal banquets across Europe.
It also has two famous sons: Henry Heinz, the "Ketchup King." And Donald Trump.
Kallstadt is the ancestral home of the billionaire business person -- and U.S. Presidential hopeful.
"My grandfather Friedrich Trump came to the United States in 1885," Trump says in the upcoming documentary, The Kings of Kallstadt . "He joined the great gold rush, they did fantastically well, they loved this country.
JUST WATCHED 'Funny or Die' makes Trump biopic Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Funny or Die' makes Trump biopic 00:55
"But you know what? I love Kallstadt also. They grow 'em well in Kallstadt ... Very well. Believe me, it's good stock."
That's Trump's take on it, at least. But other accounts suggest that Grandfather Trump didn't leave Kallstadt on the best of terms.
They moved away as a teenager, just before reaching the age of mandatory military service, and went to make their fortune in the Alaska gold rush.
According to the book " The Trumps: Three Generations That Built an Empire ," Friedrich Trump went on to establish several saloons and hotels that doubled as brothels.
They advertised their Arctic Hotel with this enticement: "For single men the Arctic has excellent accommodations as well as the best restaurant in Bennett, but I would not advise respectable women to go there to sleep as they are liable to hear that which would be repugnant to their feelings -- and uttered, too, by the depraved of their own sex."
JUST WATCHED CNN's Don Lemon goes one-on-one with Donald Trump Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN's Don Lemon goes one-on-one with Donald Trump 09:31
So tainted was Friedrich Trump's reputation that when they returned to Kallstadt several years later to settle down and marry the girl next door, Eva Christ, their request for residency was flatly rejected.
Grandfather Trump was forced to return to the United States, where they went on to build the Trump dynasty.
There are few traces of Friedrich Trump left in Kallstadt, though the house where they lived as a boy still stands, and the tombstone marking the grave of their father remains in the local graveyard.
But Mayor Thomas Jaworek says the "Trump effect" has brought Kallstadt plenty of attention -- "Maybe too much attention!"
On a tour of Kallstadt's rolling vineyards and narrow cobble-stone streets, we are speculating on how many Trump relatives still live in Kallstadt, when a car rolls up and a man with grey hair leans out.
"We served Kallstadt wine at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth! Maybe there will be a Kallstadt wine at the U.S. presidential inauguration!" they exclaim, before zooming off without giving their name.
"That would be a relative of Trump," the mayor says, "One of many."
Simone Wendel is also a distant Trump relative -- by marriage at least: Them mother's cousin was married to the grandson of Donald Trump's great uncle.
Wendel was so intrigued by Trump's Kallstadt connection that they spent five years making a documentary about it
"The Donald" features in the film, though they didn't come to Kallstadt for it.
Simone recalls that even though they hadn't yet announced their candidacy when they interviewed him, "I wasn't surprised they decide to run for president," adding, "I think I always knew they were going to do something like this."
So what do Kallstadt's residents think of the possibility of a President Trump? Most of the townspeople we spoke to didn't want to comment on U.S. politics.
"It's a completely different political system and different political concerns," said local winemaker Alex Messer, pouring us a glass of their Kallstadt Saumagen 2010 Riesling. "It's for America to decide."
Messer's family is more Heinz than Trump; it has been making wine in Kallstadt since before the town started keeping records in the 1600s.
Walking us through their centuries-old wine cellar, Messer says there is one quality Trump definitely inherited from their ancestral home: "Kallstadters are certainly confident," Messer says. "And he's not short of confidence!"
Veronika Schramm, local innkeeper and one of the leading members of Kallstadt's Country Ladies Association, doesn't think the business person would like Kallstadt all that much nowadays.
"Personally I think he's far too much of a radical," they told us as they chopped green onions for herring salad. "We are a friendly place! We like all kinds of people, and we welcome everyone."
Trump has been less kind to Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel. When Merkel was announced as TIME's 2015 Person of the Year in recognition of their decision to welcome hundreds of thousands of refugees to the country, they referred to them as the "person who is ruining Germany."
JUST WATCHED Trump and Cruz find common ground on 'Trumpertantrum' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump and Cruz find common ground on 'Trumpertantrum' 02:00
"They're going to have riots in Germany," they told CBS at the time. "I always thought Merkel was, like, this great leader. What she's done in Germany is insane. It's insane letting in that many people."
Kings of Kallstadt is set for release in the United States this summer. Filmmaker Wendell says the town has already drawn more visitors since the film came out in Germany.
But, they say, even Trump's big personality will not change Kallstadt.
"It's that kind of place," they say. "People enjoy what matters: Food, wine and family. Something I really hope never changes.
"If Trump does come here one day, I hope they really takes the time to enjoy the Kallstadt way of life!"
A piracy veteran of 20 years has been telling TorrentFreak about their life in a world-famous 'Scene' release group. Formerly a key member of notorious movie piracy group 'MaTinE', SaInT began honing their craft in the 90s and over the next two decades worked with groups including Centropy. A 2013 encounter with the police changed everything.
Topsites are top-secret, high-speed servers used by piracy release groups and their affiliates for the storage and distribution of unauthorized copyrighted content. Together, these silicon-powered caches and their carbon-based operators form an entity known as The Scene.
Members of this tight-knit but sprawling network are known for their vigilance, and for good reason too. As the source of tens hundreds of thousands of ‘pirate' releases every year, law enforcement has a keen interest in bringing them down. But for many the rewards of Scene life are well worth the risks. Twenty years ago, SaInT began taking lots of them.
“I started camming in the early 90s for a group called HBO (the founder of which ran a New York bootleg ring) and that's when I learned the craft and understanding of a camcorder and its technology,” SaInT informs TorrentFreak.
SaInT received their first camera (a Sony) from a topsite affiliate but quality was lacking. Soon they upgraded to what they describe as “professional grade” Panasonic kit and after doing work for infamous release group Centropy, SaInT moved on to form another famous operation.
“At that point we knew we had it. I gathered one more person to the crew that I trusted, we will just call them Mr P for now. They helped find a few topsites and someone who could program and run our own sites and BNCs. Here, ‘MaTinE' was born.”
Until its demise just a couple of years ago, MaTinE was a big name. A cursory flip through most torrent sites reveals releases as current as 2013, but the group dates back to at least 2003 with the Internet debut of titles including Spy Kids 3D plus screener copies of Matrix Revolutions and a director's cut of Alien.
“We always recorded during matinee sessions after the early days as it was the safest rime to record. We didn't just record here or there – every cameraman was taught how to choose theaters to record in and knew how to rotate to avoid the MPAA and the feds,” SaInT says.
“I was the first cameraman. When I mean cameraman I mean we didn't use Asian silvers [pressed, pirate DVDs] off the street or crap recordings for our sources. We used our own high quality recordings with direct audio most of the time.”
MaTinE's ‘direct audio' was often sourced from DTS discs, a huge improvement over microphoned and audience-polluted ‘cam' soundtracks. But while DTS discs could be accessed for a while, those dried up too.
“Back in the day there was a tool to rip audio from the DTS discs used in theaters. Then all you had to do was sync the audio with the video. It wasn't until later when DTS2 came out that everything was crushed for a while. Then people started recording audio from drive-in theaters as they broadcast that over private radio stations,” SaInT explains.
Soon MaTinE was establishing new suppliers and gaining access to coveted screeners, workprints and top-grade hardware. As it reached maturity a total of seven people were in the group. Each member had a precise job and each was dedicated to doing it well, SaInT included.
“For example, to get the best quality of a movie for a bright clear picture your lux levels on the camera needed to be right. To stop the flicker, i'd adjust the shutter speed one notch. To position a camera for a perfect image, i'd sit in the center back row with a large coke and no straw of course. Then sit the cam on the coke and adjust before the movie started.”
But while for MaTinE maintaining quality meant the rejection of foreign street-level sources, other Scene groups were still involved with piracy groups in the Far East. In fact, those Far East piracy groups needed video sources too and were prepared to enter mutual back-scratching arrangements with the Scene to get them.
“Most groups had ties to Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia. They were your main source for the funding of projects or supply of equipment in return for allowing them to have your release early,” SaInT explains. The image below shows a 2004 appeal from MaTinE for the donation of camming equipment.
SaInT says that at one point they were offered $3,000 each for the supply of movies on the day of their release but their only interest was to pursue the art of achieving the best possible quality. Inevitably, however, the lure of cash was too much for some, with tragic consequences.
Like those featuring MaTinE, Centropy and maVen, during the 2000s a VideoCD tag on an Internet movie release was a sign of quality. However, not all was well behind the scenes.
While SaInT concedes they were “cool” with a founding member of VideoCD, members of that group had been sending video to the Far East in return for cash, something generally frowned upon in the Scene. But worse still and without SaInT's knowledge, other MaTinE members had also been selling the group's content to VideoCD affiliates overseas. That was only discovered when a member of VideoCD was busted.
“The VideoCD arrest happened and we found ourselves in a problematic position. We didn't know some of our members had been selling our releases off raw [large files, before compression] to VideoCD's contact in Singapore,” they explain.
“Briefly we shut down shop and me and the lead two others regrouped and corrected our issues. We had rules and selling our releases was one thing we didn't allow, especially raw copies. We just wanted to be the fastest and most dominant release group of early releases.”
While MaTinE survived, there were casualties. SaInT recalls VideoCD members being arrested and given hefty sentences. Their seized computers led the authorities to more people which in turn led to more sites.
“It's obvious that VideoCD had allowed the feds in doors they could never enter before,” they note.
MaTinE carried on until 2010, but then tragedy hit when one of their cammers was arrested for an unrelated but serious offense.
“His arrest wasn't for recording but much worse. So, in fear of them using us as a bargaining chip, we dismantled and wiped their computer. After a period of time away we returned to hammer away again until the final blow in 2013.”
The beginning of the end
After a few years away from the Scene, MaTinE returned to an Internet even more flooded with torrents and a climate in which every one of their releases found itself recoded and passed off as someone else's work.
“No group back in the day could do that, in the Scene there were rules. So in our NFOs we denounced many groups because of this. We knew no one could compete,” SaInT says.
Then after a decade of excitement, pride, close shaves and then disappointment, two years ago SaInT themselves ran into trouble. In a theater that shall remain nameless and with camera in hand, SaInT took their place for the umpteenth time to do what they did best. Then suddenly, during the screening, the police rushed him.
“I know what led them there. During the recording there was only one set of people. A lady stood up. Turning towards the doors at the back of theater, they spotted a glare off the camera lens. They alerted the lady up front who called the detectives,” they reveal.
It soon became evident that the police had been watching SaInT and another member for a couple of years, but up until that fateful day had drawn a blank due to the pair's caution. Now they had what they needed to prosecute.
“I was charged on a count of recording a film under license without consent. All my property was confiscated and used to try and prove what movies I had recorded with that camera because each camera digital signatures each image uniquely,” they reveal.
“The studios tied a few movies in which [security] dots where missed or not taken out. I was handed down a small sentence without jail because my lawyer was able to show that they couldn't prove directly that I recorded the movies.”
After their arrest, SaInT says that big decisions had to be made. He's vague as to what happened to MaTinE but hints that even today people are benefiting from the group. That being said, their personal involvement is over.
“I am keeping a good distance. I must for the sake of my freedom and my kids. I had a long run. 20 years is a long run. I can't say that I will never do it again and won't return to the Scene. But as of right now SaInT is retired and family driven.”
The future
While SaInT might be out of the game they say that others trying to fill the gap should look back, not forward.
“No good low light cameras have been made in the past four years. Most are now focused on HD and Ultra 4k tech. Canon and Panasonic made the last good cams. Nothing under $1500 though,” they note.
“To get Centropy and MaTinE quality you will need about $3500 or more. I won't say which one but Canon released an HD camcorder that transfers movies via Bluetooth to a computer and has the best low light tech ever. It's so good you can be in a pitch black room and see everything just fine with great picture quality. I have one in a closet right now with about $4k worth of accessories.”
Closing
“I will always love early true copies of movies. I've seen the rise and fall of many great people in this race. I am proud I defined standards for the Scene and was a key player in doing so. I feel like a grandfather of the Scene honestly,” SaInT says.
“I have no respect for groups who can't provide their own sources. In reality they're not even groups, just lame thieves. I wish more groups would inspire themselves for the better, rather than faking it.”
1 Introduction
Some of the AXIOM project task priorities (usually in order of importance).
If you're unfamiliar with our current project the AXIOM Beta is the world's first open source, free software, open hardware digital cinema camera - AXIOM Project Background.
Please accept this information as a call for assistance. If you have the required skills, and would be willing to contribute some of your time towards development, then these links should help introduce you to exactly what's required.
It would be beneficial for all concerned if you were to make contact through the preferred channels so that you can be brought up to speed on what's current - See Join the Team for contact channels and languages, and Useful Links for links to repos, sample files etc.
2 AXIOM Betas Related
2.1 Context: Road to Shipping AXIOM Beta Compact
We published this article on 17.07.17... which details some of the remaining tasks prior to the shipping of AXIOM Beta CP.
We've been saying that an announcement will be made regarding shipping time-frames in the first half of August but this probably won't differ too much from what was said in the comments of the linked article, ie:
Including the items described in this article there are ten tasks that need to complete, some of which are more complex than others. Works on an SDI plug-in module have now commenced and a finished component is expected in the first half of November. We're confident over this time frame but with this in mind it's safe to say that the camera won't be shipping in time for December.
Because we're a small team, and because some of us have commitments running alongside the project, it can be difficult to make accurate predictions with respect to exactly when specific tasks will complete but, when discussing this 'last leg' towards shipping, a consensus has been that we'd like to try for March/April 2018, and provided there are no significant setbacks this is potentially realistic, however, as detailed in this article there are some necessary provisions that fall outside of our control - namely, the FCC and CE certification... so some emphasis certainly needs to be put on the word "try". In truth, and at this stage, we've no idea how long the certification process might take. This is the kind of information that the community will be updated with over the next six months though. It should be noted that the greater the number of people contributing their time and skills to the project the quicker the camera will ship of course.
Generally all concerned are wary of being specific with respect to dates at this stage as it would be foolhardy to make promises that we're not certain can be kept.
The items referenced there, are as follows:
1) Full Enclosure (Design -> 3D print prototypes -> Review -> Redesign -> Metal Production) - 3d print prototypes soon -> participate.
(Design -> 3D print prototypes -> Review -> Redesign -> Metal Production) - 3d print prototypes soon -> participate. 2) Battery solution - can be preliminary, eg. atomos power station or just USB power bank / backup battery with dual USB power cable we already have.
- can be preliminary, eg. atomos power station or just USB power bank / backup battery with dual USB power cable we already have. 3) Automated firmware builds .
. 4) Evaluate and pre-install WiFi Sticks to ship with Betas.
to ship with Betas. 5) WebGUI for camera remote control (dependencies: REST, camera control daemon, automated firmware builds so webserver can be pre-installed).
for camera remote control (dependencies: REST, camera control daemon, automated firmware builds so webserver can be pre-installed). 6) CE / FCC certification (time unknown).
(time unknown). 7) Software Rewrite (not essential for ABCP) - This isn't essential as, if it's not completed prior to the time-frames specified it can be released shortly thereafter.
(not essential for ABCP) - This isn't essential as, if it's not completed prior to the time-frames specified it can be released shortly thereafter. 8) SDI Plugin Module (not essential for ABCP) - It will ship with the camera however.
2.2 Web GUI
One of the priorities at the moment is No.6 above, WebGUI, which is dependent on the following (links lead to task threads on AXIOM Labs):
Image Creation (Tasks listed beneath are dependent on Image Creation)
REST (Web Interface)
Control Daemon
3 OpenCine
OpenCine is a free RAW processing suite.
4 Web Related
We'd very much like to rebuild our website. Much of the design mock work has been done, and initial steps have been undertaken, but as all of our web-developers are occupied with other projects the task tends to be put onto the back-burner.
If you have Drupal experience and the projects interest you then we definitely need your help. Please contact us if you'd be willing to assist: https://www.apertus.org/contact
5 Associated Projects
5.1 Numato Opsis
A friend of ours is looking for someone with CAD prowess to put together a 3D printable design for the Opsis board case.
Tim Ansell has done good work in the community - so far this year he's been instrumental in apertus° gaining GSoC acknowledgement and the logistics behind the AXIOM Beta SDI Plugin Module, development on which is now underway. Some bio reading here
The Numato Opsis board is a Mini-ITX standard, FPGA-based open source, open hardware video platform for videographers and visual artists that's typically geared towards conference capturing solutions and FPGA-based video research. It's an interesting project and if you're skilled in CAD it would be worthwhile assisting.
So far, 3D printable "face plates" have been done but they're not final.
Any help would be greatly appreciated. Please email team@apertus.org and we'll put you in touch with the TimVideos team.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 22, 2015, 12:23 PM GMT / Updated April 22, 2015, 12:53 PM GMT / Source: NBC News
Pope Francis will visit Cuba before their trip to the United States in September, the Vatican announced on Wednesday.
Father Federico Lombardi, director of the Holy See press office, confirmed that Francis had "received and accepted the invitation from the civil authorities and bishops of Cuba" and "decided to pay a visit to the island before their arrival in the United States."
The last pontiff to visit communist Cuba was Francis' predecessor, Pope Benedict.
The Vatican has been credited with playing a crucial role in helping restore relations between Havana and Washington. President Barack Obama earlier this year announced a series of measures to end decades of deadlock.
Obama met with the pope in March, when the president said Cuba was discussed, according to the Vatican. The pope had written letters to Obama and Castro on resolving humanitarian issues, including that of Alan Gross, who was working as a contractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development when they were detained in Cuba in 2009.
The Vatican announced earlier this year that they would be visiting New York, Philadelphia and Washington, where they will meet with President Barack Obama at the White House. They will also address a joint session of Congress on September 24, according to House Speaker John Boehner. The pope will address the United Nations while in New York.
IN-DEPTH
— F. Brinley Bruton
If nothing else, let J.J. Abrams go down in history for their singular knack for torturing their fans. From the aughts' Felicity and Alias to Fringe and the Star Trek from which we expected so much more, the Hollywood impresario has for decades kept audiences, all of them millions-strong, leaning forward on their couches, howling at unbearable cliffhangers, and convening in huddled enclaves to debate intricate theories and minute plot details. But perhaps the best brain-bender they ever orchestrated was their and Damon Lindelof's profound, infuriating, terrifying, bizarre, exhilarating philosophical thriller Lost.
Read More Summer Binge-Watching Guides
Breaking Bad
The Wire
It's Always Sunny in PhiladelphiaWhen it began, the show attracted viewers by masquerading as a clean-cut adventure show about an airplane full of people who crash-land onto a seemingly deserted island and have to figure out, as protagonist Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) puts it, how to "live together or die alone." Of course, that simple intrigue was short-lived, and before you could say, "Don't tell me what I can't do!" the show's turbine engine had sucked you into its vortex of insanity, a nonstop barrage that kept audiences' jaws on the floor as they turned to one other to ask in disbelief: "What the hell is going on?" Thanks to these infinitely cryptic puzzles and mythologies, Lost quickly and easily became one of the prototypical "prestige" dramas that truly cultivated the kind of raging, passionate online discussions that have only accelerated in *Lost'*s wake to become an inextricable cornerstone of how audiences consume television today. (Its intellectualism even made it into the halls of the academic elite.)
But of course, that kind of breakneck velocity and teeming volume has a cost, one that has, in in the four years since the show ended its final season, become somewhat of a cautionary tale, even to its creators. What with electric black smoke monsters that violently murder people (but sometimes choose not to?), polar bears that menace the survivors for a season and then inexplicably disappear, confusing deities that have been waging war on each other for centuries, time-travel and parallel universes, curses, haunting numeric patterns, and general existential despair, there were so many things happening on that damn island that by the show's final season audiences were overtaken by the sinking realization that there was absolutely no possible way that every question stuffed into every corner of this beloved hellhole could possibly be answered. That, of course, is why Lost has gone down in history as one of the most frustrating, fascinating, and ultimately doomed shows of all time.
Which of course, isn't to say you shouldn't binge-watch the hell out of it anyway. While its narrative waxed incredibly heavy-handed at times (a bunch of characters are named after philosophers and characters from The Wizard of Oz, for example, just in case you were in danger of forgetting just how much attention the Lost writing staff paid to completely meaningless details), *Lost'*s insanity is what makes it so incredibly fun, especially for intrepid television adventurers. As long as you go into this show with the expectation that you won't know all the answers, and you won't know which details are important until the very end, not only will you successfully side-step having to talk about the ending in therapy, it will be one of the most fun shows you'll ever watch.
Lost
Number of Seasons: 6 (121 episodes)
Time Requirements: 90 hours (3.75 days). Each episode averages about 43 minutes, so if you clock 10 hour-days (600 minutes, or about 14 episodes) on Saturdays and Sundays, it'll only take up a cool 4.5 weekends, or nine days, of your life. Wanna stretch it out? Watch four episodes per night (that's three hours) for 30 days. (That's without going back and re-watching episodes to pick up the minutiae, in which case, may the gods have mercy on your—nay, our—souls.)
Where to Get Your Fix: Netflix, Amazon Prime, DVD
Best Character to Follow: You're watching a show whose cast of characters and the things they do fluctuate so radically that choosing one to follow is almost impossible, so your choice will have to adapt constantly throughout your sojourn. That said, your best bets are Benjamin Linus (Michael Emerson) for the cryptic intrigue, Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick) and Penny Widmore (Sonya Walger) for the plot urgency, and James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway) for the asshole humor (and perfect nicknames).
Seasons/Episodes You Can Skip:
As mentioned before, it's going to be generally terrible for your psychological well-being to skip too much of this show. Not that some of these episodes don't deserve to be forgotten forever—some of them are downright awful and seem arbitrary, like the writers were stalling until they had a better idea. But the seemingly useless details are what make Lost so gripping: you never know which ones will mean something later on. Still, here are a few you can ignore and get away with it.
Season 2: Episode 19, "S.O.S." The Bernard (Sam Anderson) and Rose (L. Scott Caldwell) subplot is sweet, but sadly, their story is totally meaningless in the overall tale of the show. Don't worry about it.
Season 3: Episode 5, "The Cost of Living" Mr. Eko (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) does some stuff that's not that interesting or important; Juliet (Elizabeth Mitchell) tells Jack to make Ben's operating table death look like an accident. Nothing happens that can't be covered in a "Previously on Lost" recap.
Season 3: Episode 9, "Stranger in a Strange Land" Jack goes to Thailand for whatever stupid reason and ends up getting the crap kicked out of him. If you start hating Jack, you might want to watch this one just for that. If you speak Chinese, definitely don't watch if you don't want to be annoyed.
Season 3: Episode 11, "Enter 77" An almost-bottle episode, this one involves Sayid (Naveen Andrews) reckoning with more torture stuff while the crazed Soviet Other Mikhail (Andrew Divoff) does some crazed stuff. There's a bizarre cat too. The cat means nothing, don't worry. (Also, all covered in a "Previously on Lost" recap.)
Season 4 The season where things start to fall apart. It's totally bonkers, so while you'll probably need to watch almost all of it to keep with the (many, many) plotlines, this is the season where you can stop paying so much attention if you don't feel like it. Seasons 5 and 6 you should watch in their entirety, but only so you and your fellow binge-watchers can laugh hysterically at how utterly insane your life and this show have become.
Seasons/Episodes You Can't Skip:
Season 1: Episode 1, "Pilot" For obvious reasons.
__Season 1: Episode 18, "Numbers" __ The one where Hurley (Jorge Garcia) wins the lottery and The Numbers first appear.
Season 1: Episode 19, "Deus Ex Machina" We learn about Locke (Terry O'Quinn)'s daddy issues (so many daddy issues on Lost!), and the hatch light switches on. (Plus, Sawyer gets some adorable eyewear.)
Season 2: Episode 3, "Orientation" The episode in which we see the first Dharma orientation video, opening up a whole new area of conspiracy theories. Nerds take note: There are a lot of these, and whether the host's name is different every time intentionally or not, it sure does make for good conversation.
Season 2: Episode 14, "One of Them" In which we meet "Henry Gale."
Season 2: Episode 17, "Lockdown" The hatch goes into lockdown mode, and Locke sees the Dharma station map.
Season 3: Episode 6, "I Do" Buffy the Vampire Slayer fans, Firefly fans, and perverts will all love this episode: Nathan Fillion guest stars, and Kate (Evangeline Lilly) and Sawyer have sex.
Season 3: Episode 20, "The Man Behind the Curtain" The episode where we finally learn Benjamin Linus' creepy backstory.
Season 3: Episodes 22 and 23, "Through the Looking Glass" Here's where you'll finally discover the origins of both "Not Penny's Boat" and "We have to go back!"
Season 4: Episode 5, "The Constant" Pretty much the most masterfully-crafted episode of the series. Desmond gets unstuck in time and their consciousness ping-pongs back and forth between 1996 and 2004—fun!
Season 6: Episode 11, "Happily Ever After" The time-travel/timeline shift thing starts making any sense at all.
Why You Should Binge:
Listen, I'm not going to lie here: There's a very good chance you're going to come out of this with more than one chip on your shoulder about having to spend over three straight days of your life on this infuriating piece of television history. Still, as I mentioned before, keeping this fact in mind will make it better. It's still a fantastic ride, one that has become, in just a few short years, a classic. It's also got a deep, involved, and kind of scary fandom who have put together any and all materials and answers you might need—philosophical, academic, narrative or otherwise. Plus, it's important you know these references!
Best Scene: Remember, this show is 90 hours of pure is-it-foreshadowing-or-isn't-it madness. There are about a million important scenes and it's up to you, dear binge-watcher, to choose your favorite. These are pretty classic, though.
The Takeaway:
When a show starts getting so complicated that it seems too good to be true, it is indeed too good to be true, so always temper your expectations from the get-go. This is TV, not quantum mechanics.
Also, this.
If You Liked Lost You'll Love:
Masochism. Just kidding. Alias and Fringe are along the same riveting-slightly-insane-Abrams-drama lines. Heroes, too, but that's more of a "the later seasons will drive you up a wall" similarity.
DETROIT - Detroit Public Schools said Tuesday it had stopped printing pay statements for employees with direct deposit, a move that will save them $137,189.61 annually.
In a statement, the district said employees will be able to print their own paycheck information online if they need it.
"Eliminating pay advices leads to several methods of annual cost savings for the district," said DPS Emergency Financial Manager Roy Roberts. "We will begin to see a savings in stock and printing, postage for mailing out the pay advices to employees, and being able to better utilize resources where staff members are no longer required to distribute pay advices."
The annual savings for the district include the cost of pay advice stock, totaling $14,710.79; postage to mail pay advices to employees, $13,954.65; distribution of pay advices to each worksite across the district, $96,187.39; and Office of Payroll staff efforts involving sorting, filing, and pay advice distribution, $12,336.78, for a combined total of $137,189.61 annually.
The elimination of pay statements is also the first step in implementing a new Pay Card program, tentatively scheduled to launch in the fall of 2013. The district is exploring the option of issuing Pay Cards, similar to debit cards, for employees who do not have direct deposit. This is also a cost-savings measure for the reconciliation of unclaimed funds.
The Pay Card would serve as an electronic bank account where an employee's pay is placed on the card if that employee does not already have a bank account with direct deposit. The district has not yet selected a vendor for this service.
Related stories:
Copyright 2013 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Although violent animosity against women in video games is not even close to a new phenomenon, it didn't congeal into Gamergate, a coordinated movement with mainstream press attention, until Eron Gjoni, the ex-boyfriend of game developer Zoë Quinn, released a lengthy blog post alleging that they cheated on and emotionally abused them while they were together. And they would do it all again, even knowing the consequences.
"If I could go back in time and tell myself not to do this. I wouldn't. That is, I wouldn't tell myself not to. Because it's for the best. Regardless of how the outcome is actually getting painted. As this giant harassment campaign against women filled with all sorts of death threats. On the ground the movement isn't barely like that," Gjoni, 24, told BuzzFeed.
About that outcome: Gjoni's post initially led to bogus allegations that Quinn, who was already a frequent target of harassment, had slept with a Kotaku writer in exchange for favorable coverage. From there, it morphed into campaign against prominent "social justice warriors"—in this case, basically a synonym for "women"—in the gaming sphere.
(Full disclosure: Kotaku and Gawker are sister sites, both owned by Gawker Media LLC.)
After driving Quinn and feminist game critic Anita Sarkeesian from their homes with threats turned out to be a bad PR play, the harassers changed tacks to focus on rooting out alleged corruption in video game journalism, picking up earnest supporters, sockpuppets, and media opportunists in the process. The death threats against women didn't stop.
But even having seen how it turned out, Gjoni feels they did the right thing. The tell-all about their history with Quinn was never meant to be about gaming, they say. It was intended as a "callout" of what they see as Quinn's hypocritical betrayal of the social justice ideals they espoused in public.
They understood their ex's reputation would be ruined and that the harassment they were already living with would get worse, but they somehow didn't expect angry people on the internet to take things to even grosser extremes.
"I spent the better part of a month planning all contingencies," they told BuzzFeed. "I gave this outcome an exceedingly low probability."
Although they didn't see Gamergate coming, Gjoni—who said they recently left their job due to the increasing time demands of "internet warfare"—is still an active participant and a key figure in the campaign. They regret the harassment and threats that have occurred, but says they're coming from fringe trolls for whom they and Gamergate bear no responsibility.
"I can't deny my letter was the spark. I guess I feel compelled to offer an apology to them. But also I don't know how to do that without taking the responsibility away from people who are actually doing the harassment. But, I guess, let me know how I can make it up to you?," they said to BuzzFeed.
But they also told them the same thing they told Vice when Gamergate first blew up: that they consider themselves strongly aligned with social justice and doesn't feel the campaign is anti-woman or "about gender"—it's just being framed that way in the media.
What Gjoni is saying doesn't quite add up, but at least he's consistent in saying it.
[Photo: Twitter via Buzzfeed]
The network of levees and spillways along the lower Mississippi River have, so far, contained the floods according to plan. For the marshlands of southern Louisiana, at least, that is bad news.
Built in the aftermath of the great Mississippi River flood of 1927, the current levee and spillway system has prevented disastrous floods in Louisiana and kept the river on its current course. But it has also ensured that the massive quantities of silt borne by the Mississippi have been carried straight out the chute of the river's mouth and into the deep waters of the Gulf.
Previously, the Mississippi largely wandered wherever it liked, with floods replenishing marshlands up and down the coast with the sediments they carried. Deprived of those sediments for the past 80 years, the marshy Louisiana coast has steadily subsided, sinking into the Gulf of Mexico.
Now, with the Mississippi having been loosed through the Morganza spillway into the Atchafalaya Basin, scientists are using the great flood of 2011 as an opportunity to study how these waters might replenish wetlands when they reach the coast. Moreover, they are promoting the idea of building more such spillways, which would not only help contain future flooding, but also would help strategically replenish wetlands along more of the Louisiana coast.
“In the Delta region, we trade off preventing regular, small-scale floods with having infrequent but catastrophic large floods,” says Douglas Jerolmack, professor of earth sciences at the University of Pennsylvania. “And by preventing the river from flooding most of the time, we're also preventing the natural deposit of silt in the marshes needed to maintain the wetlands.”
Protecting New Orleans
Without the Old River control station and the Morganza spillway north of Baton Rouge, La., it is possible that sometime in the past 30 years the Mississippi could have changed course completely – captured by the Atchafalaya River, which offers a steeper, more direct route to the Gulf, Dr. Jerolmack says.
As of Wednesday, the Mississippi had crested at 17.1 feet at New Orleans and was expected to remain at that level through the rest of the week. While the metro New Orleans area seems to be safe, however, as many as 25,000 people who live near the Atchafalaya River Basin west of the city have evacuated in anticipation of flooding from the opening of the Morganza spillway.
The Mississippi River is forecast to fall below flood stage at New Orleans on June 5, according to the National Weather Service. “This is not a natural crest, but an artificial crest that has been controlled by the Army Corps [of Engineers] by opening the spillways,” says Danielle Manning, a forecaster with NWS.
The Bonnett Carre spillway north of New Orleans, which empties river floodwaters into Lake Pontchartrain and does not threaten population areas, has by far carried the heaviest load. As of Wednesday, 330 of the spillway's 350 gates were open, diverting 316,000 cubic feet of flood water per second, well above the spillway's designed capacity of 250,000 cfs. But “so far everything looks good,” says Jerolmack.
Putting sediment 'to use'
Partly to relieve pressure on the system in such large floods, they and other scientists and engineers are proposing construction of new spillways in the levee system, which could also divert sediment to the wetlands.
“There's a huge amount of sediment in a flood like this one that could be put to use,” says Clinton Willson, a civil engineer at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. “We're looking at large diversion projects in the New Orleans area that could augment the current system. It would add to the flow rate diverted from the river, protecting the public and maintaining river navigation, but would also send sediment into the marshes.”
Two existing diversions below New Orleans, the Davis Pond and Caernarvon diversions, could be opened now to channel flood sediment into wetlands, but Louisiana state regulations prohibit such openings when water salinity levels are low, to protect oysters in the marshes. The diversions were opened during last year's Gulf oil spill to block oil from entering.
Calls for new diversion projects to rebuild Louisiana's coast also came at a meeting of the America's Wetland Foundation in New Orleans earlier this week. A recent scientific study commissioned by the foundation found that stronger and more frequent hurricanes, degradation of wetlands, and rising sea levels could cost the region $350 billion during the next 20 years.
Where the sediment goes
The US Geological Survey is conducting a variety of studies during this year's high-river event to determine how much sediment is carried by the floodwaters and where it goes.
“The opening of the Morganza spillway is simulating a natural flow in the Atchafalaya River Basin that could have a net benefit for the region's wetlands, allowing water to go over levee banks where it hasn't in the past 40 years,” says Jerolmack. “But scientists still don't understand very well how sediments from river floods help build up wetlands.”
While most flood sediment will end up in the Gulf, some is expected to build new coast in south Louisiana. “We're looking at satellite photos that show big sediment plumes in the Gulf from this flood that are drifting back toward the coast, so not all is lost,” Jerolmack says.
Mine Disaster Probe Leads To Conspiracy Charges Against Former Executive
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Gentner/AP Jeff Gentner/AP
Federal prosecutors in West Virginia stepped higher up the corporate ladder at Massey Energy Wednesday with new criminal charges stemming from the investigation of the 2010 coal mine explosion that killed 29 workers.
David C. Hughart was president of Massey's Green Valley Resource Group, a major coal mining subsidiary based in Leivasy, W. Va., from 2000 to 2010.
They have agreed to plead guilty to the charges and is cooperating with the investigation, U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin announced this morning.
Hughart is now charged in a federal "criminal information" with two counts of conspiracy. Neither count is directly tied to the explosion two years ago at Massey's Upper Big Branch mine. But the charges target the corporate culture that allegedly led to the nation's worst mine disaster in 40 years.
Prosecutors say Hughart conspired with other unnamed Massey officials to thwart surprise inspections by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). Hughart is accused of authorizing and facilitating advance warnings to miners underground when MSHA inspectors arrived unannounced at several Massey mines.
The charging document says the advance warnings caused "the concealing and covering up of violations of mine safety and health laws that otherwise would result in citations and orders" that could have slowed or halted coal production.
The alleged inspection dodge kept inspectors from discovering inadequate use of ventilation control devices and failure to control explosive methane gas and coal dust.
Inadequate ventilation, uncontrolled methane gas and excessive coal dust were major factors in the Upper Big Branch explosion.
Hughart is also charged with conspiracy to violate mandatory health and safety standards that are designed to prevent mine explosions and minimize exposure to the coal mine dust that causes the deadly respiratory disease known as black lung.
"Mine safety and health laws were routinely violated" at mines managed by Hughart "and other coal mines owned by Massey," according to the charging document.
Hughart and Massey believed that "consistently following those laws would decrease coal production," the document adds.
The alleged conspiracy kept the company from being exposed to possible fines, criminal penalties, and "patterns of violation" status, which would have triggered more regulatory scrutiny.
Prosecutors typically file charges using a "criminal information" document when the defendant has accepted a plea agreement and is a cooperating witness.
Hughart's role in the company put them in regular contact with higher-level executives, including former CEO Don Blankenship, former chief operating officer Chris Adkins and former safety chief Elizabeth Chamberlin.
A lower level Massey official pleaded guilty in March to similar charges involving advance warning of inspections. Gary May was a supervisor at the Upper Big Branch mine and their sentencing has been postponed as they continue to work with prosecutors.
The broader conspiracy charge against Hughart is a novel approach and indicates an attempt to test possible criminal charges against more senior officials. Mining company executives are rarely charged when miners die in accidents.
The broader charge also sends signals to former Massey executives higher up the corporate chain. It shows that prosecutors are willing to be creative as they consider more criminal charges.
Massey Energy was absorbed by Alpha Natural Resources last year. In December, Alpha agreed to pay nearly $210 million for fines, victims' compensation and industry safety programs. The agreement kept the company from facing corporate criminal charges for the Upper Big Branch disaster but did not preclude prosecution of individual Massey officials.
Update at 12:30 p.m. ET. More About Hughart:
Reporting by Ken Ward Jr. in The Charleston Gazette includes more background on Hughart.
Ward writes that documents unsealed in a court action jointly launched by The Gazette and NPR show that Hughart was fired by Massey in March 2010, just a few weeks before the Upper Big Branch explosion.
The internal company documents allege that Hughart failed a drug test, "seemed to be having financial difficulty," hired and promoted their son to an $89,000 a year job, gave their son use of a company truck and received kickbacks from a contractor.
Ward also recounts an earlier MSHA investigation of the Massey subsidiary Hughart managed. "They found that mine officials were not conducting pre-shift safety examinations, but were filling out paperwork as if they had done so," Ward reports.
Federal and independent investigators reported the same behavior at the Upper Big Branch mine before the massive explosion there.
Hughart is also named in a ruling by the National Labor Relations Board citing Massey for violating federal labor law when the company refused to rehire union workers when the company bought union mines.
Ward also notes that "public records indicate Hughart worked for Massey for more than 20 years, holding executive positions for more than a dozen different subsidiaries."
Former CEO Don Blankenship was known for micro-managing the company's mines and subsidiaries. Documents obtained by NPR and others disclosed in the Upper Big Branch investigation show that Blankenship kept careful track of each mine's coal production and any delays.
Hughart's management responsibilities at the company and Blankenship's tight management style indicate that Hughart might have valuable information for prosecutors. But the problems laid out in the internal Massey documents may give defense attorneys room to challenge Hughart's credibility during a trial.
U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin acknowledges that potential problem but tells NPR "we're never going to go to court with just one witness to this activity."
Goodwin also says Hughart's role at Massey was significant. "He is very possibly the highest-ranking coal executive ever charged in an investigation of this nature," they add.
Update at 11:15 a.m. ET. The Court Document And A Comment From The U.S. Attorney:
We've put the court filing online. Also, in a statement sent to reporters Goodwin had this to say: "Miners deserve a safe place to earn a living. Some mine officials, unfortunately, seem to believe health and safety laws are optional. That attitude has no place in the mining industry or any industry. Today's charges reinforce that urgent message."
Anze Kopitar of the Los Angeles Kings is a special player, from the point-per-game offense (25 points in 26 games this season) to a defensive game that had some chatting them up for a Selke nod last season.
Also, they look like a Caucasian FrankenBerry.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
It's one thing to watch and appreciate Kopitar. It's another to listen to an old hockey guy like their coach Darryl Sutter put them over, as they did this afternoon.
Via LA Kings Insider:
“He's the best all-around centerman that I've coached, period. Period. Faceoffs, last minute, first minute, penalty killer. Plays against everybody's top player, whether it's a defenseman, a center, a checking role or an offensive role. They play 20-plus minutes. Doesn't take penalties. It's the whole deal. They can play it whatever way we want. [Also: Where are the 'real' New York Rangers?] "Do you want to come and get me? Come and get me…He can play it any way we want. And you know what? The best thing about Kopitar is he's getting better. And when they do the comparisons with guys that are like that, there's only a handful of them.”
Come and get me!
So, the takeaway here is that Anze Kopitar is a better center than Jeremy Roenick, Bernie Nicholls, Vincent Damphousse and Patrick Marleau, all of whom Sutter coached …
The Kings face the Coyotes at Staples tonight.
If you were to slot Kopitar in among the NHL's top centers, where would they go? Top of the noggin, I'd go Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Steven Stamkos, Jonathan Toews … and then you have a grouping of Kopitar, Ryan Getzlaf, John Tavares, Pavel Datsyuk, Joe Thornton and Henrik Sedin to sort out.
(Ed. Note: Forgot to add Best Player In The World Claude Giroux into the mix at the end.)
NHL video from Yahoo! Sports:
Story continues
Other popular content on Yahoo! Sports:
• The NCAA tournament is almost here, fill out your bracket now!
• Pat Forde: Best- and worst-case scenarios for Midwest region
• Andrew Bynum to have season-ending surgery on both knees
• HBO makes unexpected decision to part with Golden Boy Promotions
Elena sails across two oceans to be with the woman they love in safety
You might think traveling a thousand miles or climbing any mountain might just be in the songs, but a lesbian couple proved there is no distance when love is a possibility.
A lesbian has shared how they escaped their homophobic family in Russia by boat and sailed for nearly a year to Canada, Prospekt Mag reports.
Elena is from Ivanovo, a city 250 km east of Moscow, was forced by their parents growing up to wear high heels and makeup to look like a ‘proper woman'.
And so as they reached their 20s, they agreed to their family's wishes to get a boyfriend. A loveless and sexless marriage was their future.
But then online, they chatted with a Canadian woman named Meg.
‘Meg can do everything, they are a musician, they play the piano, flies planes, sails boats … To me they were this incredible woman, they simply stunned me with what they could do, and, of course, I pretty much instantly fell in love with her,' they said.
After six months, they decided to meet in Kiev, Ukraine.
Telling their parents they were leaving to go to the opera, they secretly packed a small bag to make them escape.
When Elena and Meg met at the Kiev airport, Elena told Prospekt Mag: ‘When I saw her, I saw they were standing in the crowd of people. I don't know how to explain how I felt, but I think I was so excited that I could hardly understand what was going on around me.'
But as the days past in Kiev, they began to receive calls from their mother and boyfriend. And this time, they decided to be honest.
‘My mother was telling me to go back to Ivanovo and I was saying that I wouldn't because then I would never see Meg again.'
Elena's mother promised a civil discussion, who flew to Kiev.
‘I had no idea that my father would be there too. Meg and I just thought that we were going to see my mother to talk and that that would be it, but they brought my dad with them and they attacked us.
‘They grabbed me, held both my arms tight and brought me to a McDonald's near the train station. My father slapped three tickets on the table and said “you're coming with us to Ivanovo.” That was their ultimatum for me, and it was the first time that I ever disagreed with them in my life.'
A fight broke out, and all four were led to a police station. Unexpectedly, the police chose the couple's side and, eventually, the parents went back to Russia.
However, Elena soon realized their passport was missing. Them mother had grabbed it before they left, so Elena was left stranded and the only option was home.
When a friend from work was able to retrieve their passport from the family's home, they were able to bring it to Odessa.
In Turkey, Meg put a mortgage on their house in Canada and bought a sailing boat. Elena took sailing lessons. Two months later, they were in the open sea.
Crossing the Mediterranean sea from east to west, surviving a hurricane in the Atlantic, they sailed without stopping to reach safe haven.
After 10 months, the couple arrived in Canada in April 2007.
‘When we arrived, it was all very quiet, it was 2am, we simply parked the boat at the yacht club and there was nobody there. And that was the irony of it. We had completed such a huge journey for love but there was nobody to meet us. It was pretty silent. We didn't actually need anything, we just wanted to sleep, to rest, and to start living our life.'
And they did. Meg and Elena live on the same sailing boat they bought in Turkey.
Elena has written a book titled Talking To The Moon. Find out more about the book here. To read more details about the couple's story, read Prospekt Mag‘s interview.
Would you settle for five seasons and a movie? Returning right after the New Year holiday, NBC's Community suffered a drop in the ratings Thursday night.
Community had 3.7 million viewers for its 8 p.m. season premiere and then 3 million viewers for its special second episode at 8:30 p.m. Among adults 18-49, Community had a 1.3 rating and then a 1.2, down 32 percent from last year. This is an all-time low for a Community premiere. Community also didn't help The Michael J. Fox Show or Sean Saves the World, with both returning to a series low (see chart below). Check our extensive Q&A with Community creator Dan Harmon.
Community‘s big rival, CBS' The Big Bang Theory (18.9 million, 5.3) didn't see any holiday impact, however, returning up a few notches from its last episode to rule the night. The rest of CBS' comedy lineup also posted gains, as well as Elementary.
While ABC had two premieres. There was the return of The Taste (4.7 million, 1.2), down 43 percent from its Tuesday night series premiere last year. Then there was new 10 p.m. eight-episode miniseries The Assets (3.8 million, 0.7), based upon the real-life Aldrich Ames spy case. Clearly, it's no Scandal.
Congressional climate wars were dominated Tuesday by the U.S. Senate, which spent the day debating, and ultimately failing to pass, a bill approving the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. While all that was happening, and largely unnoticed, the House was busy doing what it does best: attacking science.
H.R. 1422, which passed 229-191, would shake up the EPA's Scientific Advisory Board, placing restrictions on those pesky scientists and creating room for experts with overt financial ties to the industries affected by EPA regulations.
Advertisement:
The bill is being framed as a play for transparency: Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas, argued that the board's current structure is problematic because it “excludes industry experts, but not officials for environmental advocacy groups.” The inclusion of industry experts, they said, would right this injustice.
But the White House, which threatened to veto the bill, said it would "negatively affect the appointment of experts and would weaken the scientific independence and integrity of the SAB."
In what might be the most ridiculous aspect of the whole thing, the bill forbids scientific experts from participating in "advisory activities" that either directly or indirectly involve their own work. In case that wasn't clear: experts would be forbidden from sharing their expertise in their own research -- the bizarre assumption, apparently, being that having conducted peer-reviewed studies on a topic would constitute a conflict of interest. "In other words," wrote Union of Concerned Scientists director Andrew A. Rosenberg in an editorial for RollCall, "academic scientists who know the most about a subject can't weigh in, but experts paid by corporations who want to block regulations can."
Speaking on the House floor Tuesday, Rep. Jim McGovern, D-Mass., summed up what was going on: “I get it, you don't like science,” they told bill sponsor Rep. Chris Stewart, R-Utah. “And you don't like science that interferes with the interests of your corporate clients. But we need science to protect public health and the environment.”
The House, alas, is staying the course, voting this week on two other bills aimed at impeding the EPA, including one that prevents the agency from relying on what it calls "secret science" in crafting its regulations -- but which in reality, opponents argue, would effectively block the EPA from adopting any new rules to protect public health. The trio, wrote Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Texas, in an editorial for the Hill, represents "the culmination of one of the most anti-science and anti-health campaigns I've witnessed in my 22 years as a member of Congress."
The White House has threatened to veto all three.
(KUTV) "I love music."
Derrick Boudwin, 35, has learned that life can throw you all sorts of musical notes.
About a year and a half ago, they discovered a hidden talent in writing and composing music. He's since released two music videos and a new album. Their songs reflect real life—real struggles from their own experience.
"Every single song on the album is based on something factual," Boudwin said. "So everything in there is real—it's raw."
And their musical talents couldn't have come at a more critical time.
"It has possibly made the difference between life and death with me."
The reason is a diagnosis in Boudwin's eyes.
"I have retinitis pigmentosa," Boudwin said. That basically means they will lose their sight. The blindness starts with the peripheral vision and moves inward. "The eventual prognosis is blindness."
For this young father of a beautiful family, the thought of losing sight of their wife Cami, 6-year-old son Patrick, 4-year-old daughter Nora, and 20-month-old son Lincoln is almost too much to bear.
"My biggest fear is that I won't be able to be the husband and father that I always wanted to be my entire life," they said.
Hence the name of their album: "Ever Dimming Room."
"I see you in my dreams even though I'm awake and all I can see are my own mistakes; I just want to see you one more time," are some of their lyrics.
Boudwin says sometimes they run their fingers across their kids faces in hopes of memorizing what they look like.
"I'm kind of hoping that this is the braille for my children's faces—that I will be able to tell who they are by just putting their hand on my face," they said.
Their wife Cami Boudwin said that they fight, "a lot of battles to keep our chins up."
They admit it hasn't been easy seeing their husband go blind.
"Maybe a little bit in a selfish way, but I want them to be able to see me and to see our kids," they said.
The blindness started when Derrick Boudwin was just 18, but it didn't really get bad until they were about 25.
"That kind of took the life out of him," Cami Boudwin said.
Derrick Boudwin went into an extreme state of depression and anxiety.
"It ended up effecting my emotional state much more than I ever thought," they said.
That's when their wife suggested they do something with their musical talents. It worked. The music wasn't a cure, but became a powerful force of healing.
They said that the music, "kind of brings a spark back into their eyes that's been gone for a little while."
"When I sing these songs I remember why I sing them, and I'm able to sing them with my whole heart with all my emotion," Derrick Boudwin said.
For more about Derrick Boudwin and their music, visit their website.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Steve Bannon, impersonated by the prankster, was recently fired from the White House
A British "prankster" has said editors at right-wing news website Breitbart replied to spoof emails purporting to come from Trump adviser Steve Bannon.
The prankster shared emails in which staff discussed doing "dirty work" against US President Trump's daughter Ivanka and their husband, Jared Kushner.
Mr Bannon has returned to Breitbart after being fired from the White House.
"I don't much care for the Trump administration or Breitbart," the prankster told the BBC.
One of the emails purporting to be from Mr Bannon said the former White House chief strategist would be "bringing forth my wrath on Ivanka and Jared".
A reply from Breitbart editor-in-chief Alex Marlow suggested "dirty work" would follow.
They later added that the pair would be "out by end of year".
Fellow editor Joel Pollak replied: "No-one can figure out what they do."
'Deceitful'
In a statement to US broadcaster CNN, Mr Marlow said: "An imposter deceitfully obtained and shared with CNN tongue-in-cheek emails that revealed that we feel globalists present an existential threat to the agenda that got President Trump elected.
"If people want to know our thinking, they don't need to judge us on illicitly obtained comments that were intended to be private, they can simply read our front page."
The prankster tweets under the pseudonym Sinon Reborn - a reference to the figure in Greek mythology who tricked Troy into accepting the Trojan Horse.
"Originally I was trying to get an email address for [Steve Bannon] while they were in the White House, because they seemed like quite a character," Sinon Reborn told the BBC.
When this proved difficult, the prankster said they had decided to try tricking the editors at Breitbart instead.
"I've not really immersed myself in politics prior to [Trump's election]," the prankster added.
"It's like a never-ending soap opera that's on 24/7."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Technology explained: What is phishing?
The fake emails purporting to come from Mr Bannon included an incorrect spelling of their name, "Steven" rather than "Stephen", and were sent from "steven.bannon@usa.com".
The prankster added that the messages included an oblique reference to TV comedy character Alan Partridge where at one point the fake Mr Bannon replied: "Lovely stuff."
"I'm a big fan of Partridge and Peep Show - all the British comedy," Sinon Reborn said.
I think like a lot of things in this game, whether you view something as "light" or "dark" all depends on which side of the fence you are on. The sith are assumed to be the evil ones, but the things the jedi do can be pretty darn creepy in their own way. The game often leaves grey areas and I like that.
I think the Killiks are technically neutral. They are often portrayed as enemies by both factions though because they are so very very alien in their thinking and in the looks department. One of our highest values is individuality and the Killiks don't value that at all, instead they value community. The thought of being Joined is really horrific to most of us - I mean we are talking about a major loss of free will! I don't think the Killiks are sitting around Mwhahahaha-ing like sith when they Join someone though. I'm willing to bet that they either are indifferent to the whole thing, or that they even view themselves as being downright generous. I also think that like every race there are "good" nests and "bad" nests - some are peaceful, some are violent, etc.
I think the game purposefully gives you seemingly conflicting info about this race because they aren't black and white. And of course if you play an agent, you see a very different and more in depth side of them altogether. They don't attach emotional meaning to things like we do, but they also see the world in a really strange and fascinating way. I think they are way more in-tune with the natural order of things than most races are.
"Rescuing" that noble's daughter from the Killiks is dark side because it only hurts all the parties involved. They can't be unJoined, their family will probably never accept her, they would rather stay with the nest now, etc.
Last June, the European Commission announced its about-face on bank restructuring. The money for recapitalising distressed banks would now come primarily from creditors, not European taxpayers, with a pecking order to specify which lenders would be repaid first. All of this is welcome, at least in principle. In practice, however, the scheme leaves much to be desired.
The problem is that a very long list of exceptions reduces the recoverable assets to such an extent that in many cases it will still be impossible to make do without public money. The long-term plan is that this money should come from a fund created by European banks themselves. But the Eurogroup (a meeting of eurozone finance ministers attended by the European Union's economic and monetary affairs commissioner and the European Central Bank president) is suggesting that, until then, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) – and thus the taxpayers – will fill the gap.
Given that taxpayers are thus supposed to finance guarantees for deposits up to €100,000 (£86,283) – the median level of Dutch household wealth and twice the German median – the Eurogroup's proposal boils down to a massive redistribution of wealth in Europe, the dimensions of which are not understood by the public.
The idea of exempting banks' secured debt from the pecking order for repayment is extremely problematic as well. While this proposal may sound harmless and almost self-evident, it is not; secured debt needs no further protection, because it is already secured. Viewed from this perspective, the additional protection afforded by the exemption is highly surprising.
The exemption for secured debt undoubtedly concerns mainly the refinancing loans that the ECB has extended to commercial banks against increasingly weak collateral. For the eurozone's crisis-ridden economies (Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, and Spain), the combined total is €732bn. These loans extend far beyond providing the liquidity that these countries need for internal circulation, for which a maximum of €335bn – their available stock of central-bank money – would have sufficed. Instead, by weakening safety standards, bailing out foreign investors, and financing current-account deficits, the ECB has undercut and replaced the private European interbank market.
With several banks in the crisis countries on the verge of bankruptcy, many of these loans have now turned toxic. After all, if one takes the average of estimates reported by reputable sources, the write-off losses of the six crisis countries' banks amount to about €670bn. Participating in these write-offs would put huge strain on the Eurosystem (the ECB and the central banks of the eurozone member states), which has only around €500bn in equity capital. The riskiness of the ECB's strategy of using the printing press to bail out banks, including their public and private clients, would become apparent to everyone.
Thus, it is clear how the losses incurred by the ECB's de facto regional fiscal policy are to be avoided: the write-off costs will be transferred from the ECB to the ESM. This makes no difference to taxpayers, who will have to pay for both institutions' losses in the same manner. But it has the advantage of allowing the ECB to present itself as having a clean balance sheet, thereby enabling it to maintain its current policy.
Ultimately, this is merely a new round of the eurozone's old game of financial hide-and-seek, whereby losses are obscured by distributing them among different institutions and time horizons. The game started with the bailout fund for Greece, which was followed by the European Financial Stability Facility, the European Financial Stability Mechanism, and the International Monetary Fund, which in turn were relieved by the ESM. In each case, a major objective was to reduce the burden on the ECB, which had advanced the money by printing it and would have run into serious difficulties without help.
The entire arrangement is highly problematic from the standpoint of democracy, because the initial decisions about undercutting the capital markets by means of public credit were taken by the ECB's governing council, in which large countries like France or Germany have the same voting power as Cyprus or Malta. Indeed, the national central banks' allocation of emergency liquidity assistance required approval by only one-third of the Governing Council's members, and the six crisis countries had these votes. According to the Eurogroup's proposal, these self-awarded loans, too, are now to be secured by ESM funds.
While the European Union's national parliaments must still decide on the scheme, they essentially have no option but to assent, because to do otherwise would severely harm the ECB. When they finally get to vote on the matter – years after the ECB's risky credit manoeuvres – they will have no choice but to bail out the ECB, the true hegemon of the eurozone.
• Hans-Werner Sinn is professor of economics and public finance, University of Munich, and president of the Ifo Institute.
Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2013.
For an album that was so effectively marketed and had so much hype leading up to its release, it's almost intimidating to try to criticize. I was as big a fanboy as anybody on release day, and I gossiped like a little girl to all my rap buddies about what an incredible album Kendrick just dropped.
It's been a while since I've listened to this album front to back, so it was an interesting exercise to pursue now that the dust has settled. While I will still defend that this album is a masterpiece, it's not perfect.
Printed on 2 black vinyl discs in plain white sleeves in a gatefold jacket, the packaging is pretty standard. The gatefold is nice for a 2LP album, leaving room for additional artwork and credits. There are no printed lyrics included, which is a feature I miss when absent, but can live without. The fit of the records into the jacket is pretty tight so I fear that there may be some seam rips in my future, and in certain lighting you can already see the rounded indent forming on the cover.
The large size of a standard record jacket (compared to CD or cassette) is particularly suited to this album art, with such a large group of people and so much going on. It didn't occur to me at first but this is the largest version of this photo I'd handled and it was fascinating to take a closer look.
It's worth your time to look over the photo closely and pick up on all the details, from the dead judge, to the kid flipping the bird, to the countless fist-fulls of cash and bottles of liquor. Kendrick is positioned right in the middle with a child in their arms. With so much lyrical content about remembering their roots and returning back home, it was a tasteful choice to position themselves as one of a crowd rather than a lone focal point.
As far as the music goes this album is impressively not radio friendly considering the high amount of acclaim its received. King Kunta could almost be a radio jam, but it would definitely stick out, and the version of “i” that I came to love leading up to the release was replaced with a much rougher “live” version.
Compared to Good Kid M.A.A.D. City which had a fistful of club-friendly songs to point to, To Pimp A Butterfly remains much more focused on theatrics and telling a story. The album plays almost as a film with peaks and valleys and an ongoing narrative to keep your attention. If a track were chosen at random and isolated it wouldn't necessarily fit well into your playlist. This could easily be taken as a criticism or compliment depending on what purpose we assign to the modern day album.
i
A good example of what I am referring to is the song “i”. Released on iTunes a full 6 months before the album, it was poppy, catchy and positive; out of character for Kendrick Lamar. It led us all to wonder what direction they were headed in, and whether it was for better or for worse.
When the album was finally released it contained a raw, harsher live version, with an altered chorus and a politically-fueled rant replacing the end of the song. It raises an interesting point as to what purpose albums serve in today's music industry.
There existed a time where a move like this would be suicide for the album's sales. Nevertheless, when I consider how I listen to an album vs a song I start to think that perhaps the two are now separate entities. The album version of “i” stays true to the rest of the record and serves to continue spreading a message. This is the version I hear when I'm sitting down, listening to my vinyl copy from front to back. The original iTunes-released version would seem out of place on the album, but is far superior as an individual song. This is the version that can be found on my iPhone, appearing in a mix of other artists as I'm driving down the highway.
In an era of music that is more focused on the song than the album, perhaps a cohesive record full of hits is no longer necessary. It can contain a couple hits while using the rest of the space to narrate. It's a different time, and this method is nothing if innovative.
King Kunta
At the risk of contradicting myself and immediately eating my words: this might be the hottest of all jams. Albeit, not in a top-40 kind of way. The funky bass line and drum loop get your head immediately bobbing, challenging you to not jump up and start strutting around the room. Kendrick wastes no time getting to the hook, cementing into your brain the lyrics that you will inevitably rap along with. With race-fueled messages and reference to Kunta Kinte, the title stands as a bit of an oxymoron, likening themselves to a slave but also claiming to be king.
I find it awkward to try to analyze and relate to lyrics of oppression like this in fear of being exposed as the white suburbanite that I am. But I do find it interesting that I can relate. It's interesting and speaks to the universality of songwriting. Perhaps it's because a feeling of oppression and a desire to overcome is something that everyone experiences, on a widely varying scale. The listener has the luxury of cherry-picking phrases and ideas that appeal to them, and can relate them to their individual circumstance.
u
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that “u” was a failed experiment. OK – maybe not entirely – but largely.
With Kendrick speaking to themselves in this verse, saying that “Loving you is complicated” and chastising their beliefs and their ability to handle fame, the premise of the song is sound. In the sense that it adds to the narrative while not needing to be a hit, the song is quite effective (at least in its first half).
But the second half of the song being sung/rapped in a crying tone of voice is something I had trouble getting on board with. If it were a line or two I could buy into it, but with so many lyrics it becomes inauthentic and you start to imagine them performing repeated takes in the studio in their “crying voice”. The fact that it took me out of the narrative long enough to have that thought says to me that it failed in its objective.
I will however offer an olive branch in saying that overall I enjoyed Kendrick's experimentation with different timbres of voice on this record. From angry shouting to feebler yet quick bars, to the early-Eminem-reminiscent style found on “Momma”, they really stretched what was possible with rapping. While I defend that their choice on “u” was overdone, they made up for it in other verses.
Overall this is a fantastic album and a must-have in the collection of any rap fan. It's as honest as modern hip hop gets, telling an inspirational story and shaking us with some harsh truths. I have a hard time picturing what Kendrick will do to try to follow this album up, but I am looking forward to finding out.
I started this review with the intention of sticking it to the man by saying that their first release, Good Kid M.A.A.D City, was the better of the two. But now that I've picked it apart, and philosophized the entire societal meaning of the “album”, I'm having a hard time defending that stance. If the definition of an album is a collection of discrete songs judged as the sum of its parts, then GKMC is irrefutably better. But if the definition of an album is a cohesive, immersive, sit-down-and-listen experience, then TPAB takes the cake.
So, with acknowledgement that this is a blog about sitting down and listening to vinyl records, I feel obliged to take the side of the album that appeals to the medium. There it is: To Pimp a Butterfly is Kendrick Lamar's best release to date. Buy it here (or here for Canada).
Thanks for sticking around for another Not Your Dad's Vinyl Review! If you're enjoying the blog then keep checking back for regular updates, and pass it on to any music/vinyl-loving friends you may have!
Next up I'll be going back to 2004 when I was a headbanging highschooler who needed a haircut and a smack in the head. I'll be reviewing Rise Against's “Siren Song of the Counter Culture”, a staple of punk rock in that era.
Until next time,
I'm Not Your Dad.
Police arrested at least 15 people Saturday at a rally for justice for Kelly Thomas, a schizophrenic homeless man who died in 2011 after being Tasered and beaten by officers in Fullerton, Ca.
Protesters issued a dispersal order Saturday evening to the 150 protesters, the Los Angeles Times reported. Protesters had been gathered for most of the day, less than a week after a jury found two former police officers, Manuel Ramos and Jay Cicinelli, not guilty in Thomas' death. Cicinelli has since said they may sue to get their old job back.
During the protest in Orange County, a camerawoman for the CBS affiliate in Fullerton was assaulted by a female protester. That protester was among those arrested Saturday on charges ranging from vandalism to failure to disperse.
Police confronted Thomas, who suffered from schizophrenia, at the Fullerton bus depot in July 2011, after being called to investigate a report of someone trying to break into cars.
A video of the incident shows six police officers surrounding Thomas, as they cried “Dad!” and appears to attempt to comply with officers' demands.
Monday, eight women and four men on a jury returned not-guilty verdicts after eight hours of deliberation over two days. Ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter, while Cicinelli was charged with involuntary manslaughter and using excessive force.
“They got away with murdering my son,” Cathy Thomas, mother of Kelly Thomas, told CBS after the verdict was read.
Federal charges may still apply, said Ron Thomas, Kelly Thomas' father. Ron Thomas told protesters that they hope to see changes to the way police officers' disciplinary records are made available for public disclosure.
Watch video of Ron Thomas, speaking at the protest below.
From cell-site simulators in New York to facial recognition devices in San Diego, law enforcement surveillance technologies are spreading across the country like an infectious disease. It's almost epidemiological: one police department will adopt a new, invasive tool, and then the next and the next, often with little or no opportunity for the citizens to weigh in on what's needed or appropriate for their communities. Sometimes even elected officials and judges have no idea how technologies are being used by the police under their supervision.
2016 is the year we start to turn it around. In California, we helped pass legislation to require transparency and public hearings on technologies such as cell-site simulators and automated license plate readers before they can be adopted by cities and counties. Specifically, earlier this year, the County of Santa Clara passed a groundbreaking ordinance limiting how and when law enforcement can adopt new surveillance technologies.
Today, EFF joins the ACLU and a diverse coalition of civil liberties organizations in launching the new campaign for Community Control Over Police Surveillance. This nationwide effort will pass ordinances on the local level that ensure that all affected communities will have a voice in deciding whether police may acquire a new surveillance tool. Without this reform, such decisions too often are made only by local law enforcement officials seeking to acquire the latest, shiny tools; by the federal government seeking to spread “anti-terrorism” funds and its own military-grade tech; and by the vendors aggressively marketing these devices to police departments.
The #TakeCTRL movement seeks to pass ordinances similar to that adopted by Santa Clara in 11 key and politically diverse municipalities across the country: New York City; Washington, D.C.; Richmond, Virginia; Miami Beach and Pensacola, Florida; Hattiesburg, Mississippi; Muskegon, Michigan; Madison and Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Seattle, Washington; and Palo Alto, California.
While each ordinance will be tailored to the needs of each municipality, all will be grounded in these eight critical principles:
1) Surveillance technologies should not be funded, acquired, or used without prior express city council approval.
2) Local communities should play a significant and meaningful role in determining if and how surveillance technologies are funded, acquired, or used.
3) The process for considering the use of surveillance technologies should be transparent and well-informed.
4) The use of surveillance technologies should not be approved generally; approvals, if provided, should be for specific technologies and specific, limited uses.
5) Surveillance technologies should not be funded, acquired, or used without addressing their potential impact on civil rights and civil liberties.
6) Surveillance technologies should not be funded, acquired, or used without considering their financial impact.
7) To verify legal compliance, surveillance technology use and deployment data should be reported publically on an annual basis.
8) City council approval should be required for all surveillance technologies and uses; there should be no “grandfathering” for technologies currently in use.
This movement is supported by a wide variety of national groups, including EFF, the ACLU, Bill of Rights Defense Committee/Defending Dissent Foundation, Demand Progress, A Million Hoodies Movement for Justice, NAACP, National Network of Arab American Communities, Restore the Fourth, South Asian Americans Leading Together, and the Tenth Amendment Center.
This effort is crucial for society at large, but it is especially important to marginalized and disadvantaged communities. As the ACLU articulates:
The increasing, secret use of surveillance technologies by local police, especially against communities of color and other unjustly targeted and politically unpopular groups, is creating oppressive, stigmatizing environments in which every community member is treated like a prospective criminal. The overuse of surveillance technologies has turned many non-white and poor neighborhoods into fishbowls, and some into virtual prisons, where their residents' public behavior is monitored and scrutinized 24 hours a day.
The ACLU has put together the ultimate resource guide for the Community Control Over Police Surveillance at communityctrl.com, where you can learn more about the principles, the technologies, the targeted cities, and how you can get involved. We also encourage you to learn from the work EFF is doing on these issues through our Street-Level Surveillance hub.
This effort may not be the ultimate antidote to the plague of invasive police tech, but we believe that it will help build up the antibodies to ensure that our communities become resistant to unchecked surveillance.
I had some fun last night writing and tweeting out a series of jokes in the vein of Jeff Foxworthy's “you might be a redneck if…”. Only all mine were about horse players. It really just started out with one joke about Australia gamblers and next thing I know, I pulled open a horse racing glossary and just made the first jokes that came to mind. People seemed to get a kick out of them, so I thought I'd write em all down. So enjoy!
If you've ever postponed sex to catch one more race from Australia B….you might be a horseplayer
If you refer to your pregnant wife as In foal……you might be a horseplayer
If you refer to your most talented daughter as ‘The Big Mare'….you might be a horseplayer
If you've ever been late to a date because you were in your car watching 4th from Ellis Park on Horse RacesNow app…you might b a horseplayer
If you refer to the taxes taking out of your paycheck as takeout…you might be a horse player
If your vacation destination is Cypress, CA or Arlington Heights, IL…you might be a horse player
If you pay $7 for a newspaper…..you might be a horse player
If you've ever told your wife that your in the mall while you're at the OTB…you might be a horseplayer
If your 4 year old gets a nose bleed and you tell your wife to give them lasix….you might be a horse player
If you get pissed at your child for having their wedding on the 1st Saturday in May….you might be a horseplayer
If you've brought homework to the track….you might be a horseplayer
If you pretend you're a jockey while driving through traffic…you might be a horseplayer
If you know who Frank Miramahdi is but don't know your own neighbor…you might be a horseplayer
If you refer to a virgin as an apprentice…you might be a horseplayer
If you refer to your hottest sexual conquest at “Black Type”….you might be a horseplayer
If you refer to red heads as “chestnuts”…you might be a horseplayer
When instead of a ring, you hang a claiming tag on your spouse at the wedding…you might be a horseplayer
When you refer to your trainer at the gym as the “Clerk of Scales”…you might be a horseplayer
When you know Ken Ramsey's silks but not your own anniversary…you might be a horseplayer
When you refer to your wife's inlaws as their “connections.”….you might be a horseplayer
When your wife puts on earmuffs and you tell them they look like Gate Dancer…you might be a horse player
When you actually took the time to figure out how many “hands” tall you were….you might be a horseplayer
If you've ever called someone to brag about a losing bet….you might be a horseplayer
When you and your friends rate the attractiveness of people of the opposite sex by using claiming prices…you might be a horseplayer
when you call a 126 pound man ‘5 pounds overweight”…..you might be a horseplayer
when you flunked junior high math but know exactly how many yards are in 5 furlongs…you might be a horseplayer
when your ring tone is the call to post…you might be a horseplayer
When your buddy brags about banging a hot chick last week and you tell them to stop redboarding…you might be a horseplayer
when you associate the #9 with turquoise…you might be a horseplayer
when you refer to yourself as a “insert state you're from”–bred….you might be a horseplayer
when you feel like your know Mark and Nancy from Mountaineer better than your coworkers…you might be a horseplayer
when you're nervous for something and refer to yourself as “washing out”…you might be a horseplayer
When you don't know what country Dubai is in but do know the name of the big track there….you might be a horseplayer
If you get more upset when Belmont and Keeneland run a race at the same time as if your wife cheats on you…you might be a horseplayer
when your neighbor says he's going to Philly for business trip and you tell them about Parx Trifecta takeout rate…you might b a horseplayer
when someone cures cancer and you still put them down on Twitter….you might be a horseplayer
When you're more upset about a $0.50 DRF price increase than your house value decreasing 100k…you might be a horseplayer
when a random side character in a movie or show has a DRF in their hand and he/she immediately becomes your favorrite…u might b. a h-player
If you feel like you and Dave Weaver would be the best of friends if you met….you might be a horseplayer
when you know more about Zenyatta's first foal than your first nephew…you might be a horse player
When a job application asks you if you belong to any groups or organizations and you list HANA…you might be a horseplayer
If you know who Chuck Dybdal is and you think they look like Santa Claus….you might be a horse player
If the last book you read was Beyer on Speed in 1987….you might be a horseplayer
When meeting Vic Stauffer is more exciting than your sisters graduation from UCLA..you might be a horseplayer (that's me)
When you bring up to your therapist feelings of sadness about Palace Malice retiring..you might be a horseplayer
When your only knowledge of political goings on comes from PaceAdvantage Off Topic section…you might be a horseplayer
When every time you use the word “gaining” you say it like Mike Battaglia….you might be a horseplayer
If a horse racing topic trends nationally and you feel prouder than when you graduated from college….you might be a horse player
When you talk like Michael Wrona for 2 hours after watching a race from Golden Gate…you might be a horseplayer
when you've debated whether to get a 3 piece from KFC or play a $5 ticket at Yonkers….you might be a horseplayer
When you spend more time watching @ chare889 ‘s webcast than you do Netflix…you might be a horseplayer
when you blame traffic for you being late and not the fact that two horses scratched at the gate…..you might be a horseplayer
If you refuse to let your spouse throw out a shirt from a track you went to in 1989…you might be a horse player
When someone asks you who your celebrity crush is and you reply with a paddock host….you might be a horseplayer
If your autocorrect on your phone knows the word Pletcher….you might be a horseplayer
When the only Bing Crosby song you know is “where the turf meets the surf”…you might be a horseplayer
If people ask if you've ever met a celebrity and you say you've met John Conte….you might be a horseplayer
If the only time you've watched Lettermen in the last decade is cause Victor Espinoza was on…you might be a horseplayer
If you tell your kid you're not taking them trick or treating cause it interferes with Breeders Cup Friday…you might be a horseplayer
If after a big winning day you were convinced you could make a living playing the horses…you might be a horseplayer
If 4 of your best friends are total strangers who you talk about Los Alamitos on Twitter with….you might be a horseplayer
If you can list Larry Collmus' resume faster than your own….you might be a horseplayer
When you complain PP's aren't out 5 days before a race then don't look at them til the night before….you might be a horseplayer
When your fingers have muscle memory for dialing up TVG an dont even have to look at the remote…you might be a horseplayer
When you list of heroes in life includes “GetTheLosAlEdge” and “JJ”….you might be a horseplayer
When you get reassigned to San Antonio for a job and the first thing you do is check when Retama Park runs…you might be a horseplayer
If you've ever been yelled at on Twitter by Andy Serling…..you might be a horseplayer
If you've ever had a twitter battle with Adam from Canada….you might be a horseplayer
If you've blamed an announcer for your horse losing….you might be a horseplayer
If you think Mike Joyce resembles Hideki Irabu….you might be a horseplayer
If the only time you've been to a food truck is because they were in the infield of the track….you might be a horseplayer
If you can name who won the 1989 BC Classic faster than you can name who was President in 1989…you might be a horseplayer
if you scoured YouTube to find the Tom Durkin Match Game clip….you might be a horseplayer
If someone asks you if you've ever had your heart broken and you tell them about Smarty's Belmont Stakes..u might be a horseplayer
If someone moves up a few notches of attractiveness to you because of their racing tweets…you might be a horseplayer
If every couple of months you wonder what happened to Frank Lyons…you might be a horseplayer
when you say “I would have had the tri” cause the 3 you boxed in the exacta ran 1 thru 3…you might be a horseplayer
If you complain about $2 admission but happily throw $20 at a tout from a toothless guy….you might be a horseplayer
If the only time you've made a bet at Balmoral was cause everything else was done running….you might be a horseplayer
If the only concert you've been to in the last decade was a Hollywood Park Friday night event…you might be a horseplayer
From Vic Stauffer: If you watch a losing replay hoping for a better trip. You might be a horseplayer
The folks at Legless Corpse Films really want you to pick up a copy of Guillermo Martínez's When Your Flesh Screams, an homage to such shocking genre classics as Last House on the Left and I Spit on Your Grave. If you consider those flicks staples of horror cinema, then you might want to start emptying your piggy bank right about now. Hopefully, Halloween hasn't completely tapped out your funds already. After all, October is still very young, and there are still lots of movies to buy.
Instead of dropping their movie on ho-hum formats and moving on with their lives, the filmmakers behind When Your Flesh Screams are offering up some pretty nifty options. For instance, you can snag a copy of the flick on Blu-ray, DVD, and VOD, as well as a limited-edition VHS. And if you'd like the movie to come packaged inside a Steelbook, then that option is available as well.
Here's the problem: A lot of these options are only available in very limited quantities. The company has 100 Blu-rays, 20 Steelbooks, and only 10 VHS copies on-hand, which means you need to act fast if you want to bring one or all of those items home. No time for second guesses.
If you're seriously considering picking up When Your Flesh Screams, then swing by the Legless Corpse Films website. They'll be more than happy to sell you something awesome.
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alurtDtl7_k&w=640&h=360]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nick Bryant on the riot at Villawood Detention Centre in which nine buildings were set alight
Detainees at an Australian immigration detention centre in Sydney have rioted and burnt down nine buildings.
Rioters at Villawood detention centre threw roof tiles and other objects at firefighters, preventing them from putting out the blazes.
The riot started with a rooftop protest from two detainees and spread to involve 100 people late on Wednesday.
Protests at Australia's detention centres have become more frequent as the number of asylum seekers has risen.
Immigration Department spokesperson Sandi Logan said no injuries had been reported at Villawood.
Protagonists on both sides of the asylum seeker debate will seize upon the riots Bryant: Riot fans flames of debate
Riot police had to be called in to restore order after the centre's unarmed guards retreated in the face of the riot.
"It took some time for the firefighters to be able to gain entry," they said.
"They had had roof tiles and other pieces of furniture being hurled at them by some of the detainees, so it was impossible for them to extinguish the blaze.
"But with the riot squad protection they were able to do that."
A large gas cylinder exploded and a kitchen, laundry, medical facility and a computer centre were destroyed.
AUSTRALIA ASYLUM STATISTICS Irregular maritime arrivals (IMAs) in 2010: 134 boats carrying 6,535 people
people IMAs up to 19 April 2011: 16 boats carrying 921 people
people As of 20 April 4,552 IMAs detained on the mainland, 1,748 on Christmas Island
IMAs detained on the mainland, on Christmas Island Currently 392 detainees in Villawood of whom 172 are IMAs Source: Australian Department of Immigration
Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said many of those involved in the riot had had applications for asylum rejected.
"These are people, in many instances, who are not happy that they have not been accepted as refugees," they said.
Villawood detention centre holds both irregular maritime arrivals - people arriving in Australia by boat to seek asylum - and people already on the Australian mainland who have violated their visas or had them cancelled.
Mental health warning
In recent months there have been a number of violent riots, suicides and self-harm attempts at Australian detention centres, says the BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney.
Image caption Detainees at Villawood have complained of lengthy waits to have their asylum claims heard
There have been complaints from detainees about overcrowding and the length of time it takes to process their applications, our correspondent says.
An increase in the number of asylum seekers arriving by boat - mainly from Sri Lanka, Afghanistan and Iraq - has led to overcrowding at Christmas Island and other detention centres.
There was another riot at Christmas Island last month following a breakout.
Last year, rights group Amnesty International warned that the mental health of some of the asylum seekers held on Christmas Island was deteriorating because of uncertainty over their situation and the conditions in which they were being held.
The Australian government has recently announced the provision of more than 1,900 new beds for asylum seekers to ease crowding in detention centres.
Four hundred beds will be available in Pontville, southern Tasmania, within a month and another 1,500-bed facility at Wickham Point, Darwin, will open in mid-2011.
LOS ANGELES -- Energized by the prospect of taking on the Miami Heat's big three, the Los Angeles Clippers came out attacking and never let up.
Blake Griffin had 24 points and 14 rebounds for their 30th double-double, and the Clippers surprised Miami 111-105 on Wednesday night, ending the Heat's 13-game road winning streak.
Eric Gordon added 26 points, and Baron Davis had 20 points and nine assists for the Clippers, who led virtually the entire game against the NBA's second-best team. It was just the 13th win of the season for Los Angeles.
"I'm sure they were a lot more hyped up for that Christmas Day game against the Lakers and not us," Griffin said.
"Beat the Heat!" the sellout crowd chanted as it stood during the closing seconds.
"It's a good win for us," Davis said in a muted locker room. "It's not like we have done anything. We still have to get a lot better to improve our record."
Dwyane Wade scored 31 points, LeBron James added 27, and Chris Bosh had 26 points and 13 rebounds for the Heat, who had won nine in a row overall.
"It was too much for us to overcome," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "They absolutely blitzed us to start the game. It looked like we were running in mud."
From the start, the Clippers repelled all of Miami's threats, the most dramatic coming with 6:37 to play.
James appeared to hurt their left leg on a drive to the basket when they got blocked and their momentum carried them out of bounds past the baseline. They hobbled back onto the court wincing while the Heat still had the ball and sank a 3-pointer from the left corner. After a timeout, James returned to the game, although Spoelstra later said the reigning league MVP sprained their ankle.
"There's no damage, I got an X-ray after the game," James said. "The doctor told me it's day-to-day so I'll see how I feel tomorrow. I don't have to be a hero in the regular season if I'm not close to 100 percent."
An incoherent American strategy is allowing Putin's Russia to drive wedges into American alliances and disrupt what little strategy the U.S. has left in Syria. The latest example: Russia's clever move to back the Syrian Kurds—key allies in what passes for America's anti-ISIS strategy—against the Turks, America's NATO allies and the keystone of any serious policy to restore order to Syria without the use of American troops.
As the Turks pound the Syrian Kurds and the Syrian Kurds turn to Russia for help, the last fig leaf drops away from the pretense that the United States has a strategy against ISIS. If President Obama sits back as the Russians humiliate the Turks and perhaps drive them into a greater intervention against the Kurds in Syria, they will watch as Putin shreds what is left of the U.S.-Turkish alliance that has been a bedrock of stability in the region since the Truman Administration.
The root of the problem is, as always in Syria, the inability of the Obama White House to define a realistic objective, and then to set about assembling the means to achieve it. An alarmed and enraged public opinion in the U.S. and Europe forced a reluctant White House to ‘do something' about ISIS. Given that the White House wanted to do this if possible without U.S. troops, that meant relying on local allies was the only way forward. The most obvious and potentially effective local allies would have been non-ISIS Sunnis, including the Turks, but their price for real cooperation against ISIS is and remains an effective U.S. commitment to deal with Assad. The Obama team has responded with a series of brave sounding but vacuous phrases about Assad needing to go, but any serious anti-Assad policy has been off the table. This is partly, it appears, because the White House simply didn't want to add to its ‘to do' list in what is already an ugly and dicey situation, and partly because it fears being drawn into a conflict with Assad's backers and enablers in Iran. The cornerstone of what the White House wants to think of as its Middle East policy is a move toward a rapprochement with Iran; it could hardly launch a proxy war against Tehran even as it lifted sanctions, giving Iran tens of billions of extra dollars to kill the very proxies it was sending into battle.
So Obama has been unwilling to pay the basic price the Sunni Arabs want. With effective cooperation with Sunni Arabs impossible, Obama was left with the Shia forces aligned with Iran in Iraq, and in Syria they have the Kurds, a group who in self defense is willing to fight ISIS. They've done pretty well, but the Syrian Kurds aren't content to be sacrificial pawns in order to let the Obama White House look good. They intend, and have always intended, to use this opportunity to create an autonomous homeland for themselves like their cousins have carved out in Iraq. There is no way they aren't going to look at the situation this way; as the Syrian Kurds see things, this is literally a matter of life and death—given what Assad would do to them if they succeed in regaining control.
But an autonomous Kurdish region in Syria is a deadly threat to Turkey's own peace and stability. The Kurds in Syria are close—both geographically and politically—to the Kurds in Turkey, and there is no way to keep weapons and fighters on the Syrian side of the border. Moreover, given the geography in Syria, there is no way that a Syrian Kurdish region won't involve Kurds pushing back against Sunni Arabs in areas of mixed population. (Though there are currently many such areas, there will be fewer as the war grinds on, and occasional episodes of mass murder and ethnic cleansing on both sides sort the region's peoples into more homogenous units.) That's not just a problem for Turks; it's a problem for what's left of the anti-Assad, anti-ISIS Sunni Arab forces in northern Syria, and their backers and paymasters in Ankara and the Gulf.
Given all that, Putin doesn't have to be a strategic genius to understand that simply by giving the Kurds some backing they can disrupt American alliances and inflect yet another of the serial humiliations that have marked their interactions with a dazed and confused White House ever since the war in Ukraine began. Worse—or, from the Kremlin's point of view, better—Putin can reduce what's left of America's Syria policy into utter incoherence and strategic collapse. (Signs of Putin's emerging strategy were evident as early as October, when a group of Syrian Kurds visited Moscow and announced plans to open a permanent mission there in order to foster cooperation with the Kremlin. The mission officially opened last week.)
With refugees destabilizing the European Union, the Turks writing off the value of NATO, the Kurds considering a shift to Russia rather than the U.S., ISIS quietly rejoicing as its enemies turn against one another, the Sunni Gulf powers taking more risks and increasing their distance from the U.S., the situation in the Middle East is growing more dire and more dangerous by the week.
Obama may not yet realize it, but if events continue on their current trajectory in Syria and the wider Middle East, the foreign policy concepts they hold most dear are likely to be discredited for decades to come as the consequences of strategic incoherence grow and the costs of failure mount. The President's lack of strategic clarity and paralysis in the face of unpleasant choices has exposed them to extraordinary humiliation. Allies and enemies alike now consider them inconsequential. Putin and others see the opportunity not only to bully Obama and make them look even weaker; they believe that the remaining months of their term offer a golden opportunity to further weaken the strategic underpinnings of American power.
Fortunately for President Obama's short term peace of mind, but tragically from the standpoint of Middle East peace, the plight of the Syrians and the President's historical standing, the press is sticking to its standard ‘don't connect the dots' approach when it comes to reporting on President Obama's failures in office. That is, the mainstream, instinctively pro-Democratic media is reporting on the unfolding disaster in Syria as it must, but it isn't doing to Obama's Middle East failures what it did to George W. Bush's. That is, while a growing number of well respected reporters are becoming increasingly concerned by the evidence of strategic collapse, the press as a whole isn't building up and relentlessly hammering home a picture of comprehensive strategic and policy failure and aggressively blaming the White House for the consequences of its fumbles. The White House isn't facing the kind of national uproar a GOP president would face in a comparable situation of strategic meltdown, and so the President and the small clique of ultra-loyal aides who have gathered around them in the twilight of the second term can continue to shield themselves from the full awareness of the trouble they are in.
That is too bad. If the White House faced the firestorm of criticism that its Syria policy deserves, there would be a better chance for the kind of reappraisal and regrouping that America's Middle East policy so desperately needs. During their last year in office, Jimmy Carter reversed course on the Soviet Union after the Afghanistan invasion revealed the false premises on which their global strategy had rested; this was a painful decision to make but it was good for the country and good for their legacy. President George W. Bush also changed direction in their second term. That does not, yet, seem to be in the cards for President Obama; as a result the country they lead, those who depend on American success and their own historical standing continue to take heavy damage.
The Stone Roses have confirmed their reunion at a press conference in London today.
Guitarist John Squire, frontman Ian Brown, drummer Alan 'Reni' Wren and bassist Gary 'Mani' Mounfield made the announcement at the Soho Hotel.
The band will play a pair of dates at Manchester's Heaton Park on June 29 and 30 before embarking on a world tour. They also confirmed plans to record new material, their first since 'Ten Storey Love Song' B-sides 'Moses' and 'Ride On' in 1995.
Tickets for the reunion shows will go on sale this Friday, October 21 at 9.30am.
Asked about the possibility of releasing a new album, Brown said: "We hope so. But we said that before, didn't we?"
On what had changed since their past claims that a reunion would never happen, Squire said: "Everything changed when me and Ian started seeing each other again.
"It was surreal, we went from crying, laughing about the old days, to writing songs in a heartbeat."
Brown added: "This is a live resurrection that we're inviting you to, so you'd better be there."
They denied suggestions that the reunion was all about the money and explained to Digital Spy: "The money's always been on the table. We could have taken that money any time we wanted."
> Read what The Stone Roses had to say at today's press conference
The Stone Roses had repeatedly denied previous rumours of a possible comeback that had surfaced in recent years.
Despite Mani suggesting that enough money could secure a return, Squire maintained that it would never happen and Brown agreed.
Squire made a metal artwork in March 2009 called Statement which featured the text: "I have no desire whatsoever to desecrate the grave of seminal Manchester pop group The Stone Roses. 18-3-09."
Brown and Squire originally formed the band in Manchester 1983, with Reni joining a year later and Mani playing their first show in 1987.
The Stone Roses signed to Zomba's Silvertone Records subsidiary in 1988 and released their self-titled debut the following year.
Standalone singles 'Fools Gold' and 'One Love' followed, before a falling-out with Zomba.
The band then signed with Geffen and began work on the follow-up, but legal difficulties caused delays. Second Coming, mainly penned by Squire, was released in December 1994.
Reni left the band in March 1995 and was replaced by Robbie Maddox. Squire then quit in April 1996, with Aziz Ibrahim taking their place for a further six months of live shows, including a poorly-received concert at the Reading Festival.
Following the band's split, Squire went on to form The Seahorses who released one album Do It Yourself. They then recorded two solo albums Time Changes Everything and Marshall's House before retiring from music to focus on visual arts.
Mani joined Primal Scream in 1996 and has remained with the band until today. Reni has reportedly fronted several bands without commercial success.
Brown has released six solo studio albums since their debut Unfinished Monkey Business in 1998.
> The Stone Roses to release new biography
> The Stone Roses: What have they done since the split?
> Stone Roses reunion: Should they? Shouldn't they? - Poll
Watch The Stone Roses 'I Am The Resurrection' live music video below:
Move through our images from The Stone Roses' career below:
CPC, CPM, Promoted Stories, Promoted Posts – there are a lot of options facing social media marketers interested in advertising on Facebook. It used to be that there were only two choices for advertising on Facebook CPC (cost per click) or CPM (cost per impressions).
It was common knowledge among social media folks that CPC ads were a much better value for marketers. You expected to pay a cost of .35 to nearly a dollar a click depending on your targeted audience (like Manhattan moms who are very pricey to target). An average Facebook ad CTR of .05% seemed to be the industry benchmark for judging the success of an ad.
For years, if you chose CPM your ad would be relegated to a lowly position on the bottom right hand of the user's newsfeed and gain very few clicks. CPC ads outperformed CPM ads in all tests that we ran here at the agency as well.
But, that has changed.
While Facebook has talked a lot about the value of their new Promoted Stories ads and Promoted Posts, they also quietly chose a new favorite child in the CPC vs CPM debate. We noticed this at Flightpath when CPC ads that have been performing for years suddenly stopped being even displayed and our testing of CPM ads started showing amazing results.
We switched clients over to CPM ads and saw our average Facebook ads CTR jump from an average range of .05% to .20% jump to a range of .50% – .80%. Then we added in Sponsored Stories, to run simultaneously with the CPM ads, and the average CTR jumped even higher to a range of .80% to 1.2%.
At the same time, we are seeing the average CPC fall from that .35 – $1 range down to a bargain basement .06 – .15 CPC. So, for the same Facebook ad spend our clients are getting about 6 times the likes they were getting earlier this year. This is really helping to rapidly grow page likes without having to dramatically up Facebook ad spend.
Why are ads suddenly cheaper and performing better?
So, this is why we think this dramatic uptick in Facebook ad performance is happening: remember months ago when advertisers like GM pulled their Facebook ad spend because they didn't feel they were getting much of a return and remember when Facebook's stock came out of the gate to dismal results?
Facebook had to devise a plan to get advertisers excited about spending on the platform so investors would be considered buying Facebook stock. Lowering the cost of ads and rolling out Promoted Stories (which not all Facebook users like, but they seem to click on them anyway) is a great way to get advertisers excited and spending.
If you are still running Facebook CPC ads for your clients, set up a separate CPM campaign with Promoted Stories pronto for testing. The results will blow you away.
1
person recommended this
Mayor de Blasio has their work cut out for them if they really wants to end New York's “tale of two cities.” Gotham has become the American capital of a national and even international trend toward greater income inequality and declining social mobility.
There are things the new mayor can do to help, but the early signs aren't promising that they will be able to reverse 30 years of the hollowing out of the city's once vibrant middle class.
As the cost of living has skyrocketed while pay has stagnated except for those at the very top, New York has shifted from a place people go to make it to a place for those who already have it made, or whose families have.
And once here, the rich are indeed getting richer even as the rest of the city is barely holding on.
Manhattan is now the most unequal county in America (it was 17th in 1980), with a Gini coefficient — which measures the disparity between the richest and poorest residents — higher than that of Apartheid-era South Africa.
Between 1990 and 2010, the city's 1% saw their median income shoot up from $452,415 to $716,625 in 2010 dollars, even as the bottom 60% hardly saw their incomes budge at all, according to a recent City University study. The trend precedes Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire mayor who envisioned New York as a “luxury city,” and it won't be easy for de Blasio to reverse — especially as they roll out pricey new public-employee contracts and programs like universal pre-K that further expand the city's dependence on its wealthiest citizens.
In 2009, the 0.5% of New Yorkers who made $1 million or more accounted for 27% of the city's income (nearly three times their share nationally), and an even higher share of its tax take. But while the smart set that attends President Obama's frequent Manhattan fundraisers has prospered, in no small part thanks to low-interest Federal Reserve policies that have helped big banks more than working people, just across the Harlem River roughly one in three Bronx households lives in poverty — making it the nation's poorest urban county.Over the Bloomberg years, New York was the national leader in both luxury housing and in homelessness — with a 73% jump in the number of homeless families here. Last January, an unprecedented 21,000 children were in the city's shelter system each night. This year, that number is rising.
And as the city becomes more economically unequal, it's also become more racially segregated. Demographer Daniel Herz' census analysis shows New York is now America's second most racially divided city, behind only Milwaukee.African-American incomes in New York are barely half those of whites, as compared to nearly 70% in Phoenix and Houston.
And New York City now has the nation's single most segregated public school system, according to a devastating report from the Civil Rights Project at UCLA.
As the 2014 report put it: “In 2009, black and Latino students in the state had the highest concentration in intensely-segregated public schools (less than 10% white enrollment), the lowest exposure to white students, and the most uneven distribution with white students across schools.”
Nowhere are these divergences more obvious than in nouveau hipster and increasingly expensive Brooklyn. In my parents' native borough, the average income has actually dropped between 1999 and 2011, despite huge increases of wealth in areas closer to Manhattan.
Roughly one in four Brooklynites — most of them black or Hispanic — lives in poverty.
Bloomberg's notion that if “we can find a bunch of billionaires around the world to move here, that would be a godsend,” with prosperity trickling down, hasn't panned out, at least for most New Yorkers. The billionaires came, bought and flourished, but the same can not be said for Gotham's middle and working classes.
Using Bureau of Economic Analysis data, analyst Aaron Renn estimates that the city's per capita GDP has grown a bare 2.3% since 2010, below the mediocre 3.8% national rate and behind such traditional hard-luck cases as Buffalo, Cleveland and Baltimore.
The percentage of New Yorkers living in poverty has actually gone up by 1.1% since 2010, while household income has been flat.
Rather than forge a more upwardly mobile society, New York epitomizes what Citigroup researchers have labeled a “plutonomy,” an economy and society driven largely by the investment behavior and spending of the uber-rich. This creates great demand for low-end service workers — dog-walkers, baristas and waiters — but not much for New York's middle or aspiring middle class.
Adjusting for the cost of living here, the average paycheck in New York is one of the lowest of any major metropolitan area. Put otherwise, working New Yorkers pay a huge premium to live in the five boroughs, one that repels middle-class individuals and families who aren't compelled to be here.
The exodus of the middle class has been ongoing for 30 years, with New York by one measure now having the second lowest share of middle-income neighborhoods of America's 100 largest cities.As the middle class has waned, even exemplars of the celebrated creative class — musicians, artists, writers — find the going increasingly rough, and unrewarding. Laments rock icon Patti Smith: “New York has closed itself off to the young and the struggling. New York City has been taken away from you.”
This is the dynamic New Yorkers elected de Blasio to fix. And he's right the reality of rising inequality and, more important, diminishing opportunity, must be confronted.
Critically — and here de Blasio has better instincts than their predecessor — more emphasis needs to be placed on the outer boroughs. Even if Manhattan remains the prototypical luxury city, the rest of New York can be reinvented as a generator of middle-class jobs and opportunities.
One approach that's paid dividends for workers in cities such as Houston, Dallas-Ft. Worth, Nashville and Pittsburgh is to concentrate on diversified economic growth.
Certainly some middle class jobs could be created by boosting such things as the port and logistics, resuscitating industries such as food processing and specialized household goods, and rolling out policies that encourage, rather than overregulate, smaller firms in the business-service industry.
But de Blasio's press to bring in more tax revenue to pay for ambitious new programs, more generous social services and new contracts for city workers have the perverse effect of doubling down on Bloomberg's bet on the wealthy.
Their ambitious ramping up of green-energy policy could be the straw that breaks the back of what remains of the logistics and manufacturing industries in New York, something that has already occurred in California.
And their kowtowing to the teachers union and attempted assaults on charter schools threaten to further undermine the effectiveness of public education, something vital to middle and working class residents.
In fact, the effect of de Blasio's policies may turn out to be more neo-Victorian than progressive. Rather than new homeowners, the city may see a greater concentration of people dependent on government largesse.
The poor-door phenomena, with a few lucky members of the lower class winning subsidized units in buildings for the rich, but with separate entrances and no access to luxury amenities, recreates not social democracy but the Victorian upstairs-downstairs society.
The critical point is this: New York is losing its role as a place of opportunity, and the de Blasio toolbox is unlikely to put back the ladder that's been pulled up.
A great city does not only serve the rich, transforming others into their servants or recipients of noblesse oblige. New York need to be, as Rene Descartes described Gotham's founding city, 17th century Amsterdam, “an inventory of the possible.”
That must hold true for most New Yorkers, not just for the very rich.
This piece first appeared at the New York Daily News.
Joel Kotkin is executive editor of NewGeography.com and Roger Hobbs Distinguished Fellow in Urban Studies at Chapman University, and a member of the editorial board of the Orange County Register. Their newest book, The New Class Conflict is now available at Amazon and Telos Press.  They are author of The City: A Global History and The Next Hundred Million: America in 2050. Their most recent study, The Rise of Postfamilialism, has been widely discussed and distributed internationally. They live in Los Angeles, CA.
Photo by Kevin Case from Bronx, NY, USA (Bill de Blasio) [CC-BY-2.0], via Wikimedia Commons
In a turn eerily similar to the 2013 Oakland Raiders Preseason when their new veteran quarterback struggled in August before experiencing tendinitis in their elbow now head coach Dennis Allen and Greg Olsen are dealing with the exact same problem leading up to the 2014 season only this time it is former Texans quarterback Matt Schaub.
With Schaub sitting out with tendinitis on Sunday during Raiders practice, NFL.com's Ian Rapoport confirmed that the veteran quarterback only has tendinitis and that there is no structural damage with Schaub's throwing arm to be worried about despite the concerns around tendinitis looming in an arm that has already lost a lot of velocity over the past few seasons.
#Raiders QB Matt Schaub (sore elbow) sat out practice Sun. Source says no major structural damage. Tendinitis. Explains arm strength issues — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 25, 2014
In addition to the injury update, Albert Breer of NFL Network added to the report of Schaub's tendinitis by claiming that the Raiders feel that rookie Derek Carr is ready to start “if needed” right away should the team be forced into that decision.
Per @RapSheet, Raiders QB Matt Schaub is dealing with tendinitis. My understanding is staff feels Derek Carr is ready to start, if needed. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) August 25, 2014
Based on recent events it is likely that some Raiders fans will be hoping that the team decides it is best to go with a young arm despite making the move this offseason, but that decision may not come in Week One thanks to the hit Carr took against the Detroit Lions. Had Carr not sat out on Friday night in Green Bay the Raiders quarterback controversy could have been a lot hotter this week than it will be, even if Schaub's arm issues have just made it a legitimate decision to make for Dennis Allen in the next two weeks.
Federal officials did not permit testing of the Obamacare healthcare.gov website or issue final system requirements until four to six days before its Oct. 1 launch, according to an individual with direct knowledge of the project.
The individual, who spoke on condition of anonymity, described the troubled Obamacare website project as suffering from top-level management disarray, changing systems requirements and recurring delays.
The root cause of the problems was a pivotal decision by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services officials to act as systems integrator, the central coordinator for the entire program. Usually this role is reserved for the prime information technology contractor.
As a result, full testing of the site was delayed until four to six days before the fateful Oct. 1 launch of the health care exchanges, the individual said.
Federal officials were “freezing requirements in time to permit full testing at all levels of the site — integration testing, user testing, performance testing and tuning,” the individual said.
“Normally a system this size would need 4-6 months of testing and performance tuning, not 4-6 days,” the individual said.
The source said there were “ever-changing, conflicting and exceedingly late project directions. The actual system requirements for Oct. 1 were changing up until the week before,” the individual said.
The individual described the project as suffering from a “lack of an end-to-end business and technology vision for the project,” adding that “the hardest part of any technology project is not the technology — it is the business process decisions, what is the system supposed to do and how it will it do it.”
In addition, “The challenge with this project was that the decisions were made very, very late in the project, and no one organization ... seemed to know how this complex ecosystem of applications, interfaces, user processes and hardware should all work together.”
Another person, a former employee of CGI Federal — the private-sector contractor hired to build healthcare.gov — said the government's insistence on being the systems integrator resulted in disastrous consequences for the website.
The former employee said that “requirements came late, CMS dictated the design, especially the sign-up-before-viewing-plans, and there was absolutely not enough time for testing.”
Another former CMS contract employee who also requested anonymity said, “CMS was not capable of being the integrator. ... An integrator used to be someone like an IBM. That is how this business used to be run. CMS is not an integrator. CMS operates as numerous disparate organizations. I often recommended we get a good, strong integrator like an IBM to look at the entire mess.
“I wonder why the president did not have better technical advisers. They ran a huge risk with this,” the former contract employee said.
Stan Z. Soloway, president and CEO of the trade association that represents hundreds of government service companies, reviewed major contracts in the project and concluded that CMS was the system integrator. They have no direct connection to the healthcare.gov project.
“The system integration piece is an important one because that's where it all comes together. And I don't see any evidence in any of those contracts that says 'system integration' or overall management. So that leads me to believe that CMS — as others have said they did — chose to do the integration of the system of themselves.”
Soloway also said one of the main reasons a government agency seeks to be a systems integrator is for control. “On one level, government wants to be careful to how much responsibility it turns over to one entity, how much control,” they said.
Soloway heads the Professional Services Council, which represents 370 private-sector companies that provide technical services to the federal government. Among their member companies is CGI Federal, the prime contractor that designed and operates healthcare.gov. CGI Federal is the U.S. subsidiary of CGI Group, based in Montreal, Canada.
“One has to look at, did CMS have the right kinds of skills, organizational structure, alignments internally? What were the other technology elements? And were they properly knit together?” Soloway asked.
CMS spokespersons refused to say if their agency was the systems integrator.
Other IT experts said it is highly unusual for a government agency to act as a systems integrator. “Literally, it's crazy,” said IT consultant Charles Martin. “The reason government goes to external prime contractors to do integration is because they [government] know they're no good at it.”
Martin has been an IT consultant to the U.S. Defense Department, the IRS and the Commerce Department.
“I don't recall ever hearing that HHS was notably good at running big IT projects,” they said, referring to the Department of Health and Human Services, the parent agency of both the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and much of the Obamacare infrastructure. “The government generally doesn't do big IT projects. It hires somebody else.”
Patrick Ruffini, a digital expert with extensive experience on information technology for Republican presidential campaigns, agreed, saying, “From what I understand, usually you do have a private-sector systems integrator just because there isn't that level of technical expertise in the government, typically speaking.”
Soloway, however, said some of the military services have been technical integrators on weapons systems, particularly the Air Force. But they said even the military typically farms out IT integration.
“There is always the question, ‘Do you have the capability internally and skill sets, the people with the right depth to do the systems engineering and program management associated with something this complicated?' That's a question,” Soloway said.
In the last decade, the NBA has transformed from being a big man's league into a guard's league. Although frontcourts have always, and will always be the foundation of a winning team, recently franchises have found it much more difficult to build an elite frontline than putting together a competitive 1-2 punch. Ultimately, putting together a dominant frontcourt is what separates the good teams from the great ones, because in today's game every team has talented guards. Frankly, each team has a backcourt that can outplay its opponent on any given night, which is why it is so difficult to pick five particular tandems as the best up-and-comers in the League.
Dominant big men only come around every 10 years or so, while there are a number of talented guards coming out every year. Franchises have come to realize that taking a chance on a skilled guard makes much more sense than taking a chance on a big based solely on their potential. Just look at the draft boards for the previous 10 years. In the early 2000s, it was common to value big men over guards. However, after franchises watched guys like Greg Oden, Andrew Bogut, Hasheem Thabeet and Marvin Williams fall short of their expectations, the tables have turned. Now you see guys like Derrick Rose, John Wall and Kyrie Irving going No. 1 overall as opposed to Kevin Love and DeMarcus Cousins.
What really eats at me is that had my hometown Hawks not been so high on Marvin Williams, we could have had a backcourt composed of Chris Paul and Joe Johnson, which would undoubtedly be No. 1 on this list.
The guard play in the NBA has taken a significant leap in competitiveness. In the early 2000s, if your name wasn't Iverson, Bryant, Carter or McGrady, you were pretty much irrelevant. In today's game, each guard is capable of outplaying their opponent on any given night.
Ranking the league's top 5 up-and-coming backcourt tandems going into the 2012 season is no easy task. It was a very difficult selection to make. You're probably asking yourself what my definition of “best” is pertaining to the subject. Well, to answer your question, this list is composed of backcourts that are not ridiculously top-heavy, that can defend (or at least outscore), have solid contributions off the bench, and who still have untapped potential left in the tank. With all of that said, here are our top five up-and-coming backcourts in the NBA.
***
5. Sacramento Kings
I can admit, putting the Kings on this list was a bit of a force, being that they haven't proven anything at all yet. However, the key factor in their case is untapped potential, which they might have more of than any other team in the League. Tyreke Evans is the face of the franchise and potential oozes through their pores. This year I'm predicting they go back to being a 20-point scorer, and could potentially make their first All-Star team. Their backup, Marcus Thornton is one of the most underrated backups in the league. He's also capable of putting up 20 on any given night. But what's most intriguing about this backcourt is the additions of Jimmer Fredette and “Mr. Irrelevant” Isaiah Thomas. The Kings know exactly what they are getting with Fredette, and it's exactly what they needed. Tyreke is without a doubt one of the best attackers of the basket in the league right now. You put Jimmer out there with them and he'll become an even better one. What Jimmer can do to help this team win is stretch the floor with their range, and open up driving lanes for Tyreke that he's never seen before. The team's success will ultimately be measured by how well Jimmer can play off of the basketball. Now that they aren't the No. 1 option any more it's going to be interesting to watch them adjust to their new role.
Their backup, Isaiah Thomas will provide a great change of pace and spark off the bench. With their combination of energy and skill, he's a tough cover for any backup PG in the Leauge. By the end of this season I don't think anyone will be referring to them as “Mr. Irrelevant”. The Kings have an amazing young nucleus led by a budding superstar. If there's one word to describe the Kings backcourt, it's potential.
4. Chicago Bulls
Last season, the Chicago Bulls' backcourt was a one-man wrecking crew. I know you're probably thinking how is this backcourt not ridiculously top heavy? The answer to that question is Richard Hamilton. If there was one weakness on the Bulls, it was the lack of scoring at the two guard position. During the regular season, Derrick Rose carried the scoring load for the Chicago Bulls' backcourt, averaging 25 points a game on the way to their first MVP. The next highest scoring average by a guard on the Bulls was 8.3 ppg from Kyle Korver. The acquisition of Richard Hamilton fills that void.
All Derrick Rose needed was a little help. Now that he's gotten Rip, who can almost guarantee you a solid 18 a game, the Bulls have become even better than they were last season. With the help of Brewer's defensive toughness and Korver's three-point shooting, look for the Bulls backcourt to be one of the league's best this season.
Chris McGrath/Getty
Gravity signals that race through the ground at the speed of light could help seismologists get a better handle on the size of large, devastating quakes soon after they hit, a study suggests. The tiny changes in Earth's gravitational field, created when the ground shifts, arrive at seismic-monitoring stations well before seismic waves.
“The good thing we can do with these signals is have quick information on the magnitude of the quake,” says Martin Vallée, a seismologist at the Paris Institute of Earth Physics.
Seismometers in China and South Korea picked up gravity signals immediately after the magnitude-9.1 Tohoku earthquake that devastated parts of Japan in 2011, Vallée and their colleagues report in Science on 1 December1. The signals appear as tiny accelerations on seismic-recording equipment, more than a minute before the seismic waves show up.
“We can look before the seismic waves arrive,” says Vallée. “If we see nothing, we can say that the quake that made these was maybe large, but not huge. If we see the signals, it means we really have a very big quake.”
Had seismologists been monitoring for gravity changes, they might have realized sooner just how big the Tohoku earthquake was. It took the US Geological Survey (USGS) 40 minutes to update its initial estimate of magnitude 7.9 to 8.8, much closer to the quake's true size, and 3 hours for the Japan Meteorological Agency to do the same. A small increase in an earthquake's magnitude means a large change in the energy released by the quake — and the devastation expected. That information is crucial for emergency responders as they decide what resources to deploy.
“It'll be a major contribution if gravitational waves can beat down the time needed to know that a big earthquake is big,” says Susan Hough, a USGS seismologist in Pasadena, California.
But much work remains before gravity signals can be considered a reliable tool in the crucial minutes after a big quake, says Gavin Hayes, a USGS seismologist in Golden, Colorado. “I don't see it being a game changer,” they say.
First wave
The latest work arose when a group of European and US researchers began exploring how vibrations from small earthquakes affect gravitational-wave detectors such as the European Virgo and the US Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO). Many of the scientists also worked on earthquake early-warning systems, and they began to think about whether earthquakes created gravitational perturbations and how those might be detected2.
The challenge is in picking up the gravitational shaking, which is much weaker than that from seismic waves. In 2016, the scientists published3 a proof-of-concept study showing that a gravity-measuring instrument in Japan's underground Kamioka Observatory had detected signals from the 2011 quake, which happened about 500 kilometres away. But others questioned how strong and reliable the signals might be4.
In the latest paper, Vallée and their colleagues report many more observations of gravity signals immediately after the Tohoku quake. The signal was most apparent at monitoring stations between about 1,000 and 2,000 kilometres from the quake's epicentre. At that distance, the fast-as-light signals had enough time to arrive and be clearly recorded before the seismic waves swamped them.
Modelling suggests that the method should work for gauging quakes of magnitude 8.5 or greater, which are large enough to generate detectable gravity signals. The team is now hunting for signals that might have been recorded after other great quakes, including the magnitude-9.1 event in Sumatra in 2004 and the magnitude-8.8 one in Chile in 2010.
A few extra minutes of warning can save lives, particularly in coastal areas where people can evacuate ahead of an incoming tsunami, says Jean-Paul Ampuero, a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. “That's low-hanging fruit.”
On Wednesday, I wrote a little screed about how Iowa doesn't deserve its early primary position. I offered California instead, arguing, among other things, that it better represented the country and, of course, let far more voters weigh in. That made me wonder: How many voters actually do pick presidential nominees?
Dave Leip's great-if-not-super-modern Atlas of Presidential Elections has collected data on contested primaries going back to 1992 -- including vote totals by state for primaries and caucuses, when possible. It allows us to estimate with some certainty how many voters cast their votes for candidates. But, perhaps more interestingly, it lets us figure out which voters actually mattered -- that is, the votes cast before and after a candidate clinched the nomination.
Pulling data by state and matching it to the primary calendar gives us a decent estimate. Since 1992 (and, again, excluding sitting presidents who won re-nomination), on average 9.1 million people have voted for the winner of the nomination before they clinched (defined here as getting the required majority of delegates). The high was the nomination of Barack Obama, which only happened at the very end of the process and which saw massive turnout. Most of the time, the nominations were clinched in March, as was the case with the lowest total: former Kansas senator Bob Dole, who won the nomination after only about 5.1 million votes in 1996.
In case it needs to be said, that's a very small subset of those eligible to vote. Using data on the voting-age population from the Census Bureau, we combined the voters from both major parties in 2000 and 2008 to see how much of the possible electorate actually picked the nominee.
But back to Iowa. In the process of tallying the votes, we flagged when states got to hold their contests before the nomination was clinched. (This is trickier than it sounds; several states hold caucuses and votes, for example.) On the map below, darker-colored states more frequently held their elections prior to the nominee clinching. Voters in nine states got to weigh in while it still mattered less than half of the time.
So let's revise the argument from yesterday a little. Let's move up Pennsylvania or New Jersey or West Virginia or Arkansas for a few cycles. Give them more say in whom the nominee will be. We can skip that for 2016, of course, both because the deadline is looming and, frankly, I think we can guess which Democrat Arkansas will vote for.
The dates each nominee clinched: Clinton, June 2, 1992; Dole, March 19, 1996; Gore and Bush, March 14, 2000; Kerry, March 16, 2004; Obama, June 4, 2008; McCain, March 4, 2008; and Romney, May 29, 2012.
About
We cook to music, but can music cook for us? Can food taste like music?
Food and music are complements and partners from the kitchen to the dining room. Their relationship has endured the passage of time across many cultures.
Could the idea of cooking to music be taken to a whole new level?
Could music amuse our tastebuds and make them dance to the flavors of our favorite songs? Could music be translated from something we hear into something we taste?
A service that allows you to taste your favorite songs.
Beatballs is a project developed by us: 54 students from the Interactive Art Director program at Hyper Island in Stockholm, Sweden.
Through a combination of programming, design, and just the right amount of absurdity, we have developed a code that converts music into taste. More specifically, a code that translates music into different recipes for meatballs, allowing you -- for the first time in history -- to find out how ”Gangnam Style”, ”Bohemian Rhapsody” and ”Beat It” could taste.
Taste your favorite songs >>
Our taste experts behind Beatballs analyzed how various music attributes can be expressed through tastes, taking into consideration the social, cultural, and historical associations of both food and music. Every song has its own DNA -- a unique blend of tempo, cadence, mood, and key, among other attributes. Translating these attributes into their representative flavors, Beatballs creates a tailored meatball recipe that tastes like the song.
Here is an example using "Happy" by Pharrell Williams.
"Happy" is played in F-minor, giving the meatball a base of chickpeas and garlic. It scores above average on energy level, tempo, chatter, and mood, according to the Beatballs song analyzer. This music profile inspires additional dashes of thai basil, lemon zest, curry, and strawberries. The result is a Beatball with a "Happy" twist.
We have also built a working prototype of Beatballizer: a machine that takes the recipes from Beatballs and then mixes, rolls, and cooks the meatballs -- just by pressing "play" on your phone!
Now, we need your help to develop a smaller Beatballizer that can fit in every kitchen! We hope it will not be long before the Beatballizer becomes a reality.
Beat, mix, and roll on.
Why not? You normally cook to music, but with Beatballs, music tells you what to cook. Let's start with meatballs.
Nanoflowers Could Lead to Superior Batteries
September 12th, 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Flower-shaped nanoparticles, or “nanoflowers”, might lead to superior batteries in the near future. Chemist Gaoping Cao and colleagues report in the latest issue of Nano Letters that they are working on developing nanoflowers which could lead to longer battery life for cell phones, laptops, and more.
While nanoflowers are not new, Cao claims that previously discovered forms of the nanoparticle weren't able to provide the longer battery life that will be necessary for electronics of the future.
In Cao's study, scientists grew clusters of carbon nanotubes—each 50,000 times smaller than a strand of human hair—that have strong electrical conductivity. They then put manganese oxide on top of the nanotubes. The process resulted in dandelion-shaped nanoclusters that will ultimately lead to a battery system with a higher energy storage capacity, longer life, and greater efficiency that current batteries.
And while I would be happy to have a more self-sustaining laptop, perhaps the nanoflowers will have even more important uses— like keeping future plug-in hybrid vehicles running for longer.
Photo Credit: Nanowerk
Posts Related to Energy Efficiency:
CLOSE President Trump is preparing for their first official trip to Asia with North Korea tensions at the fore. AP's Asia-Pacific News Director previews their visit which includes stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. (Nov. 3) AP
President Trump speaks during a joint news conference at the Akasaka Palace Monday in Tokyo. (Photo11: Kiyoshi Ota, AP)
WASHINGTON — President Trump asked Congress for another $5.9 billion for the military on Monday, as they continued an Asia trip aimed at countering what they called the "North Korean menace."
The addition to the administration's 2018 budget request came just as Trump was leaving Japan for South Korea, where the U.S. has begun installing an anti-missile defense system known as THAAD.
More: Trump visits Seoul, where 'fire and fury' comments on North Korea inflame protesters
More: Analysis: Trump mirrored North Korea's own rhetoric with threat of 'fire and fury.' Can it be effective?
Trump's request includes:
► $4 billion for a missile defense and detection system on the Korean peninsula.
► $1.2 billion to fund their request for 3,500 additional U.S. troops in Afghanistan.
► $700 million to repair two Navy ships.
The request for additional missile defense money comes three months after Trump first expressed second thoughts about their administration's proposal to cut the Missile Defense Agency's budget, and promised to add billions back to the program. But it also represents an easing of their demands for allies to share the burden on defense spending.
"We make the best military equipment in the world," Trump told reporters on Air Force One on Sunday. "A shot was just taken by Iran, at my opinion, at Saudi Arabia. You know about that, right? You saw the missile that went out? And our system knocked the missile out of the air. That's how good we are. Nobody makes what we make, and now we're selling it all over the world."
The request comes as China and South Korea have resolved their dispute over the installation of THAAD batteries in South Korea, which China said threatened its national security. But South Korea has still been reluctant to add additional THAAD installations on the peninsula.
The missile defenses could also be used to protect U.S. territory in Alaska and Guam, which are now within range of North Korea's ballistic missiles.
The $1.2 billion for Afghanistan follows Trump's announcement of a revamped strategy for war efforts announced in August. Trump has said U.S. troops will remain there indefinitely. "Conditions on the ground, not arbitrary timetables, will guide our strategies from now on," they said.
Two ships in the Pacific fleet — USS John S. McCain and USS Fitzgerald — have been damaged in deadly collisions this year, which ultimately led to the 7th fleet commander being fired.All of the proposed spending is off-budget, using mechanisms for war spending and emergencies designed to get around budget caps.
David Jackson reported from Seoul.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2hO5AFE
Ah, the Olympics! Coming too soon to an overcrowded, overstrained and overleveraged metropolis near you. In case you weren't already perturbed enough by visions of the impending onslaught of tourists, athletes and a Stay-Puft Boris Johnson lumbering round the city's choked streets trying to pretend that they are the world-class leader of a world-class city, tonight's Dispatches: Olympic Tickets for Sale (Channel 4) was on hand to add a dash of fury to your nightmares.
Three quarters of the Games' tickets, the London Organising Committee (Locog) promised, repeatedly, would be "affordable and accessible" to ordinary people. And 75% have indeed been allocated by ballot to them. But not 75% of every kind of seat. A disproportionate number of the nicest remain in that other, shinier, comfier quarter. Oh, and not 75% of every event either. For the events ordinary people really, really want to attend, such as the opening ceremony or the men's 100m final, the percentage drops to nearer a third. The rest go to competitors, Olympic officials, the media, sponsors and hospitality providers.
Hospitality providers, not incidentally, are organisations who then bundle the tickets into decidedly unaffordable, inaccessible packages – tickets on their own cannot be sold for more than 20% of their face value – and flog them largely to corporate jolliers. Dispatches probed a little further – their investigations somewhat hampered of course by the fact that Locog is a private company and therefore not required to disclose … well, very much at all – and found that the provision of hospitality also frequently includes access to the Olympic route network. That means the London roads closed off for the duration – apparently the Games revenue will more than offset the costs of inducing so many extra strokes and cardiac arrests among drivers, bus users and anyone else attempts to live a normal life south of Watford this summer – and ostensibly intended to ferry athletes about. Hmm.
They also seem often to include accommodation hoteliers agreed to discount for competitors in order to give London the edge over other cities during the bid, which has pissed them off almost as much as the road-closing has upset the cabbies. Locog might just as well set fire to a dozen pearly kings and queens on the empty plinth in Trafalgar Square and have done with it.
All in all it was a mass of murky waters and opaque systems, infused with a sense of money calling to money, those on top taking care of their own and the plebs somehow left scrabbling for scraps of a meal for which they had already paid more than £9bn. Ah, the commercial Corinthian spirit. Fatter, richer, shittier. Roll on July.
Storyville: If a Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front (BBC4) painted a broader, deeper and more detailed picture of what happens when ideals become corrupted. It followed the story of Dan McGowan, the son of a New York cop, Catholic high-schooler, track runner, scholarship winner, college business major and then PR man whose green consciousness was raised by an environmental activist group that showed them films of the depredations being wrought by logging companies, whalers, oil companies et al.
They became a part of the movement just as it was becoming frustrated with the (non-) effects of traditional forms of environmental campaigning. After a series of violent police reactions to peaceful protests, radicalised individuals including Dan coalesced into the ELF and started carrying out attacks of their own. McGowan took part in two arson attacks. The ELF fragmented when some members – McGowan not among them – wanted to start targeting people rather than property.
Three years later, McGowan was arrested and sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, which – in keeping with the attorney general's view of the ELF as a domestic terrorist organisation – includes an "enhancement" under US terrorism legislation. The film gave time to those who saw their buildings burned by Dan and their the ELF cohorts but it was hard – especially in the face of McGowan's deeply held beliefs, articulate denunciation of the huge companies who destroy so much without compunction or effective condemnation and their family's calm courage as they faced their sentence – to feel that even massive property damage should fall under laws intended to punish those responsible for the deaths of innocent people. Do even its most unblinking supporters want the legal currency devalued so far and so fast? But of course one poxy liberal, bleeding-hearted, muesli-munching Guardian columnist's freedom fighter is another man's terrorist, and so the argument will doubtless rage until the seas run dry. Which, of course, shouldn't be long now.
Martin Bashir RESIGNS from MSNBC after suggesting someone should defecate in Sarah Palin's mouth
Bashir made lewd on-air comments on November 15 calling for someone to defecate in Palin's mouth after they compared the federal debt to slavery
MSNBC did not formally reprimand Bashir
Came around the same time as fellow MSNBC host Alec Baldwin got suspended- and later fired- for using homophobic slurs outside their home
Many- including Palin and Baldwin- called the move hypocritical for firing Baldwin but not Bashir
Bashir announced their resignation Wednesday afternoon and MSNBC confirmed the slip
Martin Bashir has resigned from MSNBC following the backlash from their inappropriate on-air comments about Sarah Palin.
They released a statement on Wednesday afternoon explaining their decision to resign over the 'ill-judged' comments about the former Alaskan governor's comparison of the federal debt to slavery.
They previously apologized to Palin both on and off camera, but came under further fire when fellow MSNBC host Alec Baldwin was fired for making homophobic comments to journalists outside of their apartment while they were not formally reprimanded in any way until now.
Martin Bashir offered a lengthy apology to Sarah Palin on Monday following a rant where they suggested they deserved to be defecated upon
'After making an on-air apology, I asked for permission to take some additional time out around the Thanksgiving holiday,' they said in the statement to Mediaite.
Offended: Sarah Palin accepted Bashir's apology but slammed MSNBC for not firing them
'Upon further reflection, and after meeting with the President of MSNBC, I have tendered my resignation. It is my sincere hope that all of my colleagues, at this special network, will be allowed to focus on the issues that matter without the distraction of myself or my ill-judged comments.
'I deeply regret what was said, will endeavor to work hard at making constructive contributions in the future and will always have a deep appreciation for our viewers – who are the smartest, most compassionate and discerning of all television audiences.'
MSNBC later ran their comments on their website along with a brief statement from network president Phil Griffin.
'Martin Bashir resigned today, effective immediately. I understand their decision and I thank them for three great years with msnbc. Martin is a good man and respected colleague- we wish them only the best,' Griffin said in the statement.
The network has disputed earlier reports that Bashir, 50, was temporarily suspended over the issue when they went 'on vacation before Thanksgiving.
Palin even spoke out on the matter, saying that while they did accept their apology, the uneven treatment of Baldwin and Bashir was an example of the favoritism in main stream media.
Off the air: Baldwin's show was first suspended for two weeks and then cut from the lineup entirely
'That's the executive hypocrisy that is so prevalent in that media elite bubble, where it depends on the target of the vile rants. It doesn't depend on what their rant itself actually is and conservative women are a target of them,' they said.
Baldwin also spoke out against the fact that MSNBC chose to stick by Bashir and not him.
'Martin Bashir's on the air, and they made their comment on the air! I dispute half the comment I made...' Baldwin told Gothamist.
'There's nothing you can do when you get thrown in this washing machine, nothing. You know? Nothing. All you end up doing is just defending yourself all day long.'
Napoli visited the Bernabéu on Wednesday night for the first leg of their Champions League Round of 16 ties with Real Madrid. There was no intent to waver from Maurizio Sarri's brand of attractive football that has made them the most exciting team to watch in Italy this season. While they impressed in the opening fifteen minutes, they became undone by the reigning European champions, who prevailed with gusto by way of individual movement off the ball and a well timed pressing scheme to overwhelm their opposition.
Intricate passing sees Napoli to hot start
Napoli began with a high defensive line, hoping to draw Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo, the two forward most players, offside. Early, Dries Mertens and Marek Hamsik engaged in a high press, not allowing Madrid to get comfortable in possession.
As seen above, Napoli's lack of width in the midfield meant the left wing was free for the marauding Marcelo. Jose Callejon, a product of Real Madrid's youth system, was tasked with keeping close tabs on Marcelo when there was too much space, at rare moments joining the defenders in a back five as Marcelo moved even further forward.
Los Blancos also initiated a high press early—similar to what brought them success in the first leg of their Copa del Rey tie against Sevilla—to prevent Napoli from playing out of the back. In response to Napoli's press, Madrid attempted to spray the ball to wide areas of the pitch from back or deep in the midfield. They found success moving the ball right to left, in quick fashion, stretching the pitch to their liking and exploiting Napoli's asupervisorstioned lack of width behind its front three.
Napoli's aim offensively was to go forward in breathless counterattacking fashion, moving the ball through open space as soon as they won it back while the Madrid defenders were still in attacking positions. Also, as has been a large part of their playing style, they used short triangular passing patterns in small pockets of space, inviting Madrid players to press the ball, thus putting them out of shape and creating open space elsewhere. This was precisely what led to the opening goal in the eight minute of play.
Mertens excelled early in the false nine roles which has seen the Belgian in form like never before in their career. Here, the center back Raphael Varane stays close to Mertens as they drift inward to form a passing triangle between himself, Piotr Zielinski, and Amadou Diawara. Hamsik is allowed space to run in behind Varane, and would've had a chance at goal if not for an inaccurate ball from the 19-year-old Guinean (who was the best player on the pitch for Napoli on this night).
Here, the center back Koulibaly forms a short passing triangle between himself, Diawara, and Hamsik from a deep position. The Napoli-born Lorenzo Insigne is left unseen by Luka Modric, as he, Toni Kroos, and Casemiro are drawn to the short passing. Insigne runs in behind Modric as Mertens forces Varane off their line; Hamsik plays it to them and they strike the ball past an ill-prepared Keylor Navas into the back of the net to claim the crucial away goal.
From there, Napoli sought to control the game by continuing their short passing game. However, Madrid didn't press themselves out of shape as Napoli hoped they would; they were content to sit back and allow temporary spells of possession without fruition, relying on James Rodriguez to come back and provide a worthy defensive effort.
Above, they and Modric are the deepest midfield players to keep Hamsik from roaming into a dangerous position while Casemiro and Kroos contain the short passing play.
Below, after Benzema headed home the equalizer, Madrid takes on a structured defensive shape. James is in a wide defensive position in order to prevent the right back Faouzi Ghoulam from providing a threat. Modric again sits deep, preventing Mertens from getting the ball.
Modric movement nearly undoes Napoli
As Madrid became more comfortable on the ball, the Croatian midfielder became the key facilitator of movement from inside their own half to Napoli's final third. Napoli were opened up on numerous occasions as the European champions went from prey to predator.
Modric acted as a deep-lying playmaker of sorts, though they were willing to exploit the space given to them by Hamsik's attempts to help the congest space near the ball.
Here, Modric possesses the ball deep in the midfield. Napoli's midfielders cut passing lanes but leave Marcelo free to run on the left. James, seen here on the right, drifts left to support Marcelo and to attract attention to himself, freeing space for others.
After some one-touch play between Benzema and Modric, which draws the defense towards Benzema, Modric explodes behind Diawara and past Hamsik. Elseid Hysaj, the right back, is drawn to James and Raul Albiol, the center back, moves up to pressure Benzema. The line is broken, and Diawara's high position gives Modric the space to run free.
Kalidou Koulibaly inches towards Modric, but that's exactly what Modric wanted the Cameroonian to do. Koulibaly leaves just enough space between themselves and Ronaldo for Modric to make the final pass into the six yard box. Luckily for Napoli, Ronaldo missed the mark on their shot.
Modric continued to roam free, forgotten by Hamsik as Napoli tried to contain Marcelo on the left wing.
Napoli defense adjusts, Modric responds
Eventually, Modric received the attention they warranted.
Below, Insigne comes in deep to mark him.
Above, Napoli is in a defensive 4-4-2 shape. Modric is contained by Insigne and Diawara, as well as by Hamsik's high press. The high line by the back four puts Benzema and Ronaldo in an offside position. There are little options with the ball.
Again, Modric is contained by Hamisk and Insigne. All passing lanes are well covered; Ramos' only conceivable option is play a long ball.
How does Modric respond?
They move deep, basically even with Sergio Ramos. If Insigne presses Modric, Napoli are exposed.
Ramos plays it to Modric, who picks out Ronaldo as they come back into the space left empty by Hamsik and Diawara.
Ronaldo draws in both Insigne and Koulibaly…
Leaving Carvajal available. Kouliably takes a spill, Ghoulam runs at Caravajal…
…and Ronaldo is in after the give-and-go. Benzema really should've bagged the shot, but hit the outside of the post. Credit goes to Pepe Reina for a solid effort. They put Benzema under pressure and the Frenchman didn't get the cleanest hit.
James key to winning goal
Napoli came out to an inspired start in the early minutes of the second half, hoping to duplicate their buoyant start to the first. However, James' defensive work paid dividends, as did their keen positioning on the counter attack, as Madrid took a 2-1 lead and didn't look back.
Immediately after a throw-in by Napoli, James is positioned between Ghoulam and Hamsik. They intercept the pass…
…and Ronaldo gets the ball behind all three midfield players and one defender.
Kouliably presses Ronaldo as Ghoulam tucks in.
When Ronaldo gives the ball back to James, Kouliably follows. Ronaldo is free to run.
Ronaldo cuts inside with the ball and Koulibaly takes another spill. James provides a decoy, and Kroos, making an unimpeded run from deep in the midfield, sends the ball into the net at the near post.
Ball press leads to decisive goal
Energized by their goal, Kross initiated a ball press high up the pitch as Ronaldo called on their teammates to do the same.
Ronaldo, Benzema, James, and Modric stuck to their opposition while Kroos ran towards the ball like a man with cocaine-fueled obsession.
The ball is forced back to Koulibaly and back to Reina, who has no choice but to play a long ball.
A few minutes later, from a goal kick, Madrid goes all in. James presses Reina while Benzema, Kroos, and Ronaldo form the other three parts of a diamond around the three central Napoli players.
Benzema presses Koulibaly, cutting off the nearest passing lane; Modric anticipates the pass to Albiol and sprints toward him.
Albiol is forced to pass the ball to Koulibaly with Benzema closing in. As Hamsik comes to help, Casemiro breathes down their neck.
Koulibaly's only option is Hamsik. Even if they see Hysaj, a ball across the middle of the pitch with Marcelo and Ronaldo nearby is not a good idea. Casemiro knows where the ball is going, as does Modric.
Casemiro intercepts the ball and Modric is there to collect it with options in a scoring position. Eventually a looping ball makes it to make Casemiro's foot, who buries a remarkable volley justified by their and their team's efforts.
After Madrid's nearly seamless triumph, Napoli head home forced to win by two goals in order to earn the club's first quarterfinal appearance since the tournament was rebranded in 1992. It's not an impossible task, but if Madrid continues their high press at key moments and if Napoli is unable to cope defensively with Madrid's off-the-ball movement, Neopolitans will not have a happy night and Madrid will see themselves racing toward a potential European repeat.
Advertisements
Biblical Texts related to Catholic Liturgy
compiled by Felix Just, S.J., Ph.D. [updated for the 3rd Edition of the Roman Missal]
Biblical Background for the Christian Eucharist:
Abraham and Melchizedek share bread and wine (Gen 14:18-20)
Abraham provides a meal for the Three Visitors (Gen 18:1-8)
Israelites in Egypt celebrate the first Passover (Exod 12:1-28)
Israelites annually share Passover meals (Exod 12:43-51; Lev 23:4-14; Num 9:1-14; 28:16-25; Deut 16:1-8)
Israelites annually celebrate the feast of Unleavened Bread (Exod 12:14-20; 13:3-10; 23:14-15; 34:18; etc.)
Prophet Elisha feeds 100 men with very little food (2 Kings 4:42-44)
Jesus feeds 5000 people in Galilee (Mark 6:30-44; Matt 14:13-21; Luke 9:10-17; John 6:1-14)
Jesus feeds another crowd of 4000 people (Mark 8:1-10; Matt 15:32-39)
Jesus tells many parables involving meals and banquets (Matt 22:1-14; 25:1-13; Luke 12:35-40; 14:15-24; etc.)
Jesus has many meals with disciples and others (Mark 2:15-20; 14:3-9; Luke 14:1-14; etc.)
Jesus shares their Last Supper with their disciples (Mark 14:12-27; Matt 26:17-30; Luke 22:7-39; cf. 1 Cor 11:23-25)
The Risen Jesus shares a meal with two disciples at Emmaus (Luke 24:13-35)
The Risen Jesus has breakfast with disciples at the Sea of Galilee (John 21:1-14)
Early Christians in Jerusalem share in the "Breaking of the Bread" (Acts 2:42-47)
Early Christians in Troas "break bread" with Paul (Acts 20:5-11)
Early Christians in Corinth celebrate the "Lord's Supper" (1 Cor 10:16-17; 11:17-34; cf. Rev 19:9)
for a compilation of these biblical texts, click here
Use of Scripture in Early Christian Worship:
From the very beginning, Christian worship has not only involved the sharing of bread and wine in a ritual meal, but also included readings from the sacred scriptures (as was and is also done in Jewish synagogue services). Early Christians not only read from the Jewish scriptures, but soon also included some writings of Christian leaders:
James says the books of Moses have been read aloud in Jewish synagogue services for many generations (Acts 15:21)
Jesus reads from the book of the prophet Isaiah during a synagogue service (Luke 4:16-22, citing Isa 61:1-2)
The risen Jesus explains the meaning of the scriptures to two disciples on the road to Emmaus (Luke 24:25-47)
The apostles base their preaching on the scriptures (Acts 2:14-36; 7:2-53; 17:1-11)
Christians read from the books of “the Law and the Prophets” (Acts 13:15-44)
Christians sing the Psalms and other hymns in their worship (Col 3:16; Eph 5:18-20)
The scriptures are applied to all aspects of Christian life (1 Tim 4:13; 2 Tim 3:16-17)
The letters of Paul are already considered “scripture” (2 Peter 3:15-17; cf. 1 Thess 5:27; Col 4:16)
Biblical Background of Liturgical Texts:
The words spoken by the priests and the people during the Catholic Mass and other Christian liturgies are not only based loosely on the Bible; many of them are direct quotations from particular biblical texts:
Introductory Rites: Sign of the Cross: "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit." (Matt 28:19; cf. John 14:13-14; Acts 2:21)
Liturgical Greeting: "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Spirit be with you all." (2 Cor 13:14) "Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ" (Phil 1:2; Eph 1:2) "The Lord be with you." (2 Tim 4:22; cf. Matt 1:23; 28:20)
People's Response: "And with your spirit" (cf. Gal 6:18; 2 Tim 4:22)
Rite of Blessing and Sprinkling Holy Wate r (see Ezek 36:25; cf. Num 8:7a)
r Penitential Act: Intro: "Let us acknowledge our sins, and so prepare ourselves to celebrate the sacred mysteries." (cf. Ps 51:5) "I confess to almighty God..." (cf. Lev 5:5; Neh 1:5-9; Dan 9:3-19; James 5:16) "Have mercy on us, O Lord. / For we have sinned against you. / Show us, O Lord, your mercy. / And grant us your salvation." (Ps 41:4) "Lord, Have Mercy" (Matt 15:22; 17:15; 20:30-31; cf. Ps 123:3)
Gloria: "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to people of good will" (Luke 2:14; cf. Rev 4:11; 5:11-14) "We praise you, we bless you, we adore you, we glorify you..." (Cf. Ps 148:13) "Lord Jesus Christ, Only Begotten Son" (cf. Ps 2:7; John 1:14) "Lord God, Lamb of God, Son of the Father, you take away the sins of the world..." (cf. John 1:29) etc.
Prayers concluded by "Amen" (Neh 8:6; Ps 41:13; Rom 16:27; Heb 13:20-21; Rev 7:16) Liturgy of the Word: Introductory/Concluding Dialogues: "A reading from the book/letter of..." "The Word of the Lord" (1 Peter 1:25) - "Thanks be to God" (Rom 6:17; 2 Cor 9:15) "A reading from the holy Gospel according to..." - "Glory to you, O Lord" "The Gospel of the Lord" (Rom 16:25; Mark 1:1) - "Praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ"
Acclamations before the Gospel: "Alleluia" (many Psalms, esp. Ps 146-150; Rev 19:1-6) "Praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ, King of endless glory!" (cf. Ps 24:7-10; 1 Thess 2:12; 2 Tim 4:18) "Praise and honor to you, Lord Jesus Christ!" (cf. Dan 4:34, 37; 1 Peter 1:7) "Glory and praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ!" (cf. Phil 1:11)
Profession of Faith: "I believe..." (Mark 9:24; John 11:27; cf. John 14:1; 1 John 5:10)
General Intercessions: "We pray to the Lord" (Exod 8:29-30; 10:17-18; Jer 42:2-4; Acts 8:22-24) "Lord, hear our prayer" (2 Kings 20:2-5; Isa 38:2-5)
Liturgy of the Eucharist: Preparation of the Gifts: "Blessed are you, Lord God of all creation..." (cf. 1 Chron 29:10; Ps 72:18-19; 119:10; Luke 1:68) "Blessed be God forever. " (cf. Gen 14:20; Ps 66:20; 68:35)
Eucharistic Acclamations: "Holy, Holy, Holy Lord God of hosts..." (Isa 6:3; Rev 4:8) "Blessed is they who comes in the name of the Lord." (Ps 118:26; Mark 11:9; Matt 21:9; Luke 19:38; John 12:13) "Hosanna in the highest" (Mark 11:10; Matt 21:9; cf. Luke 19:38)
Words of Institution: (see Mark 14:22-24; Matt 26:26-28; cf. Luke 22:17-20; 1 Cor 11:23-25) "Take this, all of you, and eat of it, for this is my Body, which will be given up for you" (a combination of Mark 14:22; Matt 26:26; Luke 22:19; 1 Cor 11:24) "Take this, all of you, and drink from it, for this is the chalice of my Blood, the Blood of the new and eternal covenant, which will be poured out for you and for many for the forgiveness of sins." (a combination of Mark 14:24; Matt 26:27b-28; cf. Luke 22:17, 20; 1 Cor 11:25) "Do this in remembrance of me" (only Luke 22:19; 1 Cor 11:24a, 25b)
Memorial Acclamations: "We proclaim your Death, O Lord, and profess your Resurrection until you come again." (cf. 1 Cor 16:22) "When we eat this Bread and drink this Cup, we proclaim your Death, O Lord, until you come again." (cf. 1 Cor 11:26) "Save us, Savior of the world, for by your Cross and Resurrection you have set us free." (cf. Matt 8:25; Luke 4:42; Rom 8:21)
Lord's Prayer: "Our Father in heaven..." (Matt 6:9-13; cf. Luke 11:2-4; Mark 14:36; Gal 4:6) Embolism: "Deliver us, Lord, we pray, from every evil... as we await the blessed hope and the coming of our Saviour, Jesus Christ" (Titus 2:13) Doxology: "For the kingdom, the power, and the glory are yours..."
(found only in some biblical manuscripts after Matt 6:13; cf. Rev 4:11; 11:15; 1 Chron 29:11)
Greeting of Peace: "Lord Jesus Christ, you said to your apostles, 'I leave you peace, my peace I give you'" (John 14:27) "The peace of the Lord be with you always." (cf. John 16:33; 20:19, 21, 26)
Breaking of the Bread: "Lamb of God, you take away the sins of the world..." (cf. John 1:29, 36; Rev 5:6-13; 22:1-3)
Preparation before Communion: "Behold the Lamb of God, behold them who takes away the sins of the world. Blessed are those called to the supper of the Lamb." (John 1:29, 36; Rev 19:9) "Lord, I am not worthy that you should enter under my roof, but only say the word and my soul shall be healed." (Matt 8:8; cf. Luke 7:1-10)
Concluding Rite: Final Blessing (cf. Gen 28:3; Deut 14:29; Num 6:23-27; Ps 29:11)
Dismissal: "Go forth, the Mass is ended." "Go and announce the Gospel of the Lord." (cf. Mark 16:15) "Go in peace, glorifying the Lord by your life." (cf. Ps 115:1; 1 Cor 10:31; 2 Thess 1:12) "Go in peace." (cf. Exod 4:18; Deut 10:11-13; Judg 18:6; 1 Sam 1:17; Mark 5:34; Luke 7:50; 8:48)
The Liturgy of the Hours and Other Prayers:
Canadians looking to buy their first homes seem to face an impossible dream these days, but the leap into property ownership has never been easy – even for those who have done it with great success.
First-time buyers today are dealing with skyrocketing home prices in Vancouver and Toronto, the apparent threat of foreign buyers and years of low interest rates. But what challenges did others face years before?
BNN asked Canadian business leaders to share their stories about buying their first homes, and the lessons they would give to those on the property hunt today.
John Tory, Mayor of Toronto, and former Rogers Cable and Rogers Media CEO
Tell us about your experience buying your first home.
“The most important thing I remember – and when you mention this nowadays to people today they think you're making it up – is that it had a mortgage rate of 10 per cent. At that time [in 1980], it was the lowest mortgage we rate we had. Right after that, rates went up close to 20 per cent.
We bought our first house in north Toronto. Before that, we lived in an apartment. The second bedroom in it was this tiny little room, so once we had a second child we ran out of space.
I had just started working as a lawyer and my wife was still a student, and I asked [the bank], how much money would you lend me? They told me how much they'd lend me based on the maximum, and I said fine. I had been advised by my law colleagues who were older and they said that you should go out and borrow as much as you can from the bank to buy as much house as you can. They said it's the only tax-free investment you get, and you'll appreciate it later because houses will appreciate in value, which turned out to be true.”
What advice would you give first-time homebuyers today?
“I think most people do this nowadays – especially at low interest rates – is to borrow as much as you can, but responsibly, to afford to buy a house that's as nice as it can be. I also think people should just get on with it – I know Kevin O'Leary has said that people should rent instead. Another piece of advice that's much more relevant now, is to buy a house that you think you're going to stay in for a long time because the cost of moving is so huge. And by that I mean the real estate fees, legal fees and the government taxes, including the ones that come to [the City of Toronto]. If you add up the cost of moving it's hugely expensive. Buy in a place where you're going to be satisfied in terms of the neighbourhood, the school. Look ahead, look well ahead.”
Stephen Letwin, CEO of Iamgold Corp
Tell us about your experience buying your first home.
Iamgold's Stephen Letwin
“We bought our first home in Calgary in 1980 at the top of the oil boom, for a ton of money for the size that we got. We went in at 11 per cent mortgage rates, which doubled in the next three years. We were locked in with a five-year mortgage. Calgary was decimated as oil prices fell in the years that followed. Many handed over the keys and walked away from their mortgage, but we kept our house, lived through it and survived through so much value destruction… I feel for Calgary today, which is going through the same thing today.”
What advice would you give first-time homebuyers today?
“Make sure you don't become house poor and that you can survive financially through both good and bad times. It's a mistake to buy more than you can afford – it puts pressure on your relationships, on everything.”
Mike McDerment, co-founder and CEO of FreshBooks
Tell us about your experience buying your first home.
“I bought my first home in 2014 in High Park [in Toronto's west end]. The truth is, I'd been talking about how inflated the housing market was in the years prior to that. But then, I got married and was told we're buying a house. It turns out I was the fool, because prices in our neighbourhood have been going up aggressively, about 30 per cent since we bought.
FreshBooks' Mike McDerment
It's been great – we bought a great home that we can reasonably manage. It's a 100-year Edwardian house with four bedrooms. I like our home, but at the same time, I'm not going to gush about an object. I don't see us moving until it's the right thing for our family. We're here for a while, we have a renter in the basement and there's a lot of runway for what we're doing.”
What advice would you give first-time homebuyers today?
“Make sure you can afford your house even if interest rates change. This is historically a very unusual interest-rate environment, and when they change it could cause a lot of pain. Lots of people are mortgage poor. But in our experience, I was over the age of 35 when we bought our house and my wife and I had been saving for some time. So we put down a good down payment and had a reasonable mortgage. You don't want to be forced to sell when prices are less than what you pay for.”
Peter Simons, CEO of La Maison Simons
Tell us about your experience buying your first home.
“The first time I bought was in 1993, before there was really more real estate inflation. It was in the downtown urban core in Quebec City's Montcalm area, right by the Plains of Abraham. It was a beautiful old home that had seen better days, and I renovated it myself. It was an interesting experience living in a house that you're in the process of renovating after work every day. I have fond memories of it and it's always nice building something, and bringing something back to life.
La Maison Simons' Peter Simons
“I remember paying a price that a lot of people said, ‘Oh you're crazy.' But the price doubled three or four years later. I remember the renovation being very expensive. But that home had good capital appreciation. I brought value to it by doing a quality renovation job.”
What advice would you give first-time homebuyers today?
“I wouldn't stretch myself on a home. I know it's very difficult and there are markets with high inflation. But you should stay within your means because the house isn't going to define you – it's the people and what's inside, and the relationships within a home. Perhaps we're too focused on the material, physical aspects of a home, and we should maybe downsize a bit and focus on what's in the home.
There's certainly going to be a new evolution of urban density for environmental reasons, in our larger cities. I think If I were young today, that's what I'd be looking at, trying to redefine and do something very unique. Look at something that's compact and more urban, that can create a quality of life, in a denser urban setting.”
Ellis Jacob, president and CEO of Cineplex
Tell us about your experience buying your first home.
“I bought my first home in Thornhill, Ont., and it was in a relatively new development and I bought it in 1979. I was 26 at the time. When I looked at [the housing market] then, I thought it was expensive, like everybody does. The mortgage rates were significantly higher than they were today – in the 10 to 11 per cent range.
Cineplex's Ellis Jacob
The reason I ended up buying the house was because my wife and I went to visit a cousin in San Francisco, and the first question they asked me was, ‘Are you in a house?' I said, ‘No no, we're staying in a rented apartment.' And they said, ‘This is a bad idea. You should go back home and buy yourself a property.' They said, ‘I know you're going to find it hard, but stretch yourself, do whatever you have to do. In the long run, it's a good way to save money and it's an asset that will appreciate while you live in it.'
So I took their advice and came back, and I felt like I spent a monumental amount of money when I bought my first house. I think it was about $113,000. It was a small home. Them advice paid off handsomely because I was then able to sell it and move into a bigger house once we had our kids. But now I've gone 360 [degrees] and we're back in a condo.”
What advice would you give first-time homebuyers today?
“I think it's important to make sure you can afford the house and that you buy something that you're comfortable with. And if you need to stretch, stretch a little bit, because in the long term it's a great asset to hold. Take advantage of today's interest rates because back then, they were significantly higher.”
After director Casey Tebo went "shoplifting" to make a point about online piracy, commenters on YouTube and Twitter showed them no mercy. However, noticing that no matter how far the director was pushed they remained friendly, TF caught up with them for a chat. What we found was a really cool guy - with a secret.
While Emmy-award winning director Casey Tebo is no stranger to movies, he's only ever uploaded one video to YouTube. Unusually, it featured them committing a crime.
After discovering that pirate copies of their movie Happy Birthday (starring Aerosmith's Steve Tyler) were being given away in a local store, Tebo decided to turn the tables.
Camera in hand, they documented themselves stealing clam chowder ingredients from the same store. If they can steal from their industry, they can steal from them, they argued.
What most people didn't know at the time is that the video was mostly a bit of fun. Many commenters on the YouTube video certainly didn't notice, attacking Tebo with the kind of venom only YouTubers can.
“You look like a fucking asshole, you fucking asshole,” said one.
“That's obvious. Never denied that!﻿” Tebo responded.
Throughout Thursday, Tebo fended off much of the same from several directions, even posting on Twitter that he'd received death threats.
But despite the negative comments, not once did Tebo bite. In fact, one person who decided to provoke the director by posting links to downloads of their movie was won over by their charm and voluntarily took them down. They now follow each other on Twitter. Might they actually be this friendly in real life?
“One thing we could use in this modern day is people being nicer! I honestly don't understand some of the hate and insults on the web, holy shit, my god people!!!” Tebo told TF.
Noting that he'd been called a ‘Rob Zombie Wanna Be' and even a ‘Duck Dynasty Asshole' this week, Tebo says he's always wanted to make movies since they were really small.
“I took that same path, making movies with my video camera etc. Then worked my way up doing small music videos, then bigger music videos, then live events, then live tv. Then a short film (one that all the people on YouTube cursing me out now seem to love?) and eventually my first feature, Happy Birthday.”
So how does Tebo, who has directed for Aerosmith, Mötley Crüe, Judas Priest and Run DMC, end up in a grocery store on a piracy protest? Have they been that badly affected by the phenomenon?
“I honestly can't say it has affected me, a lot, yet. But I like to take risks, and I was quite angry at the time when I found out that a guy I knew was getting pirated copies of movies at work, that's all. Adam [Tebo's friend] came up with the idea and it was funny to me,” they said.
“There are arguments for and against piracy, and I can totally see both sides, I really can, but it seems to be a generational split. My kids will NEVER know what it's like to pay for music – but I will never let them download movies, we buy everything. It goes into the work and money spent making movies.”
While not endorsing piracy in any way, Tebo seems to draw a somewhat wavy line between the effect piracy has on big movies versus the effect on smaller independent productions. Nevertheless, not even he's 100% sure.
“I think if a hundred million people go see Avengers, then does [piracy] hurt? No. Because those people pay for tickets. But a movie like mine, it's $500,000 – we sold it for less than that. It doesn't mean go and steal Avengers, or does it? I'm not sure.”
Casey is in their forties now, so probably quite a bit older than the average YouTube comment assassin. As a result, they can still remember the days when cassette tapes ruled the waves and, more recently, when the CD was king. These days, the former is all but dead and the latter is about to join it. Does holding something physical give content more value?
“I really think it's a generational thing. We LOVED tapes and CDs. We loved the art, the liner notes, the photos. Kids today will NEVER know that. They just play it on YouTube, and the quality is terrible, so to them, they're doing nothing wrong,” they explain.
“If you went to a town beach for your whole childhood, then suddenly some asshole bought it and wanted to charge, you'd be like ‘Fuck this guy!' – and so would I. Trust me, I get it. I really do.
“I guess my argument is, mine was a small film, and if the investors on an indie film lose money, guys who did it strictly for the passion, that kind of sucks for everyone involved. Once you see Transformers 5 make $400 million, if you're okay with it, download it.”
The whole grocery store stunt began because people downloaded Tebo's movie Happy Birthday for free. It's available in a number of places, such as iTunes and Amazon, but there are issues.
When TF tried to buy a copy on Amazon, the US version of the site wouldn't allow an overseas purchase. Equally, when we asked the US movie industry's WhereToWatch site for advice, we got nothing. Same result for the UK industry's FindAnyFilm site. Nothing on Netflix either, which is a shame since Tebo sees services like that as part of the solution.
“I think subscription-based is the way of the future. If Netflix has the best selection, why would you download stuff? Although, people probably like being a little naughty, you know? Like smoking a joint or doing a line of cocaine. This doesn't mean you're going to become Escobar – but, hey, have a little fun,” they say.
Grocery video aside, what pushed us to speak with Tebo was the way they handled their critics this week. Are they really this calm in real life when the haters let loose?
“There are homeless people, vets with missing limbs, Donald Trump is going to be our president when you post this. People have family members with cancer, etc. Life is fucking hard, it's stressful – I honestly don't understand that kind of hate, I really don't,” they say.
“People calling me an asshole, haha, okay. I worked my ass off for five years getting coffee and stuff in the music industry, and in 2015 I won an Emmy Award, call me an asshole all you want. I read bed time stories to my kids, I hold the door for people.
“What I've experienced in real life, is that you think you hate someone, then you have a few drinks and dinner, and you're laughing about how much you thought you hated them. Everyone has something negative to say. Take all that time, and go down to the homeless shelter and help out, put some things in perspective. The world is scary, but it's amazing as well.”
And that was the end of our interview – or so we thought.
On Friday, after carrying out our interview and writing all of the above, we contacted Tebo again, with a request for some photographs for the piece, which they sent through. However, they also had a confession to make.
“I have to be completely honest about something as it kept me up last night – as you guys are so nice. The whole video was a prank. The ‘manager' was an actor friend – and I would never ever steal anything. Who makes a point on stealing by stealing??!?!?” they said.
“My intention was always and only to get both sides of the piracy argument talking and it worked! For better or worse. And to get people talking about my movie. Whatever indie filmmakers can do to promote their movies. With piracy there are great arguments on both sides. And maybe I can help both sides better understand each other.”
From here, we understand that Tebo has another video up their sleeve that will appear in the coming days. While the route was unconventional, their opinions are still valid, and he's certainly got people talking about piracy. And that can't be a bad thing.
More than 5 years after their reports on so-called pink slime, ABC News will have its day in court.
In early 2012, ABC News aired several stories on lean finely-textured beef which critics have called pink slime. In Sept. 2012 Beef Products Inc. filed a 257-page lawsuit citing 11 TV reports and 14 online reports between March 7 and April 3, 2012.
ABC News anchor Diane Sawyer and ABC News correspondents Jim Avila and David Kerley were named as defendants as was a former Dept. of Agriculture microbiologist who coined the term “pink slime” in 2002. They were the whistleblower featured in ABC's reports. A few months ago Sawyer and Kerley were dropped from the suit, but Avila remains a defendant.
BPI is seeking $1.9 billion in damages for roughly 200 “false and misleading and defamatory” statements about the product. A few months after BPI filed its suit a worker who was among 750 people laid off from the meat processor also sued ABC News.
THR's Eriq Gardner is covering the trial in South Dakota and reports that damages could be significant:
BPI is claiming actual damages as high as $1.9 billion, and under South Dakota's Agricultural Food Products Disparagement Act, there's the possibility of trebled statutory damages, bringing the potential verdict to $5.7 billion (which doesn't even include the possibility of punitive damages). It's a sum so great that The Walt Disney Co., parent of ABC, has included this lawsuit — and no other lawsuit — in 10-Q reports to shareholders filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission. That means Disney sees the outcome as potentially “material” to its bottom line.
“We believe in the principle that people deserve to know what's in the food they eat and are confident that when all the facts are presented in court, ABC's reporting will be fully vindicated,” said Kevin Baine, counsel for ABC and Jim Avila, in a statement.
ABC News was not the first to report on LFTB, in fact the New York Times won a Pulitzer Prize for its reporting in 2009.
Comments
If you've ever spent a night in a hospital you will know that the food they serve isn't always that tasty. However, one would hope that these meals are scientifically thought out at least…
Some of these meals look like they came straight off a plane.
Germanay: Schnitzel, a dumpling noodle dish called spätzle, salad and cake
Tokyo, Japan: Pickles, miso soup, rice and what appears to be chicken
Estonia: Mashed potatoes, meat and cabbage stew, vegetables, milk and a pastry
Malvern, Australia: Lamb tagine with sandwiches, broccoli, corn, fruit and bread
Britain: Minestrone soup, beef and onion pie, steamed vegetables and a banana
Jakarta, Indonesia: Noodles, chicken, eggs, broth and rice porridge, to be mixed together to make a soup
Dubai, UAE: Spaghetti, side salad, bread, vegetables and cake
Poland: A measley piece of bread with butter, pickle and sausage
Norway: Untoasted bread, salad and what looks like a plain burger
Japan: A bento box filled with fresh vegetables, meat, fish, noodles and tempura
Richmond, Canada: Sweet and sour pork, bok choy, white rice and a side of honeydew melon
New York: Salmon patties with saffron cream sauce, rice, pumpkin, asparagus and banana cake
China: Rice and a selection of curries
Malaysia: Fried chicken and noodles
Sydney, Australia: Pumpkin soup, apricot chicken, peas and mashed potato
Massachusetts, USA: Salad, chicken soup with crackers
Paris, France: Smoked salmon salad, chicken and courgette, baguette and a slice of pie
Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner in Serbia
Sources: imgur, facebook/mimapetrovic, trueactivist
Follow us
Share this article
I've got two words for you for the simple fix to the controversial all-online All-Star Game voting: Election Night.
Imagine the day and night of July 6, eight days before the All-Star Game. Polls are open from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. in each time zone, except you don't have to go to a polling station, just to your favorite electronic device. You still get to vote up to 35 times for your favorite players.
Results are tabulated in real time, so you're watching a dynamic process unfold, the same as in a political election. MLB Network, Fox Sports 1 and ESPN all can cover the election, just as the major networks all cover a political election. Imagine, for instance, a close race between Buster Posey of San Francisco and Yadier Molina of St. Louis for the National League starting catcher spot. Molina is the early leader, but … the West Coast votes are open until 9 p.m. Eastern time. Will the San Francisco vote carry Posey to the top? Stay tuned …
MLB Network host Greg Amsinger deserves credit for coming up with the idea (perhaps imagining themselves at an interactive map of the country going all Wolf Blitzer on us as they declare that Missouri has gone for Matt Carpenter). I like it because of its timeliness. Ask yourself this: If All-Star voting were invented today, with the speed in which information now travels, would you invent a slow, inert process that takes weeks to unfold? No; we do it that way because that's the way it's always been, which is not a good enough reason.
•​ The Strike Zone Podcast: Will MLB take All-Star voting away from fans?
Major League Baseball moved to all-electronic voting for the first time this year. Nobody trusts the process, not when Omar Infante (.237 OBP) and the Royals rule the voting. I have great respect for Royals fans. They've created an energy and intensity at Kauffman Stadium that is matched only by AT&T Park, and they've fallen head over heels for an exciting, emotional and athletic team. I get it. But we're still talking about a team that is 10th among the 30 major league teams in merchandising. I don't trust a national process in which more people vote for Salvador Perez than Mike Trout, or a process in which one out of every five votes have been thrown out as invalid.
The goals of All-Star voting are to get the best players to the game, get the fans involved, and promote baseball and the All-Star Game itself. What MLB places a premium on are the two months of constant salespersonship of the voting process. But in an all-electronic voting world, the rules have changed. And here's why Election Night works:
1. An event-oriented society. The Oscars. The Super Bowl. World Series Game 7. The Caitlyn Jenner interview. The things that move the audience meter are one-off events. Baseball's drawing power in another, slower-paced time was its reliable unfolding, like serial novels by great writers that ran in newspapers a century ago. The season is a string of series and the postseason is a series of games. Narratives build. Fortunes rise and fall. We filled the space in between with anticipation.
Now audiences have too many distractions to have their attention held that long. What takes time to unfold—novels, newspapers, albums, soap operas, test cricket, Clay Buchholz pitching with runners on base—are losing appeal. Events sell. They move social media and trigger watch parties. Baseball's problem is that it has so few events.
Game 7? You don't know you're getting one until late the evening before it's played. How can you plan a party around that?
Baseball could do better here. Opening Night should be a flex schedule game; this year, for instance, should have been Clayton Kershaw against Madison Bumgarner in San Francisco, not Cubs vs. Cardinals. The All-Star Home Run Derby, meanwhile, should be scheduled with fixed brackets that people can fill out days before the event.
The Thursday after the All-Star Game, as I have suggested long ago, should be an event called The Summer Game in which instead of going dark (during the one time when baseball has the sports stage to itself) baseball schedules one game at a non-MLB venue in a non-MLB city that is an iconic American spot. First year: Cardinals vs. Cubs at the Field of Dreams site in Dyersville, Iowa. Future years: Twins vs. White Sox at a field built near the Black Hills of South Dakota with Mount Rushmore in the background; Tigers vs. Indians at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Mich.; Phillies vs. Pirates at Beaver Stadium in University Park, Pa.; etc.
The two Wild Card games have helped: They jumpstart the postseason with two guaranteed double-elimination games. The uniform finish line on the last day of the season (every game on Oct. 4 begins at 3:05 p.m. Eastern time) also will help. All-Star Election Night would give baseball another real event—a dedicated date on the sports calendar it owns.
Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
​2. A better vote outcome. Really, why is anybody voting for All-Stars in the early days of May? Lorenzo Cain was hitting .339 on May 9; they are hitting .259 since. Let's allow a larger sample before we start handing out All-Star starting spots.
3. Promotion. The fear is that you're forfeiting two months of salespersonship. But you could set up All-Star vote “primary” elections. You can still have two months of fan voting—but use it to help determine the final ballot. Take the voting results from the fans (say the top three or four players at each position) and from the players to forge a Final Ballot for Election Night.
The Final Ballot candidates are announced seven to 10 days before Election Night. Each club can then knock itself out running campaigns for their players up to and including the day of the election.
The idea is that on July 6 you are voting from among only the very best candidates after half the season has been played. No Omar Infantes. No voting for nine guys from your favorite team.
4. Buzz. No other sport has an Election Night. Baseball can get out front in terms of cool factor. It can own another night on the sports calendar and around the water cooler.
Of course, to make this work you'd need an All-Star I.T. team to guarantee reliability. You know how savvy are those Kansas City fans.
A dent in the armor
Max Scherzer lost their perfect game because of body armor. One strike away from their perfecto on Saturday, the Nationals' ace threw a slider that backed up on him, hitting Pittsburgh pinch hitter Jose Tabata on the left elbow. Wait: not just the elbow, but the elbow pad. I've been saying for years that such body armor gives the hitter an unfair advantage. Hitters use the elbow pad not just for protection, but also as an offensive tool.
​Tabata dipped their elbow into the pitch, a maneuver they are not likely to make if they were not wearing armor. Why reward hitters for wearing armor? I would not outlaw armor, but I would impose a rule that if a hitter is hit with a pitch on body armor they are not awarded first base. The pitch simply is recorded as a ball (assuming it's not in the strike zone) and we play on. You get protection, but you don't get an advantage.
No one used body armor and the loose-fitting uniform as an offensive tool better than Craig Biggio, who is going into the Hall of Fame in small part because they learned this skill midway through their career. Through age 28, Biggio was hit by pitches once every 106 plate appearances. But everything changed in 1995. They led the league with 22 HBP. Starting from that season, Biggio tripled their rate of HBP (one every 35 plate appearances). If Biggio had maintained their usual rate of HBP, they would have finished their career with a .356 on-base percentage. Instead, their learned skill of getting hit by pitches boosted their OBP to .363.
Speaking of hit by pitches, the next time somebody tries to tell you the 1960s were the epitome of tough-minded pitchers throwing at hitters with impunity, you can tell them that this era is the golden era of the HBP. In the Live Ball Era (since 1920), the 23 seasons with the highest rate of HBP per game all have occurred in the past 23 years. The rate of hit batters per game today (0.32) is double what it was in 1980 (0.16) and 60% higher than what it was in 1960 (0.20).
Miggy vs. A-Rod
On the night Alex Rodriguez reached 3,000 hits, Miguel Cabrera completed their 12th calendar year in the big leagues. Cabrera made their debut on June 20, 2003, and in the 12 years since they took their first at-bat, they have collected 2,268 hits and 405 home runs. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, no player in major league history has had both as many hits and home runs as Cabrera within 12 years of their first game.
Here is how Cabrera compares to Rodriguez through the same number of games played (1,885):
player h HR RBIs AVG OBP SLG OPS Cabrera 2,268 405 1,420 .321 .398 .565 .963 Rodriguez 2,228 512 1,482 .306 .388 .579 .967
For the first time in their career, Cabrera this year has more hits to the opposite field (19) than to the pull field (eight).  They are hitting .345 when they go the other way and .267 when they pull the ball. What's going on?
“Last year I couldn't hit the ball that way [to rightfield],” Cabrera said. “I just wasn't comfortable. This year, I feel like this is the way I want to hit. I want the pitcher to pitch me in. I want to hit that pitch the other way. When they pitch me away, of course I'm going to hit that ball to rightfield. But when they come in, even if it's off the plate, I feel like the umpire can call it a strike so I swing. And when I swing I can still hit it the other way.”
While Cabrera is on track for 3,000 hits, Ichiro Suzuki (2,886), Adrian Beltre (2,657) and Albert Pujols (2,588) are next in line. If Suzuki reaches 3,000, they will break a strange and extraordinary streak: Every player who debuted since 1968 and reached 3,000 hits got to the milestone with the help of a hit off Jamie Moyer. From Robin Yount to Rodriguez, the past 13 hitters to reach 3,000 did so with the help of Moyer, whose 25-year MLB career ended in 2012 at age 49. Suzuki played with Moyer in Seattle for six seasons, but never faced him.
2016 is coming to an end and we have seen many new technology advancements that amazed at every point. This is the only reason, we started a series of articles in which we are covering some of the best gadgets, games, software of year 2016 that has been popular all over the world.
We have already covered the best camera smartphones of year 2016 and best pc games of year 2016 which were appreciated by our readers. Continuing the same series, in this article, we will be talking about some of the best tablets of year 2016 that has been popular all over the world because of their design, features, functionality, speed and much more.
Tablet PCs are comparatively less popular than smartphones and laptops, but there are still few devices available that attract those people who tend to buy a 2-in-1 to accomplish their regular tasks rather than a smartphone. The success of any product depends on the usability of the customer.
Many people feel more comfortable in carrying a tablet PC rather a laptop because they are smaller and occupy less space. If you buy a tablet which provides satisfactory performance and includes advanced features then you would be able to continue your work from any place, anytime.
Here we have listed the best tablets of year 2016, you may find the maximum number of tablets from Apple as they still continue to lead the market and have a range of iPads but there are some other remarkable device listed too that flaunt similar or even better specifications.
Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is one of the best tablet PC available in the market that integrates the latest Intel Processor and offers larger as well as brighter display than its predecessor. You can buy the detachable keyboard separately and use it as a laptop when you want. The Surface Pro 4 features 12.3 inch 10-point multi-touch display with a native screen resolution of 2736 x 1824 pixels and 3:2 image aspect ratio.
The device is strongly built of magnesium alloy and weighs around 27.02 oz. (766 grams) so feels a bit bulky in hands. However, it packs powerful components such as Intel Core m3-6Y30 Processor coupled with 4GB RAM and runs on latest 64-bit Windows 10 Pro Edition. It has advanced security feature named Windows Hello and offers 30 days free trial of Microsoft Office suite.
It also equips autofocus camera and sensors like Accelerometer, magnetometer and gyroscope. The tablet sports Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac and Bluetooth 4.0 for wireless connectivity.
Also, if you have already purchased it and looking for some case, have a look at some of the best Microsoft Surface Pro 4 cases and covers.
Google Pixel C is aluminium unibody tablet and well designed optional magnetic keyboard (that connects via Bluetooth automatically) costs, additional $150, still Google Pixel C is less expensive than some of its competitors. The tablet measures 242 x 179 x 7 mm and weighs 1.14 pounds (517 grams) so you may find it a bit heavy, but due to its thin body, you can easily hold it and port anywhere.
The device runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow and equips NVIDIA X1 quad-core processor bundled with Maxwell GPU to deliver lightning fast performance as well as excellent graphics. It features a large and bright 10.2 inch Low Temperature Poly-Silicon multi-touch display with 2,560 x 1,800 pixel resolution and 308 ppi pixel density.
The tablet offers 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage capacity, however, a 64GB storage model is also available. The tablet packs long-lasting 34.2 hr battery and sports 802.11a/b/g/n/ac and Bluetooth 4.1 for wireless connectivity.
Sony Xperia Z4 has a strong body and boasts a sleek design that looks very premium. The tablet is water as well as dustproof and you can attach the Bluetooth keyboard to use it as a laptop easily. It features 10.1 inch IPS capacitive multi-touch screen with 2560 x 1600 pixels screen resolution and LED backlight. The tablet is powered by 2 GHz Octa-core Snapdragon 810 processor for fast and efficient performance and integrates Adreno 430 GPU for quality graphics.
It runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system and includes tons of useful features such as gesture control, Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) 3.0, charging via USB, AptX technology and more. It is a 5.08 mm thin tablet that weighs 13.86 oz. (393 grams) only which is lesser than any above mentioned tablet.
Advance navigation system such as A-GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou and services like Google Maps Street View, gpsOneXTRA, OMA Secure User Plane Location etc. are available for the users. It offers 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, advance rear and front camera with digital zoom and 1080p video recording ability, USB 3.0 Type B, FM radio and a strong battery.
Design It is smaller than the previous 12 inch model and weighs around 15.41 oz. (437 grams) so you can carry it with you more conveniently. The tablet features 9.7-inch LED backlight IPS multi-touch antireflective display with 2048 x 1536 pixel resolution and 264 ppi pixel density. It runs on Apple iOS 10 operating system and is powered by Apple A9X (64 bit) processor.
The iPad Pro model offers 32GB internal storage and comes with 12 megapixel rear can that has the ability to shoot 4K videos along with 5 megapixel front camera with retina flash. The device packs a strong 27.5 Whr battery that provides up to 10 hours of web surfing over Wi-Fi and 10 hours of audio/video playback.
For wireless connectivity, it has Bluetooth 4.2 and IEEE 802.11ac, 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11n. The tablet ships in silver colour and features two microphones, four speakers and a fingerprint reader.
The Galaxy Tab S2 features 9.7 inches display with 2,048 x 1,536 pixel screen resolution and 264 ppi Pixel density. Dimensions of the tablet are 237.3 x 169 x 5.6 mm and it weighs around 0.58 pounds (265grams) so just imagine how a 5.6 mm thin tablet will look and feel?
The Galaxy Tab S2 is powered by Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5433 (1.3GHz quad-core Cortex A53 + 1.9GHz quad-core Cortex A57) processor coupled with 3GB RAM for fast and smooth performance. Two variants of Galaxy Tab S2 offer 32GB and 64GB storage capacity and the battery lasts for around 8 hours easily.
It also features an 8 megapixel rear camera and 2.1 megapixel front camera. The starting price of the tablet is $500 which we believe is affordable for the masses.
iPad Mini 4 has an improved camera, faster processor and better display quality then the previous iPad Mini 2 but if you compare it with another iPad introduced by Apple, Air 2, you may find it less powerful. Though, it is undoubtedly a nice option for those who want a tablet with smaller screen so that they can carry it simply in their bags and roam everywhere. The iPad Mini 4 features a 7.9-inch LED backlight IPS multi-touch screen with a native resolution of 2048 x 1536 pixels and 326 ppi pixel density.
The powerful Apple A8 chip has been integrated into the device to generate power and it runs on the latest Apple iOS 10 operating system. The iPad Mini 4 offers 16GB internal storage and equips an 8-megapixel iSight camera that records 1080p videos. The long lasting Li-Polymer battery provides up to 10 hours of web surfing over Wi-Fi network and Bluetooth 4.2 is also available for wireless connectivity.
Huawei MediaPad M3 features an 8.4 inch IPS display with 2560 x 1600 screen resolution and 359 ppi pixel density. The device is available in Gold and Silver colours and has a fast and accurate fingerprint reader to unlock the device. It is powered by 2.3 GHz Octa-core Huawei Cortex-A72 processor and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The tablet offers 4 GB LPDDR4 SD RAM to avoid lag while running multiple applications together and 32 GB storage which is expendable. The tablet also equips front and rear autofocus camera for video calling and packs a powerful 5100 mAh that lasts for the entire day easily. The connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, A-GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou, micro USB, 3.5 mm jack and micro SD card slot.
Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 has an attractive design which looks quite similar to the previous model and comes at an affordable price. The tablet sports a Dolby Atmos audio-enhancing feature which is exceptional, but doesn't have a micro SD card slot. It features an 8.9 inch multi-touch display with the native screen resolution of 2560 x 1600 pixels and 339 ppi pixel density.
The tablet runs on Amazon Fire OS 4 operating system and is powered by 2.5 GHz Snapdragon 805 Quad-Core processor bundled with Adreno 420 GPU. Wireless connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n/ac and Bluetooth and equips front+ rear camera with LED light that is capable of recording 720p videos. It comes with 2GB RAM, 64GB internal storage, stereo speakers, dual microphones, micro USB port and a 3.5 mm jack.
So, here are all the best tablets of year 2016 that we have liked and quite sure that you have one of them. If not, you can buy any of these best tablets of 2016 from the links given. A tablet can prove to be a useful device in many occasions, especially when you travel somewhere. These robust tablets of year 2016 that are mentioned above include powerful features and allow you to meet your targets on time effortlessly.
Baseball is all the rage in Fayetteville, with the city close to signing a deal that would commit $35 million for a new baseball stadium in the hope of attracting a minor-league team to town.
Unfortunately, there are many errors in the city's logic and implementation, making the idea a more foul tip than a home run.
Over the past two years, Fayetteville's movers and shakers have come to the conclusion that minor-league baseball would solve many of the city's problems, culminating in a city-funded consultant's report in June on the feasibility of the project.
The city is in negotiations to land the Houston Astros' Class-A Advanced farm team, which currently plays in Lancaster, Calif. The Astros want to wrap up an agreement with the city soon.
“I think everybody sees it as an economic development opportunity,” the Fayetteville Observer quoted Councilman Kirk deViere as saying. Councilman Mitch Colvin was even more blunt, proclaiming that “Fayetteville needs this to move forward.”
Would a minor-league baseball team create some jobs? Sure, but given the nature of the entertainment it provides — the season is only about five months long, with each game lasting around three hours — most of those jobs would be part-time, seasonal, or both.
That hasn't seemed to bother Fayetteville officials.
Baseball supposedly would be only part of the stadium project. Councilman Jim Arp has talked up how a stadium could serve as more than a minor-league baseball facility, also hosting football and soccer games, concerts, and even act as a municipal park.
That's questionable thinking at best. If multi-use stadiums were such a great idea, we'd see them everywhere. And we don't.
Why? Because the shape of the playing area differs greatly among baseball, football, and soccer. A great seat for a baseball game would be a poor seat for a soccer match.
Is adding another large place for bands to play really a top concern in Fayetteville? The area already has other viable options, beginning with the Crown Complex, which was built with public money.
A baseball stadium could be a key element in an economic development plan, but it's risky, even if you have a specific site early on with an actual plan for the broader area you're trying to remake. In Fayetteville's case, the consultants' June report identified two possible sites, located miles apart, and the city doesn't have a larger redevelopment concept.
Absent that planning, Fayetteville is essentially saying that baseball is good for the community in a general economic sense. The economics literature, however, has repeatedly demonstrated just the opposite — stadiums are bad public investments.
The city's main concern is the stadium's projected price tag of $43.9 million or $46.9 million, depending upon location. That's a lot of money — over $200 per resident. During a recent committee meeting, city leaders voted to cap Fayetteville's stadium development cost to $35 million.
Even more troubling is that despite the Astros' looming deadline, the city has no idea how to pay for the ballpark. Financing stadium construction would cost about $3 million a year.
By comparison, the city took in $30.4 million in sales tax revenue and $68.4 million in property tax collections in the fiscal year that ended June 30, 2015.
It's just hard to imagine Fayetteville paying for a stadium without significantly raising taxes or fees and/or cutting services. Making matters worse, the city has no idea whether Cumberland County might chip in on the project, as the city's consultants were directed not to talk to the county.
Sports is very much a business, but Fayetteville's approach to building a stadium is very much bush-league. Before going down this risky path, any city should at least develop a more coherent vision than Fayetteville has so far.
Michael Lowrey is a Carolina Journal contributor.
Radical new research led by a British scientist has suggested that there may be a second universe where time runs backwards.
The theoretical claims put forward in the Physical Review Letters journal could revolutionise the field of research into the origin and future of the universe.
In the paper titled 'Identification of a Gravitational Arrow of Time', an international team of world renowned scientists led by Oxfordshire-based Dr Julian Barbour challenge assumptions about the so called 'arrow of time'.
The 'arrow of time' is the theory that time is symmetric and therefore time moves forward. They contend that there is no scientific reason that a mirror universe could not have been created where time moved in an distinct way from our own.
But in a quirk of science it is thought that if a parallel universe did exist where time moved backward, any sentient beings there would consider that time in our universe in fact moved backward.
The arrow of time is also known as the 'one-way' direction of time and was devised by a British scientist, Dr Arthur Eddington, in the twenties.
Dr Barbour told the MailOnline that the mirror universe was a possibility because all of the laws of physics apply no matter which way time is moving and therefore there is no scientific impediment to such a parallel universe.
They said: "Time is a mystery. Basically, all the known laws of physics look exactly the same whichever way time runs, and in the world in which we live in everything goes in one direction."
"If you look at a simple model with a swarm of bees in the middle of the Big Bang but breaking up in either direction, then you would say there are two arrows of time, pointing in opposite direction from the swarm. One arrow would be forwards and one backwards."
However Dr Barbour acknowledges that locating the 'other' universe in practical terms is an altogether different question.
"Our results are a proof of principle," they said.
New Version of QNX CAR Platform Expands Design Choices to Include Android Apps and Qt User Interfaces
®
®
®
®
®
®
Keynote — Beyond Telematics: The Battle of In-Vehicle Electronics
Andrew Poliak, director, automotive business development. Wednesday, June 5, 5:35 p.m.
Andrew Poliak, director, automotive business development. Wednesday, June 5, 5:35 p.m.
Panel — The Autonomous Car: The Road to Driverless Driving
Justin Moon, global technology evangelist. Wednesday, June 5, 4:30 p.m.
Justin Moon, global technology evangelist. Wednesday, June 5, 4:30 p.m.
Panel — Develop the Ultimate Intuitive Vehicle User Interface
Andy Gryc, senior automotive product marketing manager. Thursday, June 6, 4:55 p.m.
Reader Information
Web: www.qnx.com
Email: info@qnx.com Editorial Contacts
Paul Leroux
QNX Software Systems
+1 613-591-0931
paull@qnx.com
Devan Gillick
Breakaway Communications
+1 530-591-3194 (mobile)
+1 415-358-2487
dgillick@breakawaycom.com
©2013 QNX Software Systems Limited. QNX, QNX CAR, Momentics, Neutrino, and Aviage are trademarks of Research In Motion Limited, are registered and/or used in certain jurisdictions, and are used under license by QNX Software Systems Limited. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners.
QNX Software Systems Limited (QSS) is a subsidiary of BlackBerry. Forward-looking statements in this news release are made pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities laws. When used herein, words such as "expect", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "should", "intend", "believe", and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions made by QSS in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that QSS believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Many factors could cause QSS's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including those described in the "Risk Factors" section of BlackBerry's Annual Information Form, which is included in its Annual Report on Form 40-F (copies of which filings may be obtained at www.sedar.com or www.sec.gov). These factors should be considered carefully, and readers should not place undue reliance on QSS's forward-looking statements. BlackBerry and QSS have no intention and undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. QSS is not responsible for and assumes no obligations or liability and makes no representation, warranty, endorsement, or guarantee in relation to any aspect of any third-party products or services.
Enables automotive companies to tap into vast ecosystem of mobile developers creating Android, HTML5, OpenGL ES, and Qt apps— QNX Software Systems Limited, a global leader in software platforms for in-car electronics, today demonstrated how the new version of its QNX CAR™ Platform for Infotainment will enable developers of car infotainment systems to leverage an even broader choice of mobile apps and content.The QNX CAR Platform already supports both HTML5 and OpenGLES, the two most popular open standards for mobile app development. With the new version, 2.1, the platform extends its reach to support Android apps, as well as apps and human machine interfaces (HMIs) built with the popular Qt5 application framework.“Automakers need to tap into the rapid innovation of the mobile app community — it's the surest way to keep vehicles fresh with new and engaging features, stay connected with consumers, and, ultimately, build greater brand loyalty,” said Andy Gryc, senior automotive product marketing manager, QNX Software Systems. “From the beginning, the QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment was designed to support mobile standards and, thanks to its flexible architecture, our customers will soon have the opportunity to access an even larger share of the mobile ecosystem.”To maximize reliability, the QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment 2.1 runs Android apps in a separate application container, much like it handles HTML5 apps. This sandboxed approach keeps the app environment cleanly partitioned from the HMI, protecting both the HMI and the overall system from unpredictable web content.The platform's support for the Qt 5 application framework provides a flexible, high-performance option for creating both apps and HMIs. Qt 5 takes advantage of OpenGL ES 2.0 hardware acceleration to deliver optimal graphics performance. It also provides HMI developers with the choice of using native C/C++ or a JavaScript scripting engine. And it supports the concept of state machines, making it easy for developers to graphically model and design complex, event-driven HMIs that comply with automakers' specifications.Developers can also build complete HMIs with the HTML5 framework integrated into the QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment. The framework includes an optimized WebKit-based HTML5 engine that supports audio and video, geo-location, WebSockets, offline applications, session storage, canvas, and other standards, such as CSS3 and JavaScript. Optimizations include pixel-accurate zooming, physics-based scrolling, and high-performance panning (ideal for maps and navigation). Developers also have the option to create HMIs with third-party design tools such as Elektrobit EB GUIDE and the Crank Storyboard™ Suite.The QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment 2.1 introduces several other enhancements to increase flexibility and performance, including improved power management, optimizations for faster boot time, and support for more hardware platforms — choices now include Freescalei.MX 6Dual and i.MX 6Quad, NVIDIATegra3, Texas Instruments OMAP™ 5, and Texas Instruments Jacinto 5 Eco. The platform's rich suite of pre-integrated partner apps has been expanded to include HearPlanet, Parkopedia, Soundtracker, and wcities eventseekr.The QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment is based on QNXtechnology deployed in millions of cars. It supports an exceptionally rich set of pre-integrated technologies, both from QNX Software Systems and dozens of ecosystem partners, to help automotive companies reduce the time required to build connected infotainment systems.The QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment 2.1 will be available in July to select automotive customers through an early access program. Product availability is scheduled for Q4 2013.This week, QNX Software Systems will demonstrate the QNX CAR Platform for Infotainment 2.1 running Android apps in an HMI based on HTML5. It will also showcase the QNX reference vehicle, a Jeep Wrangler Sahara running an HMI based on Qt 5, and the QNX technology concept car, a Bentley Continental GT outfitted with a center stack that uses DLP display technology from Texas Instruments (TI), a reconfigurable digital instrument cluster, video conferencing with realistic telepresence, and other unique infotainment features.QNX Software Systems Limited, a subsidiary of Research In Motion Limited (“BlackBerry”) (NASDAQ:BBRY; TSX:BlackBerry), is a leading vendor of operating systems, development tools, and professional services for connected embedded systems. Global leaders such as Audi, Cisco, General Electric, Lockheed Martin, and Siemens depend on QNX technology for vehicle infotainment units, network routers, medical devices, industrial automation systems, security and defense systems, and other mission- or life-critical applications. Founded in 1980, QNX Software Systems Limited is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada; its products are distributed in more than 100 countries worldwide. Visit www.qnx.com and www.facebook.com/QNXSoftwareSystems , and follow @QNX_News on Twitter. For updates on the company's automotive work, visit qnxauto.blogspot.com and follow @QNX_Auto
by Susan Vickers
Chemophobia is major problem, and it is time scientists to do more to stop the press intensifying it. I welcome all discussion on ways to inform journalists and petition news agencies to report in a conscientious and scientifically correct manner.
As a chemist, misuse of the term chemical frustrates me. The use of the word chemical to describe things we must avoid, things that damage our health and the environment is a far cry from its actual definition; a distinct substance or compound. Fear of the word chemical brings with it, at the very least, public mistrust of the field of chemistry, and at the more worrying end of the scale public rejection of life saving products like vaccines. A quick Google search will lead you to many websites claiming governments are asking us to fill our children's bodies with “harmful chemicals such as mercury, aluminium and formaldehyde” . Some have suggested that it is time for chemists to let go of the word chemical, that the original meaning is gone and we should move on to more important matters concerning the public and science. However, as a chemist, researching chemistry using chemicals, I feel the need to protect the word and, I believe, with it, public respect and understanding for my field and science in general.
Recently the frustration I feel over the press misusing the word chemical was tested beyond the point that I could sit and watch with an article in theguardian.com's life and style section by journalist and blogger Erica Buist entitled “Green apps and gadgets: can E-cloths clean your home without chemicals?” The article is a review of E-cloths, which “claim to clean your house without the need for chemicals”. Buist starts off the article by leaving the reader in no doubt of their chemiphobia:
I'm afraid of chemicals. They make me cough and my hands itch. They can even kill you if they're not used as directed.
Of course, some chemicals do make you cough and make your hands itch, but unless Buist is afraid of oxygen, water and all the other chemicals keeping them alive then the opening sentence of the article is simply untrue. The article goes on to describe how well the E-cloths clean without the use of “toxic substances” and includes a video where Buist smears various compounds onto glass before cleaning them off with the E-cloth (the cloths appear to work very well, if the video is truthful). The article is littered with references to the “nasty” nature of chemicals; from claiming they don't leave surfaces shiny to stating that too much contact with chemicals can cause dermatitis. As I watched the video I was torn between amusement and fury as they used water with the E-cloth. Water- one of the simplest and best known chemicals there is.
I would like to make it clear that I do not think that members of the public are lying when they state that they don't like chemicals in their food or shampoo, I think they are merely misinformed. However, as a journalist, Buist has an obligation to check their facts to prevent this misinformation occurring in the first place. Another article from theguardian.com, this time in the science section, discusses this exact issue in an article entitled “Do TV adverts have to tell the truth?”. The author, Fran Swain, discusses “dodgy science in TV adverts” and the “gob-smackingly untrue” claim by Miracle Gro that one of their organic composts is “100% chemical-free”. Swain states “Every scientist and journalist knows the importance of checking their references,” and later goes on to say:
While it's not the responsibility of Miracle Gro or the Advertising Standards Authority to educate the public on issues of science, both have a responsibility to adhere to standards of truth that are decided independently of “colloquial understanding”. If you want the respectability that scientific grounding brings, you can't abandon that process when it doesn't agree with your current understanding. If anything, science means challenging perceived truths, however uncomfortable that may be.
It seems unbelievable that the same newspaper that published this article published Buist's article, or at least it would be unbelievable if I wasn't sadly aware of the current state of scientific reporting by the press.
Facts, including but not limited to scientific facts, must be correctly reported in all areas of journalism, not solely in science sections. It is completely unacceptable that trusted and widely distributed sources such as The Guardian are spreading misinformation leading to public suspicion of science. While an article on E-cloths may seem harmless and innocent, it plants the seed of chemophobia and strengthens dangerous campaigns, such as the anti-vaccination movement, which use the word chemical to fear monger.
Many people have pointed out Buist's misuse of the word chemical in the comments section of their article, but instead of being open to learning from experts and correcting their mistake they are defending their use of the word. In one reply they state:
Again, I'm amazed at how many people seem to think when I or the headline referred to “chemicals” we mean “anything that appears on the periodic table”.
It is astounding that a journalist would be amazed that experts infer the correct meaning from a word. It is deeply concerning that a journalist is not worried about their readers who may now be misinformed about basic science after reading them article.
It is time for chemists to claim back the word chemical from the press, and find ways to prevent chemophobia spreading further and causing more damage than it has already done. I am tired of the press encouraging basic concepts in my field to be misused by groups, such as anti-vaccine campaigners, with unscientific and harmful agendas.
Susan Vickers (@susanmvickers) is originally from Scotland and obtained an M.Sci. in Chemistry from the University of Glasgow in 2009. They currently live in Vancouver, Canada where they are a materials chemistry PhD student at the University of British Columbia. Susan is passionate about science outreach, particularly encouraging adults with little or no scientific background to establish an understanding of the scientific process.
Image Source
On Sunday, the charity's board of directors authorized the hiring of Lynne M. Abraham and the law firm Archer & Greiner to conduct an independent investigation into the Second Mile. The investigation will seek to discover the extent of contact Sandusky had with children who went through the program, when the program learned about various allegations against Sandusky, and how it handled them.
According to testimony given before a grand jury in Harrisburg, Pa., Penn State's athletic director, Tim Curley, informed the charity's chief executive in 2002 that Sandusky had been directed not to bring youngsters onto the Penn State campus after a graduate assistant reported that Sandusky had engaged in inappropriate conduct with a boy in a shower. (The graduate assistant, Mike McQueary, testified that they were far more specific and told administrators that they saw Sandusky raping the boy.)
Photo
Woodle declined to answer questions about what, if anything, was done after that. Nor would they say if the charity took steps to limit or monitor Sandusky's interactions with the program's youths after Sandusky themselves informed the Second Mile in 2008 that they were under investigation for a separate incident involving inappropriate behavior. Woodle said that those were matters that fall under the scope of Abraham's investigation. They said the board would publicly address those issues and others, but not before they finish their inquiry, which they said they expected to take until the end of the year.
“The board agrees that these are good questions,” said Woodle, the board's vice chairperson.
Abraham served as the district attorney for Philadelphia from 1991 until last year. A tough-minded prosecutor who frequently sought the death penalty, they earned the nicknames Deadliest D.A. and Queen of Death.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Abraham, now a partner at Archer & Greiner, led a five-year investigation into sexual abuse by priests in Philadelphia.
Sandusky has maintained their innocence in the case, but since a televised interview on Monday night they have remained out of the public eye. Their lawyer said in a television interview that Sandusky was fearful that they would not be able to lead a normal life, noting that Sandusky's home in State College was vandalized Thursday night for the second time in the past week.
Woodle said they heard from numerous people who had called to express hope that the Second Mile's programs would continue, but they added that a number of donors said they could no longer support the foundation, which had roughly $9 million in assets in the year ending Aug. 31, 2010. The Second Mile reached thousands of children through educational outreach and mentoring programs.
Several board members have expressed dismay that the allegations against Sandusky were minimized whenever they were brought up, according to people on the board. They are also concerned that after they were told that Sandusky would not be at the Second Mile's events, they nonetheless appeared at the annual golf fund-raiser in June.
While declining to go into detail about complaints the charity has received, Woodle said it was natural for people to ask, “How come I didn't know about this earlier?” noting, “That's a sentiment that exists across the country right now.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Looking for a fun, family Christmas event? Christmas on the Square is perfect for you then! Downtown Huntsville Inc is hosting the event and wants everyone to come celebrate the holidays.
The grand opening is Friday, December 4th on Northside Square near the Madison County Court House. Each side of the square will be decorated with a different theme. Northside Square will have a snowman trail, Westside Square will have ole yuletide photos, Eastside Square will have Christmas lights and Southside Square will feature Christmas displays and paintings.
The event is free and will take place December 4th, 11th, and 18th from 5-7PM. There will be live Christmas music, hot cocoa and even a station to decorate Christmas cards.
For more information, go to Downtown Huntsville Inc.'s Facebook page.
One drone is in custody and its owner out a playtoy after the small aircraft was flown in the path of a STARS air ambulance in Red Deer.
The incident took place on Wednesday morning as the medical helicopter was making an approach to the Red Deer hospital.
"Police seized the foldable Mavic Pro drone as part of the investigation into whether the drone was in violation of the Federal Aeronautics Act," said RCMP in a news release.
New rules for the operation of drones were passed on March 13, restricting the use of the ubiquitous flying machines in populated areas.
Those who violate the new rules can face fines up to $3,000 for recreational use. Commercial users face fines up to $15,000 under prior regulations.
RCMP said they continue to investigate the incident.
And that, in its way, is the point! Star Wars heros will always, on some level, reflect the feminism of their times (though, granted, the sample set here is pretty much three). Leia, clad alternately in a flowing muumuu and a metal bikini, reflected the social upheavals of the women's movement. They fought and they fawned. Padme, clad in thick robes and a mid-riff bearing white shirt, did pretty much the same thing. They embodied an era that wasn't quite sure whether feminism and femininity could peacefully co-exist.
Previous Star Wars films went out of their way to empower their ladycharacters, to make them strong and self-sufficient and generally badass. They, like Rey, know their way around a blaster. And yet: They are also damsely! And pretty awkwardly needy! They operate at extremes, vacillating between strength and helplessness, between objectification and empowerment. They spend very little time in the middle. It's no accident that one of the lines that's endured from the original trilogy is Leia's “Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.” It's also no accident that Padme, a queen and a senator, has been dubbed one of “Hollywood's Five Saddest Attempts at Feminism.”
Rey, however, is a character for a time that is coming to a new peace with feminism. A time that is replacing feminism-as-a-movement with feminism-as-a-way-of-life. Rey's feminism does not protest too much. It is not insistent; it is not obvious. It is, instead, that most powerful of things: simply there. Rey, tellingly, is not an archetype, but rather a fully realized character, subtle and nuanced and human. She, as a character, luxuriates in their own subjectivity.
Look, again, at that costume. It's a testament to hardship and practicality—the kind of thing Katniss Everdeen and Imperator Furiosa and probably also Jessica Jones would wear, were they to find themselves trying to make a go of survival on Jakku—and yet it also has little nods to femininity. The belt, emphasizing Rey's waist. The tunic, crossed over they shoulder, recalling Greek goddessery.
And! It's a costume, of course, that is extremely similar to one Luke Skywalker's.
At one point in The Force Awakens, in full fan-service dudgeon, Han mentions the Force: “a magical power holding together Good and Evil, the darkness and the light.” You could say something similar about the feminism of 2015: It gets much of its power from tension, from opposing ideas that feed off each other, productively. It embraces the notion that genders can be different, but still equal. That women can be empowered, and yet subject to forces beyond their control. The Force Awakens's treatment of its Strong Female Lead reflects that nuance. Rey is beautiful, but that isn't fully the point.  They are strong and skilled—but that, too, isn't the point.  They are a good person: That, ultimately, is the point. “I hope Rey will be something of a girl power figure,” Ridley has said of their character. They added: “She's brave and she's vulnerable and she's so nuanced ... They don't have to be one thing to embody a woman in a film. It just so happens she's a woman, but they transcend gender. She's going to speak to men and women.”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo - commonly known as "Jokowi" - said on Wednesday, February 17, that he's still not satisfied with the investment climate in the Southeast Asian nation, stressing that their government would continue to deregulate the traditionally protectionist economy.
Jokowi made the comments in front of business leaders attending an Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Economic Community conference in the US city of San Francisco.
The remarks follow their administration's decision to ease restrictions on foreign investment in nearly 50 different industrial sectors, ranging from retail and health care to e-commerce and the movie industry. Furthermore, foreign investment levels were raised for a number of other sectors, including warehouse distribution, catering, convention services, and exhibitions and travel services.
The government's move came amid slowing growth and declining enthusiasm among foreign companies to funnel investments into the Southeast Asia's largest economy due to what they view as the government's protectionist policies.
Economic woes
And there seem to be plenty of reasons for liberalizing the economy, as Indonesia's economic expansion last year was at its slowest pace since 2009, at 4.8 percent.
The country also took a hit from the current slump in the prices of raw materials, particularly due to the sharp decline in world prices for thermal coal and LNG, both of which are key Indonesian exports - commodities have been a significant contributor to the nation's economy and budget, accounting for around 62 percent of Indonesia's exports in 2014.
Until recently, the nation's economic problems had been compounded by deterioration in the foreign investment climate due to, for instance, increasingly stringent local content requirements for multinational companies.
Moreover, businesses still face considerable regulatory barriers in Indonesia, which ranks 109 out of 189 countries in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business Index for 2016.
Growing pressure
Although there are positive signs of change, with Indonesia having improved its position in the World Bank ranking by 11 places (compared to its ranking in 2015), more regulatory reforms are needed to make the Indonesian business environment more attractive for new investment, say experts.
And accelerating growth is key to President Jokowi, who pledged during their 2014 presidential campaign to reinvigorate Southeast Asia's largest economy.
"The reforms that Jokowi is making to liberalize foreign direct investment (FDI) rules reflect growing concerns in the Indonesian cabinet about the slowdown in momentum, with the Indonesian growth having moderated to a pace of 4.8 percent in 2015, compared with GDP growth rates of over six percent between 2010 and 2012," Rajiv Biswas, chief Asia Pacific economist at analytics firm IHS, told DW.
While GDP growth of 4.8 percent may seem quite high compared to that of most EU countries, it is important to note that Indonesia is still a relatively poor nation which needs to sustain high economic growth rates in order to improve living standards and human development indicators, Biswas added.
In a further effort to boost growth, the nation's central bank, Bank Indonesia, announced on February 18 a cut in its benchmark interest rates as well as in the amount of reserves banks have to hold, in the hope that the move will stimulate bank lending to businesses.
A game changer?
But will the government's move be a game changer and convince global companies to invest in Indonesia? Experts such as Charlie Lay, Emerging Markets analyst at Germany's Commerzbank, say Jokowi has been a "breath of fresh air" for the country since they assumed office in October 2014, both in terms of a willingness to undertake reforms and to promote the country to the outside world.
However, in order to draw foreign investment, the key remains in the "implementation of such well-intentioned measures," they noted.
In this context, Andreas Ufen, a Southeast Asia expert and senior research fellow at the Germany-based GIGA Institute, says Jokowi is likely to face significant challenges given the high level of economic nationalism in the country. "The president has to work with a huge coalition and even within their own party, the PDI-P, protectionist measures have often been supported," the expert told DW.
Sumedh Deorukhkar agrees. The Indonesia economist at BBVA Research told DW they don't believe there will be a sudden turnaround in investor sentiment over Indonesia's growth prospects.
Pointing out that removing barriers to investment is just one part of the story, they underlined: "For foreign investments to actually materialize, we need to keep an eye on the government's ability to ensure regulatory certainty, tackle red tape, make rigid labor laws more flexible, ensure effective coordination amongst authorities to make land acquisition easier and enforce the new legal framework that supports public-private partnerships."
Opportunities
In terms of who could profit most from Indonesia's liberalization, experts say it is companies that are able to participate in improving and building the country's infrastructure - such as roads, seaports, airports and medical facilities - which will benefit the most.
Indonesia's economic growth last year, at 4.8 percent, fell to its slowest pace in six years
Two of the key sectors that have been liberalized - healthcare and transport services - offer considerable opportunities to countries such as Germany which boast advanced private sector services firms. "With Indonesian public healthcare standards being very low compared to those in developed countries, the fast-growing Indonesian middle class represent a growing market for private healthcare services," noted IHS analyst Biswas.
In the area of transport and logistics, they added, the liberalization of warehouse distribution and cold storage, as well as port management services and cargo handling, offer significant opportunities to advanced logistics management companies from Germany as well as other EU countries that have leading international logistics providers.
Nonetheless, analyst Lay stresses that foreign companies are likely to adopt an incremental and gradual approach. "It is still early days but the potential is there. And given that Indonesia is a huge market of some 250 million people, there are plenty of opportunities for companies to explore."
Additional reporting by Gabriel Domínguez.
NetBSD-Users archive
g4u 2.6 released (fwd)
To : netbsd-users%NetBSD.org@localhost
: Subject : g4u 2.6 released (fwd)
: From : Hubert Feyrer <hubert%feyrer.de@localhost>
: Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2017 16:32:40 +0200 (CEST)
FYI ---------- Forwarded message ---------- Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2017 16:26:34 +0200 (CEST) From: Hubert Feyrer <hubert%feyrer.de@localhost> To: g4u-announce%feyrer.de@localhost Cc: g4u-help%feyrer.de@localhost, Hubert Feyrer <hubert%feyrer.de@localhost> Subject: g4u 2.6 released
After a five-year period for beta-testing and updating, I have finally released
g4u 2.6. With its origins in 1999, I'd like to say:
Happy 18th Birthday, g4u!
About g4u:
g4u ("ghosting for unix") is a NetBSD-based bootfloppy/CD-ROM that allows easy
cloning of PC harddisks to deploy a common setup on a number of PCs using FTP.
The floppy/CD offers two functions. The first is to upload the compressed image
of a local harddisk to a FTP server, the other is to restore that image via
FTP, uncompress it and write it back to disk. Network configuration is fetched
via DHCP. As the harddisk is processed as an image, any filesystem and
operating system can be deployed using g4u. Easy cloning of local disks as well
as partitions is also supported.
The past:
When I started g4u, I had the task to install a number of lab machines with a
dual-boot of Windows NT and NetBSD. The hype was about Microsoft's "Zero
Administration Kit" (ZAK) then, but that did barely work for the Windows part -
file transfers were slow, depended on the clients' hardware a lot (requiring
fiddling with MS DOS network driver disks), and on the ZAK server the files for
installing happened do disappear for no good reason every now and then. Not
working well, and leaving out NetBSD (and everything elase), I created g4u.
This gave me the (relative) pain of getting things working once, but with the
option to easily add network drivers as they appeared in NetBSD (and oh they
did!), plus allowed me to install any operating system.
The present:
We've used g4u successfully in our labs then, booting from CDROM. I also got
many donations from public and private instituations plus comanies from many
sectors, indicating that g4u does make a difference.
In the meantime, the world has changed, and CDROMs aren't used that much any
more. Network boot and USB sticks are today's devices of choice, cloning of a
full disk without knowing its structure has both advantages but also
disadvantages, and g4u's user interface is still command-line based with not
much space for automation. For storage, FTP servers are nice and fast, but
alternatives like SSH/SFTP, NFS, iSCSI and SMB for remote storage plus local
storage (back to fun with filesystems, anyone? avoiding this was why g4u was
created in the first place!) should be considered these days. Further aspects
include integrity (checksums), confidentiality (encryption). This leaves a
number of open points to address either by future releases, or by other
products.
The future:
At this point, my time budget for g4u is very limited. I welcome people to
contribute to g4u - g4u is Open Source for a reason. Feel free to get back to
me for any changes that you want to contribute!
The changes:
Major changes in g4u 2.6 include: * Make this build with NetBSD-current sources as of 2017-04-17 (shortly before netbsd-8 release branch), binaries were cross-compiled from Mac OS X 10.10 * Many new drivers, bugfixes and improvements from NetBSD-current (see beta1 and beta2 announcements) * Go back to keeping the disk image inside the kernel as ramdisk, do not load it as separate module. Less error prone, and allows booting the g4u (NetBSD) kernel from a single file e.g. via PXE (Testing and documentation updates welcome!) * Actually DO provide the g4u (NetBSD) kernel with the embedded g4u disk image from now on, as separate file, g4u-kernel.gz * In addition to MD5, add SHA512 checksums
The software:
Please see the g4u homepage's download section on how to get and use g4u. http://www.feyrer.de/g4u/#reqs Enjoy! - Hubert
EDINBURG, RGV – Dell and Intel consultants reached out to Nerdvana after learning about their use of emerging technology such as drones and virtual reality in educational camps.
Nerdvana, a place where the residents of the Rio Grande Valley can go to experience emerging technology, was founded late Nov. 2015. Hiten Patel, founder and chief executive officer of Nerdvana, said their team acquired a 15,000-square-foot facility and turned it into a technology playground.
Patel said Nerdvana, Dell and Intel hosted a Virtual Reality Exploration and Discovery Event to get hands-on experience with the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive to figure out how to use the technology to benefit learning in the classroom.
“[We're trying] to figure out how [virtual reality] can be leveraged … to improve education and improve learning in the classroom for kids in the RGV, all across Texas and ultimately all across the United States.”
The Oculus Rift allows the wearer to experience virtual reality with a variety of subjects to choose from such as games, movies or educational videos. Some examples are a skydiving simulation and a tour through the human body.
The HTC Vive allows users to experience virtual reality on a physical scale. Two remotes are given to the wearer and allows the individual to perform actions in the virtual environment. One game is Tilt Brush and allows the user to paint in 3D space.
Patel said Nerdvana hosted the summers camps in partnership with Border Kids Code, an organization focused on developing coding initiatives in the Rio Grande Valley. Nerdvana worked with La Joya Independent School District (ISD), Mission Consolidated ISD and Sharyland ISD. About 100 kids from the three school districts participated in camps relating to virtual reality, drone technology, robotics and coding.
“The kids built out virtual tours of different geographic global sites. Some of the kids were assigned to Paris, some of the kids were assigned to Egypt and the pyramids, some had the Great Wall of China [and] others were assigned to different universities. They had to build virtual tours, so they had to do the research, the history, figure out all the facts and then be able to put that into a virtual tour for the rest of the class to [experience].”
Snow White, senior consultant in education business development for Dell Incorporated, tested out Tilt Brush and other virtual reality games. They said Dell creates computers for virtual reality and has invested in Alienware–high performance hardware for gaming. Now, Dell is trying to figure out how to incorporate the technology in K-12 education.
“All of us got to experience [virtual reality], so we saw firsthand what this might be like for a kid,” White said. “It's great to see different options for kids because they do have different learning styles. We think it would be really exciting for the kids to make that content come alive with hands-on experience.”
Patel said virtual reality technology can have a tremendous impact on the classroom.
“Virtual reality will facilitate better learning in the classroom because it's not just reading from [a] textbook or doing a worksheet,” Patel said. “Children will be able to learn in a completely different way. Now it will be an experiential exercise where the children can interact with this virtual environment. They can be underwater, they can be in space, they can be in the sky and do things that they couldn't do just sit in a boring classroom.”
In the future, Nerdvana will work on after-school and weekend programs that will be accessible to everyone in the community.
This file photo taken on May 12, 2017 shows 17-year-old Ahed Tamimi, center, protesting before Israeli forces in the West Bank village of Nabi Saleh, north of Ramallah. (Photo11: Abbas Momani, AFP/Getty Images)
The Israeli army arrested a 17-year-old Palestinian girl on Tuesday after a video showing them slapping Israeli soldiers went viral on social media.
Shot on Friday, the video shows the suspect Ahed Tamimi and another Palestinian teen approaching two Israeli soldiers — then shoving, kicking and slapping them while the soldiers remained relatively impassive before moving backwards.
A second video showed the girls asking the soldiers to move, since they were blocking the steps to a family home in the village of Nabi Saleh in the West Bank. The incident occurred the same day as clashes in the West Bank over President Trump's decision to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.
Tamimi's mother was also arrested, and while Israeli police gave no reason for their detention, they did confirm that the pair would be in jail until at least Thursday.
"They didn't give a reason for their arrest," Tamimi's father Bassem told French news agency AFP. They also accused Israeli security forces of seizing mobile phones, computers and other electronics from their home.
Another family member named Mohammed was reportedly recovering in a hospital after being hit by a rubber bullet.
The video has been used by the Israeli army to prove to the world that their soldiers exercise restraint, but the women's arrest in the middle of the night has been criticized by Palestinian activists.
A history of protest
It's not Tamimi's first brush with anti-occupation notoriety.
When they were only a child, a photograph of their standing up to Israeli soldiers earned them an invitation to meet then-Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Then in 2015, a picture of the girl biting the hand of an Israeli soldier trying to arrest their brother became a symbolic photo shared widely around the world.
Just last year, Tamimi was denied a visa by the State Department in Washington after they were invited to be part of a speaking tour titled "No Child Behind Bars/Living Resistance."
This article was originally published on DW.com. Its content is separate from USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2AZFV4j
Chris Floyd , Published: 18 April 2012 Hits: 11520
A few months back, I reposted here an article that I wrote 10 years ago, before the invasion of Iraq: a fictional scenario of how the Terror War would play out on the ground of the target nations -- and in the minds of those sent to wage these campaigns. I was reminded of that piece by a story in the latest Rolling Stone.
The RS story, by Michael Hastings, depicts the drone mentality now consuming the US military-security apparatus, a process which makes the endless slaughter of the endless Terror War cheaper, easier, quieter. I didn't anticipate the development in my proleptic piece; the first reported "kill" by American drones, in Yemen, had taken place just a few weeks before my article appeared in the Moscow Times.
(One of the victims of this historic first drawing of blood was an American citizen, by the way. Thus from the very beginning, the drone war -- presented as noble shield to defend American citizens from harm -- has been killing American citizens, along with the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of innocent men and women around the world being murdered without warning -- and without any chance to defend themselves or take shelter -- by cowards sitting in padded seats behind computer consoles thousands of miles away, following orders from the even greater cowards who strut around the Pentagon, CIA headquarters and the White House.)
But what brought my earlier piece to mind was a brief mention of the "military slang" now being used to designate the victims of the drones. Below are a few snippets from my 2002 post, a fictional email by an occupation soldier to a friend:
Yo, Ed! I'm looking out the window of Watchtower 19 in Force Zone Seven. They're loading up the dead wagon. Three friendlies, two uncardeds, the usual collateral – and one bug. We zapped the market before the bug got their hard-on – another one of those Czech AK-47 knock-offs that our friendly neighborhood warlord keeps bringing in. They say they don't know how the bugs get hold of them – they drop down from heaven, I guess …
… I'd just come off night patrol in Deep-City Zone, hardcore bugland, backing up some Special Ops doing a Guantanamo run on terrorperp suspects. Banging down doors, barrel in the face of some shrieking bug-woman in their black bag, children scuttling in the dark like rats, the perp calling down an airstrike from Allah on our heads. You know the drill. You know the jangle. Not even the new meds can keep you blanked out completely. So there's always to overstep somewhere. Woman's cheekbone cracking from a backhand, some kid stomped or booted out of the way. Some perp putting their hand in one of those damned dresses they wear, going for who knows what – Koran? Mosquito bite? Scimitar? Czech special? – and you open up. More shrieking, more screaming – and then the splatter on the wall.
In the new Rolling Stone story, Hastings tells us how America's brave drone warriors view their victims:
For a new generation of young guns, the experience of piloting a drone is not unlike the video games they grew up on. Unlike traditional pilots, who physically fly their payloads to a target, drone operators kill at the touch of a button, without ever leaving their base – a remove that only serves to further desensitize the taking of human life. (The military slang for a man killed by a drone strike is "bug splat," since viewing the body through a grainy-green video image gives the sense of an insect being crushed.)
"Bugs" being "splattered." This is what Barack Obama -- who has expanded the drone death squads beyond the imaginings of George W. Bush -- and all of their brave button pushers and joystick riders think of the defenseless human beings they are killing (including 174 children by last count).
This has been the attitude underlying the Terror War since its beginnings. When I wrote my piece with its "bug" imagery, I was only reflecting what was already obvious and pervasive, both in the military-security war machine and in much of the general public. Anyone designated by those in power as an "enemy" -- for any reason, known or unknown, or for no reason at all -- is considered a subhuman, an insect, whose destruction is meaningless, without moral content, like swatting a fly on the wall. (As, for example, in this 2008 piece about a figure much lauded by progressives at the time: "Crushing the Ants.")
There is not only a tolerance for this official program of state murder; there is an absolute enthusiasm for it. Our rulers heartily enjoy ordering people to be killed. (And to be tortured, as we noted here last week.) It makes them feel good. It makes them feel "hard," in every sense of the word. As Hastings notes:
From the moment Obama took office, according to Washington insiders, the new commander in chief evinced a "love" of drones. "The drone program is something the executive branch is paying a lot of attention to," says Ken Gude, vice president of the Center for American Progress. "These weapons systems have become central to Obama." In the early days of the administration, then-chief of staff Rahm Emanuel would routinely arrive at the White House and demand, "Who did we get today?"
Here are some examples of what Rahm and their then-boss, the Nobel Peace Prize Laureate, were "getting" with their flying deaths squads:
But for every "high-value" target killed by drones, there's a civilian or other innocent victim who has paid the price. The first major success of drones – the 2002 strike that took out the leader of Al Qaeda in Yemen – also resulted in the death of a U.S. citizen. More recently, a drone strike by U.S. forces in Afghanistan in 2010 targeted the wrong individual – killing a well-known human rights advocate named Zabet Amanullah who actually supported the U.S.-backed government. The U.S. military, it turned out, had tracked the wrong cellphone for months, mistaking Amanullah for a senior Taliban leader. A year earlier, a drone strike killed Baitullah Mehsud, the head of the Pakistani Taliban, while they were visiting their father-in-law; their wife was vaporized along with him. But the U.S. had already tried four times to assassinate Mehsud with drones, killing dozens of civilians in the failed attempts. One of the missed strikes, according to a human rights group, killed 35 people, including nine civilians, with reports that flying shrapnel killed an eight-year-old boy while they were sleeping. Another blown strike, in June 2009, took out 45 civilians, according to credible press reports.
And of course there is this, the follow-up to the "extrajudicial killing" of U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki. After killing al-Awlaki -- without ever charging them with a single crime -- the Obama administration then murdered their 16-year-old son (as we noted here last year). Hastings writes:
In the days following the killing, Nasser and their wife received a call from Anwar's 16-year-old son, Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, who had run away from home a few weeks earlier to try to find their now-deceased father in Yemen. "He called us and gave us their condolences," Nasser recalls. "We told them to come back, and they promised they would. We really pressed him, me and their grandmother."
The teenage boy never made it home. Two weeks after that final conversation, their grandparents got another phone call from a relative. Abdulrahman had been killed in a drone strike in the southern part of Yemen, their family's tribal homeland. The boy, who had no known role in Al Qaeda or any other terrorist operation, appears to have been another victim of Obama's drone war: Abdulrahman had been accompanying a cousin when a drone obliterated them and seven others. The suspected target of the killing – a member of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula – is reportedly still alive; it's unclear whether they were even there when the strike took place.
The news devastated the family. "My wife weeps every day and every morning for their grandson," says Nasser, a former high-ranking member of the Yemenite government. "He was a nice, gentle boy who liked to swim a lot. This is a boy who did nothing against America or against anything else. A boy.  They are a citizen of the United States, and there are no reasons to kill them except that they are Anwar's son."
The boy was probably killed in a "signature strike," where bold and brave CIA analysts sit back in their chairs and observe people going about their business in a foreign country far away. If their activities look "suspicious" according to some arbitrary, secret criteria, then they can be slaughtered instantly by a drone missile -- even if the attackers have no idea whatsoever who the targets are or what they are actually doing. Plotting terrorism, or praying? Organizing jihad, or holding a wedding? Building bombs, or having lunch? The attackers don't know -- and can't know. They simply put down their Cheetohs and fire the missile. Who cares? It's just "bug splatter."
And the fact is, no one does care. As Hastings notes, this hideous program of murder and terror has been fully embraced by the political elite and by society at large. And our rulers are now bringing it back home with a vengeance, putting more and more Americans under the unsleeping eye of government drones watching their every move, looking for the "signature" of "suspicious" behaviour. Hastings notes:
In the end, it appears, the administration has little reason to worry about any backlash from its decision to kill an American citizen – one who had not even been charged with a crime. A recent poll shows that most Democrats overwhelmingly support the drone program, and Congress passed a law in February that calls for the Federal Aviation Administration to "accelerate the integration of unmanned aerial systems" in the skies over America. Drones, which are already used to fight wildfires out West and keep an eye on the Mexican border, may soon be used to spy on U.S. citizens at home: Police in Miami and Houston have reportedly tested them for domestic use, and their counterparts in New York are also eager to deploy them.
History affords few if any examples of a free people -- in such a powerful country, under no existential threat, undergoing no invasion, no armed insurrection, no natural disaster or epidemic or societal collapse -- giving up their own freedoms so meekly, so mutely. Most Americans like to boast of their love of freedom, their rock-ribbed independence and their fiercely-held moral principles: yet they are happy to see the government claim -- and use -- the power to murder innocent people whenever it pleases while imposing an ever-spreading police state regimen on their lives and liberties. Sheep doped with Rohypnol would put up a stronger fight than these doughty patriots.
Hasting's story should be read in full. In its straightforward marshalling of facts and refusal to simply parrot the spin of the powerful (something we used to call "journalism," kids; ask your grandparents about it, they might remember), it lays out the hideous reality of our times. I am tempted to call it an important story -- but I know that it will sink with scarcely a ripple into the abyss of our toxic self-regard. A few will read it and be horrified; the rest will stay riveted on the oh-so-exciting and oh-so-important race to see who will get to perpetuate this vile and murderous system for the next four years.
PNP Chief Ronald dela Rosa. File Photo
CHR says security forces have primary mandate but may come in if there are violations of international humanitarian law.
MANILA (UPDATED) - Probe killings by Abu Sayyaf too.
This was the message of Philippine National Police (PNP) chief, Director General Ronald "Bato" Dela Rosa, to the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) as they urged the organization to investigate beyond the police force.
Video courtesy of Henry Atuelan, DZMM
"Gusto nila mag-imbestiga? Sige. We are open. Sige imbestigahan natin yan. Sana pati yung mga pinuputulan ng ulo ng Abu Sayyaf iimbestigahan rin nila yun,"he said.
Dela Rosa made the comment in response to the commission's doubts over the death of alleged Abu Sayyaf member Abu Saad who supposedly tried to escape from custody and was shot in the middle of their forehead.
Dela Rosa said the CHR should investigate why the Abu Sayyaf behead their victims.
"Sabihan mo yung CHR, huwag lang mag-limit dito sa side natin...Bakit pinuputulan ng ulo ng mga Abu Sayyaf yung biktima nila? Isama sa imbestigasyon nila," they said.
CHR spokesperson Jacqueline de Guia, meanwhile, said they can come in if there are violations of international humanitarian law.
International humanitarian law, or the law of armed conflict, seeks to "limit the effects of armed conflict" for humanitarian reasons, "protects persons who are not or are no longer participating in the hostilities, and restricts the means and methods of warfare," as defined by the International Committee of the Red Cross.
De Guia cited the January 2015 Mamasapano clash, where the CHR investigated the death of 44 police commandos, 18 Moros and several civilians, centering on the possible use of excessive force in the gunfight.
"Terrorism or counter-insurgency falls under the mandate of security forces of the state such as the AFP (Armed Forces of the Philippines) and the PNP (Philippine National Police), but if there are violations of international humanitarian law, the CHR conducts investigations as it did in Mamasapano," De Guia told ABS-CBN News.
They said that the ASG "must also observe international humanitarian law" as "a non-state actor."
The Abu Sayyaf, an extremist group known to be hiding in the marshlands of Mindanao, are known for beheading its kidnap victims who fail to pay ransom.
A word war between Dela Rosa and the CHR ensued earlier this month following the commission's discovery of a hidden jail cell in a police station in Tondo.
Dela Rosa blasted the commission and told them to conduct surprise visits to stations on a daily visit and not just ahead of the country's hosting of the ASEAN summit.
He, however, later on apologized for their remarks.
The Commission on Human Rights has the power to investigate human rights violations involving civil and political rights and exercise visitorial power over jails, prisons, or detention facilities, according to its mandate.
-with a report from Jeff Canoy, ABS-CBN News
Sulabh International will construct toilets in all the houses of Katra Shahadatganj village of Baduan, where two sisters were allegedly gang-raped and murdered last week while they went to relive themselves in fields.
"Any woman defecating in the open is vulnerable and the central government must acknowledge the issue. Resources will only pour in then," Sulabh founder Bindeshwar Pathak said.
According to the WHO, around 65% of people in villages defecate in the open in the country.
The NGO, which works in the field of low-cost sanitation, also appealed to the top business houses to adopt at least one village to end the practice of open defecation "at the earliest".
Pathak said the NGO will start the work of building toilets from tomorrow.
"A team of sanitation workers and engineers from Sulabh will visit the village to start toilet construction work from tomorrow. We have asked our team to construct toilet with the highest pace," Pathak said.
"We are just setting an example by adopting this village as the issue of toilet was the main reason behind both the deaths," they said.
Hailing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for coining the slogan "toilet first, temple later", Pathak also expressed their wish to work with the government for making available toilet in every house.
"I am going to write a letter to the Prime Minister soon in this regard," they added.
The two teenage Dalit girls, who were cousins and aged 14 and 15 years, were allegedly gang-raped and murdered and their bodies were found hanging from a mango tree in the village.
The girls went missing on May 27 and their bodies were found on May 28.
thedresses.JPG
Shop manager Debbie Armstrong adjusts a two tone dress in a window display of a shop in Lichfield, England, Friday Feb. .27, 2015. It's the dress that's beating the Internet black and blue. Or should that be gold and white? Friends and co-workers worldwide are debating the true hues of a royal blue dress with black lace that, to many an eye, transforms in one photograph into gold and white (AP Photo/Rui Vieira
KENTWOOD, MI -- The heated debate over the hues of The Dress that went viral last month on social media has benefitted color products maker X-Rite Inc. Thousands have flocked to the website of the Kentwood-based company for a color vision test after an oddly-lit photo of the striped dress has some seeing a blue and black dress, and others a white and gold one -- the debate spawned an Internet hashtag #thedress. "We actually saw a fairly big increase in our traffic to our website where you can take an online visual test, the Farnsworth-Munsell 100 Hue Test color test," said Shoshana Burgett, X-Rite's director of worldwide marketing. "It's actually a product we sell but we offer an online version to kind of help educate people on the value of color and the way everybody sees color."
X-Rite's website had upwards of 300,000 people take the
in the wake of a last month's international debate about the color of striped dress. The 15-minute test analyzes how people see color. Those who take it are asked to arrange rows of color swatches by hue to test their ability to distinguish subtle differences in color. The lower score, the higher the color acuity. Top score is a 0, and the lowest score is a 99. But don't take the results too much to heart because the accuracy of the online test is tied to the color calibration of the monitor and how light is hitting the screen. "It's a more fun representation of the actual physical test," said Molly McDermott Walsh, spokesperson for Pantone, the color standards division of X-Rite Inc, and the selectors of the Color of the Year.
RELATED
:
Beyond the surge in web traffic, employees at X-Rite and Pantone, were fielding questions from friends and family who wanted their expertise. "I think it put us in the forefront of the conversation," said Burgett. "You are talking to everybody who understands the basics of color but had no idea why they were seeing the differences and I think that everybody was trying to understand and explain that." Walsh describes the overexposed photo of the blue and black dress where some viewers saw white and gold as a perfect storm of bad lighting conditions. X-Rite sells products to help photographers avoid those mistakes.
X-Rite's online color test takes about 15 minutes to complete. A perfect score is a 0.
But eye experts describe the photo as a one-in-a-million shot that perfectly captures how people's brains perceive color and process contrast in dramatically different ways. "This photo provides the best test I've ever seen for how the process of color correction works in the brain,'" Daniel Hardiman-McCartney, the clinical adviser to Britain's College of Optometrists
"I've never seen a photo like before where so many people look at the same photo and see two sets of such dramatically different colors." Even X-Rite Color Scientist Edward Hattenberger wasn't immune. When they first saw the image, the dress appeared blue and black. The next morning it was white and gold, and it has remained that color for him. But the colors continue to change for their daughter. "Because there is a little bit of background information that shows the image is overexposed, your brain is trying to determine whether the image is actually illuminated by a bright yellowish light, which would make it blue and black or ... the lighting on the dress is actually dim and bluish, then the dress appears white and gold," Hattenberger explains. While The Dress has raised X-Rite's profile, it is too soon to tell if the exposure will brighten the financial results of publicly traded parent company, Danaher Corporation. "It definitely opened the door for educating everybody about color, about how you view it and how you perceive it," said Burgett. "It was definitely interesting to see the conversations."
RELATED
:
As of now, there are no plans to turn The Dress into a commercial or marketing campaign. "Stuff like this going viral usually hits a very quick peak and then trails down very quickly, which is why talking about the dress two months from now will probably be when people have moved onto the next viral thing," Burgett said. Shandra Martinez covers business for MLive/The Grand Rapids Press.
or follow them on
.
Although there are about 2,000 species of fireflies in the world, synchronous fireflies ­– ones that can coordinate their flash patterns ­– exist in just a handful of places on Earth. And to see their most dramatic light display in the western hemisphere, you'll need to head to the US, to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
“We have 19 species of fireflies in the Smokies,” said Becky Nichols, a park entomologist who has studied the phenomenon for the past 20 years. “They all have their own individual flashing pattern, but Photinus carolinus is our only synchronous species.”
Four species of synchronous fireflies can also be found in the jungles of Southeast Asia (particularly in Malaysia, Thailand and the Philippines), but “they don't fly and flash the way they do here,” Nichols explained. “They [fireflies in Southeast Asia] perch on trees and flash. And they're completely synchronous,” meaning they flash both on and off together, as opposed to those in the Smokies that flash in a wave effect. Congaree National Park in South Carolina has a different species of synchronous fireflies, Nichols added, “but their synchrony is not as dramatic as it is here.”
The most impressive place to catch the light show is in the Elkmont section of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, which straddles the Tennessee-North Carolina border. This is home to the western hemisphere's largest populations of fireflies, also known as lightning bugs. The phenomenon only happens during the insects' mating season, which in the US lasts for a two-week period in late spring. The adult females lay their eggs on or just under the ground, and when the larvae hatch they burrow into the soil, feeding on the organic matter. This larvae stage lasts for about one to two years. Once larvae transform into adult fireflies, they live for only about 21 days – making mating a huge priority.
Each year in mid- to late April, Nichols analyses local temperature data to predict the peak of the mating season – when the flashing displays are most impressive – so the park can schedule its annual eight-day viewing event. The peak depends on various environmental factors. If the previous summer was hot and dry, for example, the mating season is shorter than usual. And a cold winter followed by a wet spring can push the season slightly later in the month. When the effect was first scientifically documented here in 1993, the height of the phenomenon happened in late May. Over time, the peak has shifted to early June.
Environmental factors also affect the brilliance of each display. What's required, Nichols explained, is a rich duff layer of decomposed leaves and other organic matter so the firefly larvae have plenty to eat, plus a somewhat open area without a lot of shrubbery so the fireflies can see each other easily. And there must be no light pollution. “They need complete darkness for the reproductive phase,” Nichols said. While the fireflies will still usually flash in the rain (unless it's a complete downpour), misty, drizzly evenings following rainfall can be dicey, and if the temperature dips below 10C, there's no show.
The national park limits nighttime access to Elkmont during the event, with a total of 6,000 to 8,000 people attending each year (campsite reservations open six months in advance, and parking permits are distributed via a lottery). Many bring folding camp chairs or blankets to the viewing area, but coolers and food are not permitted. Park rangers answer questions and distribute red cellophane for covering torches to minimize disturbance to the fireflies.
The insects wait until it's totally dark to do their thing, usually starting between 9:30 and 10 pm, although on nights with a bright moon they may hold off a little longer. The males start lighting up in short random bursts from six to eight times for about eight seconds before the night goes pitch black. Then the cycle begins again. As the night deepens, the effect becomes more and more dramatic, with the fireflies blinking in a wave effect that resemble strings of Christmas lights. The show is usually over by midnight.
“Males flash as they fly around,” Nichols explained, “while the females generally stay on the ground and respond with a fainter double flash that has no set intervals. The males see them in the grass and then fly down, and at that point, mating is somewhat competitive. We think the female really needs a large amount of light to elicit their response, and that's why the males flash in synchrony – to create more of a light stimulus for the females.”
While you can see synchronous fireflies elsewhere in the region, the Smokies offer the most dramatic display. “Pockets of Photinus carolinus exist throughout the southern Appalachians, as far north as the Allegheny National Forest in Pennsylvania,” Nichols noted. But because of habitat destruction and light pollution, they explained, they're not as numerous or as noticeable in other places. “The Smokies happens to have a really good population of them."
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Grape industry perishes in western NSW as Broken Hill resists pipeline plan
Updated
There's growing resistance from communities in western NSW to the Government's half-billion-dollar pipeline plan to connect the mining town of Broken Hill to the Murray River.
Many believe it will seal the fate of the once iconic Darling River, which they say has been drained to feed wealthy cotton farms upstream.
"I was shocked when the announcement was made about the pipeline. I couldn't imagine why you would go to another river system when we have the Darling?" Broken Hill Mayor Darriea Turley told Lateline.
They said emerging evidence of Murray Darling policy failures and alleged upstream water theft meant the huge project should be suspended.
"Broken Hill has asked for a moratorium on the pipeline until we understand the business case and we understand the science," they said.
"Whether it's a human-made drought or whether it's climate change, as the Irrigator Council would like us to believe."
The Mayor said NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian had not responded to any of their approaches.
For more than half a century Broken Hill has received piped water from nearby Menindee Lakes.
The new project will pipe water a staggering 270 kilometres from the Murray River system.
One of the strongest supporters of the proposed new pipeline is the cotton industry, with its peak body Cotton Australia taking credit for a successful lobbying campaign to secure government funding.
Cotton Australia said the push to secure an "alternative" water supply for Broken Hill was "driven by a joint effort" from cotton grower associations across the northern basin.
Mark McKenzie, from the NSW Irrigator's Council, said the planned new pipeline would mean water would no longer be kept in the "high evaporative environment" of the Menindee lakes.
"Irrigators don't want more pressure on them not to pump water," they said.
Cotton industry blamed for destroying local business
But other farmers in far west NSW blame the cotton industry and its extraordinary thirst for the destruction of many local businesses in the lower Darling.
For decades, Menindee's grape growers produced up to a million boxes a year, a post-World War II Italian success story.
Now, dead vines stretch across the landscape, skeletal remains of a once-thriving industry.
Paul D'Ettorre grew up in Menindee, working on their parent's grape farm.
"My parents started building this up in the early 50s," they told Lateline.
"Menindee was a good area to grow in. We didn't need chemicals, there are no insect problems.
"It was good here and now it's not and only because of the water. And it's not a natural thing, rules have been changed, decisions have been made."
By 2013, Menindee's table grape industry was all over.
"With no continuing flows coming into the system, the salinity of the water was building up," Mr D'Ettorre said.
"We were pumping water that was six times saltier than what it should have been."
'Climate Change doesn't dry a river like this'
The 49 year-old has adjusted to a new life in Broken Hill, working as an assistant at two local schools.
But they are left wondering how different things might have been.
"I'm getting angry again. It's hard to deal with," they said.
"You go home and you see all the dead vines and you think: What if? What would have happened if we'd been treated fairly and given the same opportunities as everyone upstream? What would have happened?"
Mr Turley said Menindee's grape industry was sacrificed to upstream irrigation interests.
"We believed at the time it was an extension of the millennium drought. Now we're concerned it's actually a human-made drought. Climate Change doesn't dry a river like this," they said.
Maryanne Slattery, a former senior officer of the Murray Darling Basin Authority (MDBA), left the organisation last month.
They said they became increasingly horrified by the way $13 billion worth of taxpayers' money was being perverted to benefit big irrigation.
"The Basin Plan should put more water back into the system but it's failing on many fronts," they said.
Among those failings is the wasted $3 billion worth of water purchased by the taxpayer for environmental flows.
"The water is taken out of production and it's supposed to flow through the river system. But it can legally be taken by irrigators," they said.
"The MDBA talk about wanting to put policies in place to protect environmental water but I have low hopes that will happen."
"The irrigation industry has access to that $3 billion dollars of water and it's not going to give that up lightly."
Changes to the NSW Water Sharing Plan in 2012 was the final straw, according to Menindee's grape growers.
"They allowed irrigators to take water out of the river as soon as it moved," Mr D'Ettorre said.
"These were the small flows that always used to come through and replenish our water supply, then after 2012 they were extracted off."
According to Ms Slattery, the rule changes had no scientific backing.
"We know the Water Sharing Plan was changed after the lobbying by irrigation interests," they said.
Topics: rural, agricultural-crops, government-and-politics, federal-government, broken-hill-2880
First posted
I personally believe that 3D printing is enormously useful in the teaching of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM). From the early years of high school up through university, the ability to handle mechanical parts and really appreciate forces, torques, mechanical ratios and energy conversion are all able to be easily produced in 3D.
To demonstrate this to educators, here is something I quickly modeled up and printed to show how having tangible objects helps students better understand and become interested in STEM subjects
This 5-stage gearbox demonstrates a variety of engineering principles effectively beyond what a textbook could such as;
How gears can increase or decrease RPM of a system Reversing the direction of rotation Feeling the significantly higher torque required to drive the system forwards instead of reverse Mechanical backlash and the importance of tooth design Interia of a system and the dangers of stopping it too fast
This is merely one example of a piece I designed to show these principles. In a classroom setting, I imagine a scenario where students are tasked to create their own gearbox to achieve a desired RPM multiplication, within a set number of stages and to turn in the correct direction. When using basic CAD programs for simulation and designing gears students will quickly learn the importance of correct tooth design.
The real value of 3D printing for students isn't to give them a machine and say ‘go download a model from thingiverse and learn how a printer works'. The value is in giving kids tangible options to understand concepts that are really difficult to grasp and more importantly, give them the ability to design and print their own solutions. This gearbox I made I want to inspire educators to come up with ideas to show students how they can better understand how mechanical things work around them. Every time someone says ‘when am I going to use algebra in life!' you ask them how do you think that fan on the ceiling works, how is it controlled? What equations were used to govern the exact speed it spins at?
There are endless things that printing can be applied to to demonstrate normally ‘boring' subjects, I hope others can share useful ways that 3D printing helped students become more interested in STEM subjects since that is such a critical need in society today.
I quit smoking one thousand days ago. 8 June 2011.
I was a pack-a-day smoker.
Twenty cigarettes in a pack.
One thousand days, one thousand packs…
20,000 cigarettes that I did not smoke.
Twenty. A Thousand. Cigarettes.
I'd tried quitting several times before. Usually after a nasty bout with the flu had kept me smoke-free for a week or so. It seemed like a good head start. But I would always crash – and burn. That is sweet, sweeeeet burn of dried tobacco leaves rolled in a tight, white paper cylinder. If you've never smoked you probably cannot imagine what is enjoyable about that. If you have, you know. It's the act of scratching one of the most powerful itches known to man.
What was different this time? Thom was turning 50, and they wanted to quit. I wasn't far behind them in the race to the senior discount, and I didn't think he'd have much luck if I didn't quit along with him. That seemed as good a reason as any; certainly more compelling than a fluish head start. After all, we can recover from la grippe, but we don't grow younger. Looking back, it wasn't just a milestone that did the trick. Here's what I now understand about why I was able to quit:
I no longer wanted to be a smoker.
Every other time I'd tried to quit, I approached it as the solution to I don't want to smoke anymore. Which is just the perfect recipe for failure, because it's such a lie. When you are addicted to nicotine, you cannot simply opt out of the desire to smoke your next cigarette. That's not how addiction works. (That's how tobacco company profit margins work.)
While I couldn't disavow my need for another cigarette, I had one thing going for me this time: I really did not want to be a smoker anymore. What does that mean? It may be something that only another smoker, or ex-smoker, can truly understand: the distinction between smoking a cigarette and being a smoker. Anyone can smoke a cigarette. But it takes a real commitment to be a smoker! When you smoke, your need to feed the addiction requires you to cope with situations and do things that non-smokers never have to deal with.
First of all, in order to smoke a cigarette you must have a cigarette. OK, well, they're sold everywhere: gas stations, liquor and convenience stores, supermarkets, bars, etc. They're in ready supply. Until they're not. And you have to acquire more. Depending on where you are, what you're doing, what time of day it is and any number of other variables… getting that next cigarette can be a minor inconvenience, or a crisis of nightmarish proportions. Even if you buy by the carton, at some point, you'll run out.
Eventually, you'll find your next cigarette. Of course, then you have to have something to light it with… and if you've ever singed your eyebrow while lighting up on a gas stove burner, you know there's not always a Bic to be flicked.
Even if you never lacked a cigarette or a light, there are so many other practical drawbacks to smoking: it's expensive… there are fewer and fewer places (public and private) where smoking is permitted or tolerated… there is an ever-increasing social stigma… it makes your clothes and your car and your house and your breath smell bad… it causes your insurance premiums to go up… it is filthy and disgusting (especially when they pile up in an ashtray). Oh, and it is almost guaranteed to ruin your health and shorten your lifespan in one or more gruesome ways.
That's all just part and parcel of being a smoker. You are held hostage by your need for the next cigarette. Taken separately, those burdens and hazards – including the health impact – rarely seem to be enough to break the evil spell. But, when I faced the totality of it and considered how much of my life was in the service of this addiction… it unleashed a wave of revulsion that extinguished my desire for another cigarette.
And while I'm all for transcendental breakthroughs, I chose to augment that with the transdermal assist: a 3-month supply of nicotine patches.
Funny thing is, I stopped using the patch after about 10 days, when I realized that I just didn't need it. I do credit that initial daily supply of nicotine for breaking the grip of addiction long enough for my conscious mind to adjust to my new identity: non-smoker. And so what if I had needed to continue with it for 20, or 50 or 90 days. But once that mental switch was flipped, it was done. Just as on a long flight… you may have 4 or 12 or 20 hours between smokes. Unthinkable on terra firma. But inside airport security or aloft, your brain is somehow able to suspend the craving. And this “I am no longer a smoker” metamorphosis works on the same principle, however little I understand it. Mind over matter. Biofeedback. Magic. Whatever you call it. It works. It worked for me, I should say. But please don't give god any credit for this victory. To paraphrase Kathy Griffin: No one had less to do with my quitting smoking than Jesus!
I have not had as much as a puff of a cigarette in these thousand days. It isn't will power – I am a stranger to that. I just haven't even been tempted. Sure, I remember that I loved smoking, I remember what I loved about it. But mostly, I remember what I came to loathe about being a smoker. And now, all of those thoughts are blissfully disconnected from need or desire. I am no longer a smoker, therefore I no longer smoke. (Not the other way around.) Perhaps it's similar to why/how vegetarians no longer eat meat. At first, it's a willful conversion; next, you just lose your taste for it. And then it becomes rather unappetizing, or downright nauseating. I'm not spiking the ball in the end zone or patting myself on the back. And I sure as hell am not tempting fate! I'm still somewhat astonished that my transition from smoker to non-smoker was so easy and so lasting. But it was easy, and it has lasted. I feel better in a dozen different ways. (I'm lucky to have so many other vices to keep me company.) So I share this story. Maybe it reaches someone who has had enough of being a smoker – and is wondering if life sans cigs is possible. Maybe that person is you? Then let me tell you:
Smoking those 20,000 cigarettes is the best thing I never did.
Day 057 #100happydays
FOR years foreign observers gave warning that Japan's combination of economic stagnation and rising public debt was unsustainable. Over the past two decades the country has stumbled in and out of deflation, slipped down the global league tables on many social indicators and amassed the largest gross public debt-to-GDP ratio in the world (a whopping 190%). Yet government-bond yields have remained stubbornly low and living standards, by and large, are high. Visit the country and you will see no outward sign of crisis. Politicians and policymakers have bickered and schemed, but have mostly chosen to leave things as they are.
That cannot go on much longer. The figures are getting worse. Japan urgently needs radical policies to tackle the problems, and new leaders to implement them.
Triple troubles
There are three big reasons why the crisis in Japan's public finances will eventually come to a head. The first concerns government bonds. The state has for years relied on domestic savers to buy them. But as Japan's people age and run down their savings, they will have less money to invest in government bonds. An IMF paper calculates that even if the savings rate remains close to where it is now, gross debt may exceed gross household assets by 2015. Japan might then have to rely on foreigners to finance its debt, and they will want much higher returns. That will, at the very least, provide an acute reality check. Goldman Sachs says some foreign investors are already positioning themselves for a “meltdown”.
The second, more immediate problem is deflation. Falling prices may have helped the government by providing its bondholders with invisible gains, but in other ways deflation is a menace. It pushes the debt-to-GDP ratio inexorably higher. As expectations of deflation become entrenched—35% of Japanese expect prices to be the same or lower in five years' time—they will continue to depress consumption.
Third, despite the recent pick-up in global economic activity, Japan cannot count on foreign demand being strong enough for it to sustain export-led growth, as it did in the past decade. Without a stronger domestic economy, growth will not generate enough tax revenue to reduce the debt. One ominous sign is that in the 2010 budget implemented on April 1st, borrowing, at ¥44 trillion ($468 billion), is for the first time forecast to exceed tax revenues, at ¥37 trillion.
Japan's efforts to tackle these problems have resembled a big whimper (see article). What is needed is a big bang. That means structural reforms to raise productivity, fiscal reforms to boost growth and a strong monetary stimulus, all at once, to shock the economy back to life. These could range from an overhaul of the tax code to deregulation of farming and the opening up of protected areas of the economy, such as transport and energy, to foreign competition. A sensible short-term aim for the government would be robust nominal GDP growth. That would help stop the debt-to-GDP ratio rising, and would also ensure that the authorities did not prematurely choke off a recovery because of concerns about inflation.
But all this assumes that policymakers want to be bold. The current crop is anything but. Last September, when almost 55 years of one-party rule came to an end, there were faint hopes that the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) might take a fresh approach. It has not done so. Yukio Hatoyama, the prime minister, and their most influential backer, Ichiro Ozawa, have since been caught up in election-funding scandals that have shredded the government's credibility. They are clinging to their jobs, more concerned with their own futures than that of the DPJ, or indeed Japan.
Enlightened economic policymaking suffers most. Mr Hatoyama prevaricates over fiscal reform, arguing that Japan should wait until the next general election in 2013 before shaking up the tax system.  They are wrong. Japan urgently needs cuts in business taxes, perhaps, as well as a gradually higher spending tax. The ousted Liberal Democrats are just as out of touch (see article). When a group of supposed reformers left the splintering party this week to set up a new outfit, it could have grabbed the fiscally conservative, business friendly centre. Instead it moved to the right, as if anti-immigrant nationalism were the tonic Japan needs.
It is time for more fiscally astute members of Mr Hatoyama's government to set the agenda. The main opposition, too, needs regime change. Japan's old guard worries that radical steps will precipitate an economic crisis, and so prefers the status quo. It does not realise how inherently dangerous the status quo is.
Not everyone is excited about David Bowie's return: The Catholic League yesterday attacked the singer's new video for "The Next Day," calling it the work of a "switch-hitting, bisexual senior citizen from London" that "is strewn with characteristic excess."
Catholic League president Bill Donohue made their comments in a statement posted on the group's website. Bowie wrote and Floria Sigismondi directed the video, which features Gary Oldman and Marion Cotillard. The clip shows priests frolicking with scantily clad women in a nightclub where a Christ-like singer, played by Bowie, is performing. One of the women, played by Cotillard, develops stigmata, and Bowie disappears in a wink, presumably to ascend into heaven.
David Bowie Features Gary Oldman, Marion Cotillard in 'The Next Day'
"In short, the video reflects the artist – it is a mess," Donohue wrote, noting Bowie's statements over the years about various faiths and dogmas demonstrate the singer "is nothing if not confused about religion."
The Catholic League and Donohue have criticized entertainers for insufficient piety before, including Jon Stewart and The Daily Show, Jamie Foxx and Bill Maher.
Donohue wasn't the only one to take issue with the video for "The Next Day": YouTube briefly pulled the clip yesterday for violating its terms of service, before restoring ita few hours later. "With the massive volume of videos on our site, sometimes we make the wrong call," a YouTube spokesperson told Billboard. The song comes from Bowie's latest album, The Next Day, which came out in March.
Related
This article originally appeared on Rolling Stone: David Bowie's 'The Next Day' Clip Attacked by Catholic League
Support us! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article. Learn more
Colombia is a land of beautiful intrigue with a reputation that terrifies many would-be travelers. Our writer rode for a week through the bike-crazy country for a look at its burgeoning adventure-travel scene.
HISTORY IS FRESH IN COLOMBIA. The effects of 50+ years of civil unrest, coupled with decades of violence and drug trafficking, create a mood unique to any place I have traveled.
But there is a strong current of new hope. The country is poised on the edge of a historic peace accord between the government and FARC rebels, and President Juan Manuel Santos just received the Nobel Peace Prize.
Is it really safe? I traveled to Colombia to go on a grand bike tour and learn how the destination treats foreign visitors.
Note: Like anywhere, there are risks in travel. Learn about potential dangers before travel, avoid sketchy areas, keep an eye on personal belongings, and don't put yourself in bad situations. Travel safe, travel smart.
Tour Colombia By Bike: The Trip
I traveled for five days of road cycling through a Unesco World Heritage Site called the “Coffee Cultural Landscape” west of Bogota. Here's what I found.
1. Colombia is a phenomenal place to ride a road bike.
But bring your climbing legs because Colombia is steep! The Andes Mountain range begins in the southern part of Colombia then fingers out into three distinct chains trisecting the country.
Our start town of Pereira, 180 km west of Bogota, sits at 4,900 feet, and lies in what is known as the “Coffee Triangle.”
After a morning ride through an undulating route of rolling hills, we finished with a 13-km climb up a series of switchbacks, including a final 800 m push up to Cafe San Alberto. There, at an elevation of 6,000 feet, nestled high above the town of Buena Vista, a third-generation coffee farm and cafe offered the smoothest, best-tasting cup of coffee of my life.
Until recently, much of the high-end Colombian coffee was exported, leaving poor quality coffee for the locals. San Alberto now solely deals in the high-end game with a stunning cafe overlooking Buena Vista.
2. Roads are sporty, but drivers polite.
We toured in the central region riding narrow country lanes with no shoulders, serpentine switchback climbs, and eye-watering descents.
We often shared the road with many cars, buses, trucks, motos, and scooters—all within inches. I never felt uneasy riding in traffic because the drivers paid attention. Sure, there are car crashes and the like, but by and large I did not notice devices distracting drivers from the task at hand, and certainly felt no animosity.
3. The exhaust on the other hand…
Whenever we did ride through more populated towns and regions, the exhaust and fumes were caustic. I even resorted to pulling a bandana over my mouth and nose in a quasi-futile attempt at protecting my lungs.
In the mountains and out of the towns the air was clear. Next time I'll get out of the cities quicker and follow the fresh air.
Guerrillas In The Mist: Adventure In Colombia A trip to climb, trek, and bike in Colombia gives our editor a glimpse at the South American country's "bad old days," as well as a look at the potential for wilderness adventure. Read more…
4. Don't worry about the ‘coca,' but try the panela.
Lots of people have asked if I chewed coca leaves, you know, for “energy.” Sorry to disappoint, but the answer is no. Had there been an offer, I sure would have. The effects of these leaves is not much more than a cup of coffee, I was told.
We did drink lots of agua de panela. Panela is basically pulverized sugar cane, boiled and then poured into molds and allowed to cool into blocks. The blocks can then be dissolved in boiling water and drunk hot or cold.
Many Colombians liken panela to Gatorade, and since it is basically sugar, it does give you an energy boost. It's also popular with cyclists. When Colombians first began competing in the Tour de France in the 1980s they were said to “cook rocks” of panela.
5. Cycling tradition is highly regarded in Colombia.
We saw loads of other cyclists out training on the roads. They like to wear full long-sleeve, euro-style race kits, perhaps in homage to their favorite stars, but also as protection from the sun.
Colombian pro cyclists are national heroes, dating back to Lucho Herrera, the first Colombian to win a stage of the Tour de France in 1984, up to present-day Vuelta España champion Nairo Quintana. One of our guides on the trip was Adelmo, a 32-year-old former pro and teammate of Quintana on the Colombian “Proud of America” Continental team.
They had a smooth, fluid, fast-cadence pedaling style, and the lithe climber's physique of someone who has spent countless hours turning the cranks. They were often seen giving some of the riders an “assist” on the climbs with a gentle hand on their back as the road went upward.
6. Dogs are everywhere.
With no leashes, dogs just meander down the roadway like extras in a Scorsese film. Still, they are usually pretty docile and friendly. But one afternoon, hurtling down a 13-km descent, I was fourth wheel behind Carlos, Brendan, and Oscar, when I saw a dog loping into the road ahead.
I reached the apex of the swooping curve. The dog was in full stride, barking and gnashing its teeth in a direct line at my lower leg. Hands in the drops, I stood up out of the saddle. I shouted, “HEY!” and accelerated just beyond the lunging ‘perro loco,' my calf muscle still intact.
Ciclovia — 7.city streets for cycling only.
While the “Open Streets” initiative—closing a major city street to automobile traffic one day each summer for the benefit of cyclists, runners, walkers, kids, parents, dogs, and humans—has been gaining steam in U.S. cities in recent years, it's been going on in Bogota since 1974.
They've perfected this practice over 40 years, and it's awesome. Every Sunday, over 70 miles of city streets in Bogota are closed to motorists. It's a glorious time to pedal the beautiful city.
8. Tejo is an awesome exploding game.
Tejo is essentially like playing a game of cornhole, but with explosives. How this hasn't caught on in the United States blows my mind.
To play, you throw an iron puck (the “tejo”) toward an iron ring lined with soft clay. The bullseye is lined with small paper triangles filled with gunpowder.
Points are scored for your team when the explosion happens (and you have that sulphuric smell of victory). This 500-year-old game is the the national sport of Colombia, with teams and tournaments and trophies, and cerveza. Lots of cerveza.
–Hurl Everstone is a contributing editor and the founder of Cars-R-Coffins. Learn more about biking in Colombia at the nation's tourism site.
We hear quite a few odd stories from the custom scene, most of them unprintable. But this one takes the biscuit: A custom R nineT finished matching the chocolate brown color of a Snickers wrapper.
It comes from Onehandmade Customs, an up-and-coming workshop from Tapei. The man behind Onehandmade is enigmatic, mostly thanks to the language barrier. Some people call them ‘Chun,'—but they tell us that the closest English pronunciation of their name is ‘Queen.'
What we do know that he's the go-to guy for all Rough Crafts‘ bodywork. They have only partial use of their right hand after an accident. And they like chocolate bars containing nougat, caramel and peanuts.
They also build damn fine motorcycles.
The story of ‘Snickers' started when the owner dropped it off at Chun's workshop, with nary a brief in sight.
“He had no idea how to start this project,” Chun tells us. “He said they just ‘wanted a Onehandmade bike.'”
Chun started at an unusual place—the color—and let their imagination run wild from there. “I like Snickers chocolate,” they explain, “so I wanted to use the candy brown color of this kind of chocolate.”
Soon, more ideas formed and sketches developed. “I was hoping to build the bike with a huge gas tank, and a skinny rear by contrast. And the tail light would be hidden under the seat.”
Chun's not afraid to hammer away at a piece until they get it perfect—the aluminum fuel tank took two attempts to get just right.
It's built to house a Motogadget dash, and is sporting a gorgeous Rough Crafts gas cap.
They nailed the tail section first time, but it's no less impressive. The taillight's an LED affair—an upside-down ‘U' embedded in the back that's invisible when off.
Up front there's a hand-made number board, powered by two H3 fog lights.
Attached to a set of high-rise bars are Motogadget grips and bar-end turn signals, and Brembo controls. Chun's also fitted MX-style foot pegs from MS Pro, along with chunky Pirelli Scorpion Rally tires.
In stock form, the R nineT packs a fair wallop. Chun's is undoubtedly a touch lighter though, and is helped along by K&N filters and a GPR exhaust system.
It'd be an impressive bike in the bare metal, but the paint scheme is what really knocks it out the park. Executed by Incross Custom Art, the deep glossy brown is punctuated by gold-leaf pinstripes.
It looks good enough to eat. But we'd prefer to ride it.
Onehandmade Facebook | Instagram | Images by JL Photography
Despite the fact that clinical practice guidelines specifically recommend against the use of more than one antipsychotic at once, new research reveals that as many as 12% of all psychiatric patients are discharged with multiple prescriptions for these drugs. The latest study, published open-access this week in the Journal of Psychiatric Practice, finds that the prescription of multiple antipsychotics continues to be an issue affecting nearly ten thousand patients every year in psychiatric hospitals alone.
Open Access →
“Despite the lack of empirical evidence that antipsychotic polypharmacy produces superior outcomes to antipsychotic monotherapy, clinicians continue to prescribe multiple antipsychotic medications for patients with a diagnosis of schizophrenia,” write the researchers, led by Glorimar Ortiz, Vera Hollen, and Lucille Schacht, of the National Association of State Mental Health Program Directors Research Institute (NRI).
“There is clear evidence that antipsychotic polypharmacy presents complications for the patient, including risk of drug interactions, increased medication side effects, increased risk for metabolic disorders, and complex medication regimens, which may lead to medication non-adherence among patients.”
The study looked at data on all psychiatric patients discharged from inpatient hospitals in 2011. In total, they looked at over 86 thousand patients from 160 hospitals in 26 states. On average, more than one in ten patients (12%) being discharged from a state inpatient psychiatric facility were given more than one antipsychotic medication. The antipsychotic polypharmacy rate differed considerably between hospitals, one facility prescribed multiple antipsychotics to 57% of their discharged patients, for instance, while others followed guidelines and avoided this practice.
“Our findings showed that rates of antipsychotic polypharmacy differ by geographic region. The Northeast had the highest adjusted polypharmacy rate, with 26% of patients discharged on antipsychotic polypharmacy. In the West, 45% of patients were discharged on no antipsychotic medications, which converted to an adjusted polypharmacy rate of 20%.”
For patients diagnosed with ‘schizophrenia,' the rate of antipsychotic over-prescription was even higher, affecting one in four of these patients. The data also revealed that patients who were in the hospital for more than 90 days were almost twice as likely to be discharged on antipsychotic polypharmacy.
****
ORTIZ, G., HOLLEN, V. and SCHACHT, L., 2016. Antipsychotic Medication Prescribing Practices Among Adult Patients Discharged From State Psychiatric Inpatient Hospitals. Journal of Psychiatric Practice®, 22(4), pp.283-297. (Full Text)
Catholic Church sex crimes: French bishops pledge to expose paedophilia, 'even historic cases'
Posted
The Catholic Church in France has pledged to shed light on all cases of paedophilia — including "historic cases" — following a scandal over an archbishop accused of covering up a priest's crimes.
Key points: Victims accuse senior bishops of covering up admitted offenders
'Listening cells' will be set up in every diocese to hear victims reports
French church aims to work alongside judicial authorities
Bishops decided that special groups would be set up to listen to complaints from victims of sexual abuse and an "independent national commission" would be set up to investigate, led by a lay person.
"Individual cases remain in our dioceses, even historic cases, and we need to shed light on them," Archbishop Georges Pontier, president of the French bishops conference, said.
"We pledge to do this work just as we treat cases brought to our attention, particularly by victims."
So-called "listening cells" will be set up in every diocese to hear complaints from victims, Archbishop Pontier added.
The measures were announced after the case of Archbishop of Lyon Philippe Barbarin re-opened the debate about paedophilia in the Church in France.
Archbishop Barbarin is the focus of two investigations focusing on accusations that they failed to inform prosecutors about Bernard Preynat, a priest who has admitted sexually abusing boy scouts they were supervising in the Lyon area of central France more than 25 years ago.
Priest Preynat was charged in January after confessing they had abused children.
A group of victims has criticised Archbishop Barbarin for failing to report Priest Preynat to the authorities, even though they were made aware of the allegations against them in 2007.
The diocese did not remove Priest Preynat from ministry until 2015.
Since the Preynat case has come to light, other allegations of sexual abuse by priests in the Lyon diocese have emerged.
Archbishop Barbarian, one of the highest-profile figures in the French Church, said last month they had "never covered up paedophilia".
'Paedophilia, in every case, is objectively serious'
Under increasing pressure, they have asked for "forgiveness" for what they called Preynat's "abominable crimes", but insists they did nothing wrong.
It is the worst scandal to hit the Catholic Church in France since a bishop was convicted in 2001 for failing to report abuse.
Another bishop came under attack last week when they refused to describe paedophilia as a "sin".
We must cooperate fully with the judicial authorities and we must listen to the victims in an open and caring way. Archbishop Stanislas Lalanne
Stanislas Lalanne, the bishop of Pontoise outside Paris, later tried to clarify their position, saying "paedophilia, in every case, is objectively serious".
Writing in Le Monde newspaper on Tuesday, the archbishop said the Church now had a "better understanding of the depth of the hurt inflicted" by abuse and admitted: "We have not always done a good job of managing the cases in the best way."
They wrote: "We must cooperate fully with the judicial authorities and we must listen to the victims in an open and caring way."
The Catholic Church has been rocked by sexual abuse scandals in recent years, especially in Ireland, the United States and Mexico.
Pope Francis has said dealing with abuse is vital for the Church's credibility and that perpetrators must face "sanctions".
AFP
Topics: catholic, sexual-offences, france
Apr 11, 2017-
Influential British DJ Paul Oakenfold has reached Mount Everest's base camp where they plan to host the “highest party on earth”, performing a set at 5,380 metres (17,600 feet).
As climbing season in Nepal kicks into gear, few of the mountaineers heading to the world's highest peak were likely expecting to be joined by the three-time Grammy nominated artist and their dance beats.
Oakenfold—whose three-decade long career has included collaborations with Madonna and U2—is due to perform a set at base camp on Tuesday morning.
“We are here now doing sound checks. We are really looking forward to the show tomorrow. Everyone is really excited here,” Oakenfold told AFP by phone from base camp on Monday.
The 53-year-old artist said they had no trekking experience before they set out on the 10-day walk to Everest with a team of yaks and porters hauling the audio equipment needed for the event.
Oakenfold trained for four months before arriving in Nepal in between a hectic schedule of late night gigs, they said. “I'm not going to pretend it was easy to get here... but it has been a wonderful trek. If you could see the view I'm looking at, it is very inspiring,” they said.
The world's highest peak will provide a very different kind of high to Oakenfold's usual shows, which often draw thousands of revellers.
The gig is the first in the record producer's SoundTrek series, aimed at drawing attention to the effects of global warming and raising money for charities.  They are also raising funds to help survivors of the 2015 earthquake, which killed nearly 9,000 people and left thousands homeless, many of whom are still living in temporary shelters. “I want to support in the rebuilding and to shed light on the environment... I would like to do my bit,” they said.
But not everyone is keen on the idea, with some complaining that the renowned DJ is disturbing the peace and tranquility of the Himalayas.
Published: 11-04-2017 08:24
Have you been asked to share your LinkedIn profile with recruiters? This should not come as a surprise to you. Not only does this amazing platform allow you to create a profile to depict your professional capabilities, but it allows you to connect with influencers as well as with organizations. Think of it as a Facebook for professionals, but with really good scope in terms of business prospects. With such versatility and easy access, why would recruiters want to review your resume in the first place?
Anyone looking at a LinkedIn Profile can make a quick assessment of whether or not a person looks competent and is worthy of interview etc. A lot of it depends on the “completeness” of the profile and the recommendations / reviews that a profile is able to get. Moreover, your involvement on the LinkedIn platform is also analysed by recruiters before they make up their mind. I guess, the whole social scenario and possibility of showcasing your work makes this a really lucrative platform for job seekers as well as recruiters.
Have you checked out the “job search” feature on LinkedIn? It is a really cool way in which companies post their job requirements and ask job seekers to apply with their profiles. However, it is of utmost importance that profile creation be taken seriously. Being cheeky may not work out well in this platform and you could lose some really good opportunities that come your way.
Most users think that spicing up their profile with exotic bullets and other hieroglyphs might make their profile more appealing. On the contrary, it only damages the worth of your profile. Just take a look at the profiles of achievers and influencers. See the way they have presented and formatted the content on their profile. Personal branding is no longer a necessity, it is a mandatory element for every LinkedIn user. You never know who may come across your profile while browsing through this amazing platform.
According to Chris Reed who is CEO at Black Marketing,“Personal branding on LinkedIn is now more important than ever. It's not enough to just have a profile, you must bring your personal branding to life on LinkedIn. If you don't then your competitors for that role will. Want that dream marketing role? Make sure you have lots of marketing internships, professional bodies, endorsements and recommendations in your LinkedIn profile.”
One of the most significant benefits of LinkedIn is that it is multi-dimensional apart from being dynamic. This means that you can show your worth to the recruiters with the help of your professional network and the relevance of your skills and abilities to your job profile. LinkedIn has forced all of us to think in pure marketing terms and this is most evident in the Summary. Just like you would write a summary in your resume, it is important to provide a summary with your profile. But this needs to stand out from the crowd and make a powerful and compelling statement about your professional worth.
While resume still holds importance in the recruitment scenario, LinkedIn is taking over as the next resume standard. Probably this is the reason behind LinkedIn's feature which allows you to create a resume based on the information presented in your profile. However, it would be better to get your profile written by a professional resume writer as the information presented there needs to be crisp and at par with global standards. Once your profile goes live, it would become available for the world to see. If you haven't brushed up your LinkedIn profile yet, then do it now. There may be numerous job opportunities waiting for you.
In the week following Donald Trump's surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, another battle has quietly ramped up on Wikipedia. An examination of the edit histories of pages belonging to Trump's inner circle reveals a skirmish of vandalisms, revisions and fantastical falsehoods.
The tweaks are made visible by “WikiWash,” an online tool developed by Metro News Canada and The Working Group as part of a 2014 collaboration with The Center for Investigative Reporting. It allows journalists and members of the public to inspect changes to Wikipedia pages in real time.
The melee is occurring amid a fierce debate over the degree to which non-news websites should curate facts for their readers. Facebook, for example, is enduring criticism for its alleged complicity in partisan rumor-mongering during the presidential election. Google this week announced it would ban fake news sites from its ad service. And Twitter, whose clumsy attempts to curb online abuse are well-documented, recently barred a series of white nationalists from its service – including Richard Spencer, a prominent member of the movement we interviewed in a recent episode.
Among the figures targeted most forcefully on Wikipedia was former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, believed to be among president-elect Trump's top picks for secretary of state. Since last week, users have added and removed a series of inaccuracies and insults to their page, editing the information once every 2.5 hours on average.
On Nov. 11, an anonymous user with a Uruguayan IP address labeled Giuliani “a totalitarian fascist;” That comment was removed by a moderation bot less than one minute later. A Nov. 12 assertion that Giuliani's parents had once offered their soul to “the Goblin King” – an apparent reference to the 1986 British musical fantasy “Labyrinth”– lasted two hours before it was pulled down. Another user wrote that Giuliani “supports racist president elect Donald Trump!” And moderators removed a falsified quote from Giuliani indicating that he'd like to play a “Heinrich Himmler-type role” in the Trump administration. Himmler was a prominent member of the Nazi Party in Germany.
THE TRUTH WILL NOT REVEAL ITSELF Support our nonprofit, nonpartisan journalism today DONATE
Stephen Bannon, executive chairperson of Breitbart News and Trump's recent pick as senior adviser, has also seen a flurry of activity on their page. Users were quick to point out that Bannon was charged with domestic violence and battery by their former spouse in 1996 – and that their voter registration information changed suspiciously ahead of this year's election. Other edits were minor: A correction about Bannon's role in producing the 1996 movie “Titus”; the capitalization of “S” in charges that Breitbart had expressed “anti-Semitic” views.
Bannon's page continues to undergo edits and features an advisory that its information may be subject to change based on current events. Indeed, WikiWash's interface shows that revisions are occurring roughly once per hour.
On Vice President-elect Mike Pence's page, Wikipedians bickered about how to characterize their policies toward the LGBT community; one flatly accused them of homophobia. Users also removed a rant, posted under the guise of “better information,” that was peppered with inflammatory language about Pence and Trump:
Other attacks on Trump's inner circle have abounded. On Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner's page, users sparred over whether to call Kushner, a senior adviser to the president-elect, the “small son” of Charles Kushner, a prominent real estate developer and convicted felon. Meanwhile, Eric Trump's designation as a “philanthropist” and “business person” were taken down and replaced with “heir.”
The president-elect's page appeared devoid of outright attacks. But because Wikiwash's revision history only extends back through 50 changes, it's possible that Trump's page (which appears to be updating constantly) may have received a high volume close to Election Day.
Byard Duncan can be reached at bduncan@revealnews.org. Follow them on Twitter: @ByardDuncan.
Don't miss the next big story. Brave investigations that change minds, laws and lives. Emailed directly to you.
When Donald Trump dropped the “R” word (rape) during a Wednesday interview with Sean Hannity, it brought into sharp focus something the establishment media has avoided for decades: the continued allegations of sexual harassment and violence against former President Bill Clinton.
Predictably, the media scrambled into defensive mode by denying the accusation had any basis in fact. “The rape accusation is decades-old and discredited,” ABC's Tom Llamas stated during Thursday's edition of World News Tonight, then went on to praise Hillary Clinton's responses to Trump's attacks.
“Clinton now saying plain and clear, Trump is not fit for the White House,” they said, showing clips of Hillary describing Trump as “dangerous,” “reckless” and “irresponsible.”
One of the rape accusations stems comes from Juanita Broaddrick, who said Bill Clinton sexually assaulted them in 1978 in a Little Rock, Arkansas, hotel room.
“I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. attorney general raped me and Hillary tried to silence me,” Broaddrick tweeted in January. “I am now 73 … it never goes away.”
Broaddrick's January 6 tweet came a month after Hillary Clinton had tweeted, “Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported.”
RELATED: Broaddrick on ‘evil' Clinton rape: ‘I could never forgive them'
ABC isn't the only news agency who attempted to deny the rape allegations. CBS's Nancy Cordes referenced Trump's Hannity interview on the Evening News. “They were referring to a trio of women who say Bill Clinton made unwanted sexual advances in 80s and 90s. Mr. Clinton denies it. Two of the cases were plagued by factual discrepancies.”
What do YOU think? What's the biggest reason people are going for Trump? Sounds off in today's WND poll.
Cordes also attacked Trump: “The topic of rape is murky territory for Trump, who was also once accused of rape by their ex-wife Ivana … a charge they later recanted.”
Political commentator Ann Coulter slammed Llamas in a series of tweets: “Reporter Tom Llamas on ABC News Thurs re: Clinton/Juanita Broaddrick:”The rape accusation is decades old and discredited.” Discredited HOW?!”
Salon Magazine's Scott Eric Kaufman, joining other progressive media outlets, mocked Coulter's multiple tweets on the dismissal of Broaddrick's case: “Still unsatisfied, [Coulter] began repeating themselves like a broken Furby, spouting what seemed to be language, but was actually just the same input being shouted slightly differently. … They later attempted to explain themselves by way of attacking others.”
The truth is even worse than you thought. Discover the explosive secret history of Bill and Hillary Clinton in the new blockbuster book, “Hillary the Other Woman,” available right now from Amazon as an e-book, or as an autographed hardcover from the WND Superstore!
Broaddrick, in an interview with Breitbart News, said: “I wish that they would use the same amount of energy to interview the hundreds of women that Bill Clinton has probably spoken bad words about and the many women that they have assaulted. … I think a person's own actions and what they do to women speaks much louder than a person's hearsay and words. They have absolutely no morals when it comes to women.”
Broaddrick noted that no reporters from the Times have ever contacted them
Here it is … Hillary's rap sheet: “The essential guide to Hillary's high crimes and misdemeanors.”
Broaddrick responded to NBC's Andrea Mitchell on-air statement that Broaddrick's rape allegation, first televised by their own network in a sensational “Dateline” segment in 1999, had been “discredited.”
“And if NBC now thinks my experience has been ‘discredited,'” Broaddrick said in an interview conducted for WND, “why would Andrea Mitchell call me to ask me for any new information about my encounter with Hillary after the assault? And why wouldn't Andrea Mitchell have written their own news story explaining exactly how I've been discredited? Lisa Myers actually warned me about Andrea. Andrea is obviously mad at me for exposing their rudeness and bias when they called me this year. I think being a lapdog for Hillary Clinton discredits Andrea Mitchell and NBC as journalists!”
Stephen J. Chapman received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Louisiana State University and an M.S.E. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Central Florida. They pursued further graduate studies at Rice University. Mr. Chapman has served as an officer in the U.S. Navy, assigned to teach Electrical Engineering at the U.S. Naval Nuclear Power School in Orlando, Florida. They were also affiliated with the University of Houston, where they ran the power systems program in the College of Technology. In addition, they have served as a member of the technical staff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Lincoln Laboratory, both at the main facility in Lexington, Massachusetts, and at the field site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Republic of the Marshall Islands. While there, they did research in radar signal processing systems. They ultimately became the leader of four large operational range instrumentation radars at the Kwajalein field site (TRADEX, ALTAIR, ALCOR, and MMW). Mr. Chapman also served as a research engineer at Shell Development Company in Houston, Texas, where they conducted seismic signal processing research. In addition, they were affiliated with the University of Houston, where they continued to teach on a part-time basis. Mr. Chapman is currently Manager of Systems Modeling and Operational Analysis for BAE Systems Australia in Melbourne, Australia.  They are the subject-matter expert of a team that has developed a model of how naval ships defend themselves. This model contains more than 400,000 lines of MATLAB code written over more than a decade. Mr. Chapman is a Senior Member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (and several of its component societies).  They are also a member of the Institution of Engineers (Australia).
Government is all about statistics. But life is about people, and the disjunction between the two explains a lot about the cynicism and disaffection with politics. This is true for domestic policy, but also in international affairs, where the confusion and fatigue induced by distance is increased by the seemingly intractable nature of many of the problems.
The people who suffer are those who most need the attention of the world. This is notably true of the 1.5 million people crowded into the Gaza Strip, locked between Israel, Egypt and the Mediterranean sea.
The statistics say that 80% of the population are on UN food aid. The youth unemployment rate is 65%. The website of the United Nations office for the co-ordination of humanitarian affairs has a comprehensive database where you can see how many trucks, containing different kinds of supplies, have been allowed in by the Israeli authorities.
The situation of the people – or rather the fight about their situation – is periodically in the news, most recently when violence broke the otherwise reasonably effective ceasefire in August. But Gaza has become the land that time – and the wider international community – forgot.
It is for this reason that I took up the offer from Save the Children to visit the Gaza Strip. I had not been able to visit while in government for security reasons. Now I wanted to get a sense of life, not statistics. The purpose of the visit was not to meet politicians or decision-makers, but to get a glimpse, albeit brief, of life for the people.
And there is real life. Boys in western football shirts – mainly Lionel Messi of Barcelona. Restaurants overlooking the Mediterranean. Girls in white headscarves wherever you look coming back from school. Barbers, clothes shops, fruit stalls. And a good deal of traffic – with new cars smuggled in through tunnels underneath the Philadelphi route that runs along the Egyptian border.
But although life is real, it is traumatic and limited. We saw buildings – not just the former Hamas headquarters – still reduced to rubble. There are houses riddled with bullet holes. The electricity supply cuts out for up to eight hours a day. There are not enough schools or teachers, so there are classes of 50 or 60 and the school day is restricted to a few hours to allow for two or even three shifts.
The consequences of war are everywhere, nowhere more so than for those caught in the crossfire. We met the niece and son of a farmer caught in the "buffer zone" between the Israeli border and Gaza. They had lost an eye and they a hand to Israeli shells in the war of 2008-09.
Save the Children, obviously, is most concerned about the 53% of the Gaza population under 18. The statistics say 10% of children are "stunted" – so undernourished before the age of two that they never grow to their full potential.
We saw what Save the Children is trying to do about it, at a nutrition centre serving mothers and children in Gaza City. The needs are basic: promoting breastfeeding, health boosts for young children through food supplies, medical attention for mothers. But not all those who need help are coming to get it, so Save the Children funds outreach workers to go and encourage families to use the services.
There is remarkable work to create opportunity as well as prevent catastrophe. The Qattan Centre for the Child is a privately funded library, drama, computer and youth centre that would grace any British community. The director told me it was dedicated to a philosophy of "building people not buildings". The centre is a true oasis.
The situation in Gaza represents the ultimate failure of politics. Nearly three years ago, after the Gaza war, the international community was preoccupied with opening up Gaza. Three years on, there is a stalemate – to match the wider stalemate in the wider search for a Palestinian state that can live alongside Israel.
The first responsibility is with Israel. The international call in the UN Gaza peace resolution, which Britain authored, on the Israeli government to open up the supply lines has been heeded only in small part. That is why the tunnels do such a roaring trade – which Hamas then taxes to fund its activities. So there is a real boomerang. In return, the Israeli government would retort that the parallel call in the resolution for the flow of arms into Gaza to be stopped has not been delivered. That's true, too.
Yet the international pressure is muted. The focus has shifted. But the needs and the people have not moved on.
This is not a party political hit on the British government. The Department for International Development is the second biggest donor to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency. The prime minister spoke up about Gaza early in their term of office. There is room for a genuine cross-party drive to make sure that the children and adults of Gaza are not forgotten.
To make the situation even more infuriating, the status quo is actually irrational. It is not in anyone's political interest. Israel doesn't become safer, or Hamas or Fatah more popular.
One young mother at the nutrition centre told me that they were just completing their accountancy degree – but there was no work. Yusuf, nine, working on a computer at the Qattan centre, told me they wanted to be a pilot. These people are not a threat to peace in the Middle East. They are actually its hope. But for that they need a chance to shape their own future.
The Washington Capitals announced on Thursday that they had re-signed 25 year-old German goaltender Philipp Grubauer to a one-year, $1.5 million deal that will ostensibly keep the backup goalie in Washington for another season.
The move is a good one in terms of pure hockey sense. Along with 2015-2016 Vezina Trophy winner Braden Holtby, Grubauer helped the Washington Capitals win the 2016-2017 William Jennings Trophy as the best goaltending tandem (in terms of goals against) in the NHL.
In 24 appearances (a significant amount for a non-starter), Grubauer was nothing short of astronomically stellar. In fact, they out-performed Vezina runner-up Holtby in save percentage (.926), even strength save percentage (.937), powerplay save percentage (.883), quality start percentage (.684), and win percentage (.684). Those numbers were some of the best in the league among any goalie strapping on the pads at least twenty times: their save percentage and even strength save percentage were 4th in the NHL, and their powerplay save percentage was 14th. (Stats courtesy of Hockey Reference.)
But with the salary cap tightening around the Capitals like a belt after a greasy fast food meal, Grubauer was rightly assumed to be a valuable trading chip for a Washington team that desperately needed to shave dollars somewhere. Many assumed the Vegas Golden Knights would claim Grubauer in the expansion draft, but they obviously had other ideas (*cough, Nate Schmidt, cough*).
Instead, the Capitals chose to re-sign Grubauer to a one-year extension, nearly doubling their salary to $1.5 million per year.
At face value, this seems...odd. With the Capitals so strapped for cash that they shipped out third-leading scorer Marcus Johansson in a move that enraged many Capitals fans, confused pundits, and led to the general consensus that GM Brian MacLellan done goofed, lots of level-headed, clear-eyed, drug-test-passing observers assumed that the backup goalie position would be the position where the purse strings had a healthy chance to tighten. With Braden Holtby as close to a reliable sure-thing at starter as exists in today's NHL and playing in a staggering 202 of the Capitals' 246 regular season games over the last three seasons, ponying up more money for Grubauer at backup felt about as likely as taking out a reverse mortgage to pay for another Ferrari.
And yet, the Capitals did exactly that, and on “bad” terms. If they believed Grubauer is an elite NHL starter-quality goalie, locking them up at $1.5 million for several years wouldn't be so bad an idea. But with their new contract metered at just one single year, and leaving a whole other year of RFA eligibility out to rot in the July sun, wasted like a frat boy, the Capitals must have other plans.
And those plans are almost certainly to trade Grubauer before the deadline this season.
This team would have $611K in cap space. So, what happens when you need an injury call up? Still think they could ship out Gru for Copley pic.twitter.com/Q29eoeg1uF — Pat Holden (@pfholden) July 6, 2017
As Patrick Holden observed, the contract leaves the Capitals with just $611,000 beneath the salary cap. If the Capitals need to call up an emergency injury replacement from Hershey, the difference between the player's one-way and two-way salaries (what they make if called up the NHL vs. if they stay in the AHL) must not put the Capitals over the limit. With an NHL league minimum of $650,000, this would almost certainly happen if Washington needs to call up more than one player this season (which they will, because ouch, hockey).
With cheaper goaltending options available - Washington just re-signed Hershey goalie Pheonix Copley to a 2-year, $1.3 million deal and former Ducks starting goalie Jhonas Enroth still a 29 year-old unrestricted free agent making just $750,000 last year - MacLellan must plan to get value out of Grubauer that has nothing to do with them playing goalie in a bright red Capitals sweater.
Back to that term. One year may seem like a short time - hell, one year ago I was thinner, funnier, and better looking, probably - but the fact that Grubauer will still be an RFA at the end of it is significant. The team's brass clearly expect Grubauer's value to rise during the season. This offseason, the market was flooded with a glut of talented, cheap free agent goalies, and they have pretty much all now been snapped up. Some of those goalies will not pan out, and some will get injured. When those calls start coming in, as teams realize, “Holy crap, wait, we're actually contenders?” you can expect to see Grubauer's trade value rise above whatever the unacceptably low amount it was this offseason.
And when those teams call, they'll even get offered a warranty, of sorts: Grubauer will still be an RFA after this season, so they will retain their rights and not have to fight off the lucrative vultures of unrestricted free agency.
Now, how attractive does that goalie sound? Perhaps the most promising non-starter in the NHL, making more-than-backup but less-than-starter money, with their RFA rights in tact?
That's a valuable trading piece, and the Capitals just made them more valuable with this contract.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man had to be rushed to hospital after getting a metal c*** ring stuck on their penis - until doctors used BOLT CUTTERS to remove it.
They were using the sex aid at home but was left in unbearable pain when they couldn't remove it.
Emergency services had to be called, who sent an ambulance to take them to the nearest hospital in Bangkok, Thailand.
Horrifying images from the procedure showed medics using 2ft long boltcutters and a hacksaw to cut off the small ring.
The sex toy is used by men who wish to maintain erections.
Doctors and nurses struggled to contain their laughter as the man in their 30s - who has not been identified - had the ring removed.
(Image: Dewsbury / Jakchai Banyensakul)
The procedure took place on Wednesday night.
Volunteer rescue worker Jack Bansakul said: "The man put the metal alloy ring on their penis for some kind of sex game at home.
"I'm not sure if it was one he'd bought from a shop or something they found in the garage.
"But they hadn't measured themselves properly and when their penis expanded they could not remove it.
(Image: Dewsbury / Jakchai Banyensakul)
"He was very worried and in a lot of discomfort," they continued.
"He called the emergency services and volunteer rescue workers had to take them to hospital. They were in so much pain they couldn't get there himself.
"The doctors used lubrication to try and slide the ring off but it was still stuck.
(Image: Dewsbury / Jakchai Banyensakul)
"They had to use a saw and pliers to stretch the ring and then pull it off," Jack added.
"He was very sore afterwards and a bit embarrassed but thankful to still be able to use their penis properly."
The metal ring was so strong that doctors spent three hours removing it.
They initially used hot soapy water and a pair of pliers to try and pull the device away without success.
(Image: Dewsbury / Jakchai Banyensakul)
Even a hacksaw could only make a small indentation in the surface.
Eventually they resorted to giant boltcutters to carefully break the ring before sliding a piece of metal under it while they prized it open.
Jack added: ''The metal was really strong and it took two or three hours to completely break it open.
"It was made from very strong thick metal.
"Thankfully the man suffered no injuries and they were able to go home. I don't think he'll be using a c*** ring again though."
(Image: Dewsbury / Jakchai Banyensakul)
And it's not the first time a man has run into trouble using the sex toy.
Another man recently got their penis stuck in metal c*** ring and ended up having to call the fire brigade for help.
They had failed to free their privates during an agonising two whole days.
Snow across Spanish farming areas means tomato, lettuce, pepper and celery shortage - and higher prices - may last into spring
British shoppers have been told that shortages of courgettes, aubergines and many salad ingredients, including lettuce and celery, will continue until spring –and that if they manage to find stock in their local supermarket they can expect to pay substantially higher prices.
The lion's share of fresh vegetables we eat in winter comes from Murcia and Valencia in southern Spain, but the regions' crops have been hit by flooding, frost and now snow. One supplier said lorries transporting vegetables already in short supply to the UK had been stuck in snow this week. Courgette prices have risen four-fold in the past two weeks.
What a pickle: UK gripped by courgette shortage Read more
“Southern Spain is the bread basket for Europe in the winter,” said Anthony Gardiner of G's, a major supermarket fresh food supplier. “The whole of southern Europe has been hit hard and supply is absolutely challenging across much salad, fruit and vegetable lines. That's likely to continue until the beginning of May when the first British crops are ready.”
Heavy rains in mid-December ruined half the Christmas lettuce harvest in Murcia, and the rains have been been followed by frost and snow, the first snowfall many residents can remember since the early 80s.
Spanish government figures show the price of a kilo of aubergines surging 132% between 8 January and 15 January. Courgette prices were up by 60% and some tomatoes by 45% over the same period. Spain's largest farming association, Asaja, says the average price of a kilo of courgettes in Almería rose by €1.10 (95p) to hit €4.02 between the first and second week of January, with increases also recorded in aubergines, cucumbers, peppers and beans.
“Right now, it's vegetables that are being most affected by the weather all along the eastern coast – Valencia, Murcia and Almería,” said Asaja spokesperson Estrella Larrazabal, adding that producers growing cucumbers, peppers, artichokes, courgettes and green beans under plastic were also beginning to report damage.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Yes, we have no courgettes ... Tesco is out of stock too. Photograph: Jill Mead for the Guardian
Nick Matthews, a regional director at Total Produce, one of world's largest fresh produce suppliers, said it was receiving only 20 to 30% of its usual volume of courgette and aubergines.
“It's quite unprecedented and I've been in this business for 28 years,” they said. “You tend to get one or two products affected by the weather but we are are seeing shortages of courgettes, aubergines, all salad leaves, cucumbers, celery, peppers, tomatoes and broccoli.”
How Guardian readers are coping with the courgette crisis Read more
New year health kicks create a surge in demand for greens, and Matthews said dieters looking for an alternative to courgettes to whizz through their spiraliser could try carrots, celeriac or even moolis.
Suppliers are concerned that Spanish farmers may not be able to recover the situation, because the bad weather has also damaged young plants and prevented fresh crops being sown. The disruption means gaps on supermarket shelves are expected to continue as importers scramble to tap supplies from further afield.
“The inclement weather in Greece, Italy and southern France means any contingency sourcing has also been wiped out,” said one senior industry source.
“That means people are now looking further afield to import produce, notably from America – which given the devaluation of pound versus the dollar and the increase in airfreight charges – means this will be very expensive for UK consumers and prices will rise on the shelf or there will be gaps on the shelf.”
Recently several high profile companies (Fiat, Toyota, Hyundai…) ended up on the pages of specialized WRC and motorsport media with suggestions about their possible future involvement in the World Rally Championship. Of course, in most cases stories are based on rumors or fan fiction, but it's not that hard to imagine successful brands being interested in the WRC, especially once FIA finds the solution to promoter and TV broadcasting problem.
With Mini hopefully staying and expanding it's involvement in WRC next year and the arrival of Volkswagen we are looking good to have four manufacturers competing for the title in 2013 and beyond. Ideally, these four teams would inspire other brands and companies to review their motorsports programme and possibly enter the World Rally Championship with their own models. Realistically, one cannot be sure about the long-term plans of each of the four current teams. And one of those stands out in particular – Citroën.
As I'm writing this I cannot help but hope I am utterly and totally wrong about my hunches. It is painful enough to see the World Rally Championship suffer over lack of promoter and proper TV coverage, not to mention lack of teams (both private and manufacturer ones) to house all the talented drivers, and loss of such iconic and high profile team such as Citroën would be a major blow. So, I do hope PSA Peugeot Citroën bosses don't share the same ideas as I do and Citroën remains in the championship for many years.
When Peugeot announced cancellation of their Le Mans programme entire rallying community was worried about same thing happening to Citroën's WRC project. Thankfully, Citroën expressed their dedication to the World Rally Championship for few more years. But after Peugeot's sudden withdrawal from Le Mans we realized anything can happen to even the most solid of plans. Just look at BMW-Mini-Prodrive drama. And the longer WRC lingers in it's current promoter-less state, the less appealing it will be to the teams investing huge amounts of money into their WRC activities. Before that problem is solved FIA and WRC can hardly hope for any progress in other key areas, such as calendar expansion. Let's see why would that be so important.
PSA Peugeot Citroën is looking to increase sales numbers in China, Russia and Latin America this year, which should help to compensate for expected 8-10% decline of European markets. These numbers are well in line with the future character of World Rally Championship, especially if FIA expands the calendar with more rounds in South America and more importantly China and Russia. Not surprisingly, same market are equally important for Ford and Volkswagen, but also for Mini – BMW owned brand had a record breaking year in 2011 and most notable contributions came from China, South Korea and Russia with North America still being Mini's top market. It's therefore only logical to expect those countries to be high on the priority list for inclusion into WRC calendar, not only to “satisfy” current and encourage new teams but also to bring new sponsors and investors to the sport.
What all this has to do with Citroën in particular? Well, for one Citroën might be looking to end it's campaign while they're still at the very top and possibly before the next generation of DS3 road car comes into play, forcing the company to spend additional resources in developing a new WRC machine. On the other hand, it all depends on how Citroën plans to develop it's DS range – but given the premium character of DS lineup I don't expect next DS3 will simply be a modest facelift of the current model. There is also the question of Sebastien Loeb, whose departure from the WRC is getting closer with each new rally, although Frenchman is still not quite ready to say goodbye to rallying. With Loeb out of the picture, Citroën would be faced with a choice of training a new youngster and possibly suffering some defeats along the way or they would have to lure some of the current top drivers from other teams, again possibly risking less than ideal results. I'm not saying there's no rallying for Citroën after Loeb, but there's no denying that this combination produced some spectacular results and records over the years and expectations are high and will remain high. Just look at what Ferrar is doing now compared to what it was during Michael Schumacher years, for a rough comparison.
With all that in mind, what could be sort of bad for Citroën, might be good for their sister company Peugeot! Latter enjoys cult status in rallying, despite their latest involvement in WRC being total disaster. Just ask to have a chat with Marcus Gronholm and ask them about the Peugeot 307 WRC. However, earlier model, 206 WRC was a rallying monster and very capable and successful car. Equally impressive results were recorded by road going version of 206, but same cannot be said about the outgoing 207 road cars. And just in right time there comes new car in Peugeot's “2” family – 208. After not so successful 207, new model is under huge pressure to produce results and cash. Peugeot already announced the development of R4T specification 208, sending the aging but very impressive 207 S2000 to retirement. Could their next step be to replace Citroën DS3 WRC with Peugeot 208 WRC in order to draw more attention to the mass market 208 instead of premium niche model such as DS3?
Only time can tell. In the meantime, we should probably be happy about PSA Peugeot Citroën's continuing involvement in top motorsport despite the global economic crisis and uncertainties. And with two equally recognisable brands, PSA actually can “switch” their activities and still keep the momentum.
Ah, DarkBASIC takes me back. Its various iterations made regular and hard-fought-for appearances on the coverdisc of the magazine I used to work for, and at the time were one of very few ways for amateur types to make a standalone videogame of their own, without having to learn coding or resort to modding. Never got around to trying it myself, but I got the impression it was pretty decent. Take a look at (and play) the kind of stuff that's been made with it here and here. And now it's free – ad-supported, but it's the full Professional edition, entirely bereft of its former $70 pricetag. Presumably it's a response to the likes of Unity and the Unreal 3 SDK going similarly free – this is one case where a crowded marketplace is only good news. Dance! Dance with joy! Or we'll kill you!
Oh, and DarkBASIC creators the Gamer, er, Creators have another freebie…
It's the FPS Creator, “which enables the creation of rich, engaging 3D First-Person Shooter games by people with no previous programming or 3D modelling experience”, it says here. It's not a massively advanced engine – understandable, given it needs to be accessible – but it can create stuff that's visually on a par with the original Half-Life, or thereabouts. Creatively on a par? Well, that's up to you. It is free, but carries a few more restrictions than DB – notably, no multiplayer creation options, and you can't make your game standalone. Unless you pay to upgrade, anyway. Not a bad deal, though: if you do create something you're proud of, there's no licensing or restrictions on publishing it. Go to it. Make wonderful, twisted, free things.
Many years ago, a local Chicago sportscaster named Howard Sudberry recounted a curious controversy surrounding a major league baseball game. Late in the contest, the team that would eventually win was up by ten runs. A player for that squad hit a single and then stole second base. The catcher of the trailing team whined after the game that this base-stealer was rubbing it in, essentially being unsportsmanlike. Well, Sudberry was having none of it. They looked into the camera and spoke, as it were, to the catcher himself: “Then throw them out!” They were implying that the base-stealer had done absolutely nothing opposed to the rules of baseball and that, if the catcher didn't like it, they should try to beat them fair and square within the context of those same rules.
This incident came to mind when I read, just recently, about a similarly curious controversy, this one within the groves of academe. The New York Times columnist Ross Douthat has been opining quite a bit about the Synod on the Family in Rome, suggesting, among other things, that clear factions among the bishops have emerged, that Pope Francis favors a more liberal resolution of the key questions, and that heretical viewpoints are afoot in Rome. In response to Douthat's ruminations, a letter, signed by some of the leading lights of the Catholic academy, was sent to the editors of the Times. The professors and pundits complained that Douthat was proposing a politicized reading of Church affairs and that they are, at the end of the day, unqualified to speak on such complex matters, presumably because they don't have a graduate degree in theology. Their prim closing remark—“This is not what we expect of the New York Times”—was an unmistakable insinuation that views such as Douthat's simply should not be allowed into the arena of public conversation.
Are all of Ross Douthat's opinions on the Synod debatable? Of course. Do I subscribe to everything they have said in this regard? No. But is they playing outside the rules of legitimate public discourse in such an egregious way that they ought to be censored? Absolutely not! Anyone even casually familiar with Douthat knows that they are exceptionally smart, articulate, careful in their expression, and a committed Catholic. So they have argued that divisions at least analogous to political factions have emerged at the Synod. From the Council of Jerusalem in the first century through Vatican II in the twentieth, the Church has been marked by conflict, rivalry, and faction. If you doubt me in regard to the first, take a good look at chapters eleven through fifteen of the Acts of the Apostles; and if you're skeptical in regard to the second, peruse any two pages of Yves Congar's massive diary of the Second Vatican Council. And while you're at it, read John Henry Newman's history of the Council of Nicea in the fourth century, or any treatment of the sixteenth century Council of Trent. When has the life of the Church not been susceptible to a political reading?
And the suggestion that, because they don't have a credential from the academy, Douthat isn't qualified to enter into the discussion? Please. If a doctorate in theology were a bottom-line prerequisite, we would declare the following people unqualified to express an opinion on matters religious: Thomas Merton, Flannery O'Connor, Graham Greene, Evelyn Waugh, C.S. Lewis, William F. Buckley, W.H. Auden, or to bring things more up to date, Fr. James Martin, George Weigel, and E.J. Dionne. In point of fact, it is often the case that those outside of the official academy often have the freshest and most insightful perspectives, precisely because they aren't sequestered in the echo-chamber of politically correct faculty lounge discourse.
The letter to the Times is indicative indeed of a much wider problem in our intellectual culture, namely, the tendency to avoid real argument and to censor what makes us, for whatever reason, uncomfortable. On many of our university campuses this incarnates itself as a demand for “safe spaces,” where students won't feel threatened by certain forms of speech or writing. For the first time in my life, I agreed with Richard Dawkins who recently declared on Twitter, “A university is not a 'safe space'. If you need a safe space, leave, go home, [and] hug your teddy...until [you are] ready for university.”
So in the spirit of Howard Sudberry, I would say to those who signed the letter against Ross Douthat, “Make an argument against him; prove them wrong; marshal your evidence; have a debate with him; take them on. But don't attempt to censor him.” I understand that the signatories disagree with him, but he's playing by the rules.
Alright.....this comic should have been done last week BUT I went to MSP-MLP, Minneapolis convention (I live in NY). I tried to get this done for Saturday but yeah the convention chewed up my time but hey I got this done only 3 days late. I did hide the muffin in this....fairly easy compared to how I usually hide them.So yeah....check it out...2 cute comics in a row. What is wrong with me?! Actually it was funny because people are like "Toxic do you make daw comics?" and I usually tell people...."just get me to the off-season".Well here it is and this is just the 2nd of several I want to do so far. I like these Derpy comics too...filly Derpy I like to play around with but the breezy....that was a different story. I HATE drawing those things. I picked a random one from the show. Those wings were a nightmare and I am glad this comic is done because those were annoying as hell to do.Well that's all I got. Hope you all like it. Kind of funny how in the off-season I tend to go on a run with filly Derpy comics. Sorry on the lateness.....gotta get back into the schedule I usually do but I am glad this comic is done. I think DBZ Twilight V2 is next on the list and then a comic after.That is going to be fun to do. Derpy, Breezy © HasbroArt © Me
Story highlights The U.S. has known for some time ISIS planned to attack around the world
"It's not a sign of weakness or desperation. They are adapting in a different way," an official said.
(CNN) Recent raids against ISIS targets have given the U.S. intelligence community a better understanding of how the terror group is structured and organized and about its plans for attacks outside areas it controls in Syria and Iraq, according to a senior administration official.
They also have made it clear that for some time ISIS was planning to focus on those attacks around the world, although there were no clear indications of when and where that would have provided actionable intelligence to prevent them, the senior official said.
"We were aware they were moving this way," the official said. "It's not like we didn't see it coming."
The official declined to say where the intelligence came from, but a spokesperson for the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq and Syria recently revealed the Syrian Arab Coalition (SAC) -- Arab fighters in northern Syria that the U.S. supports -- had collected a significant amount of ISIS intel in raids in northern Syria.
"The SAC forces have ... seized more than 10,000 documents from the outlying edges, including textbooks, propaganda posters, cell phones, laptops, maps and digital storage devices. Exploitation of this information is ongoing to better understand Daesh (ISIS) networks and techniques, including the systems to manage the flow of foreign fighters into Syria and Iraq," the spokesperson, Col. Christopher Garver, told reporters.
Read More
One of the world's most important medieval historians, Jacques le Goff, passed away earlier today in Paris. Many medievalists will have read and been deeply influenced by their writings and scholarship.
Jacques le Goff was born on January 1, 1924 and by the 1950s they were writing the first of over thirty books and becoming known as one of the leading members of the Annales School, which sought to push historians away from focusing on political and military history and towards social history and seeing the medieval and early modern eras as part of the same broader period.
In an interview from 2003, Le Goff explained “I think, in fact, that apart from the discovery of America – a significant event for sure that brought about a first globalization – the essential economic, social, political, and cognitive structures of the Occident and the rest of the world did not fundamentally change around the 15th and 16th centuries. The Middle Ages have gone through many rebirths, the epoch of Charlemagne, and the 12th century for example, and the great Renaissance is but one of these. The historiography of the end of the 19th century seems to me to have exaggerated the novelty of the 16th century. Even the Reformation did not bring about fundamental transformations. The real changes came about with the beginnings of modern science and the Enlightenment in the 18th century, socially and politically with the French Revolution, and economically with the Industrial Revolution.”
Le Goff is best known for their books on the concept of purgatory in the Middle Ages, the influence of money in this period, and their biography (or rather as they termed it ‘anti-biography') of King Louis IX. They also served as the co-editor of the journal “Annales”.
Beyond the academic world, one could also find Jacques le Goff hosting a radio programme in France and serving as the historical advisor to movies set in the Middle Ages. They even wrote several children's books.
Among the many accolades they received, Jacques le Goff was awarded the Dan David Prize in 2007. In naming them for the award, the prize committee stated:
Erudition, imagination, professional and civic commitment: Le Goff's achievements go much beyond the traditional definition of what an historian usually is or should be. Though they have mostly studied periods of history that are remote in time, they have done so while keeping a constant eye on the great questions of the present. This helps explain why their abundant accomplishments as a scholar have been so widely received and why they continue to be so important today.
Aurelie Filipetti, France's Minister of Culture and Communications, was among those who paid tribute to him, saying “The contribution of Jacques Le Goff to the progress of science and history to enrich the debate of ideas is invaluable. We have a precious legacy of their rich work, exemplary rigor, and will feel for a long time their influence on the historical debate, cultural and intellectual.”
Jacques Le Goff et la Nouvelle Histoire. Apostrophes. 1979 from Difusió Hª Medieval on Vimeo.
“History is not given, history is constructed by the historian. But the historian cannot do just anything. They must make their construction with the aid of materials, documents. I have personally adopted Michel Foucault's position that documents are not innocent. Documents have been made to impress, to form thinking, they are what you might call monument/documents. We must maintain toward these monument/documents a critical spirit; but if this critical spirit leads to a purely deconstructive “shredding” of what is being set out before us, we lose ourselves in an intellectual anarchy from which nothing good can emerge. So I think that not only is it necessary that we be moored to documents, I think we must also remind ourselves that historical truth is not one. It is not clear. We no longer believe, like Ranke, that we can recount things such as they really happened, such as they were. But if we don't believe that there is a historical truth, even if we approach it only through interpretations and approximations, then history, which has made a meritorious effort to be scientific… then we historians may just as well resign ourselves to writing historical novels.” – Jacques le Goff, in an interview with Historical Reflections from 1993.
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
The Syrian opposition militants entering Lebanon's southeastern corner are not Hezbollah's only concern. There are three other consequences, equally serious and disturbing for the party.
First, Jabhat al-Nusra has taken control of the Syrian side of the border facing the Lebanese area of Shebaa, which is occupied by Israel, isolating Hezbollah from the Syrian extension in the Golan Heights. Hezbollah considers the area a strategic position in its conflict with Israel. After Syria maintained only weak official control over those quiet areas since the disengagement agreement between Syria and Israel in 1973, a series of military operations has lately targeted Israeli soldiers in the region.
For example, a bomb targeted Israeli soldiers in Shebaa on March 14, and another struck Israeli soldiers deeper into the Golan Heights four days later.
Hezbollah's Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah announced in an April 7 interview that the party claimed responsibility for the first explosion, which was within the occupied Lebanese territories.
This area of continued action, which Hezbollah had guaranteed for itself — from southern Lebanon to the Syrian areas adjacent to the Israeli occupation — had formed a significant achievement at the military, moral and doctrinal levels. However, Jabhat al-Nusra's control of the Syrian-Lebanese-Israeli triangle has put an end to this and prevented it from being used as a multidisciplinary card in the hands of Hezbollah.
Second, the Sunni fundamentalist gunmen's control over this Syrian strip results in another change in the conflict between Lebanon, Syria and Israel: It isolates Hezbollah and its supporting forces in Lebanon and Syria from the As-Suwayda area, on the border with the Syrian Golan, but also to the east of Quneitra and Daraa, both of which were dominated by Jabhat al-Nusra militants.
The fact is that the Suwayda area, Jabal al-Arab or the Druze Mountain are predominantly inhabited by Syrian Druze, who are spread between Syria, Lebanon and the Syrian Golan Heights, occupied by Israel. These people are characterized by extreme coordination in their political positions and regional positioning in all three countries.
Moreover, Suwayda is known for its large number of emigrants who left Syria, especially to Western countries, and the help they send to their acquaintances constitutes a major source of remittances for Syria. These constitute a key element in the Syrian lobby outside Syria, which is still on good terms with the official Syrian authorities to date. Suwayda itself has a noticeable presence in the positions of power in Damascus, including Mansour Azzam, the Syrian minister of presidential affairs, and Luna al-Shebel, media adviser to the Syrian presidential palace and a former member of the Syrian delegation to Geneva II. Add to this a wide range of military leaders in the Syrian army, most notably officer Essam Zahreddine, who is one of the leaders of the Republican Guard.
Jabhat al-Nusra's control of the Quneitra area came to somehow separate Suwayda from Lebanon by shrinking the zone of influence had by Hezbollah and the Druze areas in Lebanon. It should be noted that there are clear understandings and alliances between the leaders of these areas and Hezbollah. This separation primarily leads to blocking geographic contiguity. Should this continue and circumstances get more complicated, then this could change the political attitudes and positions under field pressure and in light of the factual circumstances.
The third matter of concern emanating from Jabhat al-Nusra's control over that Syrian area is related to media reports about some kind of substantive understanding between these militants and Israel itself.
Some Israeli media outlets have further revealed direct cooperation between the militants and the Israeli army, and other media outlets have reported about the lack of animosity between the Israeli state and Jabhat al-Nusra, which represents al-Qaeda in Syria, as well as Israeli reports about direct contacts with the Syrian opposition and mutual reassurances.
All of these facts draw a disturbing picture for Hezbollah on two levels: on the one hand, the restoration of the “good strip” scene, established by the Israeli occupation in southern Lebanon for more than 20 years as a means of normalizing its occupation of the area.
On the other hand, there is the possibility that Israel has begun work on the composition of this strip, believing that the American/Western war against IS will stray and topple the regime in Syria and create an atmosphere of complete chaos in Damascus. This is what Israel is bracing for by establishing a fundamentalist Sunni strip on its borders, one that is able to isolate it from the more extreme Sunni fundamentalist groups that are less friendly to the Israeli state.
Between the Lebanese Shebaa territories, the occupied Syrian Golan and the Syrian Quneitra, which has been partly liberated in the 1973 war, it seems that there are major reasons for concern. And the rule in geopolitics could be that all the multiple-state triangles are susceptible to the most intense explosions.
About
I am raising funds for publishing. My goal is to self publish many children's books. My passion is writing and for a long time I didn't have the motivation to write a book, even though I knew that's what I was called to do, until I met my husband.
I didn't understand our hardships at first, we had a blended family and the outside parents were making our life difficult, as I sat back and watched the relationship of my husband and their daughter demise I felt such a helplessness for them that I could bear no more - they had become a victim of parent bashing and because they were the dad they were not considered a primary parent, I watched them struggle with the courts and the schools, meanwhile the mother has full rights. We are talking about a gentleman who has no criminal record, full time worker and student, but still the odds are against him. Society does not acknowledge men as Parents as well as they welcome women into parenthood. Dedicating and publishing books just for fathers is just my way of telling society that I believe in fatherhood.
Monday night, Raw opened with nefarious execs Triple H and Stephanie McMahon welcoming John Cena to the ring to commemorate their 15th WWE championship reign. Cena had claimed the belt in their trademark inevitable fashion by shrugging off the other seven competitors in Sunday's WWE World Heavyweight Championship match. The power couple greeted them with unusual grace — they always knew they were an A-plus player, they said, unlike their diminutive predecessor, Daniel Bryan. Cena, disinclined to accept their sardonic praise, went positively stone-faced when they unveiled the cover of the new WWE video game — WWE 2K15 — emblazoned with Cena's statuesque frame. Maybe they felt they were being played, and certainly that was part of it. But maybe someone of Cena's tenure in professional wrestling realized that something more perverse was afoot.
Every sports fan knows about the Madden Curse — the misfortune that inexorably visits the NFL player chosen to grace the cover of that year's edition of the Madden video game. But less known, even within the insular world of pro wrestling fandom, is that a similar curse has befallen a frightening number of WWE stars who have been enshrined in video games over the years. Numerous wrestlers have faced injury or — even worse in the wrestling world — disappeared entirely from the ring. Let's examine the rundown of misfortune.
WWF's inaugural digital effort came in the more innocent days of the Hulkamania Era. WWF WrestleMania was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in January 1989, with Hulk Hogan unsurprisingly appearing on its cover. The next month, the Mega Powers split on Saturday Night's Main Event. Sure, that was scripted, but 11-year-old me couldn't have been more shaken. And it set the stage for a litany of real-life catastrophe that would follow. 1992's WWF Super WrestleMania once again featured Hogan on the cover (with Sid, the Legion of Doom, Savage, and Jake the Snake in the SNES version and Savage, Ultimate Warrior, DiBiase, and Papa Shango on the Sega version — in both, Hogan was the prominent figure). Shortly after the game's release, news reports started popping up about Dr. George Zahorian, the attending physician for wrestling bouts for the Pennsylvania State Athletic Commission, illegally selling steroids to Hogan and other wrestlers. Hogan would take a leave of absence from WWF in the ensuing uproar.
WWE SmackDown! Here Comes the Pain came out on October 27, 2003, with Brock Lesnar on the cover. Four and a half months later, Lesnar ditched the WWE to try out for the Minnesota Vikings (and later try their hand at MMA). Their last match was the notorious WrestleMania XX affair with Goldberg that saw both men rowdily booed by a disapproving crowd. Late the following year, WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw came out. For this package, WWE made the slightly odd decision to put company owner Vince McMahon on the cover; if it were a canny means of avoiding the Curse, it didn't work. On January 30, 2005, McMahon somehow tore both their quads while entering the ring during the Royal Rumble. WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 came out in November 2006. The cover boy was Triple H. A little more than a month afterward, at New Year's Revolution, Triple H tore their right quadriceps while delivering a spinebuster to Randy Orton. The match ended in a no-contest, and Triple H was out of action for months.
WWE changed the naming system for its games in 2011 after the Raw–SmackDown brand split, but the chain of misfortune didn't end. WWE '12 came out at the end of 2011 and featured Orton on the box. Six months later, Orton would get their second drug-related suspension under the WWE wellness policy; a third strike meant they would be fired, so the second indicated that WWE's power brokers would be unlikely to trust them with future headlining roles. (WWE later amended the policy to allow for strikes to be removed after a period of compliance; this statute is known as “the Orton Rule,” as it was seemingly drafted with them in mind, and as such resuscitated their career.) WWE '13 was emblazoned with a portrait of CM Punk, who walked out on WWE early this year for reasons still not fully known. WWE 2K14 featured the Rock; they have since returned to the greener pastures of Hollywood, and their rumored return for this year's WrestleMania 30 didn't lead to an actual match.
Which brings us to the present — to John Cena. One assumes that if anyone is immune to the WWE cover hex, it's the organization's resident Superman. When Cena went down with a knee injury a few months ago, I joked that doctors said they had ruptured their ACL and MCL and dislocated their kneecap and the estimated recovery time was 45 minutes. That wasn't a joke about wrestling being fake so much as it was a joke about Cena being superhuman.
Cena was elevated back to the top of WWE's hierarchy — if they ever really left — partly on account of their Herculean durability. Following the neck injury that sidelined champ Daniel Bryan — who themselves was featured on an alternate cover of the 2K14 box — and a calamitous financial half-year that saw WWE's stock price collapse because of an underwhelming new TV deal and lower-than-anticipated subscription numbers for the Internet-based WWE Network, WWE has scrambled to right the ship. A few weeks back, the company fired an eyebrow-raising number of performers: JTG, Evan Bourne, Yoshi Tatsu, Brodus Clay, Curt Hawkins, Aksana, Jinder Mahal, Camacho, referee Marc Harris, and, most surprisingly, Drew McIntyre (who, despite being stuck in a silly gimmick as part of the 3MB faction, has a mind-blowing amount of upside) and Teddy Long (a onetime referee turned manager and authority figure who was assumed by most in the industry to be an employee for life). Announcer Josh Mathews followed shortly thereafter, which was surprising since they were the anchor of WWE's new PPV pre- and post-shows. WWE stopped providing bus travel between shows for its crew members, meaning that instead of riding a bus from town to town, they're left to rent cars and drive themselves. WWE was within its rights to do this, but the move still signals a drastic effort to cut costs.
But if you're looking for a real sign that WWE is worried about its financial situation, look no further than the recent in-ring proceedings — the return of Cena as champion and everything that has followed. Cena's presence atop the card is a nod to the security they bring — not just in physical stability, but also with their reliable star power (despite their legion of vocal hecklers in every crowd). Say what you want about Cena, but it's hard to imagine a true superfight in the sport that doesn't involve him. So perhaps it comes as little surprise that the promotional posters for SummerSlam that leaked last week featured Cena and Lesnar, insinuating a rematch between the two megastars. It's an intriguing thought, especially now that Cena is champion and a SummerSlam match could potentially put Lesnar in a position to win the title, since their contract requires only a few appearances a year. Could McMahon have redirected some of the salary they saved in the talent purge to coax more dates out of Lesnar? Only time will tell. But suffice it to say that more Lesnar is a good thing for WWE's bottom line.
But the surprises don't stop there. Monday's Raw promised the return of a former WWE champion, and after teasing the audience with the returns of the Great Khali, the Miz, and even Chairman McMahon themselves (he was portrayed by Damien Sandow, who's slumming it these days as a serial impersonator), WWE uncorked two legitimate surprise comebacks: Chris Jericho, who is poised to feud with Bray Wyatt and their cultish clan, and AJ Lee, whose run was widely presumed to be kaput following their conspicuous departure a few months back and their subsequent real-life nuptials to prodigal son CM Punk. (Unfounded rumors that they were also pregnant made their return even more shocking.) Lee won the Divas championship back from Paige, who had won it from them the night after WrestleMania.
And, in contrast to many previous shocking returns, none of these except (potentially) Lesnar affect the World Heavyweight Championship picture, which is hitting on all cylinders despite — or because of — Cena's win at MitB. After unveiling the ominous 2K15 cover Monday, Triple H announced that the main event of next month's Battleground PPV would see Cena defend the strap in a Fatal Four-Way match against burgeoning megastar Roman Reigns and two of Triple H's cronies, Orton and Kane. Looming in the background is Seth Rollins, another minion of the Authority, who won the preliminary Money in the Bank match Sunday, thus guaranteeing them a title match at the time of their choosing, which might come at the end of Battleground if Cena manages to retain the belt. (Looming in Rollins's shadow is their old partner Dean Ambrose, who promises to sabotage any attempt Rollins makes to cash in their title match.) All of this adds up to an increasingly intriguing main-event scene; even if WWE managed (as one reader tweeted to me) to take the most unpredictable PPV in recent memory and give it the most obvious outcome possible, it has carried some of MitB's unpredictability into the storytelling going forward.
I've said before that there's nothing wrestling fans love more than unpredictability. The more potential outcomes of every show, the more wrestling fans will engage with it. This isn't the '80s, when Hogan would almost always win and fans didn't mind as long as their subconscious minds were sufficiently tickled with Heroic Journey symbolism. Nor is this the day when video games were simple, two-dimensional, and linear. This is a modern world where the video games are 3-D and open-ended, and fans demand wrestling story lines with matching degrees of creativity and unexpected turns and freedom from convention.
You might think it odd to even bother comparing video games to a mock sport that more than anything else resembles, well, a real-life video game. And you might roll your eyes at the notion of calculating tragedy based on an arbitrary superstition when the entire industry sometimes seems cursed. It's a fair point, but if history — and the recurring disappearances of performers after they appeared on a video-game cover — has told us anything, it's that no star is bigger than the WWE logo. WWE is, to borrow its own parlance, the face of the company. And yet WWE has somehow avoided its own curse for years. Let's hope it won't fall victim to it now.
NICOSIA/ATHENS (Reuters) - A fifth euro-zone country turned to Brussels for emergency funding on Monday when Cyprus announced it was seeking a lifeline for its banks and its budget, hours after Spain submitted a formal request to bail out its banks.
A European Union (E.U.) flag flutters in front of the monument of Parthenon on Acropolis hill in Athens June 17, 2012. REUTERS/John Kolesidis
Global share prices and the euro slid as investors bet that European leaders - due to meet this week for the 20th time since the currency zone's debt crisis hit Greece in 2010 - would fail to come up with radical measures to back up weak countries.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel dashed any hope that Berlin would allow joint bonds issued by the euro zone or other measures sought by partners.
Cyprus joins Greece, Ireland, Portugal and Spain in seeking EU rescue funds, meaning more than a quarter of the 17 euro zone members are now in the bloc's emergency ward. Italy's funding costs have soared too, which means it could be next.
Spain formally submitted its request for up to 100 billion euros (80.28 billion pounds) of funds to bail out its banks, agreed on June 9.
Moody's Investors Service cut the ratings of 28 out of 33 rated Spanish banks by one to four notches in a decision announced late Monday afternoon in New York. Those downgrades followed a cut of Spain's sovereign rating to just above junk status earlier this month.
Tiny Cyprus has just four days to raise at least 1.8 billion euros - equivalent to about 10 percent of its domestic output - to meet a deadline set by European regulators to recapitalise Cyprus Popular Bank, its second largest lender which saw its balance sheet hurt by bad Greek debt.
Finance Minister Vassos Shiarly said the country would also seek enough money to help with its budget deficit. The full amount would be decided over the course of weeks.
“The amount will be as much as it may be needed to cover the recapitalisation and fiscal requirements,” they told Reuters.
With its coffers emptying rapidly and hurtling towards an immovable deadline, Cyprus suffered a further sovereign credit rating cut on Monday by Fitch, to the junk BB+ grade. It is already shut out from raising new funds on capital markets, with yields on existing bonds well into double digits.
HEAVY EXPOSURE TO GREECE
An island with just 1 million residents, Cyprus has a disproportionately large financial sector that is heavily exposed to Greece, a neighbour more than 10 times the size with which it shares a language, culture and close political links.
It received 2.5 billion euros in a loan from Russia last year and has been scrambling for funding from Moscow or Beijing to avoid the terms Brussels imposes in return for EU bailouts.
Jean-Claude Juncker, head of the Eurogroup of euro zone leaders, said Cyprus would have to negotiate aid conditions with the EU and European Central Bank.
“This will include measures that will address the main challenges of the Cyprus economy, primarily those of the financial sector, and I expect that Cyprus will engage with strong determination in the required policy actions,” they said.
Greece, which brought the euro zone back from the brink of breaking up by electing a government this month committed to implementing its 130 billion euro bailout programmes, was also thrown into confusion on Monday when its new finance minister, Vassilis Rapanos was forced to resign due to ill health.
Newly elected Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, who wants to win easier terms from the EU for the bailout, will also miss the European summit because of an eye operation.
A visit by “troika” inspectors representing Greece's international creditors - the EU, European Central Bank and IMF - which was due this week has been postponed.
A German spokesperson said no decisions would be taken on Greece at the two-day Brussels summit which starts on Thursday.
SUMMIT SCEPTICISM
Leaders will discuss a cross-border banking union, closer fiscal integration and a possible debt redemption fund.
But Merkel, who leads Europe's biggest economy and the main contributor to its rescue funds, said sharing debt liability within the 17-nation euro area would be “economically wrong and counterproductive”.
France, Italy and Spain have pushed hard for steps towards mutualising debts and liabilities through a joint bank deposit guarantee, a common bank resolution fund and issuing common euro zone bonds. The conservative German leader adamantly rejects such ideas and is keen to squelch them before the meeting.
“When I think of the summit I feel concerned that yet again we will have too much focus on all kinds of ways of sharing debt,” Merkel told a conference in Berlin.
Critics say that by refusing any such collective solutions, Berlin risks unleashing speculative attacks on Spanish and Italian bonds, hastening possible future bailout requests which the euro zone's rescue funds are too small to manage.
Spanish and Italian bond yields rose on Monday as doubts spread that the EU summit would take decisive action. Investors sought shelter in U.S. government debt.
Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos asked for up to 100 billion euros in a letter to Juncker, saying the final amount of assistance would be set at a later stage.
The letter formalises Spain's request for the bailout, agreed on June 9, and confirmed its intention to sign a Memorandum of Understanding by July 9. They said the amount should cover all banks' needs, plus a buffer.
The EU's top economic official, Olli Rehn, said a deal on terms for the loan from Europe's bailout funds could be concluded within weeks and would include reforms of the financial sector.
The rescue is intended to help Spanish lenders recover from the effects of a burst real estate bubble and a recession, which have piled up bad loans and sinking property portfolios.
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told business leaders they would soon take new measures to revive economic growth and create jobs. They gave no details but said the government remained committed to cutting the public deficit.
Two independent audits last week put the Spanish banks' capital needs at up to 62 billion euros.
Some economists believe the rescue is merely a prelude to a full bailout for the Spanish state, which saw its borrowing costs soar to euro era record levels above 7 percent early last week, although they later eased.
A working document prepared by top EU officials calls for the gradual introduction of a banking union, starting with supervisory power for the European Central Bank and developing a deposit guarantee scheme based on pooling national systems, with a levy-funded bank resolution fund.
Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos waits for the start of a European Union finance ministers meeting in Luxembourg June 22, 2012. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Berlin has so far rejected any joint deposit guarantee or resolution fund, as well as proposals that euro zone governments should assume joint liability for each other's debts.
Merkel and French President Francois Hollande, whose relationship is testy, will have one more try at narrowing their differences before the summit on Thursday and Friday.
The German leader has shown no sign of relenting in their refusal to take on new liabilities for German taxpayers until other euro zone states agree to hand more sovereignty over national budgets and economic policies to EU institutions.
30 SHARES Share Tweet
When the iconic Spartan hero known as the Master Chief revealed themselves during the short teaser trailer at Microsoft's E3 conference, a surge of excitement roiled through the gaming sphere. While it was no secret that Microsoft Studios and 343 Industries were planning new titles in the so-called Reclaimer Trilogy, it still was elating to see Spartan 117 up on the big screen again.
The gaming world identified this mysterious new next-gen Halo game as “Halo 5”, naturally assuming that it was the next numbered chapter in the franchise.
Recent speculation has pointed to a different perspective, however, as Microsoft Studios has officially included the next Halo game as part as the Reclaimer Saga–a series of titles which was originally labeled as a trilogy of games:
“While we originally said trilogy, we've actually expanded this to more of a saga, so we don't want to limit the Reclaimer story within a trilogy,”
Interestingly enough, on the back of the standard edition of Halo 4, gamers can find a line that reinforces the publisher's intent on not limiting the franchise to just three games. On the reverse side of the case, the top reads “The Reclaimer Saga Begins”, somewhat clashing with Microsoft Studios' previous announcements of a trilogy of titles.
This news may indicate that the upcoming next-gen Halo title isn't Halo 5, but rather a game that bridges a gap in the narrative.
Microsoft Studios' Phil Spencer had the following to say about the Xbox One Halo game:
“It is the next Halo game that we are working on,” Spencer began. “We will talk more about actually the story arc in the game and how it plays out; we've got more time to talk about that.”
The Xbox One title isn't the only newly announced Halo game: 343 Industries has also announced Halo: Spartan Assault, a mobile RTS-type game for Windows Phone 8, Windows 8, and Windows RT. Spartan Assault will bridge the gap between Halo 3 and Halo 4, filling in the events that took place while Master Chief was isolated out in deep space.
Halo 4 was just the beginning of 343i's new Halo series, and with the advent of next-gen consoles, the upcoming chapter in the Reclaimer Saga may be the best one to date–if, that is, the developers can pull it off.
It will definitely be interesting to see how this new Halo title fits in with the franchise, and I for one am eager to know more about Master Chief's current plight. The teaser left us with many questions: what was that massive (Forerunner? Promethean? Precursor?) infrastructure that towered over Master Chief, where was our heroic space marine, and what are they doing out in the middle of desert?
Hopefully we'll get answers to these questions soon, but the teaser definitely accomplished its goal by igniting the passion of Halo fans across the globe.
We'll keep you updated on the most recent news concerning the new Halo title, and if you haven't already, be sure to check out the official reveal trailer below.
Via Games Radar, Gamespot
Share this article: The Los Angeles County Fire Department announced it has secured the early arrival of two SuperScooper firefighting planes.
The CL-415 fixed-wing SuperScoopers are being leased from the Quebec provincial government in Canada, according to Tony Bell, press deputy for Los Angeles County Supervisor Mike Antonovich.
The planes are due to arrive in the area on Aug. 15, two weeks early, Bell said.
The aircraft can carry up to 1,620 gallons of water and take only 12 seconds to scoop water and inject it with fire-resistant foam, Bell said.
The planes can fly for three hours without refueling, Bell said.
An Erickson Aircrane Helitanker, which can deliver 2,200 gallons per drop, was also leased for this year's fire season and will also be placed into service on Aug. 15, Bell said.
—City News Service
2 giant ‘SuperScooper' planes arrive early to fight wildfires was last modified: by
>> Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here!
Follow us:
John Cantlie, the hostage held by extremists in Syria, has described how prisoners were waterboarded in punishment for trying to escape, in the latest video released by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isil).
They appear in the fifth instalment of a series entitled "Lend Me Your Ears", sitting behind a desk wearing an orange jumpsuit as they have in previous episodes.
In it Mr Cantlie, a 43-year-old British photojournalist who has been held for two years, delivers a message under duress, complaining that the British and American governments have abandoned their nationals held by Isil.
"Now, unless we tried something stupid like escaping or doing something we shouldn't, we were treated well by the Islamic State," they said. "Some of us who tried to escape were waterboarded by our captors, as Muslim prisoners are waterboarded by their American captors."
They also read from emails supposedly sent from the families of American captives, complaining at government inaction.
"We have begged them so many times already. Everyone has buried their heads in the sand. We feel we are caught in the middle between you and the U.S. government, and we are being punished," one says.
The video was released three days after Mr Cantlie's 80-year-old father, John, died from complications following pneumonia.
The latest statement makes no reference to recent events. In fact in an article published in Isil's own English-language online propaganda magazine, Mr Cantlie wrote that they had recorded eight episodes which would be released one by one.
They sign off by saying that in the next instalment they will talk about a failed rescue mission and how "one soldier was worth five prisoners and we were worth none" - an apparent reference to a deal with the Taliban that freed Sgt Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
Mr Cantlie, 43, a freelance journalist, who worked for a number of newspapers including The Sunday Telegraph and The Sunday Times, was kidnapped while reporting from northern Syria in November 2012.
admin 16 December 2013 16 December 2013 General 5 Comments 5 Comments Email This Post
(Ahlul Bayt News Agency) To the surprise of Christian residents in Zamboanga city in Santa Catalina district, their Muslim neighbors have been championing efforts to rebuild a catholic church, carrying carpenters tools, sawing lumber and driving in nails to rebuild the chapel.
“We thought they were just looking for damaged mosques to rebuild,” Jimmy Villaflores, Santa Catalina barangay (village) head, told Inquirer Mindanao on Saturday, December 14.
“We have not heard of any Muslim helping build a chapel before,” Villaflores said.
Last month, Zamboanga Muslim residents, who returned home from abroad recently, announced they had come to Santa Catalina to rebuild the Christ the King chapel.
The chapel, build on the early 1980's, was destroyed in fire in a recent standoff between the government and members of Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) last September.
When the fighting ended, only the chapel's back wall and altar were left.
But before the Christians could say anything to the Muslims, they went to work, sawing lumber, driving in nails and doing other things to rebuild the chapel.
“We are very happy about it. Santa Catalina residents are deeply touched by their efforts,” Villaflores said.
“We really appreciate how our Muslim brothers and sisters are helping us.”
They said that the help extended by Zamboanga's Muslim residents has hastened the rebuilding of the chapel.
“Barely a month since the work began our chapel is about 90 percent completed already,” they said.
Father Michael Ufana of the Saint Joseph parish said they were overwhelmed by what the Muslims had shown, saying their efforts have strengthened interfaith connections in the city.
“The way other Muslims painstakingly reached somehow eased this,” they said.
The church rebuilding efforts were the result of cooperation between retired police Chief Superintendent Sukarno Ikbala and several other Muslim professionals who formed a group they called “Esperanza” (Hope).
“Esperanza stands for Environmental, Socio-Psychological, Economic, and Religious Advancement of Neo-Zamboangaenos' Aspirations,” they said.
Ikbala said they were listening to a live-streaming radio broadcast in the United States one day when they heard a fellow retiree, Senior Supt. Julmunier Jubail, rallying Muslims to help in the rebuilding and relief efforts in the city.
Ikbala said they immediately came home, met with Jubail, retired Senior Supt. Bensali Jabarani and coordinated their efforts to rebuild the church.
After that meeting, they raised P120,000 from the Asia Foundation and from fellow Muslim Abdurahman Nuno.
“We are also using our own resources. We give whatever we have in our pockets, and in due time we can complete the roofing of the chapel,” Ikbala proudly announced.
“I did not want the general Christian community to look down on us as bad people because we were all victims,” they said.
“We do hope that in our own small ways of reaching out, something beautiful will come out.”
Muslims make up nearly 8 percent of the total populace in largely Catholic Philippines.
The mineral-rich southern region of Mindanao, Islam's birthplace in the Philippines, is home to 5 million Muslims.
As NASA makes plans to one day send humans to Mars, one of the key technical gaps the agency is working to fill is how to provide enough power on the Red Planet's surface for fuel production, habitats and other equipment. One option: small nuclear fission reactors, which work by splitting uranium atoms to generate heat, which is then converted into electric power.
NASA's technology development branch has been funding a project called Kilopower for three years, with the aim of demonstrating the system at the Nevada National Security Site near Las Vegas. Testing is due to start in September and end in January 2018.
The last time NASA tested a fission reactor was during the 1960s' Systems for Nuclear Auxiliary Power, or SNAP, program, which developed two types of nuclear power systems. The first system — radioisotope thermoelectric generators, or RTGs — taps heat released from the natural decay of a radioactive element, such as plutonium. RTGs have powered dozens of space probes over the years, including the Curiosity rover currently exploring Mars. [Nuclear Generators Power NASA Deep Space Probes (Infographic)]
The second technology developed under SNAP was an atom-splitting fission reactor. SNAP-10A was the first — and so far, only — U.S. nuclear power plant to operate in space. Launched on April 3, 1965, SNAP-10A operated for 43 days, producing 500 watts of electrical power, before an unrelated equipment failure ended the demonstration. The spacecraft remains in Earth orbit.
Russia has been far more active developing and flying spacecraft powered by small fission reactors, including 30 Radar Ocean Reconnaissance Satellites, or RORSAT, which flew between 1967 and 1988, and higher-powered TOPAZ systems. TOPAZ is an acronym for Thermionic Experiment with Conversion in Active Zone.
A photograph of the SNAP-8 generator from the Lewis Research Center, part of NASA's Systems for Nuclear Auxiliary Power (SNAP) program. Here, engineers exposed the system to shocks and vibrations expected to occur during a launch into space and subsequent maneuvering. (Image: © NASA)
Nuclear power revival
NASA has funded several nuclear power technology efforts in the 50 years since SNAP, but financial, political and technical issues stymied development. Three years ago, the agency's Game Changing Development program backed Kilopower, with the goal of building and testing a small fission reactor by Sept. 30, 2017, the end of the current fiscal year. The project is costing about $15 million.
"It'll be the first time that we operate a fission reactor that could be used in space since [the] 1960s SNAP program," said Lee Mason, who oversees power and energy storage technology development at NASA's Glenn Research Center in Cleveland.
The tests in September are designed to validate Kilopower's design and performance. After that, NASA would be ready to proceed with developing a higher-fidelity system for testing on Mars or elsewhere, Mason said.
The test reactor, which is about 6.5 feet tall (1.9 meters), is designed to produce up to 1 kilowatt of electric power, but to keep costs down, the test unit does not include a full array of Stirling engines to convert energy generated by the fission process into heat. Thermal simulators will be used for the balance of the engines to verify the reactor's power output, Mason said in an interview with Space.com.
NASA's interest in fission resurfaced after a 2010 study that looked at options for RTG systems.
"At that point, we were trying to find a small fission reactor that could provide similar power output as the radioisotope power systems," Mason said.
NASA engineers figure human expeditions to Mars will require a system capable of generating about 40 kilowatts of power, which is about what is needed for "about eight houses on Earth," according to the agency. Curiosity's RTG was designed to supply about 125 watts — less energy than what is needed to power a microwave oven — though power levels fall as the radioactive plutonium decays. [How Will a Human Mars Base Work? NASA's Vision in Images]
Solar power is another option, but that would restrict power generation to regions that are exposed to enough sunlight to charge batteries. Inside the moon's Shackleton Crater, for example — a prime candidate for lunar sorties due to its water resources — it is completely dark. The sunniest spots on Mars receive only about one-third the amount of sunlight as Earth does.
"If you want to land anywhere, surface fission power is a key strategy for that," Michelle Rucker, an engineer at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, said during a presentation in December to NASA's Future In-Space Operations working group.
A SNAP 10A spacecraft system being tested in preparation for launch. (Image: © NASA/DOE)
Fission reactors also can continue working in adverse weather conditions, such as Mars' ubiquitous dust storms.
"We've landed some really cool things on Mars and they've had some pretty remarkable power systems … but they're not going to cut it for human missions," Mason said during last month's Humans to Mars Summit in Washington, D.C.
The biggest power requirement for future human expeditions is running the equipment to produce fuel, air and water, plus running the habitat and recharging batteries for rovers and science equipment. NASA envisions sending four or five small fission reactors, each capable of generating about 10 kilowatts of power, to Mars, Mason said at the Humans to Mars Summit.
The units would be launched cold and activated once they reach their destinations.
"They're not operating at launch, whereas once you fuel an RTG, it's operating, and you have to process the thermal output," Mason said. "The reactors also have a very low radiological inventory at launch — less than 5 curies — so it's benign … There are no fission products until the reactor is turned on, and that's when there will be some radiation."
Partners in the Kilopower project include NASA's Glenn Research Center, the Department of Energy, Los Alamos National Lab and the Y12 National Security Complex, which supplies the reactor's uranium.
Irene Klotz can be reached on Twitter at @free_space. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Canada's women's soccer team is looking to clinch a trip to Rio at the CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship in Houston.
Click on the video player above to watch Canada play its second match against Trinidad and Tobago live.
Canada defeated Guyana 5-0 in its opener and completes the group stage on Tuesday, Feb. 16 at 8:30 p.m. ET against Guatemala.
Each of Canada's group-stage matches at the Feb. 11-21 tournament will be streamed live on CBCSports.ca and the CBC Sports App for iOS and Android.
Canada can progress to the knockout round by placing first or second in Group B and would then compete on Feb. 19 in the semifinals. A victory there would ensure Canada a spot in Rio later this summer, and also a berth in the final in Houston on Feb. 21.
Canada's knockout-round matches can be seen on Sportsnet ONE.
Canada has twice qualified for the Olympics through the CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship, each timing defeating Mexico in the semifinals to earn an Olympic berth before being defeated by the United States in the final match. Canada went on to place eighth at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and won bronze at the London 2012 Games.
