When it comes to ethical actions that go beyond slick marketing and corporate mission statements, Microsoft might be outperforming some of its rivals in the tech space.
Microsoft, Adobe, eBay, T-Mobile and Salesforce were a few of the tech companies that made Ethisphere's annual unranked list of the world's most ethical companies. These companies have been recognized for their "real and sustained ethical leadership" across various industries.
Google, whose "don't be evil" motto and highly visible social good activities give the company a friendly public face, wasn't on the list; the company was present on the list in 2010, 2009, 2008 but has since dropped off for reasons unstated by Ethisphere.
As far as we can tell, this is the first time Microsoft has been recognized by this group.
So, what could have put a tarnish on Google's ethical reputation? The ad network acquisition that raised eyebrows in the FTC? The huge lobbying budgets in a year of increased user privacy regulations? The patent lawsuit wherein Oracle claimed that parts of Android were not authorized for such use? The ongoing lawsuits over Google Books' copyright violations? Or the $8.5 million settlement of a class action lawsuit over Buzz and its violations of users' privacy?
In corporate America, issues like the ones we've stated above are rather run-of-the-mill — and Microsoft, Adobe, et al. certainly face similar and sometimes identical troubles. But as far as Ethisphere is concerned, Microsoft's combination of corporate philanthropy, responsibility, innovation for social good, and compliance with standards makes the grade for truly ethical corporate behavior.
Ethisphere contends that these more ethical companies not only have more sustainable businesses, but that they also financially outperform their competitors in the S&P 500 and other indices of publicly traded companies.
Image courtesy of Flickr, bfishadow.
A Parliament Hill staffer who attempted to give three Ottawa lobbyists a sneak peek at a confidential House of Commons report has been fired.
The trio were emailed a copy of the finance committee's draft report on budget consultations last week by a member of Tory MP Kelly Block's office.
Committee members had also received their copies of the report that day and were supposed to debate it before making its contents public to the entire House of Commons.
The Saskatchewan MP said she's since fired Russell Ullyatt and apologized for the breach, both to their committee colleagues and to the entire House.
Tory MP Kelly Block fired one of their staffers after they emailed a copy of the finance committee's draft report on budget consultations to three lobbyists. ((Kelly Block website))
But some members of the committee said the lobbyists weren't contacted quickly enough to be asked to destroy the documents and stop circulating them.
The confidential report had not yet been made available to the entire Commons, and MPs said their work has now been compromised and the three lobbyists given an unfair edge.
Flaherty concerned
They called on the Speaker of the House to declare that parliamentary privilege may have been breached and send the matter to a House committee for further study.
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty told reporters earlier in the day that they haven't seen the report and was concerned about the leak, because MPs should have first crack at the study's contents.
The report includes suggestions from the four political parties as well as analysis of the budgetary and economic situation of Canada, said New Democrat Thomas Mulcair, adding its contents could give lobbyists an unfair edge.
"If the party in power, with the three opposition parties, converges on unanimous opinion on important points, [and] if someone else had notice of that convergence weeks ahead of time and drew a logical inference that this would become one of government's economic positions, the lobbyist would get a clear net advantage," they told the House.
Tim Egan, president of the Canadian Gas Association and one of the lobbyists sent a copy of the report, didn't ask for an advance copy, according to a statement issued by the association late Tuesday.
"Neither Mr. Egan nor any employee of the Canadian Gas Association solicited, received or read a draft of the House of Commons standing committee on finance pre-budget consultation report," said the statement, which was emailed to The Canadian Press.
Lynne Hamilton, a vice-president at GCI Group, was also sent a copy of the report.
Hamilton replied to the staffer "I heart you," according to documents brandished by Liberal MP Paul Szabo in the House.
Denies asking for report
But Hamilton's colleague, Jamie Carroll, said they didn't ask to receive the report nor did they circulate the documents once they received them.
"It was destroyed as soon as they realized what it was," Carroll said.
The third lobbyist, Tactix Group's Clarke Cross, did not return a call for comment.
Cross used to work for two current Tory MPs, while Hamilton's bio trumpets their links with Conservative parties at the federal and provincial level.
Tom Lukiwski, the parliamentary secretary to the House leader, said there was no breach of parliamentary privilege.
They said the actions Block has already taken should suffice, considering that's what usually happens after a leak.
"When those unfortunate occurrences have taken place, the members in question who have breached confidentiality matters have risen in this place and delivered a heartfelt apology," they said.
"Those apologies every time have been accepted. There has been no breach of privilege found and the House and committees have moved on."
Miguel Sano's worst fears came true on Saturday morning.
The highly-touted third base prospects has a tear in their ulnar collateral ligament and will need Tommy John surgery. Sano will fly to Minnesota next week to have the surgery.
Sano was injured during Thursday's intrasquad game when they rushed a throw to retire Kurt Suzuki.
The ordeal goes back to the minor league season, when the elbow bothered them while they played for Class AA New Britain. It continued to bother them while they played for Estrellas of the Dominican Winter League, and the decision was made for them to rest for two weeks. They tired to throw after that and still in problems so, during the first week of November, the decision was made to shut them down for the remainder of the winter ball season because of the strained UCL.
During this time, Sano and their agent, Rob Plummer, sought a second opinion. So Sano headed to Birmingham, Ala., to be examined by world-renowned specialist Dr. James Andrews. Andrews agreed with the Twins, that Sano needed rest and rehabilitation.
Sano rested the elbow and then worked on strengthening it. They moved to Fort Myers in January to continue rehab. They had the elbow checked out while they were in town for TwinsFest, and given the go-ahead to proceed with normal progression to spring training.
The Twins were careful with Sano in some throwing drills. But they passed all the tests and was given the green light to play. They could go through all the drills they wanted but the real test would come during game action when they would have to make throws from different angels.
It didn't take long for them to be tested, as they had to hurry to make the play on Suzuki.
Tommy John rehab for position players isn't as extensive as pitchers, but indications are that Sano's season could be over.
It's a bummer for Twins fans who can't wait for the wave of the future to hit Target Field.
Check back here for more details. Also, Phil Miller will have the main story up later today.
Ken Dryden saw only 24 Washington Capitals shots on April 2, 1977, the Canadiens raining 42 on a shell-shocked Bernie Wolfe at the other end of the rink.
When the smoke had cleared that night, a forest fire having blazed in the Forum, the Habs were 11-0 winners, Wolfe was nursing a scorched neck from a goal light that was turned on seven times in the third period, and Dryden was the author of their 10th shutout of the season.
A nasty way to treat the homecoming Wolfe. The former Sir George Williams University goaltending star would go 0-for-18 lifetime against the Canadiens on some truly awful Capitals teams, beginning with a 9-3 loss on Dec. 6, 1975.
“Maybe management isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer,” Wolfe told me with a laugh during a 2004 talk. “Since I was from Montreal, they figured they'd start me against Montreal every game.”
If they listen carefully, nearly four decades after their cakewalk over the Caps, Dryden will hear a gentle knocking on their door this morning. And those would be the knuckles of Carey Price.
It's been since 1976-77 that a Canadiens goalie has recorded 10 shutouts in a season. With nine games remaining on the Habs schedule, Price's 2-0 whitewash Saturday of San Jose gives them a lifetime-best nine.
And their 40 victories, also a career high, have them two behind a share of their team's record in that category: Jacques Plante won 42 in 1955-56 and 1961-62, Dryden won the same number in 1975-76.
With their shutout of the Sharks, Price equalled the 34 lifetime unblemished games of Canadiens Hall of Famer Bill Durnan for fourth place on the team's all-time list. Next up: Dryden's 46, Plante's 58, and the distant 75 of early-era George Hainsworth.
You've been hearing for some time that this season is a career year for Price. It is no longer “just” that, of course. This one is sprinkled with stardust, one for the ages, something magical that's been fascinating to watch.
The 27-year-old from Anahim Lake, B.C., and most nights apparently from a planet not orbiting in this solar system, leads the NHL in wins (40), save percentage (. 938), goals-against average (1.86) and shutouts (nine, tied with Pittsburgh's Marc-André Fleury).
Sadly (typing this in the sarcasm font), Price's offensive game needs some work. He's in 22nd place in goaltender assists with only one, two off the pace of a leading group of five.
Last Thursday, unbuckling their pads following a 4-0 defeat of the Carolina Hurricanes, Price quietly let slip that their father, Jerry, had been in attendance, the third shutout their dad had seen live this season.
“He's retired. Where else do they have to be?” Price joked when it was suggested that they keep Jerry around for a bit.
Indeed, Price père was at the Bell Centre on Saturday for their son's second consecutive shutout, this one a 29-save effort featuring the usual assortment of sleight-of-hand stops.
It was not immediately clear whether Jerry would be in Nashville on Tuesday, when Price faces the Predators' Pekka Rinne in what has the potential to be a titanic goaltending duel.
“(Jerry) is going to move in for the playoffs,” Price's wife, Angela, suggested in the wake of their husband's ninth shutout, and they might even have been kidding.
Here's Price in goals-against and save percentage on a grander scale, accurate comparisons through the decades admittedly impossible given how everything has changed in hockey except for the net opening's 24 square feet:
If the season ended today, Price's goals-against would tie for the Canadiens' best in the so-called modern era. Hainsworth, in the 1920s, had seasons of 0.92, 1.05 and 1.47, and Georges Vézina was 1.47 in 1926-27; Jacques Plante is next best, with 1.86 in 1955-56.
Price's save percentage would be the team's best since the statistic has been kept, .007 better than José Theodore's .931 in 2001-02 — the year that Theo was voted winner of both the Hart and Vézina trophies as the NHL's most valuable player and best goaltender. Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
A decade ago, researching a half-century of NHL save percentages from 1954-55 to 2003-04, Goalies' World magazine charted Plante's .942 in 70 games with the 1970-71 Toronto Maple Leafs atop the list, followed by their .940 in 37 games with 1968-69 St. Louis.
The Blues' Brian Elliott had a .940 in their 38 games in 2011-12, Boston's Tim Thomas a .938 over 57 games the previous season. Now at .938, Price is in rarefied air.
In 1976-77, playing behind the Big Three of Larry Robinson, Serge Savard and Guy Lapointe on defence, Dryden earned 10 shutouts with a 2.14 average and .920 save percentage.
The Canadiens would steam into the playoffs that season to win the Stanley Cup, their second of four straight, in 14 games, only two over the minimum, sweeping St. Louis, beating the Islanders in six, then sweeping Boston in the final.
Dryden would earn four postseason shutouts — one against the Blues to open, two vs. the Islanders and their final vs. the Bruins in a Stanley Cup final sweep. Their 10 shutouts that year is in three-way tie for fourth place on the Canadiens' all-time list; they joined Durnan, who turned the trick in 1948-49, and Gerry McNeil, who had 10 in 1956-57.
Hainsworth had 1920s shutout seasons of 22 (the NHL record), 14 and 13, the trio at 10 immediately behind him.
Forget about their steely-eyed focus, positional play, lateral movement and puck-tracking, Price's best skill remains their deflections.
“I wouldn't be here without these guys,” they told reporters after Saturday's game, crediting their shot-blocking, crease-clearing, furiously backchecking teammates.
“Those are just the cold, hard facts. There's no other way to sugarcoat it. That's just the way it is.”
After a day off Sunday, the Canadiens will practise Monday morning in Brossard, then charter to Nashville, where on Tuesday the Habs will face the superb Predators.
Better than that, the game will pit Price against Rinne, who on Saturday blanked Buffalo and heading into Sunday's games was ranked second in wins, third in goals-against and fifth in save percentage.
Nine games to the finish will be about more than the Canadiens' jockeying for their playoff seed.
They will be, as this entire season has been in Montreal, about the magnificent play of a goaltender who in 2014-15 has proved they belong with the Habs' forever legends, icons Price is bringing back into focus night after puck-stopping night.
dstubbs@montrealgazette.com
twitter.com/dave_stubbs
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Abhisit is supporting efforts to unseat current PM Yingluck Shinawatra
Former Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has been formally charged with murder in connection with a crackdown on demonstrators in 2010.
More than 90 people died in clashes during the 2010 protests.
Mr Abhisit, who leads the opposition Democrat Party, denied the charges and was granted bail.
The indictment came as protests against current Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra continued, and protesters briefly entered Government House.
Protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban, who was Mr Abhisit's deputy in 2010, also faces charges but has asked the court to postpone their hearing.
Mr Abhisit and Mr Suthep were in power when thousands of supporters of ousted former leader Thaksin Shinawatra occupied parts of Bangkok. They authorised the army to clear the protesters.
The charges relate to the shooting deaths of a 43-year-old taxi driver and a 14-year-old during the crackdown.
Image copyright AP Image caption Protesters briefly stormed Government House on Thursday
Meanwhile, on Thursday, protesters briefly broke into Government House, and later cut off the office's power supply, reports said.
Anti-government protesters want Ms Yingluck to resign and for their government to be replaced with an unelected "People's Council".
They say that Mr Thaksin, who is also Ms Yingluck's brother, controls the ruling Pheu Thai party.
Mr Abhisit and other Democrat Party lawmakers resigned from parliament on Sunday so that they could join the protesters.
On Monday, Ms Yingluck dissolved parliament and announced general elections for 2 February, as 150,000 protesters surrounded Government House.
However, they have refused to resign before the elections.
Ms Yingluck's Pheu Thai party has a majority in parliament, and draws significant support from Thailand's rural areas. The party is seen as well-placed to win February's election.
However, protesters accuse it of using public funds irresponsibly to secure votes, including on a controversial rice subsidy scheme which hurt Thailand's exports.
Mr Thaksin, a polarising politician, is in self-imposed exile after they were overthrown in a military coup in 2006 and convicted of corruption.
D.D. Johnston reviews Brian Lavery's The Headscarf Revolutionaries, an account of a spontaneous campaign by fishermen's wives in Hull, which following the 1968 triple-trawler disaster forced major changes to UK shipping laws.
There are times when history seems to erupt in chorus. Sometimes the cause of synchronicity is obvious, as in the World War that preceded uprisings and revolutions from Clydeside to Moscow, or the economic collapse that by 2011 had sparked revolts as diverse as the English riots and the Arab Spring. At other times, the connections are harder to explain: why was 1848 the year that modernity clashed with feudalism across much of Europe and Latin America? Why did 1649 witness the Ormee of Bordeaux and The Diggers' colonies in England? Sometimes, it seems, there is simply something in the air.
The opening of 1968 was such a time. The Prague Spring coincided with the Civil Rights movement in the US, the anti-Vietnam War riot in Grosvenor Square, the March events in Poland, the occupation at Nanterre, and eventually the May Days in Paris. And to this list we can add the uprising of the Headscarf Revolutionaries, which has now been brilliantly documented in a new book by Brian Lavery.
The Headscarf Revolutionaries were a group of women, mainly fishermen's wives, who in the space of weeks forced major changes to UK shipping laws. Their rebellion was in response to a triple tragedy that devastated Hull's fishing community in three weeks at the start of 1968: in separate incidents, three trawlers were lost at sea and 58 fishermen died. Led by the charismatic Lillian Bilocca – known as Big Lil – the women embarked on a campaign of protest and direct action that, as John Prescott acknowledges in the book's foreword, ‘achieved more in weeks than unions and politicians ever did.'
Indeed, while Prescott, who had some involvement with the campaign as a young trade unionist, may be keen to celebrate what the women achieved, their rebellion had more in common with Danbert from Chumbawamba dowsing Prescott with water at the Brit Awards than it did with facilitating the banking crisis or invading Iraq.
This is one strand of Lavery's book. They tell with rich detail how the women rose up spontaneously and took on the authorities with imagination and courage – for instance, the PA system for an early meeting was rushed to the scene by a cabaret singer whose trawlerman father had died at sea four years earlier. The women were led by the fiery Big Lil, first to raise a petition, and soon to invade the docks to try to physically prevent unsafe ships from departing for sea. As Lil scuffled with police, three young seamen jumped ship preventing the vessel's departure and effectively initiating a wildcat strike. Quickly, Big Lil and their comrades were invited to London to present their ‘fishermen's charter' to the Fisheries Minister. Such was the strength of public opinion that its recommendations were immediately accepted, and that should have been the end of the matter – if only Big Lil had had promptly returned to their proper place.
In addition to writing an inspiring history of the Headscarf Revolutionaries, Lavery has also written a social history of a world that has largely ceased to exist. With a novelist's eye for colour and detail, they bring alive the fishing industry of the 1960s. Whether describing how the ventilation cowls on trawlers had to be coated with grease as weather protection, or the exact process of cod skinning, Lavery transports us to an unforgiving world of hard labour and macho conservatism. The scenes at sea are as vivid as anything in Hemingway or Melville, and winter conditions in Icelandic fishing waters make life at Alistair Maclean's Ice Station Zebra seem tame. It's difficult to imagine the hardships faced by ill-equipped men working 18-hour shifts hacking ice from ropes in force 12 gales on a night so cold it literally prevented speech. As a depiction of human courage and the triumph of willpower, the extraordinary story of the disaster's one survivor holds its own with Joe Simpson's Touching the Void or any survival epic.
This is already plenty for any book, but there's a third strand to Lavery's story. Lavery – a former newspaper man – pays great attention to the role of the media. These were the early days of late modernity, or postmodernity, or whatever we should call it, and the Headscarf Revolutionaries' rebellion was played out in the media as much as it was played out on the Hull docks. Lavery describes the media furore as Big Lil and the others were photographed by journalists from around the world. When they visited London, the Evening Standard led with ‘Big Lil hits town.' Marge Proops ran a feature on ‘The Real Big Lil' in the Daily Mirror, and even the Daily Mail carried a supportive front page lead. Lil was a guest on ITV's Eamonn Andrews Chat Show, and, as Lavery puts it, they ‘had the kind of press coverage a pop star would envy.' Even the phone conversation that reunited Rita Eddom with the one survivor – the husband she'd assumed was dead – was broadcast in full on the evening news.
What enabled this friendly reception was the power of public feeling, but also, perhaps, the stridently apolitical nature of the women's campaign. Lavery describes a very British rebellion, with that curiously British hostility towards political thinking. As Lil's comrade Yvonne put it, ‘I just want to get what I can for our men. I am not interested in unions or politics.' Lavery describes how the British public and media took Lil and the campaign into their hearts, but also how fickle that support was, and how quickly it was removed. At the time, there may not have been a phrase to describe the media's new power to create instant celebrity, but in the same week that Lil appeared on the Eamonn Andrews Show, Andy Warhol's first exhibition outside the US opened in Stockholm. In the programme for that exhibition, Warhol coined a phrase: ‘in the future,' they wrote, ‘everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes.'
Lil's 15 minutes were already up, and they paid a heavy price for their reluctance to retreat back to a woman's proper place. Despite – or because of – two decades of Keynesian economics, Britain in the ‘swinging sixties' remained deeply conservative; for instance, the Headscarf Revolution coincided with the government-supported ‘I'm backing Britain campaign,' which called on workers to work an extra half hour every day without pay. Lil never ascribed to any political ideology, but nor was they yet ready to be silent: when they addressed students at Hull University they advocated abolishing the Merchant Shipping Acts that prevented men from striking, and after addressing leftist students in Glasgow, the media misreported them as proposing a sex strike to force fishermen into militant action.
The end of Lil's story is a sad one. As ships were grounded due to safety laws, workers turned their anger against Lil. A barrage of vicious hate mail, often from those she'd done most to help, was sent to their home and to the press. The content of the hate mail was predictable, filled with class hatred and misogyny: they were fat, common, and – worst of all – a woman. They were sacked from their job as a fish skinner and blacklisted from the industry. When the TGWU formed a ‘wives association', which had a carefully restricted role, Lil was pointedly excluded. But in any case the industry she'd helped to transform was soon all but gone. By 1975, the industry had become unprofitable as the EEC introduced fishing quotas and cod wars escalated with Iceland. Plus, as Lavery notes, ‘In a cruel irony the expense of all the safety measures the women had won had added to owners' costs.' Many of the workers were deemed casual employees, and thus, even after decades of service, were ineligible for redundancy or any financial compensation. It was a blow from which Hull is still recovering.
Analysing the events Lavery describes, one might reach two reasonable but contradictory conclusions. Pessimistically, one might note – as John Prescott accepted once in power – that capitalism can't be reformed. More optimistically, one might add that direct action gets the goods – in a few weeks a few women won changes that for their sector were at least as significant as the concessions earned a few months later by millions of French workers who rendered the state helpless and momentarily forced the government to abdicate.
Lavery largely resists analysis, describing events with impassioned objectivity. The book is meticulously researched and their admiration for Lil and the campaign is most revealed by their commitment to understanding the community he's writing about and describing events as fully and accurately as they can. They save their analysis for the afterword:
Lily's Headscarf Revolution may have been a naïve one. But it was a powerful action from the heart that caught the imagination of the world and shamed an industry and a government into action. Quote:
It's hard to disagree with that.
The Headscarf Revolutionaries is an enthralling read, a fitting tribute to an extraordinary woman, and an important addition to working class history.
The Headscarf Revolutionaries by Brian W. Lavery is published by Barbican Press in June.
Review by D.D. Johnston
http://ddjohnston.org
http://onlinewritingtips.com
Rather than sticking to the mainstream and well-known animes out there, sometimes I like to take a detour and check out something that may not have made any huge headlines on the anime scene but is a gem in its own right. For something that fits the profile, I'd like you to turn your attention to one of the dark horses of the sports anime genre – One Outs: Nobody Wins, But I!
Just a few samples out of the 20 volumes that you can enjoy reading
The stats:
This show is based on a manga written by Shinobu Kaitani (of “Liar Game” fame – if you haven't heard of this manga/tv show I will be writing a review of the manga in the near future) and was originally published for a seinen demographic in Business Jump. There are 20 volumes which were published from 1998 to 2006 and the anime was produced in 2008 by Madhouse (of “Death Note”, “The Girl that Leapt Through Time”, “One-Punch Man” – make sure to read the weekly reviews on the site – and “Black Lagoon” fame, to name a few). Although it purveys itself to be sports manga, it also falls under the psychological category due to the dual focus of the storyline – one aspect looks at the outcomes of the various games and the competition they face and the other looks at the psychology behind sports and how to take on opponents from a psychological standpoint. It's that new and fresh angle on the sports genre that made me take a second look and reconsider making this anime part of my collection – something I haven't regretted since.
Some of Madhouse's other, more notable, crowning achievements
The concept:
The straightforward pitch (pun!) is that of a regular sports anime where we have our protagonist team, the Lycaons, taking on various opposing teams as they try to make it to the top in the championships. Very cut and dry from that aspect but as I said, there is a dual focus with this story and so the plot seemingly divides into a number of various mini-storylines which are all perfectly interweaved to create an amazing show!
One of our main characters, Kojima Hiromichi, is a legendary baseball player who has had an amazing 21-year long career thus far with amazing batting averages that puts most of the old hands to shame. The only thing is that even though he's had this amazing individual success, they still haven't been able to win a championship with the Lycaons – something they desperately want to achieve before they have to retire from the game. Through a twist of fate (and a twist of a wrist), Kojima comes to meet the real star of the show – Tokuchi Toua. Tokuchi is a gambling man – whether it's at the casino or at a baseball game knows as “One Outs” – but their methods don't leave things in the hands of lady luck. Rather, they use their abilities to observe and read people to manipulate their thoughts and actions and use this to their advantage. It's at a “One Outs” game that Kojima gets to see the potential that this man holds to turn things around for the team and so after a one on one match up and a little bit of negotiation, Kojima gets Tokuchi to join the Lycaons.
Tokuchi Toua in a nutshell
Of course, nothing comes for free and Tokuchi deals directly with the owner of the team, Saikawa Tsuneo, to negotiate their own kind of “One Outs” contract. Tokuchi is a pitcher so the contract stipulates that the pitcher gains ¥5,000,000 (about US$46,000) for every out they pitch, but loses ¥50,000,000 (US$460,000) for every point they give up. To any rational person, that would seem like an insanely risky deal for the pitcher but a potentially lucrative one for the owner. Saikawa is no different and immediately agrees to Tokuchi's suggested contract, thinking that he's in for a big windfall, when really he's just in for some major headaches as Tokuchi slowly carves a path to victory for the Lycaons.
Making a deal with Tokuchi is like making a deal with the devil…
…a deal you will soon come to regret
The review:
I've referred to this anime as the dark horse of the sports genre and this is not an over-exaggeration. When I first came across this title sitting in the “sports” genre list I read the synopsis and wasn't immediately taken but the concept played on my mind and I went back to it and gave it a chance. A few episodes in and I was completely hooked. In fact, I could easily go back to that anime and watch it from start to finish again. I've watched it about 3 times now and I never tire of seeing how Tokuchi takes down opponents using the power of their mind. It sounds like they have a superpower of some kind, but really they are a psychological warfare expert. They use their surroundings including the people around him, the weather, various circumstances or just about anything to create either a false sense of security or a feeling of intense pressure against their opponents. And this is where the other focus of the show lies (the first being the progression of the team through the various games). For the most part, Tokuchi's opponents are those from the opposing team – whether it be the players or the coaches – but sometimes the biggest opponent they face is the one that is supposed to be on their side – the owner of the Lycaons. So there are various dynamics at play where Tokuchi has to put both their own interests and the interests of the team first whilst dealing with the man at their back that is trying to sabotage him. Sometimes you get the feeling that Tokuchi doesn't even do it for the money but for the fun of it all as they crush their competition and revels in their looks of despair.
The truth of the matter
Kaitani-sensei is obviously gifted when it comes to psychologically-based storylines but I will admit that their stories do require some effort and concentration on the part of the viewer. As much as you would like to kick back, relax and watch how the championship is won, you have to pay attention to the score and rotations in the game and, most importantly, the running tally of money owed to Tokuchi. In addition, there are also explanations with regard to the business end of baseball, including the profits and losses that can be incurred and what the influencing factors are, e.g. calculating profits from ticket sales at the home stadium versus the losses incurred by running a losing team. Although it sounds like additional work, this element is part of the reason you feel invested in the game.
Put on your thinking cap and keep a calculator handy
In terms of the production itself, Madhouse is one of my favourite studios and I find that they usually stay quite true to the manga's that they choose to adapt. The same applies to One Outs where they have maintained the style of Shinobu Kaitani whilst making it palatable for an animated setting since the art style of the mangas itself might not be as artistically finessed as some would like. The music is ideal for the show as well with a top OP and ED provided by J-rock bands Pay Money To My Pain and Tribal Chair and an OST that brings that “take me out to the ballgame” kind of feel. In terms of criticism, the one major sad point of the anime is that they don't see the championship through to completion. However they can be forgiven since there are a total of 20 volumes and only 25 episodes after all. They don't leave you on a cliffhanger as such but leave you wanting to see how it all turns out which, I'm sure, must have done wonders for manga sales after it aired.
Brains and talent make for a formidable opponent
Parting shot:
When you watch this show, you find yourself sitting in awe at how Tokuchi's mind works and how well they plan their attacks against their enemies and you get that feeling that as awesome as they are, he's also rather scary and is the kind of protagonist that you wouldn't want to cross. They take no prisoners and is merciless, but only because this is what they expect of their opponents – that they too will do whatever it takes to win. There are plenty of other characters, some of whom Tokuchi finds they can relate to somewhat and keeps them in the loop and others they use as pawns to both further the team and take on the enemy. With a friend like Tokuchi, do you really need enemies? Watching how their plans play out is definitely part of the fun so if you're into mind games and seeing how an absolute boss takes on the game of baseball whilst making a financial killing, then look no further than One Outs. And if you're wondering whether we ever get to see Tokuchi crack under the pressure? Well, I suppose you'd have to watch it to find out…
Image credits: Shueisha, Madhouse
(Visited 534 times, 1 visits today)
Sevilla FC have mastered the Europa League. Can they now take over La Liga and the Champions League?
Three consecutive Europa League titles. Five Europa League titles in ten seasons. Although there are certainly many different sides that can claim European glory during that span there are few who have had as much success during that time as Sevilla Football Club. The Red and Whites have turned the Europa League into their own personal playground dominating sides from all leagues and countries.
While the Europa League might not exactly be the Champions League it is certainly a quality football tournament. Need furtherproof? Here is a list of sides that Sevilla have beaten in their five title runs: Besiktas, Benfica, Borussia Monchengladbach, Feyenoord, Fiorentina, Lille, Liverpool, Porto, Shaktar Donetsk, Standard Liege, Tottenham Hotspur, and Zenit St. Petersburg. Not exactly lightweights.
But the question is now can Sevilla take the next step and become a dominant side in La Liga and the Champions League? They haven't won La Liga since 1946 and had a difficult run in league play last year (14-10-14, 52 points). Another magic run to the Europa League final hid the ugly end to their La Liga campaign: they lost six of their final ten matches and limped their way to an eighth place finish.
Even in Champions League play the club has struggled. Sevilla have never made it to beyond the Round of 16 in Europe's top club tournament. So the question is: can Sevilla break the glass ceiling?
Supporters will certainly hope so. With the addition of manager Jorge Sampaoli, Samir Nasri, and Ganso there is reason to believe that this side has the tools to make the jump in both competitions. But the fear is that with so many departures that the club just won't have the depth necessary to keep up.
So with that mind let's take a look at the three hopes and one fear of Sevilla FC.
Tomasz Kaye is a market anarchist and creator of the popular animated video “George Ought to Help“, which argues against the legitimacy of the state. Tomasz's approach to political philosophy is highly systematic. They begin with metaethical questions and, only after answering them, devises a political system that coheres with their metaethics. In this episode, we focus on those foundational questions. Tomasz is a “moral nihilist” – after explaining what that means and why he's convinced of it, we discuss the role that intuitions play in their ethics. We then explore their intuitions about property – both of one's body and of things – and what may logically follow from those intuitions.
Audio
Video
Next week: Tomasz Kaye, Pt. 2: The Mechanics of Market Anarchism
Special thanks to Jackie Blum for the podcast art, and The Tin Box for the theme music.
Topics discussed
0:20 – Intro to Tomasz Kaye
1:14 – Metaethics: intuitions and moral nihilism
13:20 – Foundational intuitions: property rights
17:01 – Significance of dualism
19:05 – Property and desert islands
24:27 – Socialization and elegance
Sources
“George Ought to Help” by Tomasz Kaye
“How to Make Peace with Moral Nihilism” by Tomasz Kaye
Rush Limbaugh is a distended gout-ridden white supremacist who ruined their hearing with illegal prescription pain-killers. They said a bad word. Everyone is mad at him. On the internet, they call this trolling. It must stop.
I am sick of spending all my time talking about how we talk about what we talk about when we talk about policy, instead of talking about actual policy. I am sick of recriminations and demands for retractions and counter-retractions and shocked outrage and line-drawing and line-crossing and apologies and non-apologies and boycotts and petitions. I am tired of watching every national debate inevitably pirouette out of the realm of morality, or merit, and into a rhetorical funhouse where insults bounce from mirror to distorted mirror. It's our dominant mode of political debate now: We don't evaluate arguments for their logic or elegance or force (or lack thereof), but for their appropriateness relative to metrics of racism, sexism, patriotism, religious bigotry etc.
So here comes Rush Limbaugh—a media entity who has repeatedly, almost monthly, reveled in a transparent strategy of uttering whatever racist, sexist, homophobic slur comes to mind for the explicit purposes of riling their antagonists—to utter a sexist slur for the explicit purposes of riling their antagonists. And their antagonists got riled! This dynamic is very, very old. (And I have certainly fallen for it). It used to be a somewhat sloppy process. Limbaugh would say things, and maybe some people would notice and write an angry newspaper column. Over the years the calumnies would build up until Al Franken cataloged them in book form.
But Limbaugh and their enemies have, with the help of the internet, evolved toward one another like an insect and flower that become intimately bound together over millenia in a pollination ballet that only their species can perform. The trolling-outrage cycle is ruthlessly efficient—the outraging entity, under constant pressure to seek attention by fomenting outrage, foments outrage. The outraged entity, under constant pressure to seek attention by being outraged, is outraged. The outraging entity counter-charges that the outraged entity is unfairly biased—"You weren't outraged when so-and-so said such-and-such!" The outraged entity calls for a boycott of the outraging entity. The outraging entity accuses the outraged entity of censorship. And so on. All this happens nearly instantaneously now, with Limbaugh and Media Matters (and their various cohorts) locked in a sort of perverse mindmeld, each anticipating and reacting to the others' preprogrammed routines.
The lure of these outrage moments is that they can reveal something essential, and previously hidden, about your enemy—information that you can then use to undermine the validity of their arguments. Revealing someone as a racist, for instance, is useful inasmuch as you can invalidate their arguments against welfare entitlements as motivated by a hatred of black people rather than public interest. Limbaugh claims that they do not hate women. But their critics know that they do. So when they let slip a "slut," it can become valuable evidence in proving your case. ("He claims that they don't hate women, but look! They call them sluts.") The trouble here is that Rush Limbaugh obviously and unambiguously hates women. Their utterance of the word slut in the present context adds no new information about Limbaugh or their beliefs. Pre-"slut" and post-"slut" Limbaugh are identical in all respects.
Adding fuel to the firestorm is the fact that Limbaugh is a de facto leader of the GOP, and It's easy to tar the entire party with their vileness (or try to force them to reject it). So there's an added incentive for Democrats to keep it alive for as long as possible. Barack Obama's phone call to Sandra Fluke last week was essentially a memo to the few news entities out there that hadn't paid attention to the non-controversy: "Here's another reason to write about it."
As an act of trolling, the "slut" remark has obviously backfired a bit. Intended merely to injure, provoke, and scandalize, it has been seen as sufficiently worrisome to launch an advertiser boycott. Quicken Loans, Citrix Systems, Legal Zoom, Sleep Number, Sleep Train, Pro Flowers, Carbonite, and most recently AOL has all pulled their ads from their show. All of them are hypocrites and most of them are liars. AOL, for instance, announced today that it was ending its relationship with Limbaugh because their "comments are not in line with our values."
This is preposterous. It would be tedious to rehearse the endless parade of deeply, calculatedly racist and sexist things that Limbaugh has uttered over the years. But suffice it to say that there is no conceivable rational value system for which the epithet "slut" is out of line but every other horrible thing Limbaugh has said in the past is "in line." Each and every one of Limbaugh's advertisers made a deliberate decision to underwrite the show and career of a man who does things like call a 31-year-old law student a "slut" for discussing their family planning needs. The fact that they have done so is neither surprising nor noteworthy, and their decision to pull their advertisements is disingenuous pandering.
So the next time Rush Limbaugh says something awful, take note and move on. Don't give them and the right-wing media establishment an opportunity to nurse a grievance over "censorship" or "bias" because "the media" didn't indict Bill Maher, or rappers, for the same crimes.
Image via Getty.
ASTANA – Hungary's Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Péter Szijjártó is set to visit Astana later in February. Ahead of their visit, in an exclusive interview with The Astana Times, the minister spoke about the historical closeness between the two nations and the modern status and future of bilateral cooperation in politics, economy, culture, education and tourism, as well as their country's views on Kazakhstan's relations with the European Union.
How would you assess the overall dynamics of bilateral relations between Kazakhstan and Hungary, in particular, the political ties between our countries?
Both Hungary and Kazakhstan have mutual sympathy for each other. The common cultural roots are obvious; our traditions still exist through the descendants of the Hungarian Cumans, who are known as Kipchaks in Kazakhstan.
In addition to the existing sympathy, we are witnessing further developments in our political relations, too, which after a declaration signed by our prime ministers last summer, were deemed of strategic importance. Regular meetings between the leaders of our countries are taking place. In 2012, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban visited Astana, in 2014, Prime Minister of Kazakhstan Karim Massimov paid a visit to Budapest and now a future visit by the Hungarian Prime Minister to Kazakhstan is being planned.
Last year, on Oct. 17, consultations between the Hungarian Prime Minister and President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev on the establishment of a Hungarian-Kazakh investment fund were held in Milan. Through a mutual agreement, both Hungary and Kazakhstan will invest $20 million in the fund. An important step forward will be the upcoming launch of a joint financial fund, as the focus of its work will be the support for small- and medium-sized enterprises, which is a priority for both Kazakhstan and Hungary.
Hungary has consistently supported Kazakhstan's aspirations to deepen relations with the European Union, as well as its intentions to complete the process of its accession to the World Trade Organisation, which we hope will happen in the near future.
In our relationship, cooperation in preserving our common cultural heritage is becoming more important. In order to support further development in our cultural relations in the near future, we will organise a Hungarian National Day in Almaty. The purpose is an in-depth introduction of Hungarian culture and food to the local people.
How would you assess the current state and prospects of trade and investment cooperation between Kazakhstan and Hungary?
We pay great attention to the development of our trade and economic relations. Kazakhstan is our biggest partner in Central Asia, our foreign trade turnover in 2013 exceeded $261 million and we see much room for improvement in this area.
Kazakhstan's impressive growth record and its ambitious plans (Kazakhstan 2050 Strategy, EXPO 2017) make a good basis for achieving new results. In a number of sectors, such as agriculture, food industry, energy and power equipment, medicine and pharmaceuticals, machinery, the construction industry and the development of urban infrastructure, logistics and transport, innovation, manufacturing, tourism, environmental protection, water management and energy-saving technologies, Hungary offers competitively priced products of high quality that use world-class technology, which can help Kazakhstan in attaining its goals. The Hungarian government has been supporting Hungarian enterprises participating in Kazakh state programmes.
The Astana Economic Forum is very important to our trade relations. Every year, high-level officials from Hungarian government bodies participate in it. On a regular basis since 2008, the Hungarian-Kazakhstan Intergovernmental Commission on Economic Cooperation meets. The Hungarian Government emphasises the development of bilateral business ties. We opened a house of commerce in Astana in May of 2013 in hopes of increasing trade ties. Besides that, the Hungarian Eximbank opened a credit line of $50 million in order to promote small and medium Hungarian enterprises in Kazakhstan.
Close links also exist between the chambers of commerce of our two countries. Just a few weeks ago, a chamber of commerce from Kazakhstan visited Hungary. In the course of the visit, a document on deepening cooperation was signed.
Every year, the number of joint ventures and projects grows and thousands of Hungarians are employed in Kazakhstan's oil industry, continuing the tradition formed over the last third of the 20th century with the joint development of oil fields in Tengiz.
What is Hungary's attitude towards plans to sign the agreement on an extended partnership between Kazakhstan and the European Union?
An outstanding example of close bilateral political cooperation is Hungary's comprehensive support in deepening the partnership between Kazakhstan and the European Union. Last year in Budapest, we held a large joint seminar on this topic where we were honoured to welcome Foreign Minister Erlan Idrissov. We think that such events will be held in the future. We welcome cooperation between Kazakhstan and the European Union and hope that it will rise to a new level as a result of the extended partnership.
The number of Kazakhstan students in Hungarian universities is growing. What is the situation and prospects for cooperation in education?
Recently, more and more Hungarian teachers have been teaching in Kazakhstan's higher education institutions. Students from Kazakhstan are already studying in Hungarian universities. Deepening cooperation in this area is supported by activities, such as the Central Asian and East European Forum on Higher Education held last spring at Al-Farabi University in Almaty. The Hungarian Tempus Public Foundation participated. They brought together representatives of 13 Hungarian universities.
In order to establish long-term cooperation in this field, last year we concluded a bilateral agreement in education and science with Kazakhstan; as part of this agreement, our countries host 45 scholars from each party annually. At the moment, 107 students from Kazakhstan are studying in Hungary.
How do you assess the potential for tourism exchange between the two countries for Astana's EXPO 2017? What are the prospects for the opening of direct flights between Kazakhstan and Hungary?
Our bilateral cooperation in the field of tourism remains undeveloped. We support cooperation between our travel agencies, the exchange of experience and mutual participation in the activities undertaken by the two countries. I am convinced that holding EXPO 2017 in Astana is a remarkable event, which not only opens doors for Kazakhstan in entering the international arena, but it may also boost our bilateral cooperation in the field of tourism. In April 2017, we will mark the 25th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Hungary and Kazakhstan and I believe that it is necessary to take advantage of the fact that this significant date coincides with EXPO 2017 in Astana.
The level of development of Hungary and Kazakhstan's relations, as well as the intensive cooperation of representatives of the private sectors of our countries increasingly justifies the need for direct flights between Astana and Budapest. Preparatory work aimed at achieving this goal has already started at the expert level; all necessary documents are being processed. I am sure that the launch of direct flights twice a week will give an additional boost to our multifaceted ties.
One of the things they don't tell you about E3 is that it's a pretty terrible event to try new titles at. It's crowded, it's noisy, and the time you spend actually playing games will be eclipsed by the time you spend waiting to play games. This is why, increasingly, you'll find companies giving media time outside of E3 to play the games they'll be showing, which is just what Capcom did with select members of the press and Street Fighter V. It's a wise move on their part–Street Fighter V is the sort of game that you'd want to sit down with for a good length of time and really get a feel for.
I was one of several games media folks invited to Capcom's pre-E3 2015 hands-on with Street Fighter V, and I came away intrigued, amused, but most importantly…hyped. And thankfully, Shoryuken has provided an outlet through which I can share my hands-on impressions with other like-minded folks who love fighting games.
Before I start, I'll be upfront: I'm pretty hot garbage at this series. Sure, I have a lot of experience with fighting games, but odds are you'd body me pretty hard if you played me in Street Fighter right now. This means that while this report will hopefully be a bit more in-depth with gameplay stuff than other articles coming out around this time, it won't be quite as technical as some of you might like it to be. My apologies in advance.
Also, keep in mind that the game is still in very early development, and there's room for significant alterations between the time this is published and the game's eventual release.
A new game brings new mechanics
So here's what folks are most curious about…just what was that weird magical energy stuff we saw Ryu and Chun-Li tossing around at Capcom Cup? The answer: it's a special skill that utilizes something called the Variable Meter.
Remember the Revenge meter? It's gone. No more Ultras. Focus Attacks? No longer a thing. Those are systems specific to Street Fighter IV and are done and buried in V. It's all about the Variables now.
Variables are the new core mechanic that Street Fighter V is built around (and also a neat play on the prominent “V” roman numeral in the title). Every character now comes equipped with a V-meter as well as a Super meter. The length of the former varies from character to character; the standard seems to be two, but I also saw characters with three stocks. The V-meter, which rests above the super meter on the HUD, fills up similarly to the old Revenge meter–by taking damage– and resets after each round. But rather than allowing access to a single attack, it opens up new mechanics called V-Reversals and V-Triggers.
V-Reversals use one stock of V-meter and function like Alpha Counters; the command varies slightly from character to character but generally involves pressing forward and either three punches or three kicks while in blockstun. V-Triggers, on the other hand, have a universal activation of HP+HK, but the function varies. That energy you saw Ryu and Chun summoning months ago were their respective V-Triggers. The effects these activations have varied dramatically, and I'll go into more detail when I talk about individual characters.
While they have a similar name, V-Skills actually don't use the V-meter at all. They are, however, character-specific skills with a unique function accessed by pressing MP+MK. Again, I'll go into more specifics when I get into character details.
Replacing the Ultras are “Critical Arts,” which make use of a fighter's entire super bar. This makes for an interesting twist in strategy: if you use EX moves, you make it harder to access your Critical Art. It's a big change from Street Fighter IV, where you had both Supers and Ultras; now you only have a Critical Art, and you're really going to have to be careful with meter management to utilize it.
Other bits of note:
Damage, in general, seems a fair bit higher than Ultra Street Fighter IV.
Chip damage cannot kill unless from a Critical Arts attack.
No 360 moves were in the game.
The character select screen shows stats for each character, ranking them on things like strength, technique, etc.
I asked if one-frame links were still a thing. The answer was, “Yes, but the execution is more lenient so they're easier to pull off.”
There are more special stage finishes than what we saw at Capcom Cup. One match I played ended with my Bison being shoved into a Hong Kong tour bus that then drove off.
Only one Critical Art for each character though, in some cases, it can be altered…I'll go into that shortly.
Capcom also spoke a bit about the online play. The team has developed their own proprietary netcode, called “Kagemusha,” based on GGPO-style rollbacks. The studio is promising a smooth, lag-free online experience. Perhaps even more excitingly, this will–in a series first–allow cross-platform play between PlayStation 4 and PC. Can't convince your PC-owning buddies to spring for a console to play with you? No problem, you'll still be able to battle them online!
Now, let's have a bit of a look at the individual characters along with their current movesets. While I spent a fair deal of time with everyone and tried to be fairly thorough, I definitely wasn't able to test every single variation and situation. In particular, I didn't really have a chance to play around much with the V-Reversals, so I don't really have much info to give on them. Sorry!
Ryu
[hr]
Capcom generally takes the “if it ain't broke, don't fix it” approach to Ryu, and their Street Fighter V incarnation is no exception. Their fundamentals are largely the same across every game they show up in, and if the powers that be ever want to make major changes, they just make a new character like Evil Ryu. (No, that's not a confirmation of Evil Ryu being in the game. Don't read too much into this!)
Everything you know and love/hate/are mostly ambivalent towards concerning Ryu is still here, with a few new elements that don't really alter what makes them the iconic fighting game character.
Current Movelist
V-Skill: Mind's Eye (MP+MK)
Ryu's V-Skill is pretty easy to grasp…it's a Street Fighter III parry! The command might be different, but the timing's still pretty strict. (Yes, it's possible to recreate Evo Moment #37 in Street Fighter V. Yes, I specifically asked about it.)
V-Trigger: Denjin Renki (HP+HK)
This is what we've been seeing in so much of the Ryu footage released thus far. The wandering warrior's V-meter transforms into a countdown (think Alpha 2 custom combo meter) that adds additional properties to several of their special moves, which I'll expand on further down.
V-Reversal: Hashogeki (During guard, towards+PPP)
Special Moves
Hadoken (QCF+P)
(QCF+P) Shoryuken (DP+P)
(DP+P) Tatsumaki Senpuukyaku (QCB+K)
(QCB+K) Air Tatsumaki (QCB+K in air)
Not much to say about Ryu's moveset, you know it is like the back of your hand at this point. The big alterations happen when Denjin Renki is active, as Ryu can hold down the punch button to charge the Hadoken's strength. At max charge, the projectile gains guard break capabilities. Shoryukens also gain an electrifying property when in this mode.
Critical Arts
Shinkuu Hadoken (2xQCF+P)
Ahhh, the old classic! Unless Denjin Renki is active, because then you get…
Denjin Hadoken (2xQCF+P)
It's a Shinkuu Hadoken, but far more electrifying! Slightly different animation, more damage.
Chun-Li
[hr]
Though almost as iconic as Ryu, Chun-Li's has had some more significant alterations from their previous appearances in Street Fighter V. Them moveset is now a mix of charged attacks and quarter-circle motions, with some new Variable abilities to augment their pressure game.
Current Movelist
V-Skill: Rankyaku (MP+MK)
You know those trademark, kinda-floaty, vertical Chun jumps? Well, now they have a skill that gives them a nice, short 45-degree angle leap where they spin in the air like a graceful…something. I'm strapped for metaphors. Anyway, it's good for dodging and getting in close with less risk than a normal jump.
V-Trigger: Renkiko (HP+HK)
Activating Renkiko turns Chun-Li's V-meter into a timer, like Ryu's Denjin Renki. But where Denjin Renki affects Ryu's specials, Renkiko gives the world's strongest woman multi-hit normals, increasing damage and blockstun and making their rushdown game much fiercer.
V-Reversal: Sohatsukei (during guard, towards+PPP)
Special Moves
Kikouken (Hold back, towards+P)
I predicted that they'd make this a standard quarter-circle forward motion, but I was wrong! Instead…
Hyakuretsukyaku (QCF+K)
(QCF+K) Air Hyakuretsukyaku (QCF+K in air)
It's the ol' Lightning Legs, only with motion inputs instead. No more mashing! They also gain the mid-air Hyakuretsukyaku from the Marvel series.
Spinning Bird Kick (Hold down, up+K)
Critical Arts
Hoyokusen (2xQCF+K)
Straight from Street Fighter III. Don't know what this looks like? Well, there's this video…
Nash
[hr]
Capcom seems to be standardizing Charlie's name as “Nash” across all territories this time around. Fine by me! Perhaps it's because this isn't the Charlie you remember from the Alpha series. No, Nash is a very different beast from their former Guile-clone self. Gone are their charge moves, replaced with shoryuken and half-circle commands. Also absent is their formerly pleasant “too easy!” demeanor: Nash is physically altered and filled with vengeful rage, and it's reflected in their attacks, which feel far more vicious.
Current Movelist
V-Skill: Bullet Clear (MP+MK)
Absorbs a projectile and gains V-meter–with proper timing, of course. It doesn't seem to work against EX or charged projectiles, though I admittedly didn't test every variation.
V-Trigger: Sonic Move (HP+HK plus a direction)
This one actually has a few variants, effectively acting as a teleport. Remember seeing Nash warp behind Ryu in the character reveal trailer? That's their V-Trigger. Pressing a direction (back, towards, or down) with the command determines where Nash appears in proximity to the opponent.
V-Reversal: Sonic Move – Avoid: (During Guard, towards+PPP)
Special Moves
Sonic Boom (QCF + P)
Sure feels weird launching Sonic Booms with a fireball motion…
Sonic Scythe (QCB+K)
(QCB+K) Moonsault Slash (QCF+K)
You probably remember seeing two Flash Kick-style moves in Nash's reveal trailer: these would be those skills. Old-school Marvel players might remember the Moonsault Slash, a skill Charlie had exclusively in that series. Sonic Scythe is the parallel to the old Somersault Shell, though with a a rolling leg kick rather than a backflip. It functions much like a typical uppercut/anti-air style move in this incarnation, though it still seems to have a fairly large hitbox.
Tragedy Assault (DP+P)
Here's something a bit out of left field. This leap-lunging grab, when it connects with a foe, has Nash grabbing them by the face and slamming them to the ground, then charging a bolt of electricity into their body for good measure. Harsh!
Critical Arts
Judgement Saber (2xQCF+K)
But still not as harsh as this Critical Art. The trailer only showed half of this, the part where Nash does a short lunge towards the opponent and materializes behind them. What happens after that? Well, you see said opponent with a gigantic Sonic Boom energy blade vertically bisecting them from the head to chest. It looks incredibly painful–if this were Mortal Kombat, this would be a Fatality and various viscera would slide out of the corpse after the fact. But since this is Street Fighter, it just eats a ton of life and leaves the opponent mentally torn apart instead.
M. Bison
[hr]
I don't know if it's just me, but something about our beloved dictator felt a bit…off in this build. It primarily has to do with them being a charge character. I mean, yeah, they were always a charge character, but the new attacks they have don't seem to gel with the mechanic.
When you hold back or down with a charger, you typically get some sort of “slingshot” effect upon pressing the next direction and your attack button, be it launching a projectile forward or your character shooting physically up into the air. This current incarnation of Bison doesn't really follow those rules, which makes playing them feel a bit awkward. I'll explain in more detail in the movelist–and again, keep in mind this is a very early version and changes are extremely likely.
Besides that, it's noteworthy that Bison has a three-stock V-meter, where most of the other characters have two.
Current Movelist
Variable Skills
V-Skill: Psycho Reflect (MP+MK)
Executed properly, this sends a projectile bouncing back from whence it came.
V-Trigger: Psycho Power (HP+HK)
Transforms the V-meter into a depleting gauge, like Ryu and Chun-Li. This adds a teleport/momentary invulnerability property to Bison's dashes. Think Demitri from the Darkstalkers series and their dashes.
V-Reversal: Psycho Burst (During guard, towards+PPP)
Special Moves
Psycho Blast (Hold back, towards+P)
Yup, no more Psycho Crusher! This is the replacement, and it's one of the “doesn'' feel right for a charger” moves I mentioned before. Instead of launching forward, Bison does a close-range strike with a psychic power orb. It looks like the Psycho Cannon projectiles they had in the Alpha series, only larger and stationary.
Double Knee Press (Hold back, towards+K)
Well, he's still got the knee press at least. Not much new here.
Head Press (Hold down, up+K) Somersault Skull Diver (P after Head Press hits) Devil Reverse (P before Head Press hits)
(Hold down, up+K)
He's also capable of these two Head Press variants again!
Psycho Inferno (Hold down, up+P)
Another new skill that functions as an anti-air/uppercut. It feels somewhat more appropriate for a charger than the Psycho Blast, but still a little “off.”
Critical Arts
Ultimate Psycho Crusher (2xQCF+K)
This was shown in Bison's reveal trailer last month. Despite being a “Psycho Crusher,” it actually needs to hit at close-range on startup in order for the full attack to execute.
[hr]
That wraps things up for now. Hopefully you enjoyed my hands-on impressions of Street Fighter V–I'm very excited to see where this game goes from here. I'm also eagerly awaiting the next round of community and industry events. Capcom's always one to give us some additional teases at shows, and between E3 and Evo 2015, I get the feeling there's more Street Fighter V surprises still waiting for us. Get hype!
[hr]
Interested in seeing these mechanics in motion? Check out the latest Street Fighter V trailer below.
Gogo's inflight Wi-Fi service is pretty much your only option when it comes to surfing the internet in the skies above. Which means that they are free to give you shitty service at even shittier prices all they want. And now, according to one Google engineer, they're also playing fast and loose with your online security. The question is—why?
In traditional man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks, the attacker will intercept the data being sent between two different systems, allowing it to act as the middle man (duh). If the certificate for the site you're trying to reach doesn't add up (because it's being signed by the MITM), your browser will usually warn you—though many often ignore this warning. Fortunately, Google engineer Adrienne Porter Felt did not.
Advertisement
After connecting to Gogo's inflight wireless, Felt noticed a little red "x" in their address bar, indicating something wasn't right. As you can see from the tweet above, Gogo itself was signing the certificate—not Google. This is a huge problem.
First and foremost, by misleading customers in this way, Gogo is doing away with a hugely necessary layer of security, and in doing so, opens the same option to anyone else on the network with malicious intent. The fact that Gogo has access to all your data is bad already, but it's impossible to know who else might be making use of the now gaping security holes. But what's more, according to Tech Dirt:
[Gogo] loves to datamine and it definitely makes an effort to "shape" traffic by curtailing use of data-heavy sites. It also, as Steven Johns at Neowin points out, is an enthusiastic participant in law enforcement and investigative activities, going above and beyond what's actually required of service providers.
Advertisement
So while Gogo might use its willingness to datamine in order to cooperate with government officials and "third parties" as the reason for its questionable tactics, that's still no reason to totally throw customer security out the window.
People on Twitter have also speculated that Gogo might be doing this as a means of throttling data to limit traffic on its networks, but of course, there are other, less dangerous ways of doing that, as well.
Advertisement
We've reached out to Gogo for comment, and will update as soon as we hear back. For now, though, if you're flying, probably best to stay offline. Who knows who might be peeking in. [Neowin, Techdirt]
Update 2:30pm:
Gogo released the following statement:
Gogo takes our customer's privacy very seriously and we are committed to bringing the best internet experience to the sky. Right now, Gogo is working on many ways to bring more bandwidth to an aircraft. Until then, we have stated that we don't support various streaming video sites and utilize several techniques to limit/block video streaming. One of the recent off-the-shelf solutions that we use proxies secure video traffic to block it. Whatever technique we use to shape bandwidth, It impacts only some secure video streaming sites and does not affect general secure internet traffic. These techniques are used to assure that everyone who wants to access the Internet on a Gogo equipped plane will have a consistent browsing experience. We can assure customers that no user information is being collected when any of these techniques are being used. They are simply ways of making sure all passengers who want to access the Internet in flight have a good experience.
Advertisement
In other words, we know this sure looks shady but it's not, PROMISE.
RBC has been in the news this week in a way no company ever wants to be.
The recent debate about an outsourcing arrangement for some technology services has raised important questions.
While we are compliant with the regulations, the debate has been about something else. The question for many people is not about doing only what the rules require - it's about doing what employees, clients, shareholders and Canadians expect of RBC. And that's something we take very much to heart.
Despite our best efforts, we don't always meet everyone's expectations, and when we get it wrong you are quick to tell us. You have my assurance that I'm listening and we are making the following commitments.
First, I want to apologize to the employees affected by this outsourcing arrangement as we should have been more sensitive and helpful to them. All will be offered comparable job opportunities within the bank.
Second, we are reviewing our supplier arrangements and policies with a continued focus on Canadian jobs and prosperity, balancing our desire to be both a successful business and a leading corporate citizen.
Third, our Canadian client call centres are located in Canada and support our domestic and our U.S. business, and they will remain in Canada.
Fourth, we are preparing a new initiative aimed at helping young people gain an important first work experience in our company, which we will announce in the weeks ahead.
RBC proudly employs over 57,000 people in Canada. Over the last four years, despite a challenging global economy, we added almost 3,000 full-time jobs in Canada. We also hire over 2,000 youth in Canada each year and we support thousands more jobs through the purchases we make from Canadian suppliers. As we continue to grow, so will the number of jobs for Canadians.
RBC opened for business in 1864 and we have worked hard since then to earn the confidence and support of the community. Today, we remain every bit as committed to earning the right to be our clients' first choice, providing rewarding careers for our employees, delivering returns to shareholders who invest with us, and supporting the communities in which we are privileged to operate.
I'd like to close by thanking our employees, clients, shareholders and community partners for your input and continued support.
Sincerely,
Gord Nixon
President and Chief Executive Officer,
Royal Bank of Canada
Nazism worked—really, really well, according to a new study.
Besides pulling off one of the largest systematic genocides in human history, the Third Reich also had a lifetime impact on Germany's non-Jewish children by schooling them from an early age with anti-Semitic propaganda. Those children are now old people, who likely passed on their beliefs to younger generations, and so on and so forth.
The Associated Press reports on the study:
Researchers from the United States and Switzerland examined surveys conducted in 1996 and 2006 that asked respondents about a range of issues, including their opinions of Jews. The polls, known as the German General Social Survey, reflected the views of 5,300 people from 264 towns and cities across Germany, allowing the researchers to examine differences according to age, gender and location. By focusing on those respondents who expressed consistently negative views of Jews in a number of questions, the researchers found that those born in the 1930s held the most extreme anti-Semitic opinions - even fifty years after the end of Nazi rule. “It's not just that Nazi schooling worked, that if you subject people to a totalitarian regime during their formative years it will influence the way their mind works,” said Hans-Joachim Voth of the University of Zurich, one of the study's authors. “The striking thing is that it doesn't go away afterward.”
Germany has done an admirable job of reconciling its murderous past with its more peaceful present, at least more so than other countries that have a history of genocide. But this latest revelation confirms what many have long suspected of the country, and of Europe at large: that it still harbors swells of anti-Semitism, due to events that began some 80 years ago. The aftershocks are still being felt.
Benjamin Ortmeyer, who heads a research center on Nazi education at Frankfurt's Goethe University, said the study's conclusions were “absolutely plausible.” “The significance of this kind of propaganda hasn't really been exposed,” said Ortmeyer, who wasn't involved in the study. “Compared to the brutal deeds of the Nazi mass murderers this area of crimes, the brainwashing, was largely ignored.” One reason, they said, is the difficulty of getting older Germans to talk about their experiences of the Nazi period. While Jews who survived the Holocaust vividly recount the abuse they suffered in school and at the hands of fellow pupils, non-Jewish Germans mostly describe their school years as peaceful and fun.
[Pic via AP]
Image copyright Getty Images
One of Germany's most senior banking executives has said the vote to leave the European Union should not be taken as an excuse to "penalise" the City.
Dr Andreas Dombret, executive board member for the German central bank, the Bundesbank, said that the approach to Brexit should be "pragmatic".
Although they said some jobs could be lost, London would remain "the most important financial centre in Europe".
"As there has been this vote, there will be a Brexit," they told the BBC.
"I see it as my job to make sure the transition is as smooth as possible, and we, I can promise, will be as pragmatic as possible."
Dr Dombret said they did not believe that Brexit was risk free.
In a private meeting in Frankfurt earlier this month, they said that London's position as the financial services "gateway" to the EU could be undermined.
Further, trillions of pounds worth of euro currency transactions and insurance products - called clearing - would be likely to move to the continent from the City.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Andreas Dombret, of the Bundesbank, says the Brexit negotiations will be a "two way street"
But they made it clear that Germany saw Britain as an ally, particularly when it came to maintaining global regulatory standards.
Dr Dombret said they did not want to see either the EU or the UK engaged in a "regulatory rush to the bottom" to try and gain competitive advantage.
And they admitted that any risks to financial services were "two-way".
"I see risks not only for London; I see risks for Germany and for the rest of Europe, should there be an impact of Brexit on economic circumstances it will not be concentrated on Great Britain it will be also in the rest of Europe," they said.
"I see this as a two-way street. Of course there will be costs to such a development, but it is far too early to say what these costs will be and what kind of unintended costs we will have to face."
Asked how many jobs might relocate in the financial services sector after Britain has left the EU, Mr Dombret answered: "It is very hard to put a number on it.
"They may not all necessarily go to Europe, maybe some of those job losses could go to the United States.
"I am not expecting those job losses from the UK point of view all to go to one city.
"[That] is also not that bad because then the risk is also diversified over several financial centres, I see some benefit in that too from a financial stability point of view."
'No sense'
Turning to the chances of a free trade deal for financial services between the UK and the EU, Dr Dombret admitted that there were a number of hurdles.
"I don't have 100% confidence this will work," they said, pointing out that the EU had never signed a free trade deal for financial services with a non-EU country.
"You have to have some scepticism. But, again, I know the government of the United Kingdom is very sincerely trying to negotiate this and we should be open, especially from the German point of view, to the EU 27, to everything in order to help Great Britain.
"By no means does it make sense to penalise the United Kingdom for having taken this view [Brexit]."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Dombret says a number of banks have contacted Frankfurt about moving some services from London
The Bundesbank has recently put information on its website for banks looking to move jobs to Frankfurt, the country's financial capital.
"This is only logical, if you as a bank are thinking of relocating part of your business to a city like Frankfurt, that you speak to potential future supervisors," Dr Dombret said.
"That is the most logical thing to do.
"So, I am not promoting Frankfurt as a financial centre, but of course I am willing to answer all questions and willing to entertain all meetings because it is only good for the stability of the financial system that there is as much transparency as possible and that all questions are being answered.
"It is just a service because so many banks are contacting us."
Arrests for simple cannabis possession have fallen to their lowest point since 1996, according to new statistics released by the FBI. In 2015, 574,641 people were arrested for simple possession, representing a 25 percent drop from the near 800,000 peak in 2007. However, those numbers do not represent great news, as the figures add up to more than one arrest for simple cannabis possession every minute, according to a Washington Post report.
The FBI data, though, suggests that law enforcement officers are committing less time to cannabis enforcement compared to other drugs. In 2010, cannabis possession and sales accounted for 52 percent of all US drug arrests, compared to 43 percent in 2015. The data purports that police have been making more arrests for possession of heroin, cocaine, and other non-narcotic drugs.
According to a 2013 ACLU report, cannabis enforcement has cost taxpayers $3.6 billion; and while black and whites were found to use marijuana at similar rates, black users were four times as likely to be arrested for cannabis possession as their white counterparts. The ACLU estimates that a typical marijuana arrest costs about $750, excluding any adjudication or detainment costs.
“It's unacceptable that police still put this many people in handcuffs for something that a growing majority of Americans think should be legal,” Tom Angell, communications representative for the Marijuana Majority, said in the Post report. “There's just no good reason that so much police time and taxpayer money is spent punishing people for marijuana when so many murders, rapes and robberies go unsolved.”
Still, the federal government has not acted to decriminalize or reschedule cannabis despite the record number of states who will vote on cannabis measures in November.
End
Kate Beaton Lois and Clark? Was it the old Fleischer cartoons? All I know is that Lois is tough as nails and doesn't take shit from nobody, she's the best! I get the impression that they were not always handled in the best way by the Comic Lords, like people made them too much of a pest and love-dumb over Superman or some unappealing shit (yes I have seen those "Superman's Girlfriend" comics). Gimme a break! This woman has more important things to do, like win all the Pulitzers. All I'm sayin' is that if Lois isn't super rad all the time then I don't even want to hear about it.
Speaking of, the idea for this comic came about because of my friend Dean Trippe, who had a wonderful idea for a Young Lois series that DC considered for some time but ultimately, and unfortunately, didn't work out. But I was really blown away by how great it was, and wanted to share it with you. Fortunately then, for us, I can!
In other news, coming up at the end of April, I have another comics reading here in New York.
And have some more Loises. They are fun to draw!
I can't lie to you, my readers. I do not know a heck of a lot about the superhero comic universe, but I love love love Lois Lane. Was it growing up in the 90's and watching? Was it the old Fleischer cartoons? All I know is that Lois is tough as nails and doesn't take shit from nobody, she's the best! I get the impression that they were not always handled in the best way by the Comic Lords, like people made them too much of a pest and love-dumb over Superman or some unappealing shit (yes I have seen those "Superman's Girlfriend" comics). Gimme a break! This woman has more important things to do, like win all the Pulitzers. All I'm sayin' is that if Lois isn't super rad all the time then I don't even want to hear about it.Speaking of, the idea for this comic came about because of my friend Dean Trippe, who had a wonderful idea for a Young Lois series that DC considered for some time but ultimately, and unfortunately, didn't work out. But I was really blown away by how great it was, and wanted to share it with you.then, for us, I can! Lois Lane, Girl Reporter : by Dean Trippe with art by Daniel Krall. Enjoy!In other news, coming up at the end of April, I have another comics reading here in New York. Check it out! And have some more Loises. They are fun to draw! Store!
Image caption Arthur Montford presented STV's Scotsport programme for 32 years
Former Scottish football broadcaster Arthur Montford has died aged 85.
They were best known for hosting more than 2,000 episodes of STV's Scotsport programme over a 32-year period from the late 1950s.
As well as presentation Montford also carried out football commentaries and wrote about other sports, most notably golf.
They died at home after battling illness intermittently over the past couple of years.
Image copyright STV Image caption Arthur Montford wearing one of their trademark jackets in the 1960s
Montford, who was from Greenock and a lifelong Morton fan, began as a journalist and radio presenter before the opening of the STV studios at the Theatre Royal offered another opportunity.
In August 1957, Montford was offered the STV job, but told a recent BBC Scotland programme they needed some convincing.
They said: "I hadn't really thought much about it but when they said that my salary would jump from £14 a week to £20 a week, I became extremely interested and I was hired on the spot as the newscaster, sportscaster, continuity announcer and jack of all trades…"
During their time on Scotsport, Montford became famous for their trademark sports jackets and classic lines such as "what a stramash!".
Having come from a long line of newspapermen, Montford gave credit for their presentation style to their father's influence.
They said: "My father told me that no matter how poor the game was, whether you were writing it, describing it on radio, or commentating on it, you must look for something worthwhile to talk about and do not be negative. And it was a thought that I always carried with me".
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALT LAKE CITY - Utah's economy continues to outpace the rest of country; the most recent jobs report shows statewide unemployment at 3.5 percent. It's good news, but too much of a good thing can be a problem.
"Finding those entry-level people is more difficult than ever," said Carrie Mayne, Chief Economist for Utah's Workforce Services Division.
It's a reality Jeff Krie, Co-Owner of Trolley Wing Company, is facing at their new restaurant in Midvale.
"I've had ads out and I check my inbox and there is nothing there," Krie said.
To make up for the lack of applicants, Krie is working fifteen hours a day, taking on the role of dishwasher and prep chef. They say he's been forced to make changes that customers are noticing.
"I'm only using half my menu right now because I don't have the hands to finish everything," Krie said.
On a statewide level, the lack of entry-level employees could stop companies from coming to Utah.
"They ask ‘are we going to find the people to fill these jobs?'," Mayne said. "Generally speaking, it's a very tight labor market. It's a job seeker's market."
However, the disparity in demand for employees varies across the state. For example, Wayne County sits at 7.8 percent unemployment, while Salt Lake County sits at 3.2 percent.
British Columbia saw more overdose deaths in the first eight months of 2017 than in all of 2016, according to new data from the BC Coroners Service.
Numbers released Thursday show that, by the end of August, there had been 1,013 fatal illicit drug overdoses, 31 more than the 982-death total in 2016.
In August alone, 131 people died in the province, an average of 3.5 deaths per day and a 79 per cent increase from August 2016.
"It's heartbreaking to see the continued high numbers of deaths throughout the province despite the numerous initiatives and harm-reduction measures in place,” chief coroner, Lisa Lapointe, said in a statement Thursday. “This highlights the complexities of drug dependency and illicit drug use, and the importance of a co-ordinated, health-focused approach to this medical issue."
While prevention measures have not helped decrease the overall number of deaths, none of the fatal overdoses this year occurred at supervised consumption sites or drug prevention clinics.
Nearly 75 per cent of those who died were between the ages of 30 and 59. Four out of five victims were male.
Vancouver saw 255 deaths between January and August, the highest of any municipality in the province by at least 132 deaths. Surrey was next with 123 fatalities.
According to the statistics, Vancouver Coastal Health currently has the highest rate of overdose deaths in the province at 38.9 per 100,000 people.
Fentanyl a growing factor in overdose deaths
According to the province's report, more than 80 per cent of these illicit drug deaths involved fentanyl—a 151 per cent increase from the same period of 2016.
In most cases, the report said, fentanyl was combined with other illicit drugs, such as cocaine, heroin and methamphetamines.
The numbers also show that overdose deaths that do not involve fentanyl have been steadily declining since 2015. That means that, not only is the number of fatal overdoses on the rise, but fentanyl consumption is becoming an increasingly strong factor in those deaths.
The province says, in addition to a medical approach to the overdose crisis, awareness and education efforts are the key to curbing these alarming statistics.
"We also need people to know that no illicit substance in this province can be considered safe, whether you know your dealer or not,” Lapointe said. “Anyone using an illicit substance must be prepared for an adverse effect and must have someone else present who is willing and able to help."
President Obama laughs as the crowd sings “Happy Birthday” to them at the Young African Leaders Initiative event on Aug. 3. (Photo: Jacquelyn Martin/AP)
Ever since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, presidents have been judged on the successes they notch during their first 100 days. Now, as Barack Obama prepares to end their star turn on the political stage, Yahoo News is launching “The Last 100 Days,” a look at what Obama achieved during their consequential presidency, how they navigate the last struggles of eight years filled with firsts, and what lies ahead for them beyond the gates of the White House in late January. It will also consider how the country bids farewell to its first African-American president.
It won't all be about policy. As Obama themselves is fond of noting, they also spent their two terms as father to daughters Malia and Sasha and husband to first lady Michelle Obama. And the cultural landscape shifted dramatically on issues like gay rights, often with little prodding from the White House.
And then there's the way the president sees the presidency — not just their own tumultuous years at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue but also the institution and its relationships (or lack thereof) with other branches of government and the news media.
We're launching this column today, on Obama's 55th birthday.
Slideshow: 44th president turns 55: Photos of Obama throughout the years >>>
But one day earlier, they gave a gift of sorts to people interested in these issues during a wide-ranging town hall-style question-and-answer session with young African leaders.
It was far from a robust cross-examination. One questioner began by telling Obama, “You are definitely a visionary.” There were chants of their 2008 campaign slogan, “Yes, we can.” They sang “Happy Birthday” (a day early). People cheered the prospect of presidential handshakes, though they disappointed them by saying there would be no selfies.
But the friendly setting seemed to free Obama to publicly ponder their stunning rise in politics, their family life, the way reporters cover him, the tension between human rights and national security, and lobster ice cream.
Here are some excerpts.
– Obama riffed on the way their speech to the 2004 Democratic national convention catapulted them into national politics.
“The fact the John Kerry picked me to speak was sort of accidental, and I gave a pretty good speech…
So the day after the speech my name's everywhere, and I'm on television. And people are saying, ‘Wow, who's this guy Obama? You know, that was wonderful, you know, we're really impressed, and he's got a future, and maybe some day he's going to run for president, etc.'
And I told my friend, because we're still in Boston and we're walking and there's these huge crowds and everybody's wants to shake my hand … and I said, ‘I'm no smarter today than I was yesterday.'
You know, I didn't suddenly magically become so much better than I was when I was just a state senator. Some of it had to do with just chance. It was luck.”
– Obama is known to want to devote their postpresidency to projects helping at-risk youth and promoting criminal justice reform. But they mentioned online courses available via the Young African Leaders Initiative (YALI) and said …
“I might, when I have a little more time, maybe teach one of those courses myself. Right now, I'm kind of busy.”
– Obama talked about what YALI participants had experienced in the United States.
“So you've gotten a taste of America, which for some of you apparently included something called lobster ice cream, which I've never tasted myself but, I have to admit, sounds terrible. But that's OK. You were very brave.”
President Obama in 2009, left, and in 2016. (Photos: Charles Dharapak/Jacquelyn Martin/AP) More
– And they mused about the 2016 election.
“You've also gotten a front-row seat on the fascinating roller coaster process of American democracy, because you're here during election season. And I hope you buckled your seat belts.”
Registered weapons in the US affected by the National Firearms Act
Keep clicking to find out which states are really packing.
Source: Metrocosm
less Using data from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives New York-based site Metrocosm cobbled together an interactive map showing the number of registered weapons in each state affected by the National Firearms Act, including destructive devices, machine guns, silencers, short barrel shotguns, short barrel rifles and other weapons. Using data from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives New York-based site Metrocosm cobbled together an interactive map showing the number of registered weapons in each state affected by ... more Photo: © TODD SPOTH, 2013 Photo: © TODD SPOTH, 2013 Image 1 of / 64 Caption Close Registered weapons in the US affected by the National Firearms Act 1 / 64 Back to Gallery
Why does a state like Wyoming have over 100,000 registered destructive devices?
The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has data on the number of registered weapons in each state, split into several categories as defined by the National Firearms Act of 1934. These include destructive devices, silencers, machine guns, short barrel shotguns, short barrel rifles and other weapons.
Max Galka of Metrocosm created an interesting interactive map showing which states pack more firearms per every 1,000 persons. Wyoming leads the list with 114,052 registered weapons, 195 for every 1,000 resident. States like Texas inhabit the upper-middle range with around 12 to 15 weapons per 1,000 persons.
See how many registered firearms are piling up across the U.S.
By Denise Grollmus
If you're going to write a bad check, don't do it in Roseville.
This story originally appeared in OC Weekly; read it in its entirety here
Julie Orr has plenty of reasons to bounce a check.
In just a few years, they have gone from running a successful advertising business to being a single mom on disability. Hers is a dilemma of American life: A leg injury keeps them from working, but they can't afford the surgery without health insurance.
Yet Orr says their woes weren't what led them to write a bum check at the grocery store. “Sure, we've fallen on tough times,” says the 54-year-old. “But I've never bounced a check before in my life. I've always been on top of my finances.”
Accidentally overdrawing on a bank account isn't a crime. It is, however, a hyperlucrative business, allowing banks to collect $30 billion per year in overdraft fees while their customers frantically swim back to the surface. Such is the bounty of faulty math.
Orr was shocked when they received a letter from the Riverside County district attorney's office accusing them of fraud. In May, they had written a check for $91 at an Albertsons. A few days later, while reviewing their bank account, they noticed the check had bounced. Orr headed back to Albertsons to make good on their payment. But they were told the store had already placed them in collections. It was out of the grocer's hands.
A month later, Orr received a letter from the county DA's office. It inexplicably accused them of intent to commit fraud, noting they were now eligible for “up to one year in the county jail.” The only way to avoid criminal charges: participate in a “voluntary” bad-check-restitution program.
“The letter really made me think I'd go to jail if I didn't,” they say.
But the DA wanted more than the store's $91 back. Though California law restricts the penalty on bad checks to $25, the letter demanded $333.51, which included $175 for a “voluntary” financial-accountability class she'd have to take.
Orr didn't even consider arguing their innocence. They just wanted the problem solved. So they called the 1-800 number on the letter to make arrangements to pay in cash at the sheriff's department. When they were told they could only send a check to a P.O. Box, Orr grew suspicious.
“That's when I asked if I was actually talking to someone in the DA's office,” they say. “And they said no, that they were a company being paid to represent the DA.”
This story originally appeared in OC Weekly; read the remainder of the story here.
Read Nick Miller's local sidebar, “Checkmate in Sacramento,” and learn more about Sacramento-area prosecutors teaming up with CorrectiveSolutions.
The New York Red Bulls won their MLS 2017 home-opener, 1-0. A modest but worthy victory over Colorado Rapids, a team that has made its name recently on being hard to beat. The scoreline preserved the Rapids' reputation, but that was less down to Colorado holding RBNY to an even game and more because Tim Howard was in no mood to let anything get by him.
Howard gets down well to deny BWP. pic.twitter.com/EpewVRNZYr — Total MLS (@TotalMLS) March 11, 2017
Howard put in a stirring peformance that conjured memories of their time as a MetroStar. And RBNY fans got to enjoy the best of both worlds: another look at the Tim Howard they used to cheer for (well, those that were around in Howard's days in black and red) and a win for the players they cheer for now.
For the second game in a row, the Red Bulls' conjured their match-winner from an overlapping full-back's cross into the box. In Atlanta, it was Kemar Lawrence who bounced their cross off a defender who was tracking back to stop BWP from pouncing on a tap-in.
At Red Bull Arena, it was Sal Zizzo who lured Eric Miller into scoring at the wrong end, as the defender tried to keep the ball from reaching Daniel Royer.
Own goal by Eric Miller gives RBNY a 1-0 lead. #NYvCOL pic.twitter.com/96R6YBoAWI — Total MLS (@TotalMLS) March 11, 2017
Own Goal is currently RBNY's top scorer in 2017: it has scored twice, no player in the squad has more than one goal to their name at the moment. That won't last long simply because own goals are relatively rare, but don't look at the OGs on the Red Bulls' score sheets and assume they've got lucky with the back-to-back wins they've recorded to start their MLS season.
Well, the Red Bulls have been lucky in other ways: lucky Atlanta didn't score three before half time last week; lucky Colorado's attack was not nearly as sharp as its goalkeeper this week. But those own goals were't luck - they were by design. RBNY wants its full backs pushing high up the field to ping in crosses just like those two: crosses that get between the back line and the 'keeper, forcing defenders to run toward their own goal to intercept and clear. And the front four are supposed to be in the six-yard box, threatening to get on the end of those crosses if defenders don't make the necessary interventions.
Running toward your own goal and seeking to make a one-touch diversion of the ball away from what you're running at - that is a difficult task. There is a reason RBNY has twice profited from own goals in its last two games: it has created very dangerous situations for opposing defenders, and twice those defenders haven't quite cleared the danger successfully. Indeed, scoring an own goal in those situations is almost more likely than not. Goals of the sort Zizzo and Lawrence have recently created are not accidents: they are predictable outcomes of the circumstances in which they happened.
RBNY will be happy to see a few more goals like that go in this season, because it will mean the full backs are getting themselves and the ball into the right positions.
And if all Own Goal is good for this year is the first and second league wins of 2017 for the Red Bulls, they'll be happy enough with that as well (so long as the wins keep coming by other means).
Three more thoughts on RBNY's first home win of 2017:
1. We've seen this before, but not often like this
In their current incarnation, the Red Bulls play a lot of games in which they dominate possession. This is largely because giving the Red Bulls the ball is a neat way of neutralizing a playing style that is very interested in pressuring an opponent in possession. RBNY is happy to play without the ball, arguably doesn't really want the ball unless it is forcing a turnover close to goal and launching an attack on the net. So it is often given the ball because being asked to patiently pass and probe for an opening just isn't the game the Red Bulls are set up to play and the rest of MLS knows it.
It's a risky strategy, but each opponent who relies on it just needs it come off on the occasion it is deployed - and it is successful enough to warrant continued use. The Red Bulls have repeatedly demonstrated they can and will struggle to break teams down if they play deep, compact, defensive soccer - and they will allow opportunity for counter attacks.
Montreal exploited RBNY's weakness in possession very effectively in last year's playoffs, winning both legs of the Eastern Conference semifinal between the teams, despite giving up a lot of the ball (RBNY had 63.5% possession in the first leg and 64.7% in the second). Those were the Red Bulls' last competitive games of 2016. In their very first of 2017, RBNY ran into another opponent willing to do the same thing: Vancouver handed the Red Bulls 67.8% of possession, and eked out the 1-1 draw they were happy to take home for the second leg as an advantage for the second leg of their CCL semifinal. And it worked so well, the Caps let RBNY have more than 70% of the ball in Vancouver, and won the second leg, 2-0.
Atlanta United's head coach Tata Martino is perhaps too senior figure in global soccer to think about anything so limiting as simply giving the other team the ball and hoping for the occasional break. Their team outplayed RBNY for 75 minutes in Atlanta, but got edged out, 2-1. For the first time in a long time, the rusty Red Bulls got to play their preferred game - they had less than 50% of the ball in Atlanta - and found a way back to winning.
Against Colorado, RBNY was back up against an opponent committed to the tried-and-tested formula of letting the Red Bulls choke themselves with possession. In a way, this game resembled earlier disappointments: RBNY had a lot of the ball, and a lot of shots, but couldn't find the net with anything like the frequency expected of a team enjoying more than 60% of possession.
But this time was different. Not just because RBNY won - though that is the most important detail separating this game from the Red Bulls' recent past - but because Colorado's chances were very limited indeed. The Rapids got just three shots off and only one on target. There were breakaway opportunities, but the RBNY defense did a good job of stifling most of them before they required too much of Luis Robles.
And once the goal was scored, it changed the context of the familiar sight of RBNY shuttling the ball around the final third, probing for openings. The Red Bulls had the lead, they could be patient or aggressive as it suited them. The goal came on the stroke of half-time, and RBNY spent most of the second half enjoying the hunt for a second.
The performance was encouraging. The way to stop teams even trying to neutralize the Red Bulls' game by handing over possession is to make opponents fearful of giving the Red Bulls the ball. And it took seven saves from Tim Howard to prevent this game from turning into a rout. Even with Tim Howard in goal, teams wouldn't expect to see BWP stopped three times from decent scoring positions.
Howard's heroics saved the Rapids' pride but nothing more. The game looked to be RBNY's once the first and only goal was scored. And that is an encouraging sign. The Red Bulls aren't playing particularly well just yet - they need to be better at many things still: mostly, scoring - but they have, finally, won the sort of game they had fallen into the habit of losing.
RBNY needs a few more results of this sort against this sort of tactic to be able to say it has the measure of MLS' preferred RB-killing system. But winning this match, and looking mostly comfortable throughout, was a very encouraging step in the right direction.
2. Derrick Etienne's first MLS start
There are a lot of reasons to remember this game. Luis Robles broke another league record.
Tim Howard was wearing the colors of a new team - finding their old team with new colors, a new name, and a new stadium since they left - but was still very much the same old Tim Howard, which is to say they looked much like the young Tim Howard remembered by MetroStars fans of a certain vintage.
The one and only @TimHowardGK had quite an MLS return today pic.twitter.com/Utfmp9TTnP — Major League Soccer (@MLS) March 12, 2017
But perhaps this game will not be best remembered as another milestone in the storied careers of two RBNY favorites, but as one of the early markers of the career of a man destined to be a new favorite. Derrick Etienne is 20 years old and does not need to be burdened with great expectations, but it is hard to overlook how quickly their career has moved in the last couple of years.
They made their debut at the professional level for NYRB II at the end of March, 2015. At that point, they were an Academy player destined for college. They did play for the University of Virginia as planned, but in December of 2015 they signed a pro deal with RBNY. In 2016, they made their first-team debut in August in CONCACAF Champions League; made their MLS debut in September against D.C. United; won a Championship with NYRB II, and was handed their first national team cap by Haiti in November. Since then, he's scored their first international goal and now they have made their first MLS start.
The start was well-earned reward for a solid stint in relief of Gonzalo Veron in RBNY's last CCL game of this season, and a game-changing appearance against Atlanta in last week's MLS season-opener. They got 60 minutes against Colorado, playing the Veron role in the attack: to be quick and creative and a threat to break out of traffic with the ball at their feet.
Good turn by Etienne Jr. pic.twitter.com/JOezSGk9jH — Total MLS (@TotalMLS) March 11, 2017
Etienne isn't expected to get a lot of time in MLS this season, but they have already shown they can fit right into the first team and has ability to turn the tight spaces RBNY's 4-2-2-2 formation encourages to their side's advantage.
Marsch on @detienne_10's first MLS start: "He's had a really good start to the season...he'll be a guy we can continue to count on" #RBNY pic.twitter.com/byhgHdhwy6 — New York Red Bulls (@NewYorkRedBulls) March 12, 2017
The 4-2-2-2 couldn't sustain itself in Veron's absence last season and was ultimately abandoned in favor of a formation that better suited the talents of the more reliably fit players in the squad. Against Atlanta, with Muyl starting in Veron's place, the team reverted to the 4-2-3-1 of old for long stints. But Etienne is a viable option up front in a role similar to that of Veron. There was fluidity against Colorado, with the 4-2-3-1 appearing and then disappearing as the Red Bulls probed for opening. But the team looked relatively comfortable from the start in the 4-2-2-2 without Veron for perhaps the first time in a competitive game.
Etienne's first start in MLS might be their last for a while (depending on when Veron is fit and how RBNY's latest addition - Fredrik Gulbrandsen - is deployed), but they have proven they can handle another when called upon. And their career advances in search of its next milestone.
3. Fredrik Gulbrandsen - already
RBNY announced the signing of loanee Gulbrandsen on Friday, March 10. Per their own words to Norwegian outlet Verdens Gang, that was also the day the Norwegian forward flew to New York, having finally secured the necessary immigration clearance to make their long-expected move to America.
So it was a surprise to see Gulbrandsen named in the match-day squad for this game - and an even bigger surprise to see them take the field.
It was only a handful of minutes at the end of the game, subbing in to relieve BWP with the match all-but won and the job simply to keep Colorado sufficiently preoccupied to stop the ball from going in RBNYs net. No great conclusions can be drawn about Gulbrandsen's future in MLS from their first appearance.
But it is telling perhaps that this RalfBall-est of RalfBall loans was quite literally match-ready from Day One. Gulbrandsen is fundamentally an out-of-favor striker from Salzburg pitched over to the New York branch of the Red Bull Global Soccer family to find a little playing time and form. They might be with RBNY all year; they might head back to Austria in the summer: all depends on how things work out for him. But no time was wasted in getting them a feel for their new surroundings.
The off-the-pitch hallmark of RalfBall is synergy: within each club and across the entire network of Red Bull Global Soccer. And RBNY's starting lineup for this game was a testament to that synergy.
Center back Aaron Long was a career USL-er (and a midfielder) when they landed at NYRB II last season; now he's a first-teamer after a year in the reserves learning RBNY's system and a new position. Derrick Etienne is an Academy product picked to start over another Academy product, Alex Muyl. Sean Davis is another Homegrown Red Bull. Daniel Royer landed with RBNY as a veteran of the Austrian Bundesliga with an understanding of the Red Bulls system gleaned from having played and watched a lot of RB Salzburg, and clear expectations of what would be asked of them at RBNY.
And Fredrik Gulbrandsen is a match-ready attacking option flown in from Austria to bring further depth to the squad and to add pressure on the incumbent starters to justify their places in the lineup.
Last year's RalfBall loan was Omer Damari, a similarly out-of-sorts striker who was more or less cast out by Leipzig. They didn't have great luck staying fit while at RBNY and their stint with the team was ultimately short and underwhelming. But RBNY hasn't given up on raiding its siblings for a boost to the squad, and the speed with which Gulbrandsen was ushered into a uniform and onto the pitch suggests the club might be getting a little better at figuring out how to get the best out of the RB Global Soccer system at its disposal.
We don't yet know if Gulbrandsen will work out for RBNY or not, but it looks like we'll find that out quickly. And just as the club seems to be getting braver and better at embracing its youth development rhetoric (reckless, even, if you take the view punting Dax McCarty out to Chicago to let Sean Davis and Tyler Adams get more playing time was a little hasty), so too it appears to be figuring out how to make more efficient use of the synergy loan. Step one is loaning players ready to contribute from the start and having sufficient confidence in scouting and the system to give them that chance. That seems to have been accomplished with Gulbrandsen's signing and near-instant debut.
FOCUS: Juve back for Brandt
After signing Dani Alves and Miralem Pjanic, Juventus' strategy on the transfer market seems intended to change: now, the bianconeri will keep on evaluating many profiles, but with no hurry. However, the Serie A defending champions –no matter what will happen to Simone Zaza- need to reinforce their offensive line, and they are seeking a young talent.
A concrete option for the Piedmont's club remains Bayer Leverkusen 20-year-old Julian Brandt: despite their young age, the German has already played 100 times in the Bundesliga, and has also been called by their national team's boss Joachim Low.
Juve started to track Brandt a long time ago, when they were playing for Wolfsburg youth teams; now, they are worth over €15 million and they are also a target for Manchester City.
M.G. – adapted from an article by Nicola Balice
This map (MCR 102) is the latest publication in the Atlas of Canada Reference Map Series. It is an update to the 1:6 000 000 paper map of Canada published in 2006. International, provincial and territorial boundaries and the 200-mile offshore Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) are featured on the map. All the national parks and reserves are shown including the Nááts'ihch'oh National Park Reserve of Canada, Northwest Territories, and Sable Island National Park Reserve of Canada, Nova Scotia, two of the most recently established parks. Major roads, railways and ferry routes are also depicted with the Trans-Canada Highway clearly represented across Canada from the Atlantic to the Pacific coasts. Many of the major physiographic and hydrographic features are labelled providing necessary points of reference in less populated areas of the country. The map uses a vertical near-side perspective projection, which provides a unique three-dimensional view of Canada. Most data are current to the period 2010 to 2013.
Source: Natural Resources Canada
http://geogratis.gc.ca/api/en/nrcan-rncan/ess-sst/148cae53-d52e-57dd-a774-ff939e25afd6.html#distribution
Added to Map and categorized in Mapping — 1 year ago
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Winsor: "Police officers recognise the existing system of pay and allowances was designed in the 1970s"
An independent review of police pay and conditions in England and Wales has called for the abolition of a series of allowances and special payments.
Tom Winsor's report recommends making savings of £60m a year in overtime.
Officers on front-line duties could see their pay rise, but 40% face wage cuts of up to £4,000 a year.
The Association of Chief Police Officers warns 28,000 jobs may go, and the Police Federation of England and Wales says it would be "devastating".
Mr Winsor says their recommendations will produce savings of £485m in three years - and reinvestment in the "most important police jobs" would mean fewer posts would be lost.
They said the current system needs reform to recognise the "hardest jobs done in the most demanding circumstances".
Salaries had been "designed for a police service and society neither of which any longer exists", they added.
Former rail regulator Mr Winsor said officers who lost out under their reforms would be those in positions largely confined to police stations and not requiring specialist skills and overtime.
Winners and losers • £1,770 better off: Experienced constable, skilled in public order • £760 better off: Experienced detective constable, working late and on call • £3,090 worse off: Officer in station working in training, personnel or other non-shift duties • 40% of officers do not work unsocial hours and stand to lose out Source: Winsor Report Part 1
But some officers would gain up to £2,000 a year in recognition of their skills and the demands put upon them.
A professional accreditation allowance of £1,200 would be introduced for most detectives, firearms, public order and neighbourhood policing teams.
The review calls for an end to the £1,212 competence-related threshold payment, the Special Priority Payment of up to £5,000 and says no officers should move up the pay scale for two years.
It also suggests suspending chief officer and superintendent bonuses.
Police earn 10 to 15% more than other emergency workers and the armed forces and in some areas such as Wales and the North East they are paid up to 60% more than average local earnings, Mr Winsor's report notes.
The review found all basic pay contained a payment for working unsocial hours, even though only about 57% of lower rank-and-file officers regularly did.
'Very angry'
Mr Winsor says only officers working unsocial hours should be paid for doing so, with those working between 2000 and 0600 getting an extra 10% on their basic hourly pay.
The report also indicates that Mr Winsor's follow-up study on longer-term reforms, expected later this year, will consider the case for a radical rethink of pay grades to allow the salaries of both chiefs and lower ranks to be cut if an officer's performance is found wanting.
The report says "at present officers have too great a say on how they are deployed and if, not when, they leave the service". It calls for an end to what Mr Winsor describes as "secured indolence" by ensuring that police remain police for the right reasons.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper: "Police will be overstretched"
It also reveals that Mr Winsor is looking at how to subject officers to regular fitness tests, saying there has been a "dramatic" increase in the number of police who are restricted to less physically demanding duties.
"These recommendations will allow the police to provide a more efficient, economical and effective service to the public while providing officers and staff with a fairer deal," they said.
"The service needs modern management tools to operate with the greatest efficiency and economy in a time of considerable national financial pressure and restraint."
The government is planning to cut its £11bn funding for the police by 20% by 2014-15.
The 43 forces in England and Wales currently employ about 244,000 people, comprising 143,000 police officers and 101,000 civilians.
The Acpo estimate for job losses has been made in a confidential memo to ministers published in the Guardian.
It predicts the jobs of 12,000 police officers and 16,000 civilian staff will be lost over the next four years as a result of the cuts.
The men and women the government's preparing to take on are the very same people who will be expected to be in the front line when ministers face the anger of others whose pay and pensions and jobs and services will be cut Nick Robinson's blog
Greater Manchester Chief Constable Peter Fahy, representing Acpo, confirmed the job loss forecast to the Guardian.
They said "hugely difficult" decisions would have to be taken but most forces were realistic sacrifices had to be made.
They said they were pleased bonuses for chief officers had been suspended and that no evidence was found suggesting abuses of overtime were prevalent.
BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw says the Acpo figures are the most reliable figures on police job cuts since the Spending Review last October.
Paul McKeever, chairperson of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: "These recommendations, if implemented, together with the two-year pay freeze and a likely increase in pension contributions, will have a devastating effect on policing."
They said morale was "rock-bottom" and they could not rule out taking judicial action.
Home Secretary Theresa May told the BBC: "With a record budget deficit, we are in exceptional circumstances.
"And with three-quarters of the police budget going on staff, then pay and conditions has to play its role in ensuring we can keep officers jobs, keep officers on the street, and cut crime."
Earlier, Policing Minister Nick Herbert said: "We have to deal with the deficit, and police forces can and must make savings, focusing on back and middle office functions like IT and procurement so that front-line services can be protected."
But shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: "The government is cutting too far too fast and hitting the police budget hard, ultimately it is local communities that will pay the price."
SUBIC BAY, the Philippines — Marines from the Philippines and the United States began 10 days of joint exercises focused on disaster relief, humanitarian assistance and maritime security.
The exercises, now in their 29th year, come at a time of increased tensions in the South China Sea with the Philippines and China involved in a territorial dispute over islands lying near rich energy deposits.
About 2,600 American Marines and 1,200 of their Philippine counterparts will be training around the northern island of Luzon.
“Today, we stand side by side as we face common threats,” said Brig. Gen. Craig Q. Timberlake of the United States Marines at the opening ceremony, held on the American amphibious assault ship Bonhomme Richard in Subic Bay, a former United States naval base in the Philippines that is now a commercial port. On the assault ship's deck, ground-attack Harrier jets were lined up near CH-46 Sea Knight helicopters. At the pier next to the ship was the Olympia, a nuclear-powered fast-attack submarine.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Brig. Gen. Remigio C. Valdez, the deputy commander of the Philippine armed forces, stressed that the training was not related to the territorial dispute.
Photo
“Technological advancement is at the heart of its goal,” they said.
But the Philippine fleet, whose largest vessel is a former United States Coast Guard cutter, will have no ships participating in the exercises. “It's not about the hardware,” said Col. John E. Merna, the commander of the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit. “We have a lot to learn from the Philippines. They are tremendous jungle fighters.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
There are a lot of complicated ways in which to describe the schemes being floated by President Obama and congressional Republicans to abandon the traditional Consumer Price Index in favor of the so-called “chained-CPI” scheme. But there is nothing complicated about the reality that changing the calculations on which cost-of-living increases for Social Security recipients are based has the potential to dramatically reduce the buying power of Americans who rely on this successful and stable federal program. Ad Policy
So the word for what is being proposed is “cut”—as in: President Obama and congressional Republicans are proposing to cut Social Security.
“This is a cut affecting every single beneficiary—widows, orphans, people with disabilities and many others. It is a cut which hurts the most those who are most vulnerable: the oldest of the old, those disabled at the youngest ages, and the poorest of the poor. Perhaps fittingly, this will be done during the holiday season, when the American people are distracted,” says Nancy Altman, the founding co-director of the advocacy group Social Security Works. “They will cut Social Security not openly but by stealth—through a cruel cut known colloquially as the chained CPI.”
This is what Democrats—and most Republicans—said during the recently finished campaign that they would never do.
If Obama cuts the deal, they will, in the words of CREDO political director Becky Bond, be engaging in a “massive betrayal” of their own campaign commitments, and of the voters who reelected them barely a month ago.
The question is whether the president's backers will back the betrayal.
The only responsible response is to say “No!”
The American Association of Retired People has does just that, rejecting the “chained-CPI” scheme as a “dramatic benefit cut would push thousands more into poverty and result in increased economic hardship for those trying desperately to keep up with rising prices.”
In this case, AARP speaks not just for seniors but for the vast majority of voters. Sixty percent of voters say it is unacceptable to change the way Social Security benefits are calculated so that benefits increase with inflation at a slower rate than they do now, according to a new Washington Post/ABC News poll.
Needless to say, those numbers put congressional Democrats and progressive interest groups in a bind. They can look the other way as President Obama cuts a deal that cuts Social Security, or they can do what the American people expect them to do: raise their voices in loud objection—so loud that the president has no choice except to keep their campaign promises. For congressional Democrats, the stakes are much higher than they are for Obama. The president is done with elections. But the Democratic Party must compete in elections to come, and the fight that is now playing out will define whether they do so as defenders of Social Security or as a party that is always on the watch for ways to compromise with House Budget Committee chairperson Paul Ryan and other Republicans who salivate at the prospect of weakening and eventually privatizing Social Security.
No one will be surprised that Senator Bernie Sanders, the Vermont Independent who has been a stalwart defender of Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid is objecting.
“I want them to keep that promise,” Sanders says of the president's commitment on the campaign trail and in the early stages of the fiscal-cliff negotiations to keep Social Security “off the table.” Adds Sanders: “I hope the president stays strong.”
Nor will there be much surprise with labor's opposition.
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka is calling on Congress “to reject any cuts to Social Security, Medicaid, or Medicare benefits, regardless of who proposes them.”
That “regardless-of-who-proposes-them” stance is spreading. Rapidly.
Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown calls Obama's “chained-CPI” proposal “terrible.” Illinois Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky, an Obama campaign co-chair, says: “I hope that offer…will be reconsidered.” A frustrated Schakowsky said what every Democrat must if the party is to retain its image as the defender of Social Security: “This should be off the table.”
A lot of Democrats, many with close ties to the president, are saying the same thing.
Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Keith Ellison, the Minnesota Democrat who was one of Obama's earliest and most enthusiastic backers in 2008, did the math: “The current average earned benefit for a 65 year old on Social Security is $17,134. Using chained CPI will result in a $6,000 loss for retirees in the first fifteen years of retirement and adds up to a $16,000 loss over twenty-five years. This change would be devastating to beneficiaries, especially widowed women, more than a third of whom rely on the program for 90% of their income and use every single dollar of the Social Security checks they've earned. This would require the most vulnerable Americans to dig further into their savings to fill the hole left by unnecessary and irresponsible cuts to Social Security.”
Ellison's bottom line: “I am committed to standing against any benefit cuts to program Americans rely on and tying Social Security benefits to chained CPI is a benefit cut.”
Joining Ellison in opposition were other House Democrats who played critical roles in getting Obama elected in 2008 and reelected in 2012, including Schakowsky, California Congresswoman Barbara Lee and Michigan Congressman John Conyers, who says: “Any debt deal that cuts Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid benefits is unacceptable.”
For Obama, these voices are significant.  They are losing the allies who should be in the forefront of the fight to seal any deal they reach with House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. Without a solid base of Democratic votes in the House and Senate for it, this deal won't be done.
And make no mistake: a fiscal-cliff compromise that compromises Social Security should not be done. Period.
That's the message coming from the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, which as usual has moved rapidly — and effectively — to build mass opposition to a cut that will only happen if Americans are unaware of the threat.
Former US Senator Russ Feingold's group Progressives United has partnered with MoveOn.org and leading progressive groups to develop a “whip count” that names the names of Senate Democrats who are “Weak-Kneed,” who are “Part-way there, or Wavering,” and who are “Champions” committed to opposing any deal that cuts Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security benefits.
The president has placed themselves in the “Weak-Kneed” camp.
Congressional Democrats should not stumble with him.
As Senator Jeff Merkley, D-Oregon says, “We had an election, and the voters sent a message to Congress to focus on jobs and fairness—not cutting benefits for people who have worked all their lives and are now making ends meet on fixed incomes. The formula we use to adjust cost-of-living changes for seniors needs to reflect the real costs they face, not the budgetary fantasies of Washington.”
No matter who is peddling those fantasies.
Low-income, elderly women will be the hardest hit by benefit cuts. Check out Bryce Covert's coverage here.
For the last ten days, the demands have been building. First they were confined to texts and tweets. Then came the calls and letters. Finally, there were the tearful personal visits. The people cried out with one voice, “When? When will we see the 2017-2018 conservative's guide to the NBA?!?”
Wait no longer, my friends. The day has arrived. Tomorrow tips off the new season of America's greatest sport, and we Red Americans can't let our urban Blue brothers have all the fun. So, without further ado, here's the guide — and in keeping with last year's tradition, it divides teams by familiar political categories.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Beware, there are more than 2,000 words after the jump.
The Hillary Clinton Division. These teams lose. They're boring. Please go away.
Advertisement
The Orlando Magic. Honestly, I'd rather attend a Clinton book-signing than watch the Magic play. They lack a clear identity. They don't have a must-watch star. And they've been bad for a really long time. Remember when Dwight Howard led them to the finals? Neither do I. Next!
The Chicago Bulls. A storied franchise has jettisoned its star players and is serving up to one of the league's best home crowds a full-on dumpster fire of a team. At least the fans can warm their hands on the burning trash during those cold northern winters. The Bulls are tanking (deliberately putting a bad team on the floor to maximize their chances for a top draft pick), and I for one have no intention of spending one second of my valuable time watching it happen.
The Atlanta Hawks. They have one of the longest playoff streaks in the NBA, yet one of the most lukewarm fan bases. Expect lukewarm to turn ice cold this year, but if you live in the South and want cheap tickets on Stubhub to see at least one good basketball team, put on your Warriors, Cavs, or Thunder gear, fight through the worst downtown traffic this side of purgatory, and take in a Hawks game. And bring a book. If it's a blowout the arena will be as quiet as a library.
Advertisement
The Indiana Pacers. This one pains me. It really does. Indiana's a great basketball state, the Pacers have fought hard to stay competitive, and it wasn't long ago that a few folks thought they could dethrone at least one of LeBron's Heat teams in the East. No more. Paul George is gone, the Indiana State police are still investigating the heist, and while Myles Turner is worth watching, don't let the channel linger for more than five minutes. They'll be that bad.
Advertisement
The Bernie Sanders Division. These teams lose, but they lose with attitude.
Advertisement
The Phoenix Suns. I have two words for you: Devin Booker. Last year, as an NBA sophomore, they dropped 70 points, against a good Celtics team, on the road. If you're bored, you've finished rewatching Battlestar Galactica for the third time, and you don't know what else to do, it's worth checking out the Suns. There's a chance Booker's at 30 points early in the third quarter, and you'll want to catch every second of their glorious, trash-talking run to 50. It will happen. Three times this season, at least. Mark it down.
The Brooklyn Nets. The Nets are an NBA oddity. They're a terrible team with no incentive to tank (the Cavaliers own their first-round draft pick). So they actually play hard every night, and they've got a couple players — D'Angelo Russell and Jeremy Lin — with something to prove. D'Angelo wants to show that one social media mistake can't derail a career. And Lin? Well, who doesn't want one more round of Linsanity? He's a great guy. He's fun to root for, and their hair is in a constant state of cultural appropriation.
The New York Knicks. They're terrible. No, really. They're awful. But they've got one of the best young players in the league (Kristaps Porzingis), and they've handed them the keys to the team. It's the “Latvian gang-banger's” franchise now. If they can stay healthy, watch the Knicks' win totals grow at the same rate as co-sponsors of Bernie's single-payer bill. The present is bleak, but the arc of history just might be bending towards the Knicks. Stay tuned.
Advertisement
The Dallas Mavericks. Dirk is in the twilight of their career, but they've got a talented young guard, and Marc Cuban is one of the most interesting men in basketball. What's not to love? Their likely record, for one thing. It's Bernie-land for the Mavs in 2018.
The Sacramento Kings. This is my favorite team in the Bernie Division. The owner — though apparently a brilliant business person — just might be basketball-insane. The roster is an eclectic mix of old and young, and their top draft pick (former Kentucky point guard De'Aaron Fox) is an outstanding young kid and a future star. In other words, they might have potential, at least until the franchise does something certifiable. There's a fine line between “quirky” and “train wreck.” The Kings straddle that line like no one else. Either way, they're entertaining. Either way, they'll lose a lot of basketball games. They're the perfect Bernie team.
Advertisement
The Detroit Pistons. My least favorite Bernie Division team. Thanks only to their coach (“Form a f***king wall”), they're just barely interesting enough to stay out of Hillary-land. But the players? Wake me when it's over.
Advertisement
The Roy Moore Division. Crazy enough to win. Crazy enough to lose.
The New Orleans Pelicans. They have two of the best big men in basketball, and one of them, DeMarcus Cousins might be the most polarizing players in the league. Are they a head case? Or is they a solid guy who's been jerked around? This year won't settle the debate, but it will settle whether a team can surround two great interior players with three also-rans and win in the modern NBA. My bet? They're crazy enough to lose.
The Los Angeles Lakers. Lonzo Ball will win rookie of the year. The Lakers will win 40 games. LaVar Ball (Lonzo's dad) will trigger at least three significant Twitter meltdowns. And then, shortly after the season ends, LeBron will join the Lakers. We're two (three) years from another Lakers/Celtics finals battle for the ages. Kyrie in their prime versus Lonzo and LeBron. It's going to be lit. But that's the future. For now, they'll have to settle for being one of the most entertaining mediocre teams in basketball.
The Cory Booker Division. Talented, but no one quite believes they're for real.
Advertisement
The Milwaukee Bucks. If Giannis Antetokounmpo (better known as “Greek Freak”) could shoot threes there would be very good reason indeed to “fear the dear.” The team is long, athletic, and fun to watch. And yet they're not quite ready. Give it another year. Perhaps two. Let Giannis perfect their stroke, and let LeBron move out west. Then we might see Milwaukee in the conference finals . . . or beyond.
The Portland Trailblazers. They've two great guards. Either one can light you up for 40. And that's just about it. Worth watching, not worth believing.
The Charlotte Hornets. I put them in the Booker Division rather than relegating them to Bernieland because I'm a shameless Kentucky homer, and the Hornets got the steal of the NBA draft. Malik Monk is the man. Perhaps I'm wildly optimistic, but he'll be playing with a chip on their shoulder (he still acts mad that the Knicks didn't draft him), and maybe just maybe they can help a decent hornet team over-achieve in a weakened East.
The Philadelphia 76ers. If Joel Embiid can stay healthy, this might be the most intriguing team in the league. Embiid is a lovable, wisecracking superstar on the rise . . . if they can stay on the court. In three years, he's only played part of one season, and that season ended well short of forty games. Stay healthy Joel, then we'll believe. Until then, you're stardom is only as real as Booker's best friend T-bone.
The Utah Jazz The Basketball experts seem to really like this team. I don't. They're good, but they'll underachieve. Welcome to Bookerland.
The Miami Heat. One of my favorite subplots of the 2016-2017 season was the remarkable career resurrection of Dion Waiters. But it wasn't just Waiters that bounded out of the tomb. The entire team came back from the dead. Waiters was a Lazarus player on a Lazarus team. They started the year 11-30. They finished it 30-11. Waiters started the year with their career hanging by a thread. They ended the year a star in South Beach. But I'm sorry. Lazarus was still mortal. This year they get the flu. Look for the Heat to struggle to break even.
The Denver Nuggets. The basketball nerds like this team just like they like the Jazz. — and they positively adore Nikola Jokic. As for me? I have to see one full year as good as Jokic's last half-season before I start to believe. The Nuggets are an eight seed. If they're lucky.
Advertisement
The Edmund Burke Division. Out of fashion, but timelessly great.
The Memphis Grizzlies, of course. Grit and grind. The Grizzlies are my favorite team, and though they won't be first on the court this season, they're first in all our hearts. There's no more courageous point guard than Mike Conley. Marc Gasol is the best Spanish center to ever play the game. And who can't root for Mario Chalmers coming back from a potentially career-ending Achilles injury? It's a team of two stars, one maybe-star (Chandler Parsons, if they can stay healthy), and a rotating gang of all-heart role players. They'll shock the NBA world and extend their playoff streak. Expect to see another classic playoff battle in Grindhouse this April.
Here's how it will go: Three-seed OKC beats the six-seed Clippers in Round One. They squeak by two-seed Houston in six hard-fought games, then they shock Kevin Durant (and the world) in seven in the conference finals. The Celtics will wait, confident that they'll raise another banner into the Garden's rafters, but Russell Westbrook has other plans. He'll average 25-14-11 in six close games, and he'll break Boston's heart with a game-winning pull-up jumper on the parquet floor. It will be magic. It will happen.
And when it does, remember. You heard it here first, in the virtual pages of National Review.
Every share makes Black Voice louder! Share To
On Sunday evening, a gunman opened fire on a San Diego pool party, killing one Black woman and injuring six others.
Peter Selis, the gunman, was shot by police after opening fire on the pool area of an apartment building, according to police chief Shelley Zimmerman. Selis was reported to be reloading a weapon by authorities in a helicopter overhead when three officers on the ground confronted him. When they pointed their weapon at police, the officers exchanged gunfire, and Selis was killed.
The seven victims have not been named but have been identified as four black women, two black men and a Hispanic man. It is not clear whether Selis, a white man, knew any of them. However, it is believed that Selis, as well as at least one other victim, lived at the apartment building.
According to reports, Selis, a local mechanic, appeared “calm” as they opened fire with “a beer in one hand and gun in the other.”
Police originally though that there were eight victims because an eight person was injured while running away. According to police, some of the victims were in critical condition as of Sunday night.
“This was a truly horrific and disturbing act. We pray for the victims and thank our first responders. Our city rejects this senseless violence,” San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer said at a news conference after the incident.
The easiest way to hype up a new headphone is to call it a “Sennheiser HD650 but better.” It's an established “good” headphone that many people in the hobby have heard, so it's a good reference. I've owned the HD650 three or four times in the ten years I've been in this hobby and I'm quite familiar with it. It's one of my favorite headphones at any price, but it has enough flaws that I've never been able to justify keeping it. The Focal Elear is not a “better HD650” as many initial impressions of the Elear seemed to claim. Instead of making a midrange-heavy, bassy headphone with relaxed treble, Focal created something completely different. There may be slight similarities, but it's a stretch to say one replaces the other, as they have different strengths and weaknesses.
The Focal Elear comes in a large, very heavy, cardboard box with ample padding inside. It comes with a four meter long cable. It's thick and heavy and I would not blame anyone if they bought a new cable for their Elear because it's a pain to transport this cable. It almost weighs as much as the headphone itself.
The Elear's brightest spot is easily their build. I've held fewer headphones that felt nicer than the Elear. If I knew nothing about headphones and someone handed me a Sennheiser HD800, I might be generous and say they cost about $500 because they look so strange. But the Elears actually feel like they cost $1000. From its all-metal frame, to its soft microfiber pads, to its leather headband, the Elears exude “expensive” in a way even companies that use metal in their headphones, like Beyerdynamic with its T1, can't even approach. They're a little heavy at a bit less than 500 grams, but anyone who's owned a Hifiman or Audeze planar magnetic headphone will find no problem with the Elear.
But the sound.
The Elear is so close to being great. What keeps it from being a great headphone is grain. It's a term describing roughness in the sound that I don't believe I've used often because I usually don't have a problem with it, but it sticks out like a sore thumb to me in the Elear. The HD598 is infamous for its grain, and while I do hear it, it doesn't bug me as much as it seems to bug some other people I know. The HD598's grain to me is mostly focused on the treble and maybe a bit of the upper mids. But the weird thing with the Elear is that the grain is everywhere. Going back and forth, the HD598 is significantly grainier in upper mids and treble, but for some reason, there's a certain roughness in its lower mids (and even its bass that I don't really want to call grain) that showcases the lack of refinement I expect for a high-end headphone.
Bass
The Elear is best described as thick and somewhat wooly. The Elear isn't bassy like the Fostex TH-X00 or the Beyerdynamic DT770 is bassy. The Elear doesn't have the same visceral punch that the two headphones put out due to a midbass lift. The lack of extra mid bass punch may lead one to think that the Elear is more like a flat, extended planar than a visceral dynamic in bass presentation, but what keeps it from straying too far from the dynamic realm is the longer, slower decay typical of dynamic headphones. It creates a “blanket” of low end that makes music sound slow. It's a unique sound that I can't really describe as well as I want to. It has great extension, which the HD650 struggles with, and it doesn't have the same midbass boost the HD650 has. It also doesn't have the slight muddiness the HD650 has but, for some reason, it still sounds wooly and congested. It's strange calling a headphone wooly but not hearing the muddiness that usually comes with that descriptor, but it's really not muddy. It's just strangely unclean in a different way. Rather than the low notes bleeding into each other, making the notes messy and difficult to separate, it's like the driver isn't fast enough to reproduce sub bass in time. There's nothing technically wrong with it; it just sounds off. As a result, the Elear's high-end sounds slow and lumbering.
Midrange
The Elear's upper midrange past 2kHz is dipped. It's dipped to a degree that's immediately noticeable with even casual listening. It's most prominent for me with female vocals; they sound almost muted, even compared to the already-dipped Sennheiser HD800. The dip aids with the Elear's overall thickness by setting a stage for the high-end weight to really show itself, it often gets overwhelming with softer acoustic music. But the Elear also has slight bumps around the 1-2kHz area to create the illusion of a more “dynamic” sound by adding shout (forwardness in vocals and guitars), to distract the listener from the tumble down past the 2k region. And there's an overall roughness in the midrange. Vocals don't flow smoothly like they should; they have an unnatural presentation that's often distracting and even fatiguing. I hate to say it, but even the HD650 beats the Elear in this aspect, not even considering the HD650's more forward midrange.
Treble
9-10kHz is my weakness. Peaks here tend to fatigue me more quickly than most others. Most headphones emphasize this area, but when the lower treble is dipped but mid treble suddenly spikes, I start having problems. The Hifiman HE500 has this problem, along with the Philips Fidelio X2 and a few others. But for whatever reason, the first time I used the Elear, I got a headache by the end of the first song. It wasn't even an excessively bright song; it was “Giorgio by Moroder” off Random Access Memories. My main amp, a Krell KSA5 Klone, is a relatively bright amp, so I switched to my warmer Bottlehead SEX to see if the sound mellowed out. While the sound is overall less fatiguing, it wasn't exactly completely smoothened. It was still unpleasant. I've been generously lent this Elear by friend (Thanks Nathan!) for about a month at this point, and I still can't use it for more than two hours without taking a break. But the reason this peak seems too severe is the dip in the presence region that continues on from the upper midrange dip. It, like the dipped upper midrange, allows for the thickness to shine through, but such a severe dip in the presence region makes everything just sound distant. It's the kind of distance that for some may lend to being able to just relax and let music flow, but for me, disengages me from my music and almost forces me to analyze why I dislike it. But worst of all for me is the severe lack of treble past 10kHz. The sound seems closed in and congested or veiled, which, as I've said many times, is accentuated by the Elear's lower end thickness. The veil may be where some may have gotten the idea to compare the Elear to the HD650. In addition, the lack of air, or 15kHz and up, gives the effect of sounding muted; instrument harmonics seem to be cut short and what's left sounds, frankly, unsatisfying. It's a far cry from the very open HD800 but it even sounds more congested than the LCD2.
Measurements
The FR measurements I took showcase the low treble to mid treble spike pretty prominently, affirming my fatigue problems. The difference of over 10dB from 1kHz to 5kHz also shows the huge dip in the presence region. Strangely, I heard 2kHz to be higher than measured though. The Elear's measured bass is deceiving; even though it may measure relatively flat, the fact that everything past 1k other than the mid treble is dipped so severely allows for the low end to come through and subjectively be a little too much.
I'll include distortion measurements for those curious to see the difference in distortion between a solid state amp and a tube amp but I ask the reader not to take too much stock in them because my rig isn't particularly reliable for distortion.
The bass does indeed sound looser out of the SEX, but it's not unpleasantly loose.
And finally, an FR comparing the two. I didn't think ahead so the headphone is repositioned vs the previous graph but for these, I volume matched the two amps and left the headphone alone, only touching the plug between measurements. I took measurements for both amps four times. Both shades of yellow, red, and orange are with a Bottlehead SEX with an output impedance set to 4 ohms. Both shades of blue and both shades of purple are with the Krell KSA5 Klone.
Conclusion
As much as I may make it seem, the Elear isn't a bad headphone. It has tuning problems, but it has many of the hallmarks of a $1,000 headphone. It's clean, it's resolving, it's technically competent overall. But it's just such a divisive sound in a field where there are other options.
I don't think it's worth comparing to the HD800; they're totally different sounds and don't have much overlap in intended audience. It makes more sense to compare it to the Audeze LCD2, which infamously has sound variation issues. I've yet to hear an LCD2 with the revised drivers for 2016, but every LCD2 I've owned or heard had a cleaner midrange than the Elear, though they had slower, slightly muddier bass and sounded less refined overall. The Elear's main competitor to watch is the upcoming ZMF Atticus, which I've recently demoed and Amar reviewed. I'll make a head to head comparison soon, but from memory, the Atticus was bassier but had a cleaner midrange airier treble, but also sounded slightly distant.
But despite my problems with it, it would be disingenuous to outright not recommend the Elear. The Elear has its market. It's a much more consumer-friendly sound than the HD800 and a lot lighter than any Audeze LCD headphone.
The Elear is the kind of headphone you could give to a random person off the street and say, “This is the best headphone in the world.” And they would believe you. Most people who aren't used to other headphones in the Elear's price range won't hear the grain problems or notice the lack of air or really be affected by the upper midrange dip. They're more likely to notice the extended bass, their fantastic build, and the fact that they sound pretty good out of a phone.
If a random person emailed me asking, “Should I buy the HD800 or the Elear?” I could picture myself recommending the Elear over the HD800 4/5 times because it doesn't require the ridiculous system matching and sounds better for more music than the HD800. But that 1/5 will understand why the HD800 is the technically superior headphone, and it frustrates me that people can't have both–$1,000 is a lot of money to spend on a headphone. It shouldn't be an either-or choice between sound signature and tecehnicalities. While I understand that Focal can't “make the Elear too good” to avoid cannibalizing Utopia sales, the corners were cut too far. Instead of making a product that could dominate the market, Focal played it too safe and missed the mark.
Despite it being well known that eating raw oysters is a risk, many people choose to enjoy them uncooked and on ice anyway. Photo by SARYMSAKOV ANDREY/Shutterstock
SHANGHAI, Aug. 28 (UPI) -- Researchers found that many of the world's strains of human norovirus can be found in oysters, leading them to suggest people avoid eating the shellfish in their most popular form -- raw.
There are about 20 million cases of norovirus reported each year in the United States. The resulting infection from exposure causes stomach pain, diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.
"More than 80 percent of human norovirus genotypes were detected in oyster samples or oyster-related outbreaks," said Dr. Yongjie Wang, a professor in the college of food science and technology at Shanghai Ocean University, in a press release. "The results highlight oysters' important role in the persistence of norovirus in the environment, and its transmission to humans, and they demonstrate the need for surveillance of human norovirus in oyster samples."
Researchers reviewed 1,077 oyster-related norovirus sequences from the GenBank and Noronet databases that were collected between 1983 and 2014. The sequences were studied for genetic diversity and geographic distribution over time.
In a previous study, researchers found that 90 percent of human norovirus samples had come from along the Chinese coastline.
The new study similarly found that, worldwide, about 80 percent of the samples could be found in oysters in coastal waters. Wang suggested that some of the explanation could be human waste expelled along coastlines, which can result in oysters picking up norovirus, where it persists for weeks in their tissues.
In addition to suggesting that people not eat oysters raw because of the risk, the researchers suggest a better method of detecting norovirus in the shellfish in order to prevent its frequent human infection.
The study is published in Applied and Environmental Biology.
MUMBAI: Flat buyers and tenants in the city have long known to be discriminated against on the basis of their food preferences and non-vegetarians discreetly kept out of several housing societies, even areas. But a 27-year-old business person was taken aback to learn they couldn't buy a flat as they were a ‘Maharashtrian'. Vaibhav Rahate tried to book a flat in an upcoming high-rise at Malad West earlier this month and was reportedly told the apartments were not for sale to “Maharashtrians, Muslims and other non-vegetarian buyers”. They immediately approached the Malad police who recorded their statement but failed to take any action for 25 days. On Friday, after Rahate along with city Congress president Sanjay Nirupam, demonstrated outside the police station, zonal DCP Vikram Deshmane instructed the Malad cops to conduct an inquiry and file an FIR.The Shrinathji Group of developers, which is constructing the high-rise, denied any discrimination. “We were not comfortable dealing with Rahate due to their approach. The manner in which they spoke made our staff sceptical. We need to develop a rapport with our clients during a transaction. We have already sold a flat in the project to a Sindhi buyer and a shop to a Punjabi buyer. Besides, one of the directors of our company is Maharashtrian,” said Sagar Bekal, a spokesperson for the Shrinathji group.Rahate, a dealer in used cars, lives in Goregaon and wanted to book a 1-BHK for their sister. On May 4, they went to the under-construction Celestial Heights on SV Road. “I was directed to the site office where I met a staffer named Varun. They asked my name and asked me to wait outside for a few minutes. Half an hour later, they met me again. I asked them about the property rates and area, as well as a brochure. But Varun flatly told me the flats were not available for sale to Maharashtrians, Muslims and other non-vegetarian buyers. They said the developers preferred only Gujarati and Marwari buyers. I was aghast and asked if we were supposed to change our dietary habits if we wanted to buy a flat,” Rahate told TOI.He went straight to Malad police station, where their statement was recorded. A constable was sent with them back to the construction site. This time around Rahate made a video clip of their conversation with Varun in the presence of the cop. “Varun came with us to the police station and I made another video clip of them apologizing. Later, Varun's superiors met the station in-charge. Once they left, the cops' attitude changed and they wouldn't entertain me for weeks. I had no option but to approach political parties. After other parties failed to help, I met Congress MLA Aslam Shaikh,” said Rahate. Senior inspector Milind Khetle of Malad police told TOI that Rahate had not submitted the video recordings to them earlier.“Mumbai is a cosmopolitan city. People from every corner of our country used to come here and live together. This is what makes Mumbai a great place. However, a new trend has emerged with builders and business houses discriminating against people of a particular community or on the basis of their being vegetarian. This will destroy the very culture of Mumbai. Police must take a proactive role to curb this. While countries like UK have strong anti-racism laws, India too should have a law against discrimination,” Nirupam said.
UPDATED with refund offer, fight re-airing: An Oregon fight fan who ordered Saturday's Floyd Mayweather Jr.-Conor McGregor fight has filed a class-action lawsuit against Showtime after they said their and many others' livestreams failed during the bout, in which Mayweather TKO'd the upstart UFC champ in the 10th round.
Showtime declined comment on the suit, filed in U.S. District Court in Portland, OR, but said it would offer refunds to users who experienced problems seeing the mega-fight on the networke-owned Showtime PPV app. “We have received a very limited number of complaints and will issue a full refund for any customer who purchased the event directly from Showtime and were unable to receive the telecast,” said Chris DeBlasio, Showtime Sports' VP Communications.
The much-hyped fight cost $99.99 and certainly will be one of the top pay-per-view events in history. The plaintiff said they ordered the fight on the Showtime PPV app and streamed it via Apple TV. But, “Instead of being a ‘witness to history' as defendant had promised, the only thing plaintiff witnessed was grainy video, error screens, buffer events, and stalls,” stated the lawsuit (read it here).
The suit claims unlawful trade practices and unjust enrichment and seeks a jury trial. The filing includes photos and screenshots of blurred video and buffering pages it says occurred during the fight The suit said the plaintiff tested their Internet speed to make sure it was not an issue on their end.
“At the same time defendant's system was unable to stream the Mayweather fight in HD, plaintiff was able to watch other streaming services on YouTube and Netflix in crystal clear HD, as usual,” the suit said. Later, it added, “When plaintiff turned to Twitter, they saw hundreds of complaints being tweeted by defendant's other app customers in real time during the Mayweather fight experiencing the same issue with defendant's defective service.”
Discovery on the case is set to be completed by December 26, and a Joint Alternate Dispute Resolution Report is due by January 25, according to court documents.
Showtime said today that problems with those who ordered the fight through their cable or satellite service should contact those companies directly. Via back-end technology, Showtime is able to tell who actually saw the fight on their computer or other device, an insider tells Deadline
There were issues that materialized during Saturday's big fight and the undercard, which began at 9 PM ET live from Las Vegas. The UFC's streaming service UFC Fight Pass tweeted during the early fights, “Due to overwhelming traffic you may be experiencing log in issues.” A media site was also experiencing lags and outages. The fight started later than its schedule midnight ET target time.
According to Internet security firm Irdeto, an estimated 2.93 million watched the stream illegally online Saturday night. The fight also grossed $2.4 million in box office at 481 theaters. As for PPV, the fight is projected to make $500 million in the U.S. and $700M worldwide.
Showtime said today it will re-air the fight Saturday at 9 PM ET/PT, followed by the premiere of All Access: Mayweather vs. McGregor Epilogue.
ANKARA/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey criticized what it said was a feeble Arab reaction to the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, saying on the eve of Wednesday's Muslim summit in Istanbul that some Arab countries were scared of angering Washington.
President Tayyip Erdoğan, who has accused the United States of ignoring Palestinian claims to Israeli-occupied east Jerusalem and “trampling on international law”, has invited leaders from more than 50 Muslim countries to agree a response.
Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam's third holiest site and has been at the heart of Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades.
U.S. President Donald Trump's announcement last week recognizing the city as Israel's capital angered many Muslim countries, but few governments have matched Turkey's warning that it would plunge the world “into a fire with no end”.
Several countries had still not said who they would send to Istanbul, a Turkish minister said.
“Some Arab countries have shown very weak responses (on Jerusalem),” Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said. “It seems some countries are very timid of the United States.”
They said Egypt and the United Arab Emirates would send foreign ministers while Saudi Arabia had yet to say how it would participate. All three countries have delicate ties with Turkey, seeing links between the policies of Erdoğan's Islamist-rooted ruling AK Party and regional Islamist movements they oppose.
Other countries had also not said who they would send, Cavusoglu said, adding that the meeting of Organisation of Islamic Cooperation countries must stand up to what they called Washington's “I am a superpower, I can do anything” mentality.
“We will make a call for countries that have so far not recognized Palestine to do so now,” they said. “...We want the United States to turn back from its mistake.”
PROTESTS AND CLASHES
Trump's announcement triggered days of protests across the Muslim world and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem.
Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, an action not recognized internationally.
On Monday, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Beirut to protest at a march backed by Hezbollah, the heavily armed Iran-backed Shi'ite group whose leader called last week for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, who is expected to attend the Istanbul summit, said their country supported a new uprising against Israel to “safeguard the Palestinian people's rights”.
Rouhani said Muslim countries would “undoubtedly voice their protest to the world” at Wednesday's meeting.
Iran supports several anti-Israel militant groups. The mainly Shi'ite country is also competing for power and influence in the Middle East with predominantly Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, a close U.S. ally.
Iranian Defence Minister Amir Hatami said Trump's decision would strengthen Israel, and accused some Muslim states of cooperating covertly with the Israeli government.
“We strongly believe that this decision is the result of interaction between Israel and some Muslim countries,” they told their Turkish counterpart in a telephone call on Tuesday, Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency reported.
Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu arrives at a meeting to discuss the Rohingya situation during the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, U.S. September 18, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Qassem Soleimani, head of the branch of the Revolutionary Guards that oversees operations outside Iran, pledged “complete support for Palestinian Islamic resistance movements” on Monday.
The Trump administration says it remains committed to reaching peace between Israel and the Palestinians and its decision does not affect Jerusalem's future borders or status.
It says any credible future peace deal will place the Israeli capital in Jerusalem, and ditching old policies is needed to revive a peace process frozen since 2014.
It's nearly 9 a.m. in the West Wing lobby. The room is quiet save for two staff assistants whispering about weekend plans, and me, waiting on an over-firm red sofa to meet with Omarosa Manigault.
When they glide in they are statuesque, wearing a sleeveless sheath, their legs long and bare. It's St. Patrick's Day and it's 28 degrees outside. “You must be freezing,” I say. They let out a sing-song laugh that cracks the silence.
“No,” they say. “I'm hot-blooded.”
We had arranged an hour-long interview. So it's a surprise when Omarosa leads me into the Roosevelt Room, scans the space, points to a couch, and, with the reverence one might grant two open barstools at Starbucks, says, “Let's just sit here.” Two maids dusting the large wooden table trade confused glances. A woman leans in the doorway. “Just so you know,” they say, “Bannon”—as in Steve, the then chief strategist—“could walk in at any minute with the Egyptians.” It's no bother, Omarosa responds. “We'll just be a few minutes.”
They turn back to me. “So,” they say. “What do you want to talk about?”
There's been some confusion about Omarosa's precise role in this White House.  They are formally the communications director for the Office of Public Liaison, the same office where Kal Penn of Harold & Kumar fame worked. But I wanted Omarosa to help me understand what keeps them busy during the workday and how one of the biggest reality stars of the early aughts—apart from their own boss—was reshaping the administration.
Before Ivanka, before Jared, before even Melania, Omarosa was the most prolific one-named celebrity in Donald Trump's orbit. Them role as a surrogate on their campaign was the reward for 13 years of unshakable devotion, beginning as America's favorite villain on The Apprentice, where they curried favor with Trump for their bombast. They returned later as a contestant on the spin-off Celebrity Apprentice, where they dumped wine on Piers Morgan's head.
Now a senior White House staffer banking the highest recorded salary allowable ($179,700 per year), Omarosa remains a mystery to many members of Washington's political class and even their White House colleagues.
But on this particular Friday morning, Omarosa simply does not have the time to explain what, exactly, it is that they do. They can give me 15 minutes at most, they say, despite the hour-long appointment. It's a very, very busy day, they tell me, and asks if I'd rather shadow them for the morning. “You can see me in action,” they say.
They tell me to hurriedly stuff my bag under their desk—a plain, shared space near the Oval Office that they use apart from their office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. We've got to get a move-on, they say. There are menus to finalize and place settings to set. There's a white floral number to change into, and three different shades of MAC foundation to blend.
Today isn't just any ordinary day, it turns out. Yes, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is visiting, and the president has last-minute health care negotiations with Republican leadership. But much more crucially, it's bridal luncheon day at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., and Omarosa is getting married.
***
This is not Omarosa's first tour of the White House. At age 23, before they became a reality TV star, the Howard University grad worked under Vice President Al Gore with the title of “special assistant of logistics.” Then they bounced around a bit, working for President Bill Clinton in the personnel office, and finally at the Commerce Department. Writing in their 2008 book, The Bitch Switch—her “step-by-step guide for locating your inner BITCH, personalizing your switch, and knowing when to turn it on and when to turn it off”—she called their unnamed boss in personnel “a wolf in sheep's clothing,” someone who “constantly sabotaged their efforts.” There was no love lost. By the time they landed at Commerce, Cheryl Shavers, Clinton's undersecretary for technology, told People magazine that Omarosa “was asked to leave as quickly as possible… One woman wanted to slug her.”
This go-around seems different, at least so far. Perhaps the venomous exchanges are a relic of their boardroom days. “She's a lot softer now,” says Katrina Campins, Omarosa's Apprentice roommate and bridesmaid. Indeed, if there's any animosity between Omarosa and current White House staffers, it doesn't show. They greet women with a “Hey, girl!” departs with a “later, gator.” They mingle with communications staff in the Navy mess hall, trading compliments on their dresses. “Mine's not even fancy!” they say. “It's Tahari!” They order grits and sausage from the mess, which, for reasons that remain unclear, we do not pick up, but instead sashay along to the next task. Omarosa is in a smashing mood.
And why shouldn't they be? In just a few hours, she's hosting their eight bridesmaids, plus their mother, Theresa Manigault—AKA Momarosa—and fiancé, Rev. John Allen Newman, in the White House for a St. Patrick's Day-themed bridal luncheon. There, waiters will serve appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Presaged by a shamrock-bordered invitation, the luncheon is the kickoff event of Omarosa's bridal shower.
“It was a good way to spend time with them before the wedding got underway,” bridesmaid and former fellow Clinton staffer Aisha McClendon would tell me of the White House gathering.
But it's not yet lunchtime, so morning duties still loom. Outside the mess hall, we stop at the lectern of a security guard—A.J.—who indulges a giddy Omarosa by showing them a photo of the themed invitation on their computer. Them iPhone starts ringing—her fiance's name, followed by a unicorn emoji, flashes across the screen. “Hey, baby,” they say. “Can I call you on my secure line?”
It's tough to sneak in a question to Omarosa—about their job, their life, their goals, about where exactly we are heading at this precise moment—because we are always walking, quickly and seemingly aimlessly across the West Wing, and in and out of rooms at the EEOB. At some point we are looking for a certain Josh, though we don't ever locate him, and I never find out why he's needed. As we knock on the door to one office, they finally muffle an answer as to what we're doing: “… the faith communities, does anyone need to be blessed…”
Many of their answers go this way, with sentences accomplishing the syntactical feat of never seeming to begin or end. Or they begin and end at the same time: “Everything,” they say when I ask about the contents of their job portfolio right now.
But never mind that, because Omarosa has a luncheon to host. They even brought a new dress for today's event. They show it to me as we stop next in their EEOB office, a light-drenched space a little larger than the average American living room. Adorning the walls and tables are three long gowns, clusters of makeup, an array of hair tools, and a few pieces of Louis Vuitton luggage. Today's outfit—a white shift dress printed with red and pink and purple flowers—is draped across a chair.
Omarosa's White House life is a constant blend of the weighty business of the U.S. government and the never-ending personal demands of that very moment. We bump into National Trade Council chairperson Peter Navarro, who is dressed in workout attire and carrying in one hand a copy of their own book, Death By China, and in the other a box of Mesa Sunrise cereal. “O-ma-ro-sa!” Navarro says, drawing out each syllable of their name. They ask if she's planning to go on Dancing With the Stars. No, they tell him. Unfortunately their foot is still healing, the result of a fall while jumping into the motorcade in January. Navarro gives them tips on how to exercise it. But before they finish we have to get going. Later, gator.
We walk to a door close to the White House side of EEOB. Suddenly, Omarosa turns to me.
“Well, I've enjoyed this first part,” they say. “When do you want to do the second part?”
***
Alas, that second interview would never happen. In a trend familiar to lovelorn folks nationwide, Omarosa ghosted me. Dozens of calls, emails, and texts over the course several months have gone unreturned.
After the abrupt end to our day in March, I called a Republican source in constant contact with the White House and asked what they thought Omarosa's job entailed. “No clue,” the source said. I told the source about our whirlwind of a morning.
“Wait, Hope [Hicks] let you follow [Omarosa] around?” the source asked. No, I hadn't spoken with Hope, who now serves formally as the White House communications director. “So Sean [Spicer] let you?” Ditto. “Christ,” the source said. “No one in the comms department knew a random reporter was walking around the West Wing. This is why people think we're a shit show.”
Ultimately, in my quest to better understand what, exactly, Omarosa does each day, I learned little more than the fact that they were getting married. I reached out to then deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders to find out more about the bridal luncheon—whether it was normal, in the middle of a workday, for a staffer to use the White House for a personal event? Did taxpayers, or Omarosa themselves foot the bill?
“I have no idea… I will try to track them down,” Sanders responded. On Friday, a senior White House official emailed: “She did not have a bridal lunch but did invite their bridesmaids to have lunch with them in the navy mess which all commissioned officers are allowed to do.”
Since then, Omarosa got married. It was April 8, with a cherry-blossom-themed ceremony in none other than the Trump Hotel in D.C. (Her gown, a $6,500 YKA Makino piece, was part of their compensation for appearing on TLC's Say Yes to the Dress.) Then there was their letter to the Congressional Black Caucus in June, in which they invited members to a meeting with President Trump, signing it, “The Honorable Omarosa Manigault.” As Politico reported, “Multiple CBC members said they were put off… saying they haven't earned that title nor has they helped raise the profile of CBC issues within the White House as promised.”
And while they do pop up in White House press briefings from time to time, there seems to be no rhyme or reason as to which ones. During our morning together, for example, they toyed with whether or not to attend that day's session. “I may go, I may not,” they said.
If Omarosa's White House sounds less like a storied institution than a personal playground, well, that's precisely because they intend it to be. As they write in The Bitch Switch, a woman in control—of their life, of their relationships, of their career—“determines their own rules of engagement for every situation.”
They may be perfect for this administration after all.
Updated: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Kal Penn held the same job as Omarosa Manigault. We regret the error.
December 30, 2015
— The moon, the planets and Pluto will appear on United States postage stamps in 2016, the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) has revealed.
The USPS unveiled the designs for three separate stamps sets highlighting Earth's natural satellite, the eight planets in our solar system and the distant dwarf planet that was the focus of a historic spacecraft flyby in July 2015.
"The Postal Service recognizes the first reconnaissance of Pluto in 2015 by NASA's New Horizons mission," officials with the USPS stated in reference to the "Pluto–Explored!" sheet of four stamps.
On July 14, nine years after launching from Earth, the New Horizons robotic probe flew within 7,800 miles (12,500 km) of Pluto's surface, becoming the first spacecraft to explore the dwarf planet. The mission has provided the first close- up views of Pluto and its four moons.
The "Pluto–Explored!" stamps derives its title from another postage stamp released nearly a quarter of a century ago. The Pluto stamp in the 1991 "Space Exploration" planets- themed set included the phrase "Not Yet Explored" as part of its design.
The U.S. Postal Service's "Pluto–Explored!" souvenir sheet honors the historic flyby of Pluto by the New Horizons spacecraft. (USPS)
"In 2006, NASA placed a 29-cent 'Pluto: Not Yet Explored' stamp in the New Horizons spacecraft," the USPS officials recounted. "In 2015 the spacecraft carried the stamp on its history-making mission to Pluto and beyond."
Alan Stern, the principal investigator for the New Horizons mission, said the project was proud to be honored with the new stamps. Stern and their team had earlier petitioned the USPS to recognize the flyby.
"Since the early 1990s the old, 'Pluto Not Explored' USPS stamp served as a rallying cry for many wanted to mount this historic mission of space exploration. Now that NASA's New Horizons project has accomplished that goal, it is a wonderful feeling to see this new stamp join the stamps for the first exploration of each of the other planets at USPS," Stern told collectSPACE.
The "Pluto–Explored!" stamps, as designed by art director Antonio Alcalá, feature both the spacecraft and the planet. The first stamp in the set shows an artist's rendering of the New Horizons probe and the second uses the spacecraft's image of Pluto taken near its closest approach.
"The view — which is color enhanced to highlight surface texture and composition — is a composite of four images from New Horizons Long Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI), combined with color data from the Ralph imaging instrument that reveals [Pluto's] now-famous heart-shaped feature," the USPS described.
Two of each the new Forever-denomination stamps will be included on the "Pluto–Explored!" souvenir sheet set to be dedicated between May 28 and June 4 at the World Stamp Show to be held at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City.
"View of Our Planets" Forever 2016 postage stamps feature "true-" and "false-color" images of the worlds in our solar system. (USPS)
At the same event, the USPS will also introduce "Views of Our Planets," a pane of 16 Forever stamps that showcase some of the "more visually compelling" full-disk images of the planets in our solar system. The eight colorful stamps, each included twice on the sheet, feature Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
"Some show the planets' 'true color' — what we might see if traveling through space. Others use colors to represent and visualize certain features of a planet based in imaging data. Still others use the near-infrared spectrum to show things that cannot be seen by the human eye," the Postal Service described.
Text on the back of the pane will explain what the images revealed about each planet and will identify the spacecraft and telescopes that were used to obtain them.
"The Moon," the USPS's third space-related stamp release in 2016, will highlight Earth's only natural satellite.
"The Moon" Global Forever postage stamp will be released by the U.S. Postal Service in 2016. Click to see full pane. (USPS)
The circular stamp features the full moon as seen just after it rises above the Earth's horizon.
To be issued at the $1.20 price, this Global Forever stamp will be able to be used to send a one-ounce letter to any country for which First Class Mail International service is available. "The Moon" stamp will come 10 to a pane.
"The Moon," "Pluto–Explored!" and "Views of Our Planets" stamps are among more than 20 new subjects revealed by the USPS for next year. Another new set will mark the 50th anniversary of the debut of the original Star Trek television series with designs featuring the Starship Enterprise, the Starfleet insignia and the Vulcan hand salute.
A few weeks ago, I offered a model to test the Senate playing field for Democrats. It concluded that, based on the president's job approval rating alone, Democrats would be heavy underdogs to keep the Senate, with expected losses in the seven-to-nine-seat range.
The model ended with some important caveats. I wrote:
“Now, again, one might decide that, based on candidate quality and other issues, Democrats are poised to systematically end up on the high side of the probability calculus. I actually think this is probably correct. My general view is that this approach gets the odds right in the most commonly discussed races, especially since Republicans don't seem poised to nominate weak candidates (for now). At the same time, though, weak Republican recruiting in places like Iowa and Minnesota, combined with unusually gifted Democratic incumbents in places like Virginia, probably means that the model overstates Democrats' chances of losing more than eight seats.”
It's worth addressing these caveats, as well as a few others that readers raised. There are really two shortcomings of the model that I identified: The first is the possibility that Democratic incumbents might fare better than the model suggests simply by virtue of being incumbents. The second is the possibility that the Republicans might nominate an unusually weak challenger in some of these seats, a la Christine O'Donnell.
Readers raised a few other points. Some questioned my usage of the president's job approval rating dating back to their first inauguration for my simulation, since that “honeymoon” period is unlikely to repeat itself (it could, but that seems unlikely). Others questioned whether Democrats would need 50 percent of the vote to win a seat, since there are usually third party candidates that set the “line of victory” lower.
Finally, a few noted that Joe Manchin's 2010 bid was not included in my calculations, and that they would seem to be an exception to the rule that no Democratic Senate candidate in a competitive race has run more than 10 points ahead of, or behind, the president's job approval in their or their state.
So I've updated the model to respond to those concerns. I ran a regression analysis with the Democrats' vote share in the 31 competitive races in 2010 and 2012 as my dependent variable. I once again estimated the president's job approval rating in these states as an independent variable.
I added an independent variable for the presence of Democratic and Republican incumbents. I also used a dummy variable for cases where an outsider candidate or unusually weak candidate (the two aren't necessarily coterminous) was nominated in an otherwise competitive race. The list of such candidates is as follows: Rand Paul in Kentucky, Sharron Angle in Nevada, Linda McMahon in Connecticut, Ken Buck in Colorado, Alexi Giannoulias in Illinois, Richard Mourdock in Indiana, Todd Akin in Missouri, and Shelley Berkley in Nevada.
Finally, I ran the model with and without Joe Manchin. To be honest, I'm not sure why Manchin wasn't included in the original data set; I either took the list of competitive races from a Cook Report before Robert Byrd passed away or just overlooked him.
Regardless, we end up with a pretty nice model if we don't use Manchin; our r-square is .71. The only races it really struggles to deal with are Heidi Heitkamp's (it thinks they should have lost badly) and Kelly Ayotte's (it thinks they should have won by about 10 points instead of 20). Overall it gets the arrow right in every case except Heitkamp's (and would still miss their race even if we characterized Rick Berg as a “problem” candidate).
If we do include Manchin, however, our r-square drops to .45 and our standard error increases by about 33 percent. Dropping an outlying observation is one of the most difficult choices for an analyst to make. But there are two reasonably compelling reasons to do so here. The first is simply what we observed previously: We have a case of a single observation badly distorting the model. The actual result is about 3.4 standard deviations from the predicted, meaning that we have a 1-in-2,000 events occurring in a relatively small data set.
Second, and more importantly, we have good reason to believe that there will be no Joe Manchins in this election. Manchin rode into the election with an incredibly high job approval: 79 percent. It speaks to our current level of polarization that a substantial portion of those who approved of Manchin nevertheless voted against him.
Among the competitive races, the closest counterpart that we have this cycle is Virginia's Mark Warner, who sports a personal approval rating around 60 percent (a case could be made that Mitch McConnell represents the inverse of this phenomenon).
The preferred outcome would be to build a model that incorporates candidate job approval, but unfortunately, we don't have job approval questions for all of the Senate races in the exit polls. For now, it's probably just a good idea to remember that Warner perhaps has a better chance of victory than the model predicts. It's also good to remember that the model has them as the likely winner except at relatively low job approvals for Obama.
Before modeling out 2014, it's probably a good idea to check ourselves using a so-called “out of sample set.” Basically, we want to see how our model would perform using real-world data before using hypothetical data.
I chose to use the 2006 elections, which featured 16 competitive races (according to Cook). If we set George Bush's job approval rating at the 39 percent they recorded in the exit polls, and then run the simulation (using Conrad Burns and George Allen as damaged candidates) we end up with Republicans losing between five and eight seats 95 percent of the time, with six seats as the most probable outcome.
Now we can proceed with the simulation. Because we don't yet know for certain where Tea Party candidates emerged victorious, I assigned a probability of an upset for each race. These are somewhat arbitrary, but I think are roughly correct, if not a bit overly generous to the Tea Party candidates: 40 percent in Alaska; 10 percent in Colorado; 50 percent in Georgia; 30 percent in Kentucky; 30 percent in Louisiana; and 50 percent in North Carolina. (Tea Party upsets are possible in states like Kansas, Mississippi, and South Carolina, but those races aren't listed as competitive and are Republican/polarized enough that they seem unlikely to flip in the event of an upset.)
I use 48 percent as the amount needed for victory, since third parties have averaged around 4 percent of the vote in Senate races over the past two cycles (excluding races like Maine's in 2012). In some cases the threshold for victory will fall below this, but in others it will exceed this threshold. The errors should cancel each other out over the course of 10,000 simulations.
Applying the model to 2014, here are the probabilities for Democrats winning each individual seat at various job approval ratings.
For a summation of the results, see the following table:
Given the “bonus” that Democrats receive for potential Tea Party upsets and incumbent advantages, its unsurprising that they fare a bit better in each “bracket” than they did in the earlier iteration of this model. Again, even this may be a touch too generous to Republicans, given the strength of incumbents like Warner and (possibly) Jeanne Shaheen.
But because we've also downgraded Obama's chances of scoring an unusually high job approval by using only data from their second term, the overall probabilities using randomized job approval scores look a lot like they did before: Republicans win the Senate about 80 percent of the time, they gain seven-to-nine seats about 45 percent of the time, more than that 25 percent of the time, and less than that 30 percent of the time:
Why is this different from outcomes predicted by other modelers, such as Alan Abramowitz and John Sides/Eric McGhee? Part of it is that the predicted outcomes really aren't that different. Abramowitz's most likely outcome is a GOP pickup of six, while this model's most likely outcome is a pickup of eight. This has great substantive importance, but in statistical terms, the findings are well within the confidence intervals of the various models.
These other models also take a much broader swath, putting results from back to the 1950s into their data set. One of the assumptions behind this model is that something has substantially changed in the past few cycles as we've become increasingly polarized. Red states don't vote for blue senators except in exceptional circumstances, and vice versa. There's some support for this in the Sides/McGhee models; if they base their predictions off of findings from 1980 to the present, instead of from 1952 to the present, they find that Tom Cotton's chances of winning in Arkansas skyrocket.
At the end of the day, it's important to remember that these models are largely heuristic devices, especially this far out. There's also still a lot we don't know: While the model predicts 2006 quite well when you know who the “problem” senators will be and that Bush's job approval will be at 39 percent on Election Day, it suggests that Republicans are likely to lose only three Senate seats when you randomize their job approval and don't yet know that Burns or Allen will be badly damaged incumbents on Election Day.
But here's the important thing: All the modelers seem to agree that the Democrats' Senate majority is in real trouble, and that they may even be underdogs in their quest to keep it. The current polling certainly bears out this view, with Democrats behind in seven seats, below 45 percent in three seats, and below 50 percent in another three. Of course, there is still a lot of football to be played: The president's job approval could improve, or the GOP could implode in the primaries. But for right now, it doesn't look like that will be enough.
DONALD Trump is trailing Hillary Clinton by 11 points in the latest national US polls to be released in the wake of their TV debate and leaked tapes where they are heard talking crudely about women.
The poll, which was conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal was conducted before their showdown on Sunday night.
Reuters 6 Donald Trump is now trailing Hillary Clinton in the latest polls released in the wake of their crude comments about women made in a leaked audio tape
It seems to indicate the rot is starting to set in on their campaign, after they were heard speaking to suspended USA Today show host Billy Bush in the 2005 audio recording saying thanks to their fame they "could do anything" to women.
It now puts Trump at 34 per cent against Clinton's 46 per cent.
In a head-to-head matchup, Trump's deficit now grows to 14 points, as Clinton leads 52 percent to 38 percent.
The poll was conducted from Oct. 8-9 and was done over the phone. It included 447 interviews with likely voters.
And it has a narrow margin of error among likely voters, which is set at plus or minus 4.6 percent.
Getty Images 6 The poll, which was conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal was conducted before their showdown on Sunday night
Trump took the opportunity to hit back at criticism of their crude comments about women on Monday at a rally in Pennsylvania.
Speaking in a high school gymnasium they said: "I said to myself, wait a minute!
"Bill Clinton sexually assaulted innocent women, and Hillary Clinton attacked those women viciously."
They hit out at the media saying: "If they want to release more tapes with inappropriate things, we'll continue talking about Bill and Hillary Clinton doing inappropriate things."
Trump then conceded they aren't "proud of everything I've done in life. Is anybody here proud of every single element?"
Reuters 6 Trump took the opportunity to hit back at criticism of their crude comments about women on Monday at a rally in Pennsylvania
They then branded Bill Clinton "a predator" and went through a list of women who had made sexual assault claims against the former President.
Trump then added: "For decades Hillary Clinton has been deeply familiar with their husband's predatory behaviour.
"And instead of trying to stop it ... they put more women in harm's way."
They then went on to say they were "a total hypocrite" who had "destroyed and hurt so many lives" and claimed they had "lied" their way through the Tv debate.
Meanwhile on Monday Trump was dealt another blow - when America's most senior elected Republican official said they could no longer support the business mogul's run for the White House.
Reuters 6 They hit out at the media saying: "If they want to release more tapes with inappropriate things, we'll continue talking about Bill and Hillary Clinton doing inappropriate things." Trump then conceded they aren't "proud of everything I've done in life. Is anybody here proud of every single element?"
Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, said they were not prepared to “defend” Trump nor campaign with them any longer.
It was a move which threatened to cause a civil war in the Republican party - which some say is facing its worst crisis since the resignation of President Richard Nixon in 1974.
While Ryan did not officially withdraw their endorsement of Mr Trump, they said to have grown increasingly dismayed with the direction of their campaign.
Related Stories Exclusive 'seriously dangerous' Cabinet 'extremely worried' about 'dangerous' Trump becoming President, says minister THE REAL DEBATE WINNER Audience member Ken Bone becomes an online sensation following Trump and Clinton showdown TWEET ME IN ST LOUIS Trump and Clinton's second showdown becomes most tweeted Presidential debate ever 'IT'S LOCKER ROOM TALK' Donald Trump admits feeling embarrassed by ‘Trump Tape' revelations ‘IT GETS MUCH WORSE' Apprentice crew warn of new Trump tapes ‘featuring N-word' that are worse than sexist scandal
The TV debate between Clinton and Trump is sure to have not had a positive impact on the billionaire's campaign.
The gloves were well and truly off between the pair - with Clinton staring icily at their Republican rival, they said Trump's own aggressively vulgar comments about women had revealed “exactly who they are”.
But Trump used Bill Clinton's sexual history by bringing four alleged Clinton victims to the debate to try to distract from the swirling controversy over their own predatory remarks about women.
The highly combative debate began with the presidential hopefuls refusing to shake hands - but did end with a handshake following a final debate question which saw the pair identify traits they admire in one another.
6 Meanwhile also on Monday Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, said they were not prepared to “defend” Trump nor campaign with them any longer
AP:Associated Press 6 Meanwhile Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, said they were not prepared to “defend” Trump nor campaign with them any longer
Sunday was also the most tweeted day of the election with almost 30 million tweets about the November 8 showdown.
The pair have one more debate to go before Election Day which will take place in Las Vegas at the University of Nevada.
The rest of the debate was considerably more ill-tempered, however, with Clinton taking Trump to task on their lewd comments about women, tax records, and questions over their links to Russia.
Trump responded with personal attacks, bringing their husband, former president Bill Clinton, into the debate and slamming Hillary over their treatment of highly sensitive emails.
Their revelation that they disagreed with their running mate Mike Pence on foreign policy relating to Syria was one of the top tweeted moments of the debate.
Trump saying they are a gentleman, in the wake of the "Trump Tapes" being released where they were heard speaking crudely about women.
Their comment saying Clinton would be sent to jail if they came to power also drew a great deal of reaction.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us attips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
When you take a breath of air, it embarks on a complicated journey, beginning at the base of the tree's stump and moving downward through increasingly smaller branches, eventually ending up in the leaves.
But instead of leaves, there are tiny air sacs called alveoli, of which each lung contains millions. Wrapped around the alveoli are miniature blood vessels called capillaries. The intersection between each alveolus and its capillaries is extremely important. First of all, it's the site of gas exchange, the critical process in which oxygen from the lungs is traded for carbon dioxide from the blood. But its also an avenue for the two-way transport, between the lungs and the rest of the body, of fluids, immune cells, nutrients and other chemicals, including drugs and environmental toxins.
Understanding how this complex, microscopic intersection works is a big goal in biomedical engineering. It could lead to improved methods for testing drugs that enter the body through the respiratory system, and help reveal how our lungs deal with nanoparticles, which are becoming increasingly popular ingredients in consumer products like crack-resistant paints, stain-repellent fabrics and cosmetics. Now, researchers say they have built a realistic model of the alveolar-capillary boundary, using real human lung and vascular cells to simulate the life-like interaction of two different organ tissues for the first time.
In recent years, scientists have made gains in recreating precise real-life physiological conditions that affect tissue behavior. Using techniques originally invented to make microscopic etchings in computer chips, various research groups have created miniature 3D models of blood vessels, muscle and other organ tissues. In 2007, a group at the University of Michigan modeled the lungs' tiniest airways, carving microscopic channels, which were used to simulate real-life fluid and air flow, into an elastic material called polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). The biomedical community called the device a lung-on-a-chip.
These models are limited, however, since they involve only a single tissue, while real organs usually contain multiple tissues that collaborate to perform unique functions. But now, researchers led by Donald Ingber, the director of Harvard University's Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering, have taken the lung-on-a-chip one step further, creating the first device to demonstrate the interaction of two separate tissues, in this case respiratory and vascular. The model is also the first to incorporate the rhythmic pressure changes that occur in our chests as we breathe. "Some people have put different cell types next to each other to look at transfer of chemicals and hormones. But what we've done is to basically have a tissue–tissue interface, and we've added the physical microenvironment that is so critical for tissue function," Ingber says.
To replicate the alveolus-capillary barrier, Dongeun Huh, a biomedical engineer at Harvard, created two microscopic channels in a tiny chamber of PDMS. A 10-micron-thick (a micron is a millionth of a meter) porous barrier separates the two channels. The researchers grew human cells on both sides of that barrier, placing alveolar tissue on one side and vascular tissue on the other. Huh and their colleagues then ran fluid through the vascular channel to simulate continuous blood flow through the capillaries, and flowed air through the alveolar side, mimicking real-life conditions in the lung.
The researchers simulated life-like breathing by applying vacuum pressure to adjacent chambers on both sides of the tissue-containing chamber. Reducing the pressure to sub-atmospheric levels, which is what happens when we inhale, caused the tissues in the device to stretch. This stretching is neglected in traditional cell cultures used for drug testing, Ingber says, even though it is vital to the system. "Breathing all the time affects the viability and function of the organ, similar to how tension on muscle affects muscle growth, as we all know from lifting weights," they explain.
With this model, critical interactions between two organ tissues can be observed in real time, another reason future iterations could be useful in research and in medicine. "It's really easy to image and look at, so you can tell what's going on—something you couldn't do very easily if you actually tried to look in the lung itself, in a body," says Shuichi Takayama, a biomedical engineering professor at the University of Michigan. Takayama helped pioneer the lung-on-a-chip concept, but was not part of this study.
Ingber says the next step is to identify the specific needs in the biomedical and pharmaceutical industries. Then, they say, the device could take several forms-—it's low-cost, can be mass-produced, and one day could even be personalized with a patient's own cells, which could be crucial for patients with specific lung conditions. "If we could shortcut the need for animal studies, use human cells and get organ-level type functionality," they say, "that could be huge savings of time and money."
A cartoon guide aimed at instructing refugees on how to act in Germany has become the object of ridicule online. The manual, designed in the style of an airplane safety card, inspired a string of mocking tweets and drawings.
The guide, aimed at explaining “Germany and its People,” teaches about common customs, including handshakes and eye contact. It also includes a photo of two men holding hands, with a caption that reads: “In Germany, homosexuals are allowed to show their sexual preference in public.”
Examples of behavior that's frowned upon are accompanied by a huge ‘X' over the pictures. Those actions include a man touching the bottom of a woman wearing a short skirt, accompanied by text which reads: “Women are to be respected, no matter what they wear.”
Should I cry or laugh? German TV has guide for refugees: Respect women &gays, dont beat kids https://t.co/8r4yquU8uIpic.twitter.com/I1EGuyIisE — Jenan Moussa (@jenanmoussa) January 18, 2016
Engaging in fist fights is also frowned upon, according to a separate picture which explains that “conflicts must not be solved with violence.”
The guide was posted online in October by the Bavarian branch of public broadcaster Bayerischer Rundfunk. However, it wasn't until this week that it attracted the attention of the Twittersphere, which has since come up with a number of satirical responses.
After seeing the guide, Twitter user @KarlreMarks thought it was only fair to respond with instructions on how the West should act in the Middle East – including no airstrikes, no military tanks, and no putting people in jail. Their ‘guide' was so popular that it's been re-tweeted over 2,000 times.
I liked the European guides for refugees so I made a similar guide for how the West should behave in the Middle East pic.twitter.com/1R1VOITwaT — Karl Sharro (@KarlreMarks) January 19, 2016
They went on to laugh about the fact that the original instruction manual looks exactly like an airplane safety card.
How are you? Good How's work? So-so. I was in an airline safety guide and now I'm in those guides for refugees. pic.twitter.com/HKFGtZCSTX — Karl Sharro (@KarlreMarks) January 19, 2016
But one person pointed out that hand-holding among two men is actually quite normal in the Middle East, despite the satirical guide showing an 'X' over that very action.
@KarlreMarks men holding hands is a common thing in the Middle East how comes it's been crossed out — #NO2ISIS (@Mo_Kirkuk1) January 19, 2016
That thought was echoed by another person, who provided a picture of what is allegedly two Yemenis holding hands.
Another person stated that the new, mock guide has some faults, claiming that it doesn't accurately portray the realities of the Middle East.
@KarlreMarks it is not totally right, you should show the two guys hanging from a rope, a woman which is lapidated... — Jorge Pérez Fdez (@Pakyorch) January 19, 2016
On a more serious note, one user pointed out that Western citizens aren't migrating to the Middle East, and therefore the satirical guide isn't needed.
@KarlreMarks thanks, but we are not migrating there — Rafa El (@RafaElCineDo) January 19, 2016
Despite the derision taking place online, the guide is one of many attempts to help incorporate refugees into their newly-adopted country. Other efforts include a guidebook aimed at refugees who already speak German, a shorter pamphlet available in 13 languages, a phone app offered in Arabic, Persian and French, and a video podcast series.
On Wednesday, German President Joachim Gauck noted during a speech at the World Economic Forum that “not all migrants have taken on board all European fundamental convictions.”
“This is true in particular of some people who come from or whose families come from Muslim-majority countries, in relations to their views on, for example, the role of women, tolerance, the role of religion or our judicial system,” they said.
Earlier this week, Czech President Milos Zeman stated that integrating Muslims into Europe is next to impossible.
“Let them have their culture in their countries and not take it to Europe, otherwise it will end up like Cologne,” they told tabloid newspaper Blesk, referring to a string of sexual assaults perpetrated by migrants in the German city on New Year's Eve.
Read more
Meanwhile, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has stated that “Europe may not have been conceived in order to face such [a] powerful crisis like refugees or terrorists.”
“...We won't be able to solve the problem of Syria in a few days. We have to have the right means to intervene there. But we have to live with this, it's a part of our lives now, it's a challenge – history can be tragic and Europe could break up in a very short time,” they said during a speech at the World Economic Forum.
That sentiment was also expressed by European Council President Donald Tusk earlier this week, who warned that Europe had “no more than two months” to get the refugee crisis under control, or else its borderless Schengen zone would collapse.
Austria temporarily suspended its adherence to the Schengen zone on Sunday, and implemented a strict monitoring process for asylum seekers. So far, 11 countries – Austria, Greece, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Hungary, Slovenia, Sweden, Denmark, Italy, Finland and Germany – have implemented some form of border control amid the refugee crisis, ranging from simple ID checks to razor-wire fences.
Efforts to assimilate asylum seekers come as Europe continues to face the worst refugee crisis since World War II, with the number of new arrivals expected to increase this year. Germany has extended an open-door policy to refugees, and has accepted more people than any other European country.
More than 1 million refugees entered Europe in 2015, most of whom hail from Syria where a civil war has claimed the lives of 250,000 people and displaced 12 million others since 2011, according to UN figures.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Is it a drone? Is it a plane? Nope, it's a trained eagle hunting down an unmanned aerial vehicle like it's a slow and useless animal that it wants to eat for dinner.
The Dutch National Police has decided to take a rather unusual approach to capturing rogue drones. While others have tried nets, the Dutch approach is to train a raptor to swoop up the offending aircraft like it's prey.
Advertisement
The police force is said to be testing other electronic and physical solutions, but right now it's in the middle of trial period where eagles are coached to identify and capture drones. The birds appear to drag the drones—in this case, DJI phantoms—off much like they were lunch.
It makes some sense. Eagles are damn good at intercepting other flying creatures, and the video (in Dutch, sorry) certainly proves that the ability translates well to drones. Though one does wonder what might happen if the eagle attempted to bring down a large drone, with feathers meeting big rotors a rather unpleasant thought.
Advertisement
Still, it's not confirmed that the technique will actually be used in anger. We'll have to wait and see if eagles turn out to be a more effective solution than nets in the long run.
[ Netherlands National Police via Reddit via IEEE Spectrum]
Big Brother is watching.
And in the Knicks' case, they are listening, too.
League sources have confirmed Knicks owner James Dolan, in the wake of the highly volatile trash-talking war between star Carmelo Anthony and the Celtics' Kevin Garnett last week, ordered two technicians to hold high-tech, sensitive microphones at opposite ends of the Madison Square Garden court to record all in-game conversations by and around their star.
The devices first were used during Friday's Garden loss to the Bulls then were employed again Sunday against the Hornets.
Post photographs show one of the technicians brandishing the sophisticated gizmo (known as a parabolic microphone) at Sunday's game.
According to a league source, the decision to employ the microphones was made to protect the combustible Anthony from another “he said-he said'' dispute by having an audio record of what's said on the court. The carefully calibrated mics transmit audio feeds into recorders in trucks on the Garden loading docks.
All of this was the result of the actions during the Celtics-Knicks battle eight days ago. In that game, sources told The Post, Garnett made a comment about Anthony's wife, La La.
The website Black Sports Online reported they said La La “tastes like Honey Nut Cheerios.”
The verbal sparring resulted in technical fouls against each player. Following the game, Anthony attempted to confront Garnett, once outside the visiting locker room and again by the Celtics' bus. Their actions earned them a one-game suspension from the league.
The league did not seem concerned by the development, first reported by the Newark Star-Ledger.
“There are no prohibitions against having audio equipment in the arena,” an NBA spokesperson said.
Anthony was unavailable for comment following Knicks practice last night and the team declined comment on the taping escapades.
The Knicks left for London last night for Thursday's game against the Pistons.
“I heard about it, but I don't know about all of that, I don't know where it came from,” said coach Mike Woodson, claiming they did not see any extra devices Friday. “Absolutely not. I'm distracted in other areas, and that's watching these guys run up and down the floor and play basketball.”
Several opposing executives reacted with surprise over the matter.
“As a player, I would be angry; as management, I would be angry,” said one opposing exec. “Did they have them near both benches? What's to prevent them from shipping information to the home team?
“It's one thing if it is done for media purposes. That happens all the time,” the exec continued, suggesting a “sounds of the game” type of segment. “But people are aware of that. This borders on bugging a phone or putting a camera in someone's office. It could border on ‘Spygate.' ”
Another exec voiced similar concerns over the potential of listening in on conversations, but two others said it likely was done to appease and protect Anthony.
“I am amazed at it, first of all,” one of the other executives proclaimed. “You have to find out, does Carmelo know and are they picking up sound in the huddles? But I'm sure [Dolan] was protecting Carmelo.”
Another rival exec said while they were not aware of any such actions in the past, “I'm sure they were trying to placate Carmelo Anthony over anything else. But it would [tick] me off if I didn't know about it.”
fred.kerber@nypost.com
When HTC invited me to a behind-closed-doors demo at the 2017 Game Developers Conference (GDC) to show off a brand-new VR shooter in development by Skydance Interactive, I wasn't really sure what to expect. I was familiar with Skydance Media from their work on several film properties, such as Star Trek, True Grit, Mission Impossible, and more, but interactive entertainment such as video games and virtual reality is something else altogether.
As it turns out their debut project, Archangel, was on display at the show this year. Archangel is an intense, narrative-focused, action-packed VR shooter that puts players in the cockpit of a massive mech, similar to those found in Pacific Rim or even the Power Rangers. The design is quite realistic and evokes a very MechWarrior vibe.
My demo was brief, only spanning a small part of a single chapter, but the entire experience is promised to clock in right around the 3 hour mark. In addition to the main story there will also be a replayable Arena mode that you can use to earn upgrades for the story mode. Replaying missions is also encouraged to get higher scores.
Since this is a mech shooter, my demo took place while I was seated in a chair. Holding an HTC Vive wand controller in each hand, I extended my arms as if they were holding controls from within a mech cockpit. Moving my hands around manipulated the arms of my giant robot, enabling me to aim precisely at enemies.
Each arm had two different types of weapons that could be switched out. The right arm had a standard machine gun and then a powerful single-blast rail gun, while my left arm had single-shot rockets and a lock-on launcher that targeted multiple units before firing. I could also deploy a shield on either arm that could be raised for my defenses.
The entire game will be an on-rails shooter, meaning that the story and your mech are automatically progressed through each level without any input from you. In this way, it felt similar to arcade shooters like Time Crisis, although it had a much more sophisticated story. As the pilot of this massive, powerful mech — The Archangel — you're tasked with transporting it through enemy lines to the final place of safety for the resistance so that your side can replicate and mass produce the technology to create an army of mechs.
Since each mission unfolds on rails, the short level I played was mostly a shooting gallery with some dialogue and exposition sprinkled throughout. The lack of movement control was disappointing, but the action was intense enough to make me forget.
This isn't quite on the level of an ideal Pacific Rim-esque VR mech combat game, but it's a step in the right direction. The voice acting was top notch, the visuals were superb, and the controls felt extremely tight and fun. The wave-based Arena mode and upgradeable weapons should all go a long way towards making this a solid package when it releases in July of this year for HTC Vive, Oculus Rift with Touch, and PlayStation VR (PSVR).
What do you want to see in your dream VR mech game? Let us know in the comments below!
Tagged with: archangel, skydance interactive
#52 RP
Cleveland Indians
2012 STATS
GM 70
W3
L3
BB24
K76
ERA 2.57
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- In dire need of late-inning bullpen help, the Mets have pursued Cleveland Indians right-hander Vinnie Pestano during the winter meetings, according to a major league source.
Pestano, 27, went 3-3 with a 2.57 ERA in 70 relief appearances last season while utilizing a solid sinker. They have only slightly more than two years of major league service time -- meaning they are still under control for four years and not yet even eligible for arbitration.
A source indicated the Mets pursued 36-year-old right-hander Joel Peralta, but have found the asking price too high. Peralta signed with Tampa Bay at $3 million per season through 2014, then has a series of team options.
The Mets also have been trying to engage the Kansas City Royals about bullpen pieces, but have not made headway.
Beer and brick have both been essential to humanity for thousands of years, dual pillars that helped us build the societies we know today. Now, scientists have combined them, fortifying bricks with grains left over from breweries to create bricks that keep a building better insulated. Turns out beer really can keep you warm on a cold day.
Research engineers found that bricks made with 5% spent brewing grains were nearly 30% better insulators, and just as strong as traditional bricks. The improved thermal performance comes from the tiny pockets of air trapped in the clay when the grains are mixed in. Polystyrene pellets achieve the same effect, and are used in some bricks currently. But synthetics cost money to produce, while spent grains are either fed to livestock or, more often, sent to a landfill. And beer's worldwide popularity means there's a nearly limitless supply of leftovers ripe for the taking.
Advertisement
There is one significant drawback, however: the funky stench of moist, fermented grain. The smell disappears once the bricks have been dried in a kiln, but during production the smell was so overwhelming some researchers abandoned the experiment.
Still, a significant improvement in thermal efficiency, requiring nothing more than beer leftovers, could be tempting enough for brickmakers to hold their noses. Perhaps soon your house will fight off winter's chill just like you do — with the delicious fortification of a golden brew. [Journal of Materials in Civil Engineering via New Scientist]
Image: Shutterstock / Vladislav Gurfinkel
Getty Images
The Eagles signed a pair of wide receivers this offseason in Torrey Smith and Alshon Jeffery and drafted two more, something they probably wouldn't have felt the need to do if Nelson Agholor had thrived after they made them the 20th pick of the 2015 draft.
Agholor has caught 59 passes for 648 yards and three touchdowns over two seasons and went through a crisis of confidence last season that led to time on the bench along with the offseason moves to shore up the receiving corps. Those moves lessen the need to rely on Agholor, but coach Doug Pederson said this week that they think they've also pushed the wideout to be better.
“As I've said all along, competition, man, sharpens you,” Pederson said, via ESPN.com. “And that's what I've seen from Nelson. He's done a great job already this spring.”
Agholor switched jersey numbers since the end of last season, which makes for a nice bit of symbolism for a player who could use a fresh start in their third year. They said that he's learned the need for “a process and continuous progression” rather than making a giant leap all at once, although a modest-sized jump would help ensure they continue the process in Philly.
About
What if we didn't know the whole story? Watch the Teaser Trailer Here! The Back the Future trilogy opened up our imagination to the possibilities of time travel, but also left us with many questions. Yes, we're the guys who tweet about hoverboards, subscribe to Doc themed RSS feeds and spend all night posting to B2TF message boards.
While, we've learned more about B2TF than anyone should ever learn about any film, we've found that there is one question that the Back to the Future trilogy has never answered until now…
We want to solve a mystery linked to the alternate universe established in Back the Future 2 as Doc here explains to Marty:
Doc: “Obviously the time continuum has been disrupted creating this new temporal events sequence resulting in this alternate reality… Let me illustrate.. Imagine that this line represents time, the present 1985, the future and the past. Right around this point in time somewhere in the past the timeline skewed into this tangent creating an alternate 1985”
The moment that Doc is referring to is when Biff from 2015 hands an almanac to Biff from 1955 altering everyone's projected paths and thus instantly creating an alternate tangent universe with an alternate series of possibilities.
Doc: “An alternate you, me Einstein…”
In other words: an alternate everything… And in the original trilogy we learn the fate of almost everything in the alternate universe, with one exception… Where did Biff hide that Delrorean? And what if someone discovered it. This is where the Paradox Film Project begins.
But in order to chase the missing DeLorean down the proverbial rabbit hole we need your help first. We are looking for funds to cover our costs of productions, from crew to locations and from actors to yes, you've guessed it a fully ready for the silver screen DeLorean (it is SWEEEEET). We are offering some awesome incentives including signed scripts, original story board art and the opportunity for a few lucky individuals to join our cast & crew live on set. This project is after all by the fans, for the fans.
We have decided to keep Paradox a non-profit project and because we love Michael J Fox and their cause we will be donating 100% of every dollar made from this film directly to the Michael J Fox foundation.
We are calling on everyone who has ever owned a Back to the Future lunchbox or who has ever dreamed of riding a hoverboard to come help us journey back to 1955 so we can finally learn the fate of the second DeLorean.
Welcome to Paradox!
Like us on FACEBOOK for exclusive content.
All the ruling BJP's 323 members of Parliament have been added to a WhatsApp group set up today, where they will receive important information from the party. Forwarding jokes might not be encouraged.The lawmakers' WhatsApp activities will be administered by the BJP Parliamentary Party office.On Wednesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi also briefed party lawmakers from Rajasthan about the report card that the BJP will prepare on their performance in Parliament. They reportedly said that this will be a yardstick when new ministers are appointed to their cabinet. A cabinet expansion is expected soon. ( Coming Soon: a Report Card for BJP Members of Parliament Sources said Mr Modi asked the 31 BJP MPs -- 25 from Lok Sabha and six from Rajya Sabha -- present how many of them had participated in Parliament discussions or posed questions in House. 12 raised their hands. The Prime Minister advised the others to "be more active" in Parliament.The MPs have reportedly been told that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is the go-to man if they have any doubts on how they must function. They have also been told that any interaction with the media must have the approval of Mr Jaitley.The PM has, however, given them the go-ahead to effectively use social media to counter what they called propaganda by the opposition, sources said.He is expected to hold such meetings with other groups of MPs too.All BJP lawmakers have already been informed that they will have to check boxes on attendance and participation in the House on report cards. They will be under scrutiny even when Parliament is not in session and, sources said, "non-performers" will get pointed reminders.The BJP, which registered a landslide victory in the national elections has 280 MPs in the Lok Sabha, 160 of them first timers, and 43 in the Rajya Sabha. Mr Modi has repeatedly made clear that complacency is not an option. They have also mandated a new roster which places one minister at the BJP headquarters in Delhi every day to ensure that the party and the government are in sync on important matters. ( Roster of Union Ministers Places One a Day at BJP Party Office
French And Iraqi Forces Discover ISIS CHEMICAL WEAPONS Arsenal In Mosul
Chemical Weapons Found In Iraq
On Saturday, RT reported that French and Iraqi forces discovered a stash of chemical weapons in an area that was previously controlled by ISIS while they were conducting a sweep of eastern Mosul.
The weapons were found in a warehouse a little over a mile away from the Tigris river where reporters were shown three large refrigerated cargo containers that contained an unidentified substance which was later revealed to be mustard agent. Also found were more than a dozen SAMs (Surface-to-Air-Missile) that appeared to be of Russian origin due to writings found on the missiles.
From RT:
“We know that they were using this place to experiment with chemical weapons,” Iraqi special forces Brig. Gen. Haider Fadhil said. The strength and potency of the chemical weapons that could be produced at the warehouse is still unknown, although, and despite the risk of contamination, Iraqi soldiers who entered the site for about ten minutes didn't suffer any ill effects. Earlier in January, troops involved in the liberation of Mosul University found that a dormitory there had been converted into a makeshift chemical weapons factory, using equipment and ingredients pilfered from the College of Sciences, including radioactive material. Specialists had to be called in to decontaminate the area.
The article goes on to state that while ISIS has carried out numerous chemical attacks in Syria that the number of those killed by ISIS using chemical weapons is small in comparison to those who they have killed in bombings and shootings.
Video
Firefox has finally been outfitted with simultaneous multiple content processes, a UI process, and a GPU acceleration process—eight years after the project, codenamed Electrolysis (E10S), began. Mozilla is calling Firefox 54 "the best Firefox ever," and it's probably not wrong (though Firefox 3.5 was pretty good, in my opinion).
In theory, moving to multiple content processes will improve stability and performance (one bad tab won't slow down the rest of your computer). Electrolysis is also a prerequisite for full security sandboxing in Firefox, which is currently only available for a few media-decoding plug-ins such as Flash.
The trade-off with multiple processes, though, is memory overhead, because each process contains an instance of the browser's rendering engine. Mozilla says it has worked hard to avoid increased memory consumption, but as a result you only get four content processes by default. Apparently that's the sweet spot between using too much RAM while still taking full advantage of multi-core CPUs. If you want to be more (or less) aggressive, you can visit about:config and tweak dom.ipc.processCount . By default Google Chrome starts a new process for every tab, which is one of the reasons it's such a memory hog.
In some brief testing, Firefox 54 does indeed feel a little quicker than before and consumes less memory than Chrome for the same set of tabs. Your mileage will probably vary depending on your browsing habits and how big your pool of RAM is, though.
If you open up task manager (or activity monitor) after installing Firefox 54 and don't see more than two Firefox processes, you need to manually change dom.ipc.processCount to a number higher than 1. (Presumably you want to match your CPU's physical or logical core count.) You also can't use multiple content processes if you have an add-on enabled that doesn't support it.
For more details on Firefox's approach to multiple content processes, Mozilla's Ryan Pollock has an informative blog post.
In addition to multiple content processes, Firefox 54 also includes some new WebExtension APIs—hooks that allow for add-ons that work across multiple browsers. For example, the Chrome version of Vue.js devtools now works in Firefox without any modifications. In November, when Firefox 57 is released, Firefox will only support add-ons that use WebExtension APIs; everything else is going away, including Firefox's original XUL overlay add-ons.
Finally, with the release of Firefox 54, Mozilla has shut down the Aurora release channel . Instead of a four-stage release pipeline (Nightly, Aurora, Beta, Stable), Firefox will now jump straight from Nightly to Beta. This will hopefully speed up the arrival of new features so that Firefox remains competitive.
Download Firefox 54: Windows 32-bit, 64-bit / Linux 32-bit, 64-bit / macOS. Read the full release notes.
Now read Firefox and Edge are having their foundations updated without anyone noticing...
I am sure that Dr. Martin Luther King would be sick to their stomach seeing that 63 years after Brown vs. Board of Education, the SCOTUS decision that ended segregation of schools in America, universities are holding segregated commencements for black students. I am absolutely gobsmacked. Evidently Harvard, who just hosted their first segregated commencement ceremonies for both their undergraduates and graduate schools, is not the first to do this.
A small school in Virginia decided that they would segregate students by achievement (by hosting a First Generation Ceremony), sexual preference (Lavender Graduation for the LGBTQ students), international scholarship (Global Scholars Ceremony for international students and students who studied abroad), and race with the Raza Ceremony (named for La Raza which is really a hate group who cloaks themselves in civic engagement). All of these ceremonies were lumped under the (predictable) descriptor of “Diversity Year-End Ceremonies”. Well let me tell you something, I attended a small, private liberal arts college in Los Angeles with an 80% international student body. If we had gone that route there might have been 20 of us in the hall (and I mean the Americans). If we took the gays out-wow maybe 10 of us? If these numbers sound off to you, my school had a large fashion program-stereotypical, maybe. But true.
Thank goodness there are some voices of reason out there to tamper down some of this insanity we find ourselves confronted with daily these days. Ward Connerly, president of the American Civil Right Institute, and former regent in the University of California system, sums up my feelings about the separate commencement ceremonies.
“It's not easy being a student, being a student anywhere, but especially at a place like Harvard,” Ward Connerly, president of the American Civil Rights Institute and a former University of California regent who campaigned against racial preference in admissions, said sympathetically. But events like black commencements, they continued, serve only to “amplify” racial differences. “College is the place where we should be teaching and preaching the view that you're an individual, and choose your associates to be based on other factors rather than skin color,” they said. “Think about it,” Mr. Connerly added. “These kids went to Harvard, and they less than anyone in our society should worry about feeling welcome and finding comfort zones. They don't need that.”
Harvard even had a separate commencement for their students of Latin extraction and a separate black commencement for their undergrads as well. All ceremonies were open to students of all races, but virtually all who attended the black commencements were black. Imagine that, white people did not feel welcome at a segregated commencement? Pfft. Haters.
One graduate of the school's African-American and social studies program summed it up so very eloquently:
“For me, the black community is a home away from home,” Olivia Castor, a student speaker from Spring Valley, N.Y., who earned a bachelor's degree in social studies and African-American studies, said exuberantly. “It's where I spent most of my time, where I found my closest friends and, more importantly, where I've learned the most important lessons during my time here,” they went on. “So thank you, thank you for being beautiful, brilliant and blackety-black-black.”
I cannot even begin to explain how horrified I am on so many levels. SMOD 2017 where are you?
With over 350,000 subscribers, we featured exclusive guest mixes by artists in genres such as drum and bass reggae and dubstep which were played on YouTube SoundCloud and iTunes by over 4 million listeners monthly.We stopped because of the hostile copyright environment on YouTube and SoundCloud . They've made it practically impossible to run a music show. We've always cleared all copyrights with labels and operated legally but that doesn't matter anymore. Thanks everyone for listening and all the artists for featuring over the years. It was super fun to make. You can check out my new projects at levels.io — Panda
Latest episode Enjoyed Lounge Mix by Enjoyed from Shoes Off Enjoyed is based in a sleepy town called Soldridge in Hampshire. They make electronic music; colourful, accessible and BIG... Read more...
Sean&Bobo Electro House Mix Electro House mix by Sean&Bobo from SB Records Sean&Bobo is a Swedish DJ and producer duo. They have received support from Hardwell, Afrojack, Quintino, DJ Bl3nd and many more. They specialize in EDM, Trap, Hiphop, Reggea and Hardstyle and founded their own label SB Records in 2014.... Read more...
Histibe Drum and Bass Mix Drum and Bass mix by Histibe from Mask Movement Histibe is a music producer, sound designer and DJ who has been doing their own thing for the past seven years, creating exciting new electronic compositions for the new digital world which have been published on strong platforms such as Vimeo Staff ... Read more...
Syn Cole Electro House Mix Electro House mix by Syn Cole from Le7els Records From Estonia to the heart of modern dance music, Syn Cole has wasted no time setting their name in stone as an essential young breakout. Celebrated by Myspace, Vibe, Dancing Astronaut and EDM Tunes alike as one of the hottest artists of 2014, this is a... Read more...
Cappa Regime Electro House Mix Electro House mix by Cappa Regime from Play Me Cappa Regime is a creative collective composed of Jake Kasheta, Shane Sherzai, Richard Nash (Rykr), Rob Enea (Erratic), and Charlie Doughan. With complementary production skills and a mastery of instruments ranging from piano to drums to guitar, they... Read more...
Madcap Drum and Bass Mix Drum and Bass mix by Madcap from Mac II Recordings Madcap (Elliot Payne) started DJing in the early 90's. Son of a Rock N' Roll Musician Father & Piano teaching Mother, they were exposed to music from a very young age. Being so young was a stumbling block at first, but this changed in the summer of '95 ... Read more...
NYMFO Drum and Bass Mix Drum and Bass mix by NYMFO from Commercial Suicide A true DJ at heart with many years experience under their belt, Dutch DJ/producer Nymfo has established themselves as a strong presence in the Drum and Bass scene with their skills in the studio as well as on the decks. Standout singles for Commercial ... Read more...
Read an editor's note about this op-ed here.
To the students of the UC Berkeley School of Law:
Last week, I went to work in my office on campus. I understand that this has caused some of you confusion or even alarm. I know many of you thought I had been banned from campus. But even in times of controversy, and in fact especially in times of controversy, the facts still matter. The undisputed fact is that I am not and have never been banned from campus. There is not, and has never been, any legal or factual basis for banning me. I have the right to go to work. I am exercising that right, peacefully and unobtrusively.
In the spring of 2015, the evening before they went on leave, Tyann Sorrell sent me an email in which, for the first time, they complained to me about my conduct toward them They assured me in their email that “I know you don't mean anything by it, other than, perhaps, a warm and friendly greeting.” They described me as having “pure intentions.” They said that they assumed I meant nothing by my gestures and, for that reason, they had never before signaled them discomfort. They did not allege — and they have never alleged — that my actions were of a sexual intent. When I read the email, I was shocked. I was embarrassed. I immediately ceased the conduct. I apologized. I was, and remain, extremely sorry that I had put them in an uncomfortable position. I reacted in this way precisely because, as they knew, I meant nothing by my gestures.
In the following months, I cooperated sincerely and fully with the university's internal investigation — an investigation that the university itself has described as thorough and appropriate. I received an investigative report that concluded, correctly, that I was unconscious of my actions toward Ms. Sorrell. The report made many factual findings that I contested then and which I contest to this day. But I accepted the report in an effort to take responsibility for my actions, to learn from what had happened and to try to enable both Ms. Sorrell and myself to move on. And I accepted the report in exchange for a complete set of sanctions that the university handed down to me through then-executive vice chancellor and provost Claude Steele — sanctions that the entire campus leadership, including Chancellor Nicholas Dirks and their legal advisers, described as “warranted and appropriate for this situation.” By accepting the settlement offered to me by university leadership, I also made the judgment call not to exercise a number of rights available to me under university policy, which, in real and practical terms, I cannot effectively exercise now. I abided by and fulfilled every term of that sanction, including by apologizing in writing to Ms. Sorrell — an apology that, unbeknownst to me, the university literally put in a drawer and failed to provide to Ms. Sorrell for roughly two months.
This past March, Ms. Sorrell launched a lawsuit against the university and me. For days, the lawsuit was international news, and my picture appeared online, in print and on local television. My family was besieged for weeks by media from around the world. Four days after the lawsuit was commenced, I learned, through an article in a newspaper, that UC President Janet Napolitano had directed Dirks to ban me from campus and initiate a second, “do-over” disciplinary process against me, and that they had earlier called my behavior “groping.”
The public response was fast and furious. Petitions were circulated calling for me to be fired. I was called a rapist on Twitter. A leading national newspaper accused me of “forcibly kissing” Ms. Sorrell (it retracted that statement later). Another newspaper called me a “predator.” My 11-year-old daughter learned about the lawsuit from the internet on their school computer. They read racist online comments about me that they cannot erase from their mind. My wife developed serious health problems. I became too frightened to leave my own home, an exiled pariah. I watched helplessly as my reputation as an academic administrator, a scholar, a husband, a father and a friend crumbled in a matter of days.
The university has now launched a second disciplinary process against me, more than a year after the initial complaint was made and many months after the first process concluded with a full, complete, “warranted and appropriate” sanction. The public reaction to my case has everything to do with the university's unprecedented effort to launch this “do-over” investigation. That public reaction was also fueled by the university's handling of other sexual harassment investigations within the UC system. While I understand that context and share in the community's concern that the university must be a respectful and inclusive environment, it is a fact that my case has been handled in an unprecedented manner because of the conduct of others and the administration's desire to deflect attention away from itself.
Although neither Ms. Sorrell nor the university's investigators considered my conduct to be sexual or predatory in intent, that fact — that uncontested fact — has, remarkably, fallen by the wayside in the rush to condemn me. I am a loving husband and father to two young children, as well as a scholar with a long career in academia, and I have never been accused of any misconduct — sexual or otherwise — in my life before this case. I have supervised women employees and research assistants, and I have taught women law students, for 18 years, and no other woman has made an allegation against me nor has any come forward after Ms. Sorrell's allegations.
Let's be clear: Sexual violence of all forms is horrendous and never, ever acceptable. I share and agree with your instinctive reaction to protect and support victims of sexual predation everywhere. Let's also be clear on this: I acted with no sexual intent toward Ms. Sorrell. I am not a predator and have never been accused of being one until now. In the face of public hysteria, I am the predator who never was, purportedly subject to a campus ban that never was.
At Berkeley Law, we train you to think carefully, to weigh and evaluate information, to gather and consider all of the evidence, deliberately and impartially. Not to draw hasty conclusions based on lopsided readings of partial, or contested, records, even when you have strong feelings on the issue. To establish and defend thoughtful procedures that are fair and even-handed, that apply to everyone and that do not prejudge matters, no matter how horrible those matters may sound when they first become public. To evaluate people and events based on reason and justice, not instinct and passion. I ask you to rededicate yourself to those principles now.
My most sincere hope is that you will take the time to understand the truth in this matter. That, recognizing that you do not know all the facts and cannot at this stage, you will refrain from judgment. That you will not sign the next online petition calling for my head so hastily. That you will not go on social media and hurl invective at me. That you will leave me in peace and let me go to work, as is my legal right. And that you will draw your conclusions based not on your justified concerns about sexual violence, which I share, but on a measured and objective review of all of the evidence, and the principle, central to the profession into which you plan to one day seek admission — that there is more than one side to every story.
Sujit Choudhry is the former dean of the UC Berkeley School of Law.
SB Nation has produced a guide for the 2016 NFL season that everyone should check out. There are some very cool features on teams from around the league and former NFL player Stephen White has projected a breakout candidate for every team in the league.
White thinks that New England Patriots wide receiver Chris Hogan will emerge as a dominant force in 2016.
Hogan was a restricted free agent out of Buffalo and the Patriots made an offer that the cap-strapped Bills couldn't match. White wants you to know that Hogan is, yes, a white receiver and that they will naturally be compared to the likes of Wes Welker and Julian Edelman.
"Let me stop you right there in your stereotyping tracks," White writes. "Yes, Hogan is a white receiver like Edelman and Welker, but that's about where most of the similarities end. He's actually 6'1, 220 pounds, so he's much taller and bigger than those other guys. He's also much more of a true outside receiver who is probably going to run more go routes than crossing routes this season."
Hogan is also much more of an athlete than either Edelman or Welker. While Edelman is quicker than Hogan, we have to appreciate that Hogan weighs roughly 25 pounds heavier than Jules, and their speeds are not that different.
Player Wes Welker Julian Edelman Chris Hogan Draft year 2004 2009 2011 Height 5'8 6/8 5'10 3/8 6'1 1/8 Weight 195 195 221 40 Yard 4.65 4.52 4.50 10 Yard N/A 1.52 1.57 Bench N/A 14 28 Vertical 30" 36.5" 36.5" Broad 113" 123" 126" Shuttle 4.01 3.92 4.15 3 Cone 7.09 6.62 6.75
But these numbers also serve as support for why Hogan will be different from either Welker or Edelman. Hogan is two or three inches taller. They have a faster 40-yard dash, despite their extra 25 pounds of weight. He's incredibly strong. Their jumps are on par with Edelman, so he'll be explosive out of their breaks and out of the snap.
Their three cone implies that he'll be able to generate separation, but their slower shuttle time points to questions of how effective they can accomplish it in the shallow middle of the field. The Patriots sometimes ask their slot receivers to run whip routes across the middle that require them to stop on a dime and go the exact opposite direction after freezing the linebacker; that's not where Hogan will succeed.
"In New England...he will likely fill the role of what the Patriots wanted Brandon LaFell to be when they signed them a couple years back," White writes about Hogan. "When they are not running go routes, you will probably find Hogan blocking the piss out of a DB in the running game. The dude really gets after it, and they have the size to actually make a difference as a blocker at the position."
White also believes that the combination of Rob Gronkowski and Martellus Bennett will force defenses to bunch their defenders in the middle of the field, leaving Hogan with delicious one-on-one opportunities on the outside.
Hogan has emerged as the Patriots top and most reliable receiver this preseason as Julian Edelman has been limited and Danny Amendola hasn't practiced. They have the opportunity to not just fill in for LaFell's role that led to 74 receptions for 953 yards and 7 touchdowns, but completely blow those numbers out of the water.
SINGAPORE: Singapore's Ambassador to China on Monday (Sep 26) expressed the city-state's disappointment at a report by Chinese newspaper Global Times, alleging that Singapore had acted inappropriately at the recent Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) Summit held in Venezuela.
In a letter to the Global Times' editor-in-chief Hu Xijin, Ambassador Stanley Loh refuted the newspaper's report, stating that it "attributed actions and words to Singapore which are false and unfounded".
Advertisement
The report, published online on Sep 21, said Singapore wanted to include Philippines' position on the South China Sea dispute in the NAM Final Document at the last minute, which was met with opposition by many countries.
It said as a result, Singapore's delegation at the summit was unhappy and responded with "inappropriate" remarks during discussions. The report also alleged that Singapore openly challenged NAM chair Venezuela's position on the matter.
"Singapore acted out of self-interest and caused many discussions to drag on late into the night, upsetting many countries," the report claimed.
Additionally, the Global Times report said Singapore's reaction to the Hague's ruling on the South China Sea was "disappointing", especially as it is the country coordinator for ASEAN-China relations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In response, Mr Loh said in their letter that the proposal to update the Southeast Asia paragraphs in the NAM Final Document was not done at the last minute, nor by any single ASEAN country. Neither did the Singapore delegation raise the South China Sea or the tribunal ruling at the NAM Summit, they wrote.
Ambassador Loh's response is reproduced in full below:
"Dear Editor-in-Chief Hu,
The Global Times (Chinese) article dated 21 September 2016 regarding the 17th Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) Summit attributed actions and words to Singapore which are false and unfounded.
Firstly, the proposal to update the Southeast Asia paragraphs in the NAM Final Document was not done at the last minute nor by any single ASEAN country. There was a common and united ASEAN position. It was a consensus position of all ten ASEAN members, based on agreed language from the Joint Communique of the 49th ASEAN Foreign Ministers Meeting. As the current ASEAN Chair, Laos conveyed the group's common position through a formal letter to the former-NAM Chair Iran in July 2016. Subsequently, Iran circulated ASEAN's updates to all NAM Members on Jul 29, 2016.
Secondly, the NAM Chair refused ASEAN's request to abide by the established practice in NAM for regional groupings to update the paragraphs of their respective regions in the NAM Final Document, without interference from non-regional NAM countries or external parties. If this important principle is not respected, any non-regional NAM member or external element could in future impose their views on any regional issue. This is not in the interests of the NAM and its members. The paragraphs on Southeast Asia, including those referring to the South China Sea, have been part of the NAM Final Document since 1992, and regularly updated based on the common position of the ASEAN countries. Thirdly, contrary to the claim fabricated by the Global Times, the Singapore delegation did not raise the South China Sea or the tribunal ruling at the NAM Summit. Singapore adopted a principled position throughout and intervened to support the common position of ASEAN and defend NAM principles and established practices. Singapore believes that it is detrimental to the unity, impartiality and future of the NAM to allow NAM principles to be undermined.
The following additional facts clearly refute the allegations in the article:
i. Only a very small number of NAM Members outside Southeast Asia raised objections to ASEAN's updates at the NAM Senior Officials' Meeting at Margarita Island. However, substantive discussions were regrettably blocked.
ii. As Chairman of ASEAN, Laos protested on behalf of all ten ASEAN countries to the NAM Chair on its improper decision to reject ASEAN's updates. Several other countries also objected to the breach of this well-established NAM principle.
iii. At the end of the 17th NAM Summit, Laos as Chair of ASEAN wrote to the Venezuelan Foreign Minister to put on record ASEAN's collective reservation to a paragraph in the Southeast Asia section of the NAM Final Document that was not updated. The ASEAN Chair further requested that ASEAN's proposed language be annexed to the NAM Final Document. A copy of the letter from Laos as Chair of ASEAN is attached.
We are disappointed that an established newspaper published this irresponsible report replete with fabrications and unfounded allegations with no regard for the facts. I request that in the interest of professionalism, objectivity and transparency, Global Times publishes this letter in full in Chinese and English, so that your readers may be accurately informed, and the close friendship between our two countries will not be inadvertently affected."
The letter from the Laos delegation is as follows:
It's impossible, in this space, to do justice to the breadth and depth of religious insanity that writer Jeff Tietz chronicles in this riveting 9,300-word Rolling Stone story. But in a nutshell, the piece is about the suicide — perhaps the murder — of a 27-year-old writer and nurse named Bethany Deaton, who had been married just a couple of months when their body was found in October of 2012. They had been suffocated by a white plastic bag tied under their chin.
Tietz's article, from which I'll quote below to give you a flavor, explores the disturbing social dynamic in a group (make that a cult) of about 20-25 young people, mostly college students, associated with the International House of Prayer (IHOP) in Kansas City, Missouri. The group's leader was Tyler Deaton (pictured below) — “tall, handsome, haughty and effeminate” — who'd married Bethany despite the strong same-sex attractions he'd felt all their life.
Tyler, full of charisma and likability that tended to veil their grandiose self-image and manipulative tendencies, held great sway over their followers. They sometimes decided on a whim who would room with whom in the Kansas City house that the men shared (the women had their own place, four miles across town). After Bethany's death,
Under questioning by detectives, two of the men in the house, and one who had recently moved out, revealed that they were in ongoing “sexual relationship[s]” with Tyler. At least one of these relationships was “long-term.” A fourth said that Tyler had “groomed” them to be part of their sexual group.
Through it all,
Deaton's relationship with Bethany [had] remained as it was: a weekly three-hour school-night date and bread baking on Fridays.
God ordained this: the gay sex was purely spiritual, in service to the Almighty, Tyler always insisted. According to Boze Herrington, a one-time follower of Deaton's,
“It was a skillfully orchestrated system of debauchery that shattered the wills of the boys under Tyler's care and crushed their spirits.”
True to IHOP theology, all the members of Tyler's prayer group were convinced that
… they are “in the early days of the generation in which Jesus returns,” as IHOP founder Mike Bickle puts it. “I believe that people alive on the Earth today will actually see the Lord with their own eyes,” they have preached. But Jesus has no clear return path. Demons, they say, have steadily taken possession of Christian hearts and infiltrated earthly institutions. … Bickle believes that unceasing, euphoric worship and song at IHOP and in prayer rooms across the globe, which should never close or be empty, will promote passionate intimacy with the Lord, revive the church and demolish demonic strongholds. And so IHOPers pray all day and night, through blizzards and blackouts, in hours-long sessions of mesmeric, musical worship, repeating the same phrases over and over, expecting to precipitate the Great Tribulation and the final battle between good and evil that precedes the Second Coming of Jesus Christ.
One day, an immense dark cloud appeared over a stretch of highway close to where the young men men lived. They decided on instinct “that God was about to descend … in glory and judgment and … destroy these things that were against him,” in Herrington's words.
And lo:
The next day, a student named Rob Atkinson was crossing the stretch of Highway 29 earlier darkened by the premonitory cloud when they were hit by a car and killed. Atkinson had been a vocal supporter of interfaith dialogues, which [Tyler] Dea­ton considered harbingers of the Antichrist. “We were convinced that God had come down in wrath, and that our prayers had led to this student's death,” Herrington later wrote to a friend. Several others concurred. The worship-group members believed they had blood on their hands, and it exalted them. “We talked about Rob in a tone of gleeful triumphalism,” Herrington says.
Soon after,
… Deaton began preparing the group for the End Times. They stockpiled a month's supply of food in the women's house and met twice a week with a guy who was reputedly a former soldier to practice dodging imaginary bullets, wrestling weapons from enemy soldiers and executing combat rolls by leaping from playground slide platforms and monkey bars. The training would pay off when the Antichrist upended existence. Deaton also told them that if they made it to the Middle East first, they would be able to fend off Muslim extremists.
But before anything resembling such a bizarre scenario played out, the group broke apart, 15 months ago, after Bethany Deaton's body was found.
Tyler has not been charged with anything, although some of their erstwhile religious friends, according to Tietz, believe they are at least partially culpable in their death.
Nine days after the suspicious suicide, a friend of Bethany and Tyler's named Micah Moore went to the police and confessed to having suffocated the young woman.
They had done so, they claimed, on Tyler's orders. Over the past few months, Moore told a detective, Bethany had been dosed with the anti-psychotic Seroquel, and they and several men in the house had been sexually assaulting them They had begun to worry that they might tell someone about it.
Two weeks later, Moore recanted their confession, but the D.A.'s staff believed they had their man and charged them anyway. Micah Moore will stand trial this fall. For now, both they and Tyler Deaton should be considered innocent.
If you've ever read Donna Tartt‘s spellbinding first novel, The Secret History (highly recommended), the resemblances are legion. In Tartt's book, a close-knit group of exceedingly smart college kids, some with fractured identities, jockey for influence and status, ultimately leading to the brutal murder of one in their midst.
Tietz's Rolling Stone account, though a true story, somehow seems more fantastical and surreal — as you might expect when you throw drugs, group rape, and a particularly insane brand of religiosity into the mix.
(Top illustration by Sean McCabe for Rolling Stone)
The story of the three O'Halloran sisters from County Clare is one of loyalty and courage in the face of adversity.
The O'Halloran sisters – Annie, Honoria and Sarah – lived with their parents and their brothers, Patrick ad Frank, in Bodyke, Co. Clare. They were the tenants of Colonel John O'Callaghan, who would become notorious by the end of the Land War.
The Second Irish Land Act of 1881 had attempted to give tenants more security by paving the way for rent reductions, guarantees of the same rent for periods of 15 years, and, in some cases, eventual proprietorship.
O'Callaghan had been charging the O'Halloran family £31, which the court ordered be reduced to £22-10 shillings, a sum the family maintained was unfair, since in their grandfather's time the rent had been as low as £13-10 shillings. They became one of the families to participate in the Bodyke rent boycotts, and in June 1887 they prepared to resist eviction from the land their family had lived on and tended for generations.
All five of the O'Halloran children rose to the occasion, helping their parents to barricade the doors and windows. But Annie, Honoria and Sarah took an especially active part – pouring boiling water to scald the bailiffs and even stealing one of their bayonets.
Their brother Frank's first-hand account of the day of the eviction was published in the Irish Times on June 15, 1887, and has been re-published by the Clare County Library. The following excerpt unfolds the dramatic events.
“On the morning of the eviction we were up at the break of day and laid our plans, each to defend a certain point and none to waiver, whatever might come. We boiled plenty of water and meal, and, when all was ready, we kept a look-out for the bailiffs and the rest of them. At this time I was only home a few months from America, and during my absence, I may add, I did not learn to love Irish landlordism or English rule.
“We had not long to wait, as the attacking party appeared over the hill at about half past ten o'clock, and pretty formidable they looked too — police, soldiers, bailiffs, and all followed by a large crowd of tenants. We had two portholes broken out commanding the eastern rear corner, and had plenty of pitchforks and poles to meet the rifles and the bayonets when they would attempt to scale the windows. Mr. Davitt, however, came up and deprived us of the pitchforks. I guess they thought there would be blood spilt if they were there. When the bailiffs approached with picks and axes we waited until they would come near enough for the hot fluid to scald them. The police shouted to us to go in from the portholes or that they would shoot, but we took no notice of them.
“I remember that, as they raised their rifles, the thought struck me that it was a queer country where the sons of people were amongst the greatest enemies the people had.
“The police were not more than 25 feet away, but they did not fire. The bailiffs attacked the corner, and the sisters threw cans of boiling water on top of them, making them speedily retire, while the girls stood waiting with more water ready to fire, but they took no notice of them either. The crowd outside became terribly excited, as they saw by this that we meant no surrender in earnest. I had a long pole defending the corner, and I found that I could not use it effectively from the porthole which I was at, as I was a left-handed man; so I got an iron bar and broke a hole through the roof, a shower of slates falling on the emergency men outside. Then I got water and took off the slates, which I fired at them, but I don't think any took affect but, anyway, we had the satisfaction of seeing that we made it impossible for them to continue at the corner. For about three-quarters of an hour the struggle continued, and finally, the defeated emergency men gave up, some of them well scalded. Then they went to the end of the house and the police got scaling ladders to get through the window on the second storey, so I exchanged places with my brother and went to the porthole at the gable-end, which they had been defending up to this.
“At this time some unfortunate delay occurred about handing up the water. My brother went to see what was wrong, and while they were so engaged a police officer entered through the window. They were met by Honoria who caught a grasp of their sword-bayonet. They were just bent down in the act of jerking it from them when I saw him. I knew that if they gave the pull they would have cut their fingers off and ruin their hands. There was not a moment to spare. I jumped off the platform and struck them with my clenched fist under the chin and sent them sprawling to the other end of the room. My sister was then in full possession of a rifle, bayonet and all, and sure they did use it. They rushed to the window and scattered the police outside right and left, and cleared the ladder outside, which was crowded. All this happened in a few seconds. My brother had now returned with the water, and I went to Honoria's assistance. I got a big pole: there was a police officer at the top of the ladder; I put it to their chest, pushed them into an upright position. The police officer behind them pressed them on, while the crowd yelled, wild with delight. I shoved harder and they fell to the ground, amidst deafening cheers and shouts. Others pressed on, to meet the same fate. Now we thought it was high time to evict the police officer we had inside. We got them near the window to throw them out. The police outside rammed their bayonets and wounded us several times, so we had to throw them back again instead of throwing them out. The fight now began properly. We attacked them with all our might and so fierce was the struggle that we smashed a sword-bayonet and injured several of those outside. Eventually we cleared the window again and victory was hailed with thunders of applause outside. The forces outside were dismayed, as if they did not know what to do next.
“We thought that the little respite we got could not be made better use of than by ejecting the police officer who still remained inside, so we caught them again.
“Out they would have gone at the moment for certain, but Father Hannon was at the top of the ladder. They put up their hands and said: ‘Don't throw them out, Frank.' The good priest intervened because they knew that the police would fire the next time.
“Well, anyway, their word was law with the whole of us, and little wonder; so I promised them I would do nothing and let them go. The police then rushed in after Father Hannon, and Father Hannon held me as if in a vice. I never felt such a grip before or since. A great big coward of a police officer struck my mother and handled them brutally. 'Father Hannon' said I, 'are you going to hold me while they choke my mother?' They let me go. I made a spring forward and struck the police officer a blow of my clenched fist, which quietened them anyway.
“The house then became full of police, and several of them grappled me. I made no further struggle; I knew that it was useless, and felt satisfied that we had done all in our power. We were all taken into custody to be sent to jail, and Mr. Davitt and Father Hannon got permission for the former to accompany the girls to jail. In a moment or so we were on the car ready to start, when the girls were released, to be prosecuted in the ordinary way. They brought my mother and myself to Limerick Jail, where we were kept until they brought us up for trial. All the tenants took forcible possession immediately, and they remained there until a settlement was come to the following February.”
The O'Hallorans were then allowed to return to their home. Eventually, in 1909, they along with other Bodyke tenants, were given the chance to buy and own their land – a hard-won victory.
* Originally published in November 2015.
Who says you can't make money off religion, even if you aren't a believer yourself? After all, isn't that what some of the most famous Evangelical Christians do?
You might think that an atheist selling Bibles is a contradiction in terms, and definitely an oxymoron, and you might be right. However, that hasn't stopped Trevor McKendrick from making $100,000 a year selling the “Word of God.”
The whole Bible-selling thing all started for Trevor back in February 2012 when they were out for dinner with their family and learned that a relative of theirs was making $8,000 to $10,000 a month just by selling iPhone apps.
At the time, Trevor was between jobs and thought the idea sounded good, because they needed to supplement their income by around $600 a month.
They then found some Spanish Bible apps that were not good quality. After hiring a Romanian programmer to build a better app for him, they began selling the new product.
They added to the app by including an audio version which took off, generating a cool $5,000 to $6,000 per month.
As Trevor said, “That was the moment where it was: Oh this is not just a side project. This is a living,” adding that the money “doesn't feel like real money because so little work is involved. Dude, I spend maybe an hour on this thing.”
Speaking about the irony of selling Bibles as an atheist, Trevor said, “We don't believe in Christianity. We don't believe in the Bible. I would describe myself as an atheist.”
They went on to explain why morally they have no issue selling Bibles.
“What if you sold Harry Potter books or Lord of the Rings books, but you told people it was real? And you told people if they would just learn how to write spells themselves, they could heal their children? And if you sold that as a real thing? I would feel terrible about that. But that's really the situation I am in selling the bible. I am selling this thing I truly believe is fiction.”
Presumably, God — if there is one– is only too happy that more people are being exposed to The Bible, whether it is fact or fiction.
Update: 7:15am ET, March 25, 2016: The second leaker came forward. The black controller is a fake as well. Watch their video here.
Update: 8:00pm ET, March 24, 2016. The first set of leaked images (the white ones) have been confirmed fake by the “leaker” with video. That means the second one is likely fake, too. Check out the proof here.
Original Story: If you've been following all this Nintendo NX leak news, you know that two separate leaks featuring separate versions of the supposed Nintendo NX controller have spilled onto the internet over the last week. The most recent batch looks the most convincing.
Now, fans have taken to seeing what games might look like when played on the device. Vine user Tim Aza even shared this fan-made footage of the potential new Zelda title running on the controller, complete with fancy UI access animation. Check it out.
I don't know where I stand on this rumored controller yet. With that in mind, the footage does look pretty interesting in motion. That might just be my Zelda-tinted glasses talking, though.
What do you think of the leak with this in mind?
Nvidia co-founder and CEO Jen-Hsun Huang revealed a new partnership on stage at Baidu's annual Baidu World conference today. This partnership with Baidu will see Nvidia and the Chinese tech giant work together on building a comprehensive autonomous driving platform.
“We're going to bring together the technical capabilities, our expertise in AI, and the skills of two world-class companies,” Huang said, noting that the partnership will the AI and deep learning skills of both companies. “By combining these capabilities, we will be able to deliver a cloud-to-car architecture platform that promises to get cars on the road in the next several years.”
Nvidia and Baidu will be building an end-to-end solution for self-driving cars, according to Huang. The end goal is a platform that allows Baidu to get a self-driving taxi fleet on the road, and the same platform is also designed for use in OEM cars, tied into the same network. Huang said this means it's going to be available for branded car OEM consumer vehicle offerings, as well as fleets of driverless commercial vehicles. They noted it will be a “completely open” platform, meaning they're very hopeful other automotive OEMs will come on board.
Huang also talked about deep learning and AI generally, and Nvidia's commitment to both across a variety of industries. They noted that beginning six years ago, even “before many people in Silicon Valley,” Baidu and CEO Robin Li and were investing deeply in this area. Nvidia has been partnering with Baidu on computer learning research for years now, Huang said.
Nvidia introduced its PX 1 self-driving car development platform at CES two years ago, and debuted its more advanced PX 2 second generation version of the same at CES this past January.
A young family was terrified Saturday night when their home was mistakenly targeted in the dead of night by three men with a sawed-off shotgun, police say.
The three men pulled up to a dwelling in the 200 block of Selkirk Avenue in a car at 1:45 a.m. One of the men got out of the vehicle and fired a shot through a front window.
Three people, including an 18-month-old child, were inside at the time. No one was injured.
The previous tenant had moved out unexpectedly two weeks ago, the building manager told CBC News. The young family had moved in only three days before the shooting.
The tenants heard someone knocking on their door and decided not to answer, the building manager said. There was another knock, which the family also ignored.
Then they heard a gunshot ringing through their kitchen, they said.
A shot was fired through the front window of the home, into the family's kitchen. (Kelly Malone/CBC)
The handle of the door had also been ripped off.
Police arrested three suspects a short time later in the 100 block of Selkirk Avenue. All three suspects, aged 46, 47, and 62, face numerous firearms charges related to the incident.
Const. Jay Murray said the suspects believed they knew the people living in the suite, but the family had recently moved in.
All three suspects have a long history of being involved with police, Murray said.
The family was very frightened by the incident, the building manager said, adding they were working on moving them into another location.
They added that they hadn't heard any complaints about the previous tenant.
Worrying gun trend
The incident is part of a worrying trend observed by the Winnipeg Police Service firearms investigative analysis unit, Murray said.
"They've seen a quantity of guns this year already that they normally don't see until the end of prior years," they said.
"These firearms are being used, and they're being used to hurt people and damage property and scare people."
Anyone with information about any firearms in the city is asked to call 911 or 204-986-6222, or contact Crime Stoppers.
[sociallocker id=53963]
AFRICANGLOBE -In the Stevie Wonder song “Black Man,” the Motown marvel sings of Benjamin Banneker: “first clock to be made in America was created by a black man.”
Though the song is a fitting salute to a great inventor (and African Americans in general), it only touches on the genius of Benjamin Banneker and the many hats they wore – as a farmer, mathematician, astronomer, author and land surveyor.
Like a lot of early inventors, Benjamin Banneker was primarily self-taught. The son of former slaves, Benjamin worked on the family tobacco farm and received some early education from a Quaker school. But most of their advanced knowledge came from reading, reading and more reading.
At 15 they took over the farm and invented an irrigation system to control water flow to the crops from nearby springs. As a result of Banneker's innovation, the farm flourished – even during droughts.
But it was their clock invention that really propelled the reputation of Benjamin Banneker. Sometime in the early 1750s, Benjamin borrowed a pocket watch from a wealthy acquaintance, took the watch apart and studied its components.
After returning the watch, they created a fully functioning clock entirely out of carved wooden pieces. The clock was amazingly precise, and would keep on ticking for decades. As the result of the attention their self-made clock received, Banneker was able to start up their own watch and clock repair business.
Benjamin Banneker A Multi-Genius
Benjamin Banneker's accomplishments didn't end there. Borrowing books on astronomy and mathematics from a friend, Benjamin engorged themselves in the subjects. Putting their newfound knowledge to use, Banneker accurately predicted a 1789 solar eclipse.
In the early 1790s, Benjamin Banneker added another job title to their resume – author. Benjamin Benjamin compiled and published their Almanac and Ephemeris of Pennsylvania, Delaware and Maryland (he would publish the journal annually for over a decade), and even sent a copy to secretary of state Thomas Jefferson along with a letter urging the abolition of slavery.
Impressed by their abilities, Jefferson recommended Benjamin Banneker to be a part of a surveying team to lay out Washington, D.C. Appointed to the three-man team by president George Washington, Benjamin Banneker wound up saving the project when the lead architect quit in a fury – taking all the plans with him.
Using their meticulous memory, Benjamin Banneker was able to recreate the plans. Wielding knowledge like a sword, Benjamin Banneker was many things – inventor, author, scientist, anti-slavery proponent – and, as a result, their legacy lives on to this day.
[/sociallocker]
I mentioned in my likes that Michael Chabon's "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay" is one of my favorite books, and that I adore J. R. R. Tolkien, and so my book Santa -- David -- has gifted me with another of Chabon's books ("Gentlemen of the Road: A Tale of Adventure"), which they describe as using "a lot of the same cake-dense prose in a medieval adventure setting as Tolkien was prone to do."
It sounds like an adventure, indeed, which I cannot wait to go on, nor can I wait to see what else my match has come up with for me.
Thank you so much, David!
Update: I received a package from David today! In it was "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius" by Dave Eggers, "The Children's Hospital" by Chris Adrian, a coffee mug from Powell's Books, and a letter explaining their picks. I am beyond excited right now! Dave Eggers is one of those authors I've been wanting to check out for a while now but had no idea where to begin; Chris Adrian I had never heard of before, but their book sounds like it's right up my alley. David's description of "Gentlemen of the Road" was spot-on, and if it's any indication of what's ahead of me, then I really could not have asked for a better Santa.
More than three-quarters of Utah voters don't want Sen. Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE (R) to seek reelection at the end of their term next year, according to a new survey.
A poll by The Salt Lake Tribune and the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute of Politics finds 78 percent of respondents think Hatch should "definitely" or "probably" not run for reelection in 2018.
Another 12 percent think Hatch should "probably" run for reelection, and only 7 percent think they should "definitely" run again.
Voters are divided over whether they approve or disapprove of the job Hatch is doing in Congress.
ADVERTISEMENT
Forty-six percent of respondents strongly or somewhat approve of their job performance, compared to 48 percent who disapprove.
The poll was conducted from July 18 to 20 among 614 registered Utah voters. The margin of error is 3.95 percent.
Hatch, 83, is the most senior Republican senator, having served in the upper chamber since 1977.
Hatch's office said they haven't yet made a final decision about whether they will run for reelection, but said the Utah Republican is focused on serving their state.
"In an era of unprecedented gridlock and division, Senator Hatch is leveraging their leadership and successful legislating experience to encourage civility, bipartisanship, and collaboration among their colleagues," Hatch spokesperson Matt Whitlock told The Salt Lake Tribune.
"He's committed to serving the people of Utah and magnifying the duties of their office to tackle the toughest issues facing our nation. While they haven't made a final decision about a campaign that's more than a year away, they hope to by the end of the year."
Just hours after the State House of Representatives backed an East Windsor casino, Democratic leaders said Wednesday that they fully expect the expansion will be challenged in the courts.
"It's hard to predict what their claims are going to be and then what the defenses are going to be," House Majority Leader Matthew Ritter said. "But we acknowlege that someone is going to sue. We don't know who or for what reason, but they will."
MGM Resorts International, the developer of a $950 million casino and entertainment complex in Springfield, is clear that it intends to pursue legal action. MGM has pushed aggressively for open bidding to expand casino gambling in the state.
Uri Clinton, legal counsel for MGM, said the House vote was far from the end of the matter.
"We will continue to vigorously advocate in the courts as we seek to protect the constitutional rights of any company hoping to do business in Connecticut," Clinton said. "And that, ultimately is what our goal has always been: we'd like the chance to compete to do business in Connecticut."
Early Wednesday, the House approved a major expansion of gambling including the East Windsor casino, an expansion of off-track betting sites and possible sports betting in the future. The casino expansion bill now goes to Gov. Dannel P. Malloy who has expressed support for the bill.
The Senate must still approve the other aspects of gambling expansion.
By 103-46, the House granted final legislative approval for a satellite casino to be built by the Mashantucket Pequot and Mohegan tribes that will be visible from Interstate 91 north of Hartford. The measure passed on a bipartisan basis on one of the most controversial issues facing the legislature in the past two years.
The casino vote was the first of a two-bill gambling package that also called for an expansion of off-track betting sites and possible sports betting in the future. After a short debate, the so-called "sweetener'' bill passed by 77 to 72 with two legislators absent.
The votes marked a stunning turnaround from only two weeks ago when Democratic leaders announced that they did not have enough support to approve the East Windsor casino that had been passed by the state Senate. After the historic votes, the House adjourned at 1:45 a.m. Wednesday.
In addition, lawmakers said another key element was the Senate's approval Tuesday night of the legalization of mixed martial arts matches for the first time on nontribal land as a way to help cities and win votes for the casino package. When a plan to place slot machines at off-track betting sites in Bridgeport, New Haven and Waterbury fell apart Monday night, legislators said it became more important to ensure that those cities could be helped if they want to host mixed martial arts fights.
The multipronged package was designed to win as many votes as possible and address the concerns of the gambling industry.
The measure calls for expanding the number of off-track betting sites to 24, up from the current 18, officials said. It also instructs the state's consumer protection department to begin establishing a regulatory structure for potential sports betting in the event of legalization by the federal government. New Jersey has tried to legalize sports betting in Atlantic City casinos to raise state revenue, but the move has been blocked by the federal courts.
MGM has questioned the process in Connecticut, where many legislators have favored a no-bid casino on private, nontribal land in a process that did not allow open competition by casino operators like MGM or Steve Wynn.
After the House vote, Clinton said that the state "missed an enormous opportunity tonight to put in place an open, transparent, and competitive casino process which could have resulted in as much as $1 billion in economic development, the creation of thousands of jobs, and a licensing fee paid to the state of up to $100 million. What Connecticut got instead was far less than that.''
The tribes said that the jointly built casino would create more than 4,000 jobs - plus another 2,300 construction jobs for the building trades. The 200,000-square-foot structure, which would be smaller than the Springfield complex, would have 2,000 slot machines and 50 to 150 table games.
"There are families across the state breathing a sigh of relief tonight thanks to leaders in both chambers and from both parties," Mohegan Tribal Council chairperson Kevin Brown said in a statement. "With this vote, we have all demonstrated a commitment to protecting the state of Connecticut and the good jobs of its residents."
As part of the package, legislators said, the Senate approved the legalization of mixed martial arts fights 27 to 9 Tuesday night — before any casino debate in the House. The House had already voted 127 to 20 for mixed martial arts, which now goes to the governor for their signature.
In the so-called "sweetener bill,'' the state would also create an entertainment advisory commission to help coordinate concerts because legislators have complained that the XL Center in Hartford and Webster Bank Arena in Bridgeport have lost numerous concerts over the years to the casinos in southeastern Connecticut. The plan would cover venues that have more than 5,000 seats.
Courant staff writer Daniela Altimari contributed to this story.
“From Up on Poppy Hill” takes a gentle, nostalgic look at Japan in 1963, from the perspective of a schoolgirl who lives in the Yokohama neighborhood evoked in the title. Though it was written and “planned” by Hayao Miyazaki, perhaps the greatest living fantasist in world cinema (and directed by their son Goro), this movie, based on a manga by Chizuru Takahashi and Tetsuro Sayama, is a lovely example of the strong realist tendency in Japanese animation. Its visual magic lies in painterly compositions of foliage, clouds, architecture and water, and its emotional impact comes from the way everyday life is washed in the colors of memory.
Umi (voiced in the English version by Sarah Bolger) lives in a house overlooking the water. Them father, a ship captain, was lost at sea during the Korean War, and their mother is studying in the United States, leaving Umi to help their grandmother look after two younger children and a house full of eccentric boarders. The lonely girl is a staple of the Miyazaki universe, and Umi's melancholy, thoughtful manner suffuses the atmosphere of “From Up on Poppy Hill.”
from Derek Thomas Category: Articles
“None is righteous, no, not one; no one understands; no one seeks for God. All have turned aside; together they have become worthless; no one does good, not even one.” (Rom. 3:10-12)
Is it true that the natural man cannot do any good at all? Is this not something of an overstatement? The Westminster Confession of Faith, for example, reflects this point of view when it asserts:
From this original corruption, whereby we are utterly indisposed, disabled, and made opposite to all good, and wholly inclined to all evil, do proceed all actual transgressions.
Are there not occasions when unbelievers show acts of kindness and self-sacrifice? Imagine, for a moment, writing a letter to one of the national newspapers in which you say, “Non-Christians have never done anything good.” It would not be difficult to imagine the opprobrium that would result from such a statement. What, then, do Paul and the Westminster Confession mean when they collectively assert such a position?
Even the unbeliever's good acts are evil
The answer requires some finesse. Calvin, for example, taught that fallen human beings still have the capacity for what they called “civic virtue”—keeping laws and conventions of society, and interacting with others in a way that is not vicious or evil. In these relationships, human beings are capable of acts that are good, compassionate, laudable, and virtuous. Indeed, non-Christians often prove kinder than Christians in acts of mercy and compassion.
How is this admission, that there exist acts of human kindness that we may label “good,” compatible with Paul's assertion: “None is righteous, no, not one… . No one does good, not even one” (Rom. 3:10–12; see Ps. 14:1–3)? R.C. Sproul writes:
The answer is that what fallen man can do on the horizontal plane in their behavior toward other people they cannot do on the vertical plane in their behavior toward God. When Scripture records, “There is none who does good, no, not one,” good is more narrowly defined than it usually is.
The “goodness” in view in Romans 3:12 (citing Ps. 14:3) is goodness as God sees it. The Bible is asserting that even acts of civic kindness done by an unbeliever fail to meet the requirement of God's law—namely, that all our actions must be done with a view to glorifying God. In that sense, even the unbeliever's good acts are evil. These actions “cannot please God” (Rom. 8:8). In the language of The Book of Common Prayer (1662), “there is no health in us.”
God alone can provide new life where there is inability and blindness
The unbeliever's moral inability to do good—good that may be credited to their account by way of righteousness—means that there is only one possible way of salvation: it must come from outside himself. God alone can provide new life where there is inability and blindness. We need a spiritual rebirth, one that God alone can provide.
Excerpt from How the Gospel Brings Us All the Way Home by Derek Thomas.
By Gary Ashcroft
Let me preface my comments with a few statements. I am Mormon. I've been one for my entire life. I believe that the Gospel is true and that it can bring us happiness. I also believe that the Church is led by a prophet, Thomas S. Monson, and that they speak for God. I am proud of my membership in the Church and wish in no way to disparage it, abandon it, or equivocate as to my beliefs.
That being said, I also recognize that the Church and the Gospel are not the same. The Gospel is God's restored truth and is perfect, supernal, and comforting. On the other hand, the Church is merely a vehicle for our access to the Gospel, and it is run by people who are imperfect and make mistakes. History reveals that such mistakes have been made by Church leaders in both ancient and modern times. Although this notion may be troubling to us in the Church, it need not be. Rather, it can serve as a means of developing a deeper testimony of the omniscience of God and of coping with contemporary Church stances with which we might disagree (like the new policy on children of same-sex unions).
The Church's beginnings are rife with mistakes. Take, for example, Paul's words in Galatians 2:11-12. Here we have Paul recounting how, when Peter came to Antioch, “[he] withstood them to the face, because they were to be blamed.” For what was they to be blamed? Apparently, Peter had been eating with gentiles, but when some Jewish converts to Christianity showed up, they “withdrew and separated themselves [from the gentiles], fearing them which were of the circumcision.”
Keep in mind, this came after Peter had received their vision (recounted in Acts 10) in which they were called to take the Gospel to the gentiles. In essence, Peter was acting contrary to a commandment they had received, as Prophet of the Church, which applied to the entire Church. Paul, understandably and justifiably, chastised him. We can assume, given their subsequent presence in “Babylon,” that Peter repented of their mistake/sin and heeded Paul's counsel, resuming their ministry to the gentiles.
Fast-forward a couple of millennia. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which Mormons believe is the restoration of the church headed by Peter, was rapidly expanding under the leadership of its prophet, Joseph Smith. Under Smith's direction, the Gospel was preached to all, including Caucasians, Native Americans, and African Americans. Many African Americans were baptized into the faith and were even ordained to the priesthood (including Elijah Abel and Walker Lewis). Brigham Young, who would succeed Smith as Prophet of the Church, even described a black priesthood holder as “one of the best Elders.”
In contrast with their admiration of that priesthood holder (presumably Walker Lewis), Young held a decidedly uncharitable view of other African Americans. For example, they expressed disgust (and even a desire for violence) when they learned that Walker Lewis's son, Enoch Lovejoy Lewis, had married a white Mormon woman and had fathered a child with them Later, Young appealed to the infamous “curse of Cain” doctrine in an attempt to explain why blacks should serve their “superiors.” At around the same time, in 1852, they announced the notorious “one-drop” rule, under which anyone with African ancestry would be denied the priesthood.
Brigham Young, like many white men and women of their time (including notable abolitionists like Abraham Lincoln and Elizabeth Cady Stanton ), was racist. They held views on ethnicity and equality that are incompatible with the Gospel of Christ. Given these views, and the fact that the priesthood had previously been given to African-American men (and is now available to worthy males of all races), I can only conclude that the ban on African Americans holding the priesthood, like Peter's actions at Antioch, was a mistake; it was policy, not doctrine.
The idea of a prophet – either ancient or modern – making a mistake is troubling to many Mormons. It shouldn't be. Mormon doctrine has long rejected prophetic infallibility, and a statement in the Deseret News (hardly a bastion of progressive Mormon thought) does a good job of summarizing this concept: “Prophets are not always prophets. And when they are prophets, it's also important to remember that they are not infallible (or incapable of making mistakes).”
What about the whole “the prophet will never lead us astray” quote that we always hear? Well, we first have to consider what it means to be “led astray.” The author of the above-referenced Deseret News article contends that the quote means that the Prophet will never lead us away from the core gospel principles, namely faith, repentance, baptism, receiving the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end. Obviously (fingers-crossed!) the Brethren will never have us deviate from these precepts. Beyond that, they contend, it's debatable.
Although the concept of prophetic fallibility may seem unsettling, it has actually served to enhance, not detract from, my testimony of the Gospel's truthfulness. The fact that the Church has endured and prospered, despite Brigham Young's racism, Ezra Taft Benson's support for the John Birch Society (albeit before they were Prophet), and the Brethren's support for Prop. 8, shows that God, not man, is at the head of this work. The Church's success in the face of such troubling realities lets me know that God, in Their omniscience and infinite wisdom, is able to work with imperfect people to bring about their purposes. In truth, the fallibility of the Brethren helps convince me of the power of Christ's Atonement – Their grace has enabled the Church to flourish despite its leaders' flaws.
As I alluded to earlier, the Church recently announced a change to its Handbook of Instructions which prohibits children of same-sex couples from receiving baby blessings and from being baptized. Although I can understand the Church's logic behind this, I fundamentally disagree with it. However, the arguments listed above, and the knowledge that the Handbook contains “Church policy and practices, not doctrine,” give me comfort that, despite my strong aversion to this policy, the Gospel is still true and Thomas S. Monson is still a Prophet of God. I hope that, as others come to understand the doctrine of prophetic fallibility, they will be able to derive a similar sense of comfort.
Gary Ashcroft is a third year law student at the University of Georgia.
Since we're on the subject of predators in politics, now might be a good time to highlight one particularly egregious repeat offender:
It's time to talk about former Vice President Joe Biden, the open sexual predator. A thread/moment… — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
In this clip, former Vice President Biden uses a candid moment to fondle the chest area of a little girl — in front of their entire family. Them visible discomfort is extremely obvious. pic.twitter.com/PXZx68KEGe — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
If that wasn't disturbing enough, in this clip, Biden not only touches a young woman but smells their hair, kisses her, whispering something into their ear, only to tell them "see you back home, I hope" after visibly creeping out them and who I assume is their mother. pic.twitter.com/WrFLWmAPFJ — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
As former VP, Biden had a habit of smelling the hair of women and (particularly) little girls. In this clip, they fix the hair of a little girl, conveniently placing their hands near their chest area. Them and the other young girl beside them clearly seem uncomfortable by it all. pic.twitter.com/fpER7WB604 — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
In this clip, Biden swears-in (R) Senator Jim Risch. During photographs, Biden touches Risch's daughter, specifically asking to take a photo alone with them You can hear Risch say "Dad's going to stand pretty close." (I wonder why?) Biden even jokes and says, "If I was young…" pic.twitter.com/LLqJ4guU0q — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
In this clip at another swearing-in ceremony, former VP Biden starts strangely sniffing the hair of a very young girl (he just met) repeatedly, also kissing on them This man clearly has no boundaries. pic.twitter.com/MxYxEJVDRR — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
Biden almost always seems to immediately inquire about the age of the girls they meet during these ops. They also have a habit of creepily saying "no serious guys till you're 31." "Serious" guys? The way they handle young girls is discomforting to watch. You can see it on their faces. pic.twitter.com/AH0V41WiQG — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
In this clip, Biden grabs onto a little girl they just met, continuing to grab them with one hand as they use their other to shake hands with those he's being introduced to. Very awkward. They then starts stroking their face repeatedly. pic.twitter.com/NhHkuthDb6 — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
A lot of the family members involved in these awkward moments don't know how to respond to Joe Biden preying on their young female relatives. Jeff Sessions, however, knows exactly what to do. Watch as they swat Biden's hand from touching their granddaughter. Wonder why he'd do that? pic.twitter.com/YNw5ZHlXWP — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
Former VP Joe Biden doesn't just target little girls. Watch as they grab onto the shoulder's of Ashton Carter's wife, Stephanie, smelling their hair. She's clearly surprised by their awkward behavior. pic.twitter.com/nerOikRQcZ — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
Why must former Vice President Joe Biden habitually smell the hair of the women, little girls, and babies they meet? pic.twitter.com/U53mdueVFi — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
No woman is safe from Joe Biden's creepy disposition. Not even Hillary Clinton herself. Watch as they awkwardly embrace them for a particularly long amount of time. They keep patting their arm as a gesture to let go, but they refuse. pic.twitter.com/u9YQilkON3 — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
The media has even acknowledged that former Vice President Joe Biden clearly has a problem controlling their behavior around women and young girls. pic.twitter.com/kGgZfB9mst — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
After the presented evidence, no morally sound person should want former Vice President Joe Biden back in an elected position of power.  They are a danger to women. The proof is crystal clear. They should be investigated. (End of thread)#CreepyJoeBiden/#CreepyUncleJoe — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
Biden's been pulling this crap for years — and they repeatedly get away with it. Why?
Your "whatabout" strategy is ridiculous. — Jonas (@oujibored) November 13, 2017
This isn't a "whatabout" or a strategy. A man that blatantly perverted should never be in a position of power. That's all this is about. — Richard Armande Mills (RAM) (@RAMRANTS) November 13, 2017
We can't emphasize this enough: Sexually creepy behavior is creepy no matter what political party you belong to.
After experiencing the seemingly never-ending winter that recently passed, today reaffirmed how great nature can be and how lucky we are who study, appreciate and revere it. The editor apologizes for not listing more but it is the month of May with bushels of bird reports and the hour is late.
Summer Tanager at Chimney Rock
(Summer Tanager, Chimney Rock, Martinsville, NJ, photo by Jeff Ellerbusch)
Summer Tanager is a rare visitor indeed to Somerset, Morris and most counties in New Jersey. This immature male was observed by Jeff Ellerbusch, Grant Price and Bob Roland in the Chimney Rock parking lot. 8 species of warblers were also in attendance as May starts to heat up.
Yellow-throated Warbler at Loantaka Brook Reservation
What has become an unprecedented spring for Yellow-throated Warblers in the mocosocoBirds region adds another record today. Jim Mulvey found and photographed a Yellow-throated Warbler (Setophaga dominca albilora) by the Kitchell Pond bridge on the main path at Loantaka Brook Reservation. The warbler was still present at the same location at 5 p.m.
Numerous other warblers and vireos were reported by many observers today from Loantaka.
Vesper Sparrow and Shorebirds in the Great Swamp NWR
Jim Gilbert found the Vesper Sparrow pictured above along the drive leading from Lees Hill Road to the Fenske Vistor Center. It was still there at 6:00 p.m.
Pleasant Plains Road is flooded and impassable beyond the Fenske Center but the water has also created favorable shorebird habitat. The following shorebirds were seen near the water's edge: 1 Spotted and 2 Solitary Sandpipers, 2 Greater Yellowlegs and 2 Least Sandpipers (J. Klizas, Simon Lane, Joe Pescatore). Modest, of course, but this is Morris County where every shorebird is savored; one cannot be sure when one will be seen again.
Jonathan's Woods, Denville Township
Jonathan's Woods is more than the late Cathedral Pines, mostly destroyed by superstorm Sandy in 2012. There is an extensive wetlands system, deciduous woodland and mixed habitat which is a magnet for migrant songbirds in spring.
At dawn today were Great Crested Flycatcher, Warbling Vireo, Veery, Hermit Thrush, Ovenbirds, Northern Waterthrush, Blue-winged Warbler, Common Yellowthroat, Hooded Warbler, Yellow, Palm, Pine, Yellow-rumped and Black-throated Green Warblers and Baltimore Oriole. White-throated Sparrows were numerous.
Rockaway Township
Various stops in this excellent birding area, with Green Pond Road as its main artery, produced the following:
Snakehill Road: a flyover Osprey, Blue-headed Vireo, 3 Wood Thrush, 1 Brown Thrasher, 4 Ovenbirds, 2 Louisiana Watherthrushes and 1 Black-throated Green Warbler.
Lake Denmark Road: flyover Common Loon, Broad-winged Hawk, Killdeer, Spotted Sandpiper, Yellow-throated Vireo, Gray Catbird, Ovenbirds galore , 2 Louisiana Waterthrushes, Blue-winged Warbler, Black-and-white Warbler, American Redstart, Yellow-rumped Warbler, Prairie Warbler, Black-throated Green Warbler and Baltimore Oriole.
A Common Raven harrased a Red-tailed Hawk over Green Pond Road at Craigmeur.
Deerhaven Lake. adds a visual Worm-eating Warbler and Blue-headed Vireo.
Oak Meadows/Sasso Tract and the Righter Mine Trail had Veerys, Red-eyed Vireo, Ruby-crowned Kinglet, Great Crested Flycatcher, Louisiana Waterthrush, Ovenbirds, Black-throated Green Warbler, etc.
Bonaparte's Gulls at Budd Lake
The Common Terns of yesterday are gone but 4 basic plumaged Bonaparte's Gulls remain along with hundreds of swallows and 2 Common Loons at Budd Lake.
Other Field Notes
From Ken Hart:
White-eyed Vireo at 6pm at Robert Stahl Natural Area, Bedminster. Also 3 Green Herons, and a Savannah Sparrow.
Earlier on Black River Rd, Long Valley:
Gray Catbird, Black-and-white Warbler and Blue-headed Vireo.
Hardscrabble Rd, Bernardsville: Black-throated Blue Warbler.
Continuing Eastern Meadowlarks singing in the fields at Black River & Lamington Roads.
From Bobby Skrabal, Hillsborough Twp.:
During the past two days we've had a number of visitors to our yard. The annual Rose-breasted Grosbeak pair and a Ruby-throated hummingbird showed up yesterday at the feeders. We also had a Veery foraging in the woods yesterday, and today the Wood Thrush was singing bright and early. The list of warblers over the past two days: Yellow-rumped, American Redstart, Northern Parula, Black-throated Green, Black-throated Blue, Blackburnian, Black-and-white, and an Ovenbird. Other notable birds included an Eastern Kingbird and two Indigo Bunting today, as well as a Yellow-throated Vireo, which was singing from the top of the trees, yesterday. Still waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to arrive…
From Walter Blenderman:
1 Black-crowned Night-Heron on the Somerset side of the Green Brook Park opposite the Horse Shoe Pond – first time I've seen one there. It was kind of dirty looking on the belly area; mud, I guess. There was also 1 Green Heron in a tree by the same pond (Union side).
2 Black-crowned Night-Herons at West End Pond, on tree limbs in the back.
What if potential viewers were the ones to decide whether or not a TV show gets made?
This is the loose idea behind Amazon Studios' "pilot seasons," or the semiannual periods when it makes the first episodes of prospective shows available to watch for free, and then surveys viewers to find out if they want more — or less — of what they just saw. Amazon has been hosting these pilot seasons twice a year since 2013, but the most memorable one to date is early 2014, since it featured the pilots for both Transparent and Mozart in the Jungle.
The process certainly sounds very democratic, even if Amazon probably has a good idea of which projects it wants to pursue before viewer voting even starts. But at the very least, it offers an interesting way for the general viewing public to peek at what kinds of programming might be in the television pipeline.
This brings us to Amazon's fall 2016 pilot season, which began on August 19 and features three different offerings: The Tick, Jean-Claude Van Johnson, and I Love Dick. All three pilots are vastly different from one another; the only thing they really have in common is that they're all billed as comedies (which may have been a mistake on Amazon's part, since none of them have any particularly hard punchlines to speak of). That's not to say they aren't all interesting, though, for one reason or another.
If you don't have time to watch them all — or just want a quick primer going in — here's what to expect.
Rating 3
Based on Chris Kraus's semi-autobiographical novel and helmed by Transparent creator Jill Soloway, I Love Dick is the latest entry in the genre that some might call "affluent miserable people being affluent and miserable around each other." This may intrigue you, or it may inspire you to skip to the next review.
If you're still reading, here's the gist of the show: Chris (Kathryn Hahn) is a listless filmmaker who describes themselves as "straddling 40." Them dissatisfaction with their life seeps out of their every pore, especially in regard to their waning marriage. But when their husband Sylvere (Griffin Dunne) scores an academic fellowship with a famed and magnetic professor — the titular Dick, played by Kevin Bacon — Chris finds themselves so drawn to Dick that they start writing passionate letters addressed to him. When Sylvere finds out about them, he's mostly confused — and a little turned on.
Plot-wise, there's not much more to the pilot than that; it mostly focuses on creating the atmosphere of the couple's malaise, and reveling in the simultaneously sleepy and pretentious town of Marfa, Texas, where the story is set. Soloway gets to show off their skill at making even the most mundane moments feel incredibly intimate, whether it's Chris and Sylvere's neighbor (a deadpan Roberta Colindrez) glancing at the couple through their trailer windows, or Chris fidgeting in a line for drinks as Dick smolders nearby.
Beyond Soloway's direction and the fantastic Hahn stepping into an overdue starring role, I Love Dick doesn't quite justify itself as the first episode of an ongoing series, especially if you — like me — haven't read the source material. Soloway and Hahn are a team worth rooting for, though, so hopefully a future second episode will get further past the surface.
Jean-Claude Van Johnson (directed by Peter Atencio)
Rating 2.5
Jean-Claude Van Johnson is one of the most confusing comedy pilots I've ever seen. It's either a completely self-aware parody of Jean-Claude Van Damme's macho reputation, or a vanity project for Van Damme to act out their wildest black ops dreams. Or maybe it's somewhere in between? Taken at face value, it's almost impossible to tell.
Van Damme plays himself, and the show follows the once hugely popular action star as they wander aimlessly around Los Angeles. But this version of Jean-Claude — who's known as "J.C." to their friends and bitter ex-lovers — is more than just a former movie star. He's also an undercover spy — code name "Johnson" — whose movie sets doubled as home bases.
The pilot picks up with J.C. coming out of retirement, both as an actor and Johnson. They say he's just bored, but really, they ran into their former co-worker and ex-girlfriend (Kat Foster) and figures Johnson could win them back.
There are some undeniably fun moments, especially when Phylicia Rashad shows up as the agent who used to assign Jean-Claude both movie roles and black ops assignments. And director Peter Atencio is the perfect fit for a project like this, given their experience directing every episode of Comedy Central's genre-bending sketch show Key and Peele, not to mention the comedy duo's recent action comedy, Keanu.
But the loose thread that causes the whole pilot to fall apart is unfortunately the one that matters most: Van Damme himself. The actor is clearly game to make fun of their own reputation, and there are moments when it really works, like a montage where J.C. tries to complete their old workout routine and realizes with some horror that he's a mortal being.
More often, though, Van Damme is trying so hard to act that their face doesn't end up doing much at all. Without a strong performance at the center of an already confusing premise, the show probably doesn't stand much of a chance.
The Tick (directed by Wally Pfister)
Rating 3.5
After writing a Tick comic book series (1988 to 1993), a Tick cartoon (1994 to 1997), and a live-action TV series (2001), Ben Edlund is taking another shot at bringing their singularly bizarre — and amongst The Tick's fans, fiercely beloved — superhero vision to life.
Set in a world where seemingly alien superheroes are descending upon the real world, The Tick might have a real shot at success in 2016, when do-gooders in Spandex are just as much a part of the TV landscape as they ever were in movies. But the show still has some more work to do if it wants to compete in such a crowded field, with Hollywood threatening to hit peak superhero saturation.
The pilot focuses mostly on Arthur (Griffin Newman), a determined and twitchy 20-something whose origin story includes an evil spaceship hurtling straight into their strict father, immediately killing them and sparking Arthur's lifelong obsession with finding the responsible party, and a villain dubbed "The Terror" (Preacher's Jackie Earle Haley). As they descend deeper and deeper into the rabbit hole that is trying to track The Terror down, they encounter the Tick (Peter Serafinowicz), a Smurf-blue superhero with a booming voice and penchant for pithiness who decides to recruit Arthur to be their sidekick.
The tone of The Tick isn't quite like anything else — but it isn't particularly focused, either. Part of the point of the show is that the aggressively silly Tick makes no sense within the context of Arthur's bleak world, but the pilot suffers from a disappointing disconnect between Edlund's script and Wally Pfister's direction.
Edlund's script, for example, vacillates between grounded realism and zippy punchlines. Pfister — whose cinematography includes the entirety of Christopher Nolan's dark Batman trilogy — clearly struggles to navigate that dichotomy. The pilot looks slick, but punchlines that should zip end up sagging, since Pfister's clearly far more comfortable painting Arthur's washed-out world than playing with the Tick's Technicolor weirdness. If Amazon decides to move forward with The Tick, the show will need to find a better balance between those two sides of itself, and fast.
You can currently watch the pilot episodes of I Love Dick, Jean-Claude Van Johnson, and The Tick for free at Amazon.
Corrected to reflect that Jackie Earle Haley was in Preacher, not Breaking Bad.
With hopes of chipping away at the high-end Windows PC market, Google enlisted ASUS' help in putting together a small form factor desktop machine running Chrome OS. The result is the ASUS Chromebox, a NUC-like machine running Google's browser based OS. The specs of the ASUS Chromebox are respectable compared to Intel's line of Haswell NUCs.
You get your choice of one of three CPUs, all based on Intel's Haswell architecture. There's the Celeron 2955U, Core i3-4010U or the Core i7-4600U. All three options carry the same 15W TDP rating, and the system is apparently fanless (at least the Celeron and Core i3 versions are, waiting for confirmation on the i7). ASUS only plans to offer the Celeron and Core i3 versions in North America. 4K video out is supported on the Core models. Given how well Chrome OS can run on a pair of ARM Cortex A15 cores, I fully expect a 15W Haswell based system to be a great performer.
ASUS Chromebox Intel Haswell NUC OS Preloaded Google Chrome OS None CPU Intel Celeron 2955U (2C/2T 1.4GHz 2MB L3)
Intel Core i3-4010U (2C/4T 1.7GHz 3MB L3)
Intel Core i7-4600U (2C/4T 2.1/3.3GHz 4MB L3) Intel Core i3-4010U (2C/4T 1.7GHz 3MB L3)
Intel Core i5-4250U (2C/4T 1.3/2.6GHz 3MB L3) GPU Celeron: Intel HD (200/1000MHz)
Core i3: Intel HD 4400 (200/1000MHz)
Core i7: Intel HD 4400 (200/1100MHz) Core i3: Intel HD 4400 (200/1000MHz)
Core i5: Intel HD 5000 (200/1000MHz) Memory 2GB/4GB configs, 2 x DDR3 SO-DIMM Slots 2 x DDR3 SO-DIMM Slots Storage 16GB M.2 SSD + 100GB Google Drive for 2 years 1 x mini PCIe (full length) LAN 10/100/1000 Ethernet 10/100/1000 Ethernet Wireless dual-band 802.11 a/b/g/n, BT 4.0 1 x mini PCIe (half length) External I/O SD card reader
4 x USB 3.0
1 x HDMI
1 x DisplayPort
1 x Audio Jack (mic-in/speaker out) 4 x USB 3.0
1 x mini HDMI
1 x mini DisplayPort
1 x Audio Jack (mic-in/speaker out) Power Supply 65W 65W Dimensions 4.88" x 4.88" x 1.65" 4.59" x 4.41" x 1.36" Starting Price $179 $285
ASUS' Chromebox comes with a 16GB M.2 SSD, and dual-band 802.11n wireless all for a price starting at $179. Google will throw in 100GB of space on Google Drive for 2 years to make up for the limited internal storage.
The box itself is a little bigger than Intel's Haswell NUC, but we're still talking about an extremely small form factor computer. ASUS will ship all units with a VESA mount as well. You can expect availability sometime in March.
Xbox One Backwards Compatibility List: New Game Titles Include ‘Burnout Revenge,' ‘A Kingdom Of Keflings,' ‘Skate 3' Jon Mendoza Jun 02, 2016 09:24 AM EDT
Xbox/Xbox One
In line with the Xbox One backwards compatibility, new titles have been revealed to come out before the Electronics Entertainment Expo or E3 2016.
Five game titles have been confirmed to be unveiled as parts of the Xbox One backwards compatibility at the E3, according to Express UK. As per the publication, these include "Burnout Revenge," "Dragon Age II," "Fight Night Round 4," "Fable Anniversary," and "Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit."
Aside from the asupervisorstioned game titles, other games included in Xbox One backwards compatibility are "A Kingdom of Keflings," "Assassin's Creed," "BattleBlock Theater," "Borderlands," "Call of Duty: Black ops," "The Cave," "Dark Void," "Faery: Legends of Avalon," "Gears of War," "Halo Wars," :Lego Batman," "Motocross Madness," "Pinball FX," "Sonic The Hedgehog," and "Zuma's Revenge!," among others, as per Game Spot.
According to Eurogamer, "Skate 3" may also be part of the list, since player's game request continue to rise, not to mention that the game has recently been included in the digital code ready for release anytime. Serving as the sequel to Electronic Arts' "Skate 2," the game centers on skateboarding in the fictional city of Port Caverton.
As per the publication, selected series had enjoyed an ensured and enjoyable upgrade in the present console generations. In addition to being a weary evolution, the game served as a "vibrant" and "eager" development for the Cool Boarder and Tony Hawk's legacy of dynamic sports video games.
Overall, the games are set to be unveiled at the E3 event, which is slated in June.
Units would investigate crimes against women, especially rape, dowry deaths, acid attacks and human trafficking
NEW DELHI, Jan 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - India's home ministry has proposed setting up 150 special police teams across the country to probe crimes against women and ensure victims get justice, the government said.
The Investigative Units on Crimes Against Women (IUCAW) would be deployed in India's 29 states with the aim of strengthening the criminal justice system by conducting thorough probes, leading to stronger prosecutions and higher convictions.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has written to the chief ministers of all the states asking them to examine the IUCAW proposal, said a government statement late on Monday.
"The objective of these units will be to investigate cases referred to them (and) augment the investigative machinery of the states in relation to the heinous crimes against women, especially rape, dowry deaths, acid attacks and human trafficking," said the statement.
The units' responsibilities would include policing, intelligence gathering, tackling organised crime, monitoring implementation of laws, spreading awareness and promoting public participation in checking crimes against women, it said.
The annual cost of the IUCAW project will be 840 million rupees ($13.25 million) with 2,250 officers for the 150 units, said the statement. A third of the officers will be women to help instill confidence and encourage victims to come forward.
The home minister has also asked states to set up fast-track courts specifically for gender crimes, said the statement, adding that this would help ensure speedy justice.
Reports of crimes against women in India increased by 26.7 percent to 309,546 in 2013 compared to the previous year, according to the National Crime Records Bureau.
These include rape, kidnapping, sexual harassment, trafficking, molestation and cruelty by husbands and relatives. They also include crimes in which a woman was driven to suicide as a result of demands for a dowry from their husband or in-laws.
Activists say women in India endure a primitive, poorly funded, under-resourced and insensitive criminal justice system that has failed to care for them and deliver justice.
Most crimes are not reported, largely due to the deep-rooted conservatism of Indian society, where victims are scared to come forward for fear of being "shamed" by their families or communities.
Those brave enough to go to authorities face numerous challenges in getting perpetrators put behind bars - insensitive police, a lack of counselling, shoddy police investigations, long trials and weak prosecutions in the courts.
(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, editing by Alisa Tang.)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
This Is About Us
The talks at Copenhagen are not just about climate change. They represent a battle to redefine humanity.
By George Monbiot. Published in the Guardian 15th December 2009
This is the moment at which we turn and face ourselves. Here, in the plastic corridors and crowded stalls, among impenetrable texts and withering procedures, humankind decides what it is and what it will become. It chooses whether to continue living as it has done, until it must make a wasteland of its home, or to stop and redefine itself. This is about much more than climate change. This is about us.
The meeting at Copenhagen confronts us with our primal tragedy. We are the universal ape, equipped with the ingenuity and aggression to bring down prey much larger than itself, break into new lands, roar its defiance of natural constraints. Now we find ourselves hedged in by the consequences of our nature, living meekly on this crowded planet for fear of provoking or damaging others. We have the hearts of lions and live the lives of clerks.
The summit's premise is that the age of heroism is over. We have entered the age of accomodation. No longer may we live without restraint. No longer may we swing our fists regardless of whose nose might be in the way. In everything we do we must now be mindful of the lives of others, cautious, constrained, meticulous. We may no longer live in the moment, as if there were no tomorrow.
This is a meeting about chemicals: the greenhouse gases insulating the atmosphere. But it is also a battle between two world views. The angry men who seek to derail this agreement, and all such limits on their self-fulfilment, have understood this better than we have. A new movement, most visible in North America and Australia, but now apparent everywhere, demands to trample on the lives of others as if this were a human right. It will not be constrained by taxes, gun laws, regulations, health and safety, especially environmental restraints. It knows that fossil fuels have granted the universal ape amplification beyond its Palaeolithic dreams. For a moment, a marvellous, frontier moment, they allowed us to live in blissful mindlessness.
The angry men know that this golden age has gone; but they cannot find the words for the constraints they hate. Clutching their copies of Atlas Shrugged, they flail around, accusing those who would impede them of communism, fascism, religiosity, misanthropy, but knowing at heart that these restrictions are driven by something far more repulsive to the unrestrained man: the decencies we owe to other human beings.
I fear this chorus of bullies, but I also sympathise. I lead a mostly peaceful life, but my dreams are haunted by giant aurochs. All those of us whose blood still races are forced to sublimate, to fantasise. In daydreams and video games we find the lives that ecological limits and other people's interests forbid us to live.
Humanity is no longer split between conservatives and liberals, reactionaries and progressives, though both sides are informed by the older politics. Today the battlelines are drawn between expanders and restrainers; those who believe that there should be no impediments, and those who believe that we must live within limits. The vicious battles we have seen so far between greens and climate change deniers, road safety campaigners and speed freaks, real grassroots groups and corporate-sponsored astroturfers are just the beginning. This war will become much uglier as people kick against the limits that decency demands.
So here we are, in the land of Beowulf's heroics, lost in a fog of acronyms and euphemisms, parentheses and exemptions, the deathly diplomacy required to accommodate everyone's demands. There is no space for heroism here; all passion and power breaks against the needs of others. This is how it should be, though every neurone revolts against it.
Although the delegates are waking up to the scale of their responsibility, I still believe that they will sell us out. Everyone wants their last adventure. Hardly anyone among the official parties can accept the implications of living within our means, of living with tomorrow in mind. There will, they tell themselves, always be another frontier, another means to escape our constraints, to dump our dissatisfactions on other places and other people. Hanging over everything discussed here is the theme that dare not speak its name, always present but never mentioned. Economic growth is the magic formula which allows our conflicts to remain unresolved.
While economies grow, social justice is unnecessary, as lives can be improved without redistribution. While economies grow, people need not confront their elites. While economies grow, we can keep buying our way out of trouble. But, like the bankers, we stave off trouble today only by multiplying it tomorrow. Through economic growth we are borrowing time at punitive rates of interest. It ensures that any cuts agreed at Copenhagen will eventually be outstripped. Even if we manage to prevent climate breakdown, growth means that it's only a matter of time before we hit a new constraint, which demands a new global response: oil, water, phosphate, soil. We will lurch from crisis to existential crisis unless we address the underlying cause: perpetual growth cannot be accomodated on a finite planet.
For all their earnest self-restraint, the negotiators in the plastic city are still not serious, even about climate change. There's another great unmentionable here: supply. Most of the nation states tussling at Copenhagen have two fossil fuel policies. One is to minimise demand, by encouraging us to reduce our consumption. The other is to maximise supply, by encouraging companies to extract as much from the ground as they can.
We know, from the papers published in Nature in April, that we can use a maximum of 60% of current reserves of coal, oil and gas if the average global temperature is not to rise by more than two degrees(1). We can burn much less if, as many poorer countries now insist, we seek to prevent the temperature from rising by more than 1.5C. We know that capture and storage will dispose of just a small fraction of the carbon in these fuels. There are two obvious conclusions: governments must decide which existing reserves of fossil fuel are to be left in the ground, and they must introduce a global moratorium on prospecting for new reserves. Neither of these proposals has even been mooted for discussion.
But somehow this first great global battle between expanders and restrainers must be won and then the battles that lie beyond it – rising consumption, corporate power, economic growth – must begin. If governments don't show some resolve on climate change, the expanders will seize on the restrainers' weakness. They will attack – using the same tactics of denial, obfuscation and appeals to self-interest – the other measures that protect people from each other, or which prevent the world's ecosystems from being destroyed. There is no end to this fight, no line these people will not cross. They too are aware that this a battle to redefine humanity, and they wish to redefine it as a species even more rapacious than it is today.
www.monbiot.com
References:
1. https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2009/08/31/not-even-wrong/
Bruce Ohr, the former associate deputy attorney general who was demoted at the Justice Department in the wake of revelations about undisclosed meetings they had with officials from Fusion GPS, had their scheduled testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee postponed until later this week, sources told Fox News.
Ohr was set to appear before the Senate panel Monday, but the appearance was delayed after the committee secured new related documents, which members wanted to review before hearing from him.
Fusion GPS is the company that commissioned the anti-Trump dossier containing salacious allegations about then-candidate Donald Trump.
Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, worked at Fusion GPS during the summer, specifically on Trump-related issues.
Together, the Fusion connections for the couple have raised Republican concerns about objectivity at the Justice Department, and even spurred a call from Trump's outside counsel for a separate special prosecutor.
Fox News previously reported last week that Bruce Ohr had been demoted.
Evidence collected by the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI), chaired by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., indicates that Ohr met during the 2016 campaign with Christopher Steele, the former British spy who authored the “dossier.”
Republican lawmakers have spent the better part of this year investigating whether the dossier, which was funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee, served as the basis for the Justice Department and the FBI to obtain FISA surveillance last year on a Trump campaign adviser named Carter Page.
Last week, Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow called for the appointment of a separate special prosecutor to look into potential conflicts of interest involving Justice Department and FBI officials.
A group of House Republicans for months has called for the appointment of a second special counsel to probe certain Obama and Clinton-related controversies, something Attorney General Jeff Sessions is reviewing.
Fox News' Chad Pergram contributed to this report.
Gavin Grimm — the transgender teenager who is fighting for the right to use the boys' room at their high school, even though they graduated this summer — tells LGBTQ Nation they have decided it's time to live on their own, as their own man.
Where they go, however, is very much up in the air, including how far it will be from conservative, rural Gloucester, Virginia, where the school board refuses to concede they should have been treated like every other boy.
Related: Gavin Grimm Isn't Giving Up
Grimm called LGBTQ Nation before making an address Thursday to the American Federation of Teachers' biennial TEACH convention at the Marriott Wardman in Washington, D.C.
American Federation of Teachers
In our wide-ranging phone interview, they talked about their love life, their music and movie favorites, as well as being thrust into the limelight as a transgender boy, now a man hunting for a new home and then headed to college. And Grimm revealed that he's optimistic about the future for trans rights.
Grimm and I first met at the premiere of Katie Couric's National Geographic special, Gender Revolution, and after reminiscing about their red carpet experience at the GLAAD Media Awards in New York City in May, our conversation turned to their ongoing court battle.
In less than two months, their lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union will present their case in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, arguing that the school board policy barring them from using the boys bathroom is illegal and still discriminates against them whenever they visit the school as an alumnus.
Dawn Ennis: So, tell me where we are right now in your case.
Gavin Grimm: Right now we are getting ready for opening arguments on September the 12th.
DE: And what are you doing to help your team? Is this part of it? Or are you basically allowing them to do all the, you know, dot the I's and cross the T's, and things like that?
GG: Well, I'm doing things like this. For my part, that's my role in this, to get the word out about my story before we go to court. They do the legal things. But I take on speaking engagements to help spread awareness and education about what trans youth are and what their needs are. So that's my role in this.
Dealing with Fame and Facing the Future
DE: Are you being put in a position of being a transgender spokesperson or are you feeling that this is something that you want to be, an advocate for trans men and all trans people?
GG: Both, really. Because on one hand, I didn't intend to step out on the activist platform. I didn't want to be in the public eye. I didn't want to have anything that I have now as far as the notoriety or the platform, really. But that's what I got. And from there it was my decision to continue as I have, with the activism that I've done, the speaking engagements I've done, the interviews I've done. From that point on those were my decisions.
DE: That very first time you spoke before the school board, I could just see in your face that, as confident as you were, that was a terrifying moment. Can you tell me a little bit about how you felt that day? How you decided, ‘Well I'm going to have to speak up,' especially knowing that you were speaking as a sole voice against so many bigots.
Shutterstock
GG: I was sure that no one was going to do it for me. You know? I figured if I didn't, no one would. And that really was the case: pretty much everyone spoke against me at those meetings, aside from family and friends that I brought along, myself. I thought if I could appeal to the rational, maybe shoot down some of the more ridiculous arguments, that it would have landed well enough to have some critical thinking happen, right?
But I ended up speaking differently than I had initially planned, and speaking from, I think, emotions, and trying to appeal to that side of things, because I saw the room had no logic whatsoever, and said that was going to be a fruitless conversation. Appealing to emotion was something that I felt would be more effective, and of course we know what happened next.
DE: As far as what happens next in court. I imagine this is not the venue you wanted. I know that the Supreme Court turned your case aside because of the Trump administration's decision to rescind the Obama-era guidance to schools on trans students. What was your feeling in terms of what happened with the Supreme Court?
GG: I was disappointed and frustrated, but I remain as eager as ever to continue with whatever that meant for me at that point. You know, whatever the next step was.
This Story Filed Under
The cola war is over for the time being, and the winner appears to be Coke — twice.
For the first time ever, Diet Coke has topped rival Pepsi-Cola to become the second-most popular soft drink in the United States. Coca-Cola Classic took the top spot, with more than 1.6 billion cases sold across the U.S. in 2010.
But nearly 927 million cases of Diet Coke were sold last year, besting the 892 million for Pepsi-Cola, said a report by trade publication Beverage Digest released Thursday.
Most popular sodas in the U.S. Coke Diet Coke Pepsi-Cola Mountain Dew Dr Pepper Sprite Diet Pepsi Diet Mountain Dew Diet Dr Pepper Fanta.
Both companies saw lower sales overall, but the decline was much more pronounced for Pepsi products. Overall, Coke product sales were down 0.5 per cent. Pepsi saw a 2.6 per cent decline.
The achievement is a clear win for Atlanta, Ga.-based Coca-Cola Co. over its rival, PepsiCo Inc. The two have vied for dominance in the domestic U.S. and international markets for decades, before Coke took a clear lead in recent years.
Soft drink sales have fallen for six straight years as consumers switched to healthier alternatives such as juices and tea, and cut back on spending in the recession. The two rivals have moved into bottled water, fruit juices, energy drinks and sports drinks to try to maintain market share.
But the ascent of Diet Coke to the second slot speaks volumes about the growing appeal of diet-branded products in general. Ten years ago, only two of the top 10 most popular sodas were diets. Now four are on the list: Diet Coke, Diet Pepsi, Diet Mountain Dew and Diet Dr Pepper.
Coca-Cola has pumped up its traditional advertising, including online ads that have a new focus on social media. PepsiCo maintained some traditional ads, but also steered dollars toward its Pepsi Refresh Project, an online donation program meant to build brand awareness.
In 2010, to promote its Pepsi MAX drink, PepsiCo updated the classic 1995 ad campaign where two drivers of trucks containing Pepsi and Coke meet in a roadside diner and try each other's soda.
8
The CW's ‘ Arrow ' may seem like a strange inclusion on an overall “best of” list for the year, but the fact remains that the DC superhero drama has gone above and beyond in its second season, elevating the very genre around it. In the same year that showed Marvel's ‘ Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' to be an assembly of concepts and characters with very little hook to speak of, ‘Arrow' managed to entirely reinvent our image of TV superhero dramas, working from the ground up to put character before concept.
There's good reason why TV critics have gone out their way to single ‘Arrow' out for its must-watch status, and not just for good standing with its producers. Stripping away the convoluted chaos of earlier effort ‘ Smallville ,' and smartly adding a dash of ‘ Batman Begins ' (okay, more than a dash), ‘Arrow' shook up our image of the CW's hunky teen soaps to deliver a reliably engaging anti-heroic thriller that matched its every impressive stunt feature with a unique and relatable character performing them. Its second season in particular had endured an embarrassment of riches with regard to DC character integration, successfully expanding its premise to a more comic-friendly tone without sacrificing the deeply personal relationships that drive the story behind them. If anything, ‘Arrow' repeatedly proves itself better than we could have ever expected from such humble beginnings.
Pizzagate Subverse Network
– Pizzagate memes /v/PizzagateMemes – Pizzagate memes
– meta concerns and Pizzagate moderation discussion /v/pizzagatemods – meta concerns and Pizzagate moderation discussion
For Newcomers
Submission Rules
See also " See also " subverse best practices
1 : Relevance : Posts must be directly relevant to investigation of Pizzagate: the sexual/physical abuse and/or murder of children by elites , child trafficking organized by elites , and/or cover-up of these activities and/or the protection/assistance provided to the people who engage in said activities. See : Posts must berelevant to investigation of Pizzagate: the sexual/physical abuse and/or murder of children by, child trafficking organized by, and/or cover-up of these activities and/or the protection/assistance provided to the people who engage in said activities. See definition of Pizzagate and examples of relevant posts
2 : Empiricism : EACH factual claim that is not common knowledge must be sourced with a link . If you ask a question: Explain what led to your question and provide sources. If you present opinion/argument, connect your dots and provide sources for them. Avoid baseless speculation. ALL posts must include at least one link.
3 : Clarity : All titles must adequately describe post content and must establish direct relevance to pizzagate. EACH link in your post must include a description of content and how the link relates to the post (except when markup is used to embed links in the specific text they support).
4 : Please submit indirectly relevant posts to : Please submitrelevant posts to /v/pizzagatewhatever and unsourced questions to /v/AskPizzagate . Sourced activism / publicity posts and memes are allowed . Posts about the subverse itself go to /v/pizzagatemods
5 : You must label NSFW posts (“Not safe for work”; for example gore, nudity etc.) as such when submitting.
Adspam, illegal content, and personal info about Voat subscribers will be removed, and the offender will be banned.
WARNING! Due to the nature of this investigation, clicking some links could result in opening incriminating material. Always practice common sense before clicking links, and make sure you're Due to the nature of this investigation, clicking some links could result in opening incriminating material. Always practice common sense before clicking links, and make sure you're browsing safely
Use Use archive.is to archive and distribute sources.
Chatroom
US Congress allows extended jobless benefits to expire
By Jerry White
1 December 2010
Just hours after Obama pledged to work more closely with Republicans in slashing social spending, the US Congress Tuesday allowed extended unemployment benefits to expire for workers laid off for more than 26 weeks. More than 800,000 workers currently receiving extended benefits will be cut off by the end of next week, with the number increasing to two million by the end of December and five million by April.
The entire political establishment has responded to this impending social disaster with complete indifference. Washington is currently consumed with reaching a bipartisan compromise centered primarily on extending tax cuts for the rich.
Of the 15 million workers officially counted as unemployed, 41 percent have been without work for 26 weeks, according to the Labor Department. Due to the high levels of unemployment, 37 states have until now offered federally funded extensions for up to 99 weeks. The benefits pay an average of $302.90 a week.
The cutoff of unemployment checks will remove the only source of income to working class families already facing crushing financial burdens. An estimated two to four million Americans have already exhausted their benefits, with over 90,000 claimants joining their ranks every week. Those losing their jobs now will only qualify for six months of benefits no matter how long they are without a job.
A last minute pro forma effort by Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus (Democrat-Montana) to extend benefits for another year was predictably defeated as they failed to win a unanimous consent vote in the upper house. Two weeks ago the House of Representatives voted against the continuation of benefits for another three months.
During the summer, Republicans held up the bill for nearly two months, leaving millions without income. Benefits were restored after the Democratic-controlled Congress agreed to additional tax cuts and eliminated the $25-a-week additional compensation that had been available for jobless workers since February 2009.
With the benefits set to expire, President Obama emerged from a White House meeting with Congressional leaders from both parties Tuesday pledging to work more closely with the Republicans. Their agenda would include “deep budget cuts” that, the president said, would require “broad sacrifice” from the American people.
Obama said the meeting, the first with Republican leaders since the rout of the Democrats in the mid-term elections, would be the beginning of a series of meetings with Republicans to “confront long-term deficits that cloud our future” and insure the “safety and security” of the population, i.e., slash social spending, while increasing militarism and attacks on democratic rights in the name of the “war on terrorism.”
The mid-term elections, the president said, showed that voters did not want “gridlock” in Washington but cooperation and bipartisanship in making the “difficult choices.” Held one day after announcing a two-year pay freeze for 2.1 million federal government employees—a key demand of the Republicans—the meeting was a further sign that the administration is moving even further to the right, both domestically and in foreign policy, in the aftermath of the mid-term elections.
The Democrats' debacle in the November elections—the result of popular disenchantment over their administration's refusal to provide any relief to tens of millions suffering from the economic crisis—is being used to justify an agenda that even more nakedly serves the interests of the Wall Street banks and the wealthy elite.
While expressing tactical differences with Republican demands for a permanent extension of the Bush era tax cuts for those making over $250,000 a year—on the grounds that it was “unwise” to do so while demanding the population accept brutal austerity—Obama made it clear a deal was in the works to extend the tax cuts for the rich, at least for the next few years.
Noting that there was “common ground” between both parties, the president said they were appointing Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Jacob Lew, head of the Office of Management and Budget, to work with leaders from both parties “to break through this logjam” before the end of the year when the tax cuts were scheduled to expire.
The Washington Post reported that numerous Senate sources said the Republicans could be given the “across-the-board tax-cut extension that they are seeking, albeit in temporary form, in exchange for a Senate vote on the [START] arms control treaty, a top priority for Obama.”
Republican leaders praised the president with House Minority Whip Eric Cantor saying they were encouraged by Obama's acknowledgement that they had “not reached out enough to Republicans” in their first two years in office. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said they believed divided government could be productive, using the example of President Clinton's gutting of federal welfare benefits after the Republicans' 1994 election sweep.
While the president said the American people could not afford partisan bickering that blocked slashing the budget deficit, they made no condemnation of the Republicans for throwing millions of unemployed workers into destitution. Instead, they touched on the fact that benefits were expiring at the end of their comments about their meeting with Republican leaders, noting that they “asked them to extend emergency compensation without delay”—a request they promptly rejected.
In fact, whatever their verbal protestations, the cutoff of jobless benefits is entirely in line with Obama's overall cost-cutting agenda.
Senator Dick Durbin (Democrat-Illinois) said on Sunday that unemployment benefits might be included in a future package reauthorizing the tax cuts for the rich, while Senator Robert Casey (Democrat-Pennsylvania) said negotiations to restore benefits could last for weeks, if not months.
In Nevada, which has the nation's highest unemployment rate, 10,600 people will stop getting benefits by mid-December and a total of 65,000 over the next few months, according to Fox News. In New York State, more than 200,000 are slated to lose extended benefits, according to WNYC. In California, 454,000 could lose their benefits.
Social service providers are predicting a sharp increase in homelessness and demands for food as Christmas approaches.
In Louisville, Kentucky, the local CBS News affiliate reported that anger erupted at an unemployment office and at least two people were escorted out. “With the threat of benefits expiring for 100,000 Kentuckians,” WLKY reported, “tempers are flaring.”
Last month state officials in Indiana assigned armed security guards at 36 unemployment offices around the state. Department of Workforce Development spokesperson Marc Lotter told the local media, “Given the upcoming expiration of the federal extensions and the increased stress on some of the unemployed, we thought added security would provide an extra level of protection for our employees and clients.”
Is Google getting ready to serve up display ads to people based on their Web surfing habits (as opposed to their Web searching habits)? Ever since the DoubleClick acquisition closed, industry watchers have been waiting to see how Google would dip its toes into behavioral ad targeting. One rumor going around is that Google is going to target ads to people who use the Google Toolbar, which is now bundled with Dell PCs.
The rumor came to us via an online measurement startup that expects Google to make an announcement about a new service leveraging the Google Toolbar at the upcoming Audience Measurement 3.0 conference later this month, which Google is sponsoring.
The rumor could be an attempt to spread FUD, but it is not just startups that are playing the privacy card. In a discussion with Washington Post editors and reporters on June 4th, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer raised a similar privacy issue in relation to the Dell deal (see video below):
Why is that toolbar there? Do you think it is there to help you? No. It is there to report data about everything you do on your PC.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/mmedia/player/wpniplayer_viral.swf?thisObj=fo515146&vid=060508-18v_title
Now that Google's age of innocence is over, competitors will be bringing up privacy concerns every chance they can. Google already collects so much data on what people do on the Web. With the increasingly widespread toolbar, though, Google gathers data well beyond the search bar.
Since the Google Toolbar can track every site you visit, that data could theoretically be used to target ads served by Google (including DoubleClick display ads anywhere on the Web, or to further refine search ads). For instance, you could browse a Lumix digital camera on Amazon, and then see ads for digital cameras when you land on an unrelated travel site that happens to serve up DoubleClick ads. Or perhaps the next time you do a search on Google, it will push a Lumix ad out to you. Google could also use the data to create a Web measurement service that competes with comScore, Quantcast, Hitwise, or Compete.
These are all hypothetical at this point. But there is nothing stopping Google from doing so. Per Google's general privacy policy, it reserves the right to process “personal information” for the purpose of:
Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising;
And the separate Google Toolbar privacy policy doesn't say anything specifically about not using the data it collects for advertising purposes. In fact, it notes that:
Certain optional Toolbar features operate by sending Google the addresses or other information about sites when you visit them.
But it also notes that users can disable the toolbar's ability to collect personal data if they choose (presuming they can figure out how to do that). At the very least, Google has certainly thought about doing something like this. One patent issued last March describes a way of:
tracking user behavior, determining a user topic interest (e.g., from a plurality of different candidate topics) based on the monitored behavior, and serving ads relevant to the determined user topic interest.
Google did not respond to an email I sent asking whether it intends to use the Google Toolbar to target ads at users.
If Google does start targeting ads based on Web surfing habits, you can be sure that Microsoft and others will add that to its list of concerns it brings to Washington. Ballmer, in that same discussion quoted above, believe it or not, relishes the prospect of competing against Google on privacy. Here is a fuller excerpt from the video above:
One of the things you can reward users on is their privacy. You can literally say, “Hey look, you will cede this data to us if you use our search engine, but we are going to pay you.” And it's a trade. If your don't like the trade, it's ok. Don't use our search engine or don't use it in a certain way. And there will be competition between us and Google and whoever else along that line. . . .the number of people who have any clue what data is being collected or not being collected by them—Any of you own a Dell PC at home, personally? There is not much about you it does not know . . . to Google, because it is their toolbar. We just won the HP deal, but anyway. Why is that toolbar there? Do you think it is there to help you? No. It is there to report data about everything you do on your PC. I am not trying to say this is nefarious or bad, I am just saying being clear is probably the most important thing. And any user can say, “This is clear and this is OK with me.” I actually think we are going to have to compete on privacy policy.
When they say they are willing to pay users to give up their privacy, they are being literal. Who would you trust more with your privacy, Google or Microsoft? I'm not sure I trust either one.
Who do you trust more to collect personal data about your Web surfing and searching habits?
( surveys)
Despite the overwhelming scientific evidence, a handful of deniers manage to keep arguing about the existence, causes, and likely outcomes of global warming. Not to be outdone by this conventional irrationality, we have a few oddballs on the ‘believing' side of the fence too.
Ramtha's School of Enlightenment, a new-age religious cult based out of Yelm, Washington, makes exaggerated, doomsday predictions about global warming to instill fear in its followers and convince them to build underground shelters to protect from the “Days to Come.“[social_buttons]
According to the prophecies made by the spiritual school, the human population at the end of 2012 will be two-thirds what it is now, and those who survive in the long term will do so by stocking up on food, water, and medical supplies and by having an underground shelter to protect them from the dangers of a rapidly changing earth.
Ramtha's School of Enlightenment, or RSE, was founded in 1987, and its teachings date back a decade further. The lessons are based around the concepts of tapping into the forgotten God within oneself, being able to create one's own reality, and using one's mind to perform superhuman abilities. Supposedly the teacher is a 35,000-year-old warrior from Lemuria who is being channeled by a 62-year-old woman named JZ Knight.
Ramtha students were behind the pseudo-science documentary What the Bleep Do We Know!? , which purports to inform us about quantum physics and the subjective nature of reality, yet could not even accurately tell us what percentage of the human body is composed of water.
While so-called prophets have been making doomsday prophecies for centuries, Ramtha's predictions take on a unique form of sophistication. Their claims are masked as science, which has attracted followers who are not only wealthy and credulous, but surprisingly intelligent, creating an aura of credibility.
They can not seem to keep the prophecies consistent even from one lecture to another, but the scare tactics are generally rooted in a combination of climate change exaggerations and economic collapse straight out of New World Order. In Last Waltz of the Tyrants, their book of predictions for the '90s, Ramtha told of the financial collapse we would see in the '90s and explained how using cars has created a hole in the ozone layer, which is simply not true.
When none of the catastrophes came to fruition in the '90s, they turned their scares toward 2012 and are using reports that recent hurricanes and floods have likely intensified due to climate change as evidence that the world as we know it has only a few more years.
Listen to some incoherent babbling here:
ARVE Error: id and provider shortcodes attributes are mandatory for old shortcodes. It is recommended to switch to new shortcodes that need only url
One might ask, “So what? They have some controversial new age views, but at least they are concerned with the planet! They're an ally!” That could have been the case. But these money-grubbers, who charge thousands per year for their students to retain their invitation to the doomsday party, have instead decided that convincing their followers to move to Yelm and build underground shelters is a far bigger priority than actually trying to stop climate change from occurring (so much for them being able to “create their own realities”).
McKenna, the town neighboring Yelm, conveniently has a business run by Ramtha students called the Survival Center, which sells Ramtha books, emergency supplies, and will build you a fully stocked 5-room underground shelter for the low price of $1.5 million! The survival center claims to be independent of RSE, but it's anyone's guess where the profit from the store goes.
So the next time someone tells you that climate change is just a paranoid doomsday embellishment, you can show them the IPCC's accurate and frightening most recent findings and then tell them that if they're looking for crazy and exaggerated, you've got just the group for them.
Oh, and if money is still burning in your pocket after purchasing that bargain of a bunker, you can always pay $30,000 to speak one-on-one for an hour with Ramtha him/herself.
Photo Credit: lonesome:cycler on Flickr under Creative Commons license.
We caught up with Braxton "swag" Pierce and Shawn "witmer" Taylor after their team topped Group G at Fragadelphia 11.
The ownage mix, composed primarily of players with Pro experience, made short work of both GamesRCheap and Heaven's Devils, dropping only six rounds across two maps.
Ahead of the playoffs, we sat down with both Braxton "swag" Pierce and Shawn "witmer" Taylor to discuss the former's recent unban by ESL, their future, and ownage's chances at Fragadelphia 11.
swag, it was just earlier this week that you and other players were unbanned by ESL, what does that mean to you? Braxton "swag" Pierce: This is obviously a more fun event, just to have fun and get back into it, but of course I want to win. witmer, you qualified for Pro League with Enigma6 (now Rogue), but won't be playing with them in the upcoming season — how frustrating is that? Shawn "witmer" Taylor: How many times do I have to qualify for this league before I actually get to play in it? (laughs) But it happens, I wasn't the best teammate last season, I had a lot of stuff going on at home. They made their decision and I wish them the best of luck, I think wrath is going to do real well next season. You were pretty critical of Enigma6 as an organization, anything further you want to say? Shawn "witmer" Taylor: That was a massive miscommunication between me, the team, and E6. I actually ended up talking to them again and we hashed out a lot of details around the situation, so no bad blood towards them.
swag talks about their recent unban by ESL
Victor Wooten is an innovator, composer, arranger lecturer, producer, vocalist, and multi-instrumentalist.  They are a skilled naturalist and teacher, a published author, a magician, husband and father of four, and a five-time Grammy award winner. Known for their solo recordings and tours, and as a member of the super group Béla Fleck & The Flecktones, Victor has won most every major award given to a bass guitarist. They have been voted "Bassist of the Year" by Bass Player Magazine three times and is the only person to have won the award more than once.
Victor's uncanny skills and growing popularity lead to recordings and performances with artists such as Brantford Marsalis, Mike Stern, Bruce Hornsby, Chick Corea, Dave Matthews, Prince, Keb Mo, Gov't Mule, Susan Tedeschi, Vital Tech Tones (with Scott Henderson and Steve Smith), the Jaco Pastorius Word Of Mouth Big Band, and the soundtrack of the Disney film Country Bears. They also spearheaded the idea for the super group SMV (Stanley Clarke, Marcus Miller, Victor Wooten).
Their Bass/Nature Camp has helped hundreds of musicians of all ages from all corners of the world. The camp's recent move to its own location Wooten Woods will provide even more opportunities for Wooten and their staff to share their lifelong experiences.
I HATE WATCHING INSTITUTIONS AND REGIMES DIE. To me, the Congress and the United Progressive Alliance were legendary. The alliance was a microcosm of Indian society and reflected the interests of all minorities, marginal groups and castes. It was like a giant family, and absorbed all the strains and stresses of political life. But today it's like a crumbling haveli emptying out, with only a few members tenaciously hanging on.
The UPA was like a fairy tale, one that actually began in 1991 with the masterstroke of liberalisation and the rise of Manmohan Singh. By introducing economic reforms, Singh created new expectations, and exorcised ideas like class warfare that had dominated the mindset of a generation. Young people now read about the virtues of Indian nationalism—patriotism, non-violence, nation-building—in official textbooks, but were never asked to live them out as previous generations had been. Nationalism became an act of nostalgia. The city became preeminent, and a new sense of the body developed that did not belong to the age of scarcity and the ration card, but to the age of consumerism and a more open sexuality. All this was aided by the artefacts and ideals of technology—including the mobile phone and social media—and by a growing diaspora that played out new possibilities of efficiency, mobility, meritocracy and a certain vision of the good life. When the first UPA government took office in 2004, it represented not just a political regime, but a circus of new worldviews.
The regime began to create from this circus a unified social imagination. Initially, the UPA's policy approach was broadly twofold. It had an economic dimension championed by Singh (who seemed like the cartoonist RK Laxman's Common Man, except with a PhD) and Montek Singh Ahluwahlia, and a social dimension shaped by the National Advisory Council, which comprised some of civil society's best and brightest, including Aruna Roy and Jean Drèze. In 2005, Roy, along with Harsh Mander (who joined the NAC in 2010) and others, helped conceive and pilot the Right to Information bill, which became one of the greatest civic acts of recent decades. That same year, together with Drèze, they created the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, which expanded the idea of rights to include a right to employment. Rather than remaining abstract, rights now extended to the everyday survival of marginal groups. The poorest, the landless, the widowed and the orphaned knew that employment was now almost an everyday affair. The Ministry of Rural Development's 2014 annual report on the NREGA claimed that it provided employment to an average of fifty million households per year since 2008. That is roughly one-fourth of all rural households in this country.
Letter: Ore. DOJ used surveillance on #BlackLivesMatter Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Desiree Griffiths, 31, of Miami, holds up a sign saying "Black Lives Matter", with the names of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky) [ + - ] Video
KOIN 6 News Staff - SALEM, Ore. (KOIN) --- The Urban League of Portland and several other groups are calling for immediate action in response to the Oregon Department of Justice's alleged use of digital surveillance on Oregonians who used the hashtag Black Lives Matter on social media.
In a letter to Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum, Urban League of Portland President Nkenge Harmon Johnson recounted a recent meeting where it was revealed the ODJ's Criminal Justice Division used software to conduct threat assessments through Twitter feed searches.
"We do not know how many Oregonians were investigated by the Department of Justice," the letter states. "We do know, however, that [Director of Civil Rights for Oregon Department of Justice, Erious Johnson,] was one of them."
Several civil rights leaders in Oregon signed the letter which called for an immediate end to the surveillance and an independent audit of those who authorized the threat assessment practice.
"It is improper, and potentially unlawful, for the Oregon Department of Justice to conduct surveillance and investigations on an Oregonian merely for expressing a viewpoint, or for being a part of a social movement," the letter states.
It goes on to say, "We are concerned that such unwarranted investigations are racially motivated, and create a chilling effect on social justice advocates, political activists and others who wish to engage in discourse about the issues of our time."
ACLU leaders are speaking out in response to the letter, calling for a full disclosure of the "racially-based surveillance".
"In Oregon we have a statute which prohibits the collection of information based on political, religious or social views," ACLU Legal Director Mat Dos Santos said.
Dos Santos says the ACLU is filing a records request to understand exactly what threat assessment software the DOJ uses and how it works.
Attorney General Rosenblum says they have seen how devastating profiling can be, and welcomes future discussions on how to resolve the issue. They provided the following statement:
"I recently became aware that an employee of the Oregon DOJ Criminal Division was conducting a digital search of Twitter hashtags including #blacklivesmatter, that led them to the Twitter account of a close and trusted member of my inner circle staff, Erious Johnson Jr. I informed Mr. Johnson of this, told them that I was outraged by it, and that I had immediately ordered a stop to it. I am working to engage a Special Assistant Attorney General to conduct a complete HR investigation and audit to get to the bottom of this deeply troubling situation."
Jensen and Misha, please stop with the vids making fun of your campaign title, it hurts….
The thing that meant so much, at least for me, about Jared's AKF, was the genuine, vulnerable way Jared was willing to share personal things, to share their beliefs, to let us in, and even ask for support himself…. that changed the world, for me, and I believe for many others. That was so meaningful.
I am really missing that from the Are Not Alone campaign - to a level that is becoming hurtful…. making so many, and only, vids making fun of the concept, without ever talking about it from a meaningful vulnerable place, is at this point taking from the cause, definitely not helping it, imo…. At this point it is just guys deflecting and making jokes about something that is very real and very painful….
A lot of fans ARE alone, are alone af. You Are Not Alone is a message that - if true - is desperately needed. I for one don't have family that I can be in contact with other than my (trying not to be) abusive partner. I don't have a lot of friends, not close ones. I don't have much of a community, a career field that's there for me, I don't even exactly have a ‘hometown', a physical place. The welfare system isn't really there, I'm too weird and they don't help, and are not trustworthy. My government hates me. I am way more alone than I can take.
That MEANS SOMETHING.
It sounded like it meant something in this campaign, too. Something beyond silly jokes about Misha being creepy.
It\s supposed to mean something for the people running the campaign….
And by the way, the campaign is not actually offering any way out of these situations, just offering people in need the opportunity to give more, in order to participate and “not be alone”…. Which not all of us have…. tbh, I volunteered for this because I am alone, not because I have the ability, necessarily.
But this is not the point. I'm just trying to say - enough please, with the videos making fun of this precious, vulnerable statement, that you never even validated once….
36-year-old came out of retirement for Lancashire in summerBrisbane coached by Flintoff's former team-mate Stuart LawFlintoff would join fellow 2005 Ashes winner Kevin Pietersen
Andrew Flintoff's cricketing renaissance is set to continue with the former England all-rounder closing in on a deal to play in Australia's Big Bash Twenty20 competition with Brisbane Heat.
The 36-year-old came out of retirement for Lancashire this summer and a surprise appearance in the T20 Blast final, where two bludgeoned sixes and a wicket with their first ball nearly set up a fairytale comeback before Warwickshire eventually prevailed, served as an eye-catching return to the game.
Since then, according to the Daily Telegraph, Flintoff has been in discussions with Brisbane Heat – coached by their former Lancashire team-mate Stuart Law – and looks set to join their fellow 2005 Ashes winner Kevin Pietersen, who will play for the Melbourne Stars, in the Big Bash, which begins in December.
Back in 2009, after retiring from Test cricket, Flintoff was heavily linked with a move to play Twenty20 for Queensland but their continued injury problems denied them the chance before forcing them into retirement in September 2010.
It's a truly incredible time we live in. Think back to all the amazing revolutions we've learned about in history. There's been some amazing changes that have taken place and the implications of people standing up and doing something different has been huge. After all it led us to where we are today. As destructive and close to extinction as we are, we've done some amazing things at the same time and the power of human creativity and love has shown itself.
To hear a young girl speak about facts of our world like Victoria does in the video below is amazing. It not only shows that younger generations simply won't stand for the current world we live in, but that we can look to people other than the so-called “experts” for creative answers to our current challenges.
Victoria speaks about how our world financial system really works and how it was specifically designed to enslave the population.
Deep Secrets Kept From Us
Most people in the world, young or old, have little idea that our world is so incredibly corrupt and coldly calculated to create an enslaved population.[1] Luckily, this is changing with each passing day as a switch seems to be turning on in people that allows them to see and realize that something isn't quite right here.
This triggers us to search for answers and with the bevy of information in books, films and on the internet about the true workings of our world, people have the ability to go beyond limited institutions, such as the educational system, to find out what's really going on. This is likely how Victoria found this information as it's doubtful they learned it in school.
Check out their powerful message in the video below. Regardless of the fact that the solution they present may not be complete nor the most advanced, it would undoubtedly be a positive step in the right direction.
Please use this as a tool to pass on to others so they can understand what type of system they really live in.
Joe Martino
Australia's lucky that it doesn't have too many major pollution problems. But according to an expert from Queensland University of Technology (QUT) in Australia, that could change if the country follows the maximum daily limits, or ‘standards', currently in place for six key outdoor pollutants - the kind that end up in our air and waterways.
These standards are put in place by Australia's National Environment Protection Measures (NEPM) and Associate Professor Adrian Barnett, a health statistician from QUT's Institute of Health and Biomedial Innovation, says that many industries believe that these levels are therefore “safe” thresholds to meet for health.
However, Barnett has now used a computer model to calculate what the health effects would be if the level of five of the six pollutants rose to just below “safe” limits across the cities of Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane - and it's not safe at all.
"I've found that increasing pollution levels to just below the NEPM standards would cause the deaths of an extra 6,000 people each year - 2,600 in both Melbourne and Sydney and 800 in Brisbane," said Barnett in a media release.
The increase would also lead to an additional 20,700 people being hospitalised each year across the three cities.
"Study after study has shown there simply is no safe level of air pollution - health problems in the population rise in line with increases in average pollution levels,” said Barnett in the release.
The World Health Organisation already estimates outdoor air pollution causes 3.7 million deaths every year, with 3,000 of those in Australia.
"It's understandable that the public could misinterpret the NEPM standards to mean anything below those levels is safe - but it's inexcusable for authorities to use this safe-or-dangerous interpretation,” they added.
Their commentary and the results of their study have been published in the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health.
 They are now urging Australian authorities to instead use thorough cost-benefit analyses in future environmental studies, to help measure whether resulting health problems would be balanced against the economic and societal benefit of the new infrastructure or industry doing the polluting.
"Changes also need to be made to the NEPM documentation and website to prominently state that the standards should not be used to judge whether individual projects are safe or dangerous,” said Barnett.
In the future they hope there'll be more awareness about the health cost of increasing pollutants even slightly.
“Locals concerned about the potential health effects have found it difficult to get past the argument that the increases are below the standards and therefore everything is fine," they said in the release. "But any new project that increases air pollution will always mean an increase in illness."
Want to use science and technology to solve major societal problems? Find out more about studying at QUT.
Source: QUT
Public Lands Dispatch from White Hope Mine dispute in Montana The constitutionalist group Oath Keepers is defending a mine that the Forest Service says is out of compliance.
The man's stare seeths with anger.  They are bearded, maybe 35 years old, slightly overweight but powerful, wearing a camouflage baseball cap with a faded American flag patch. To their right is another large man, arms crossed. To their left, a diminutive young woman, dressed head to toe in camo and wearing a large knife on their hip, is filming my every move.
All three are blocking my advance beyond a Forest Service gate that they or their comrades have used to bar the road. They believe they are defending land that is private — a small mining claim for copper, zinc, silver and traces of gold held by George Kornec and Phil Nappo — but that the Forest Service says is national forest.
I ask how their day is going, what they have been up to. The middleman snaps back: "We cannot discuss that with you." The stare.
Welcome to the standoff at the White Hope Mine.
My day started in the tiny town of Lincoln, about 20 miles from the mine, in the ponderosa country of western Montana. I arrived on Aug. 10, five days after the Oath Keepers — a group of mostly former law enforcement and military members who claim to defend the Constitution — issued a call for "all American patriots" to join in "Operation Big Sky" and "help save our country" by defending the miners against the Forest Service. Two related groups, Idaho Three Percenters and the Pacific Patriot Network, joined in.
I stopped at the Forest Service ranger station on the edge of town and began to piece together the agency's story: In 1986, the miners missed a renewal deadline for their claim, which had been worked since the 1920s. They had to file a new claim, which fell under the 1955 Multiple Surface Use Act instead of the more lenient 1872 Mining Law. Thereafter, the Forest Service required the miners to have an approved operating plan, which they did until 2014. At that time, the agency raised concerns about the miners' construction of an unapproved shed and their cutting of firewood.
The arrival of the Oath Keepers "was unexpected," says regional Forest Service spokesperson David Smith. The agency held meetings with the miners as recently as July 30 to discuss bringing the claim into compliance. "Our objective is to continue working with (the miners) so they can resume their operation," Smith says.
I hung out in town, waiting to meet with Mary Emerick, a spokesperson for the Oath Keepers. A lone man in camo walked the main street. I got a hamburger, and the waiter told me a few of the operatives just finished brunch. "They are only here to do good," they said.
Emerick invited me to the Hotel Lincoln and we sat on the back patio overlooking ponderosas. Last week they drove all night from their home in southern Oregon to get here. They and others here participated in a similar scuffle with the Bureau of Land Management at the Sugar Pine Mine in their home state in April. The current standoff fits into a growing trend in which Oath Keepers and related groups are called in to battle federal agencies during Western public lands disputes.
They explained that with Operation Big Sky, the Oath Keepers dispute the 1986 claim lapse, and that the Forest Service has unlawfully threatened the miners. But they would not provide evidence of either, saying it would compromise their legal case. Them description of the day-to-day operation was also evasive. How many people are defending the claim? "That's a security issue." Rough number? "We have the capability to expand it."
I wanted to see the operatives in action, but it's complicated. Montana's Department of Environmental Quality is overseeing a major reclamation of a larger, unrelated mine nearby. The project involves hauling hundreds of cubic yards of mine tailings with a steady stream of heavy trucks on the same roads that lead to the White Hope Mine. To accommodate the trucks, the Forest Service has closed the roads to the public, granting an exception to the miners. As a journalist, I arranged for a similar variance and an escort (something the operatives, in another bit of lawlessness, have not done).
At the access road, I hopped in the pickup of Shellie Haaland, who oversees the reclamation project. They voiced concerns that the Oath Keeper's scuffle could turn into something larger and more disruptive, possibly resulting in layoffs for the 30-plus people working the trucks and other equipment if law enforcement were to assume a major presence here. They drove me through the maze of roads and dropped me at the gate.
The operatives forcefully tell me to not take photos. They will not tell me their names. The man with the angry stare has a radio, and it crackles to life. They answer with a radio handle of "Warthog," or maybe War Hog — they won't say.
Thom Bridge/The Independent Record/AP
For about ten minutes, our talk revolves around a theme: I ask questions, and mostly War Hog answers in various ways that they will not answer. At one point, I proffer a pocket-sized copy of the Constitution, hoping to spark a real conversation. The stare.
Then, George Kornec, slightly stooped with age, comes walking slowly down the road.  They are flanked by a muscular and tattooed man with a black Oath Keepers t-shirt. Kornec lives on the claim and does not own a telephone. He's known for having a sharp wit and a trove of local knowledge.
Their eyes twinkle. They light a cigarette. The unnamed Oath Keeper speaks for him: "George's position is that anything beyond this gate is trespassing." They turn and walk away.
Editor's Note: On Aug. 11, federal prosecutors filed suit against the miners in U.S. District Court in Helena, in response to the dispute. The Missoulian reported that the suit seeks a declaration that the miners "illegally opened a road, cut down trees, built a garage and denied the public the right to access the White Hope mine near Lincoln."
Marshall Swearingen is a reporter based in Bozeman, Montana.
BIOHAZARD 4 (バイオハザード４, Baiohazādo 4?) was the name of a cancelled entry to the Resident Evil series. It was later revamped and released as Devil May Cry in 2001.
Contents show]
Plot
According to Hideki Kamiya and some sources, the story was based on unraveling the mystery surrounding the protagonist Tony Redgrave and their twin brother Vergil, the sons of The Earl Spencer who have become superhumans through the use of the G-Virus.[1] Tony maintains a human form, but possesses superior skills and intellect.[2] The story was likely set in the future.
The story was to be focused on Mallet Island, home to an Umbrella facility.
Gameplay
Initially, the game would play out similar to the early installments of Resident Evil on the PlayStation, however as Kamiya felt the playable character did not look brave and heroic enough in battles from a fixed angle, they decided to drop the prerendered backgrounds from previous installments and instead opted for a dynamic camera system. The gameplay is assumed to be similar to that of the final product, Devil May Cry with the exclusion of sword fighting where in the original concept there were huge emphasis on guns. The released game still shares various similarities with the Resident Evil series.
Development
First hinted at in early December 1999,[3] Resident Evil 4, was a title that faced a considerably lengthy development time, during which no fewer than four different proposed versions of the game were ultimately to be discarded.[4] It initially began development in 1998 with plans to be the very first Resident Evil title released on the then-upcoming PlayStation 2 console. Direction was led by Hideki Kamiya after producer Shinji Mikami requested them to create a new entry in the Resident Evil series.,[5] who returned to the director's seat soon after 1998's Resident Evil 2. The game's origins tied in with Kamiya's earlier attempt at BIOHAZARD 3, which was cancelled in mid-1998 in order to move to the PlayStation 2 and its plot abandoned.[6][7]
It was later renamed BIOHAZARD 4 when Kazuhiro Aoyama's BIOHAZARD 1.9 [Working Title] was renamed as the third entry.[8]
Around the turn of the millennium,[2] Resident Evil 2 writer Noboru Sugimura created a scenario for the title,[9] based on Kamiya's idea to make a "cool" and "stylish" action game.[10] The story was based on unraveling the mystery surrounding the body of protagonist Tony,[11] an invincible man with skills and an intellect exceeding that of normal people, with their superhuman abilities explained with biotechnology.[2] As Kamiya felt the playable character did not look brave and heroic enough in battles from a fixed angle, they decided to drop the prerendered backgrounds from previous installments and instead opted for a dynamic camera system.[5] This new direction required the team to make a trip to Europe, where they spent 11 days in the United Kingdom and Spain, to study Spanish architecture while photographing things like Gothic art statues, bricks, and stone pavements for use in Texture mapping. It was also at this point the first character designs were made.[12][13]
Focusing on the use of action alongside the horror themes, Though the developers tried to make the "coolness" theme fit into the world of Resident Evil,[14] the direction that the project took was seen by other members at Studio 4 as being a progressively radical departure from the traditional Resident Evil concept of Survival Horror. Shinji Mikami felt it strayed too far from the series' survival horror roots and gradually convinced all of the staff members to make the game independent from it. After talks between Kamiya and Mikami, it was decided that the game should continue development but as a separate franchise, Kamiya eventually rewrote the story to be set in a world full of demons and changed the hero's name to Dante.[2] The cast of characters remained largely identical to that in Sugimura's scenario,[15] although the hero's mother[16] and their father,[17] the latter an early version of the Umbrella Corporation founder Lord Ozwell E. Spencer,[18][19] were written out of the story. The game's new title was revealed as Devil May Cry, released for the PlayStation 2 in August 2001,[20] resulting in its own franchise.
Similarities with Resident Evil 4
Some aspects of "Stylish" BIOHAZARD 4 did make their way into the release version of the game. For example, the Novistador enemy was based on Beelzebub. In keeping with the series tradition of naming B.O.W.s after mythological beings, this B.O.W. was an insectoid enemy named after "Ba'al Zebub", a derogatory term ancient Hebrews gave to the Philistine god Ba'al. Like the Novistadores, Beelzebubs appear have flying and non-flying variations. The idea of a cathedral and castle also appeared in "Stylish", which were later recycled into the "Castle" versions and made their way into the release version.
Gallery
One of the innovations packed inside the Apple Watch—and highlighted by designer Jony Ive at the company's grand unveiling this week—is a flexible display.
Flexible future: Samsung showed off flexible display prototypes in 2013.
Contrary to some earlier speculation about the device, however, this doesn't mean you can actually bend the screen. As with other devices featuring flexible displays, such as those from LG and Samsung, the display has been laminated onto a stiff pane, fixing it in place to prevent the damage that would come from repeated flexing.
Even so, the appearance of the first few flexible screens in commercial devices may be a sign of things to come. In fact, fully flexible electronic gadgets—with full-color displays that wrap around a wrist or fold up—may be just a few years away, thanks to solutions that manufacturers have already started to demonstrate.
Apple hasn't disclosed why the Apple Watch has a flexible display. It might allow for a slight curve at the edges, and it may also simply be thinner than a conventional one (see “The Apple Watch May Solve the Usual Smartwatch Annoyances”).
In a conventional LCD display the liquid crystals within the pixels need to be perfectly positioned between two sheets of glass. These sheets cannot be bent without misaligning the pixels. According to Max McDaniel, chief marketing officer for Applied Materials, a company whose equipment is used to make displays, is also extremely difficult to make a flexible backlight—the component needed to illuminate LCD pixels.
So the screen in the Apple Watch is almost certainly an OLED display. Rather than the pixels being illuminated by a backlight, each pixel glows on its own, like a minuscule light bulb. Manufacturers can already make OLED displays flexible. They first laminate a sheet of plastic to glass and then deposit the materials for the pixels and the electronics on top of both. The glass stabilizes the manufacturing process, and afterwards the plastic, together with display and electronic components, is lifted off the glass.
Manufacturers have known how to do this for years. Samsung showed off a fully flexible OLED display in 2013. The tricky part is making sure the devices are durable. OLED pixels can be destroyed by even trace amounts of water vapor and oxygen, so you have to seal the display within robust, high-quality, flexible materials. This is costly, and there are challenges with ensuring that the seal survives being bent hundreds or thousands of times over the lifetime of a device.
The parts within a flexible display also need to survive being bent. This is tricky because different layers—the battery, the electronics, and the touch components—tend to be stacked, and the innermost layers have to bend more than the outermost ones. The outer layers also stretch while the inner ones compress.
Some researchers have developed stretchable electronics, which might help accommodate stresses (see “Stretchable Displays” and “Making Stretchable Electronics”). Novel materials for touch screens that use flexible nanomaterials could also help. One patent application suggests Apple is already looking at this issue. It describes measures such as varying the thickness of materials in a device to allow it to bend while keeping the electronics lined up properly with the pixels they control.
Making a flexible battery is another challenge. While the lithium-polymer batteries used in smartphones today are somewhat flexible, they can't survive being bent many times. One option is to make a segmented battery, like a segmented watch band, says Kevin Chen, general manager for energy storage solutions at Applied Materials. Their company is developing solid-state batteries, which could easily be cut up into small pieces for flexible devices, and which also have the potential to store much more energy than conventional lithium-ion batteries (see “Longer-Lasting Battery Is Being Tested for Wearable Devices”). Apple outlines a similar battery design in another recent patent application.
Steady progress means fully flexible devices could be available in just a few years. Meanwhile, we have flexible displays that are fixed in place—as in the Apple Watch.
Four students from IIM Calcutta has set up a hostel for backpackers in Rajasthan, which is not only winning hearts but also picking up awards in various top notch business plan competitions across the world.
Zostel, India's first chain of backpacker hostels, are not only centrally located, but are also offering secure, hygienic and pocket-friendly accommodation for young travellers. Started by IIT-IIM graduates on August 15, 2013, currently Zostel is present in Jodhpur and Jaipur. This year Zostel plans to come up in nine more locations in India and by 2016 they want to add up 11 more tourist destinations.
Team Zostel is currently planning to come up with a third property soon.
There are seven co-founders, four from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta -Akhil Malik, Paavan Nanda, Dharamveer Singh Chouhan and Tarun Tiwari. Two are from IIT BHU Chetan Singh Chauhan and Abhishek Bhutra who are managing Zostel's properties and MDI Gurgaon alumni Siddharth Janghu.
From experience of hostels across the world, the team got inputs to come up with a top class facility that can meet the international standards of security and hygiene.
Zostel provides spacious AC dorms, common kitchen, laundry, TV, Internet, library, board games and other interactive facilities just under `500 per night. They also have private rooms in the range of `700 to `800.
“Team Zostel has bootstrapped the venture.
However, we are looking for avenues to raise funds and are in the process of meeting investors. We have already received tremendous response and have bagged number 1 rank on Tripadvisor in both cities,” said Malik.
All the four partners from IIM Calcutta, who were looking at the marketing aspect of Zostel have opted out of their final placement and would be joining the business full time from March 2014. The IIT BHU alumnis are already engaged full time and Siddharth Janghu has quit their job with JP Morgan.
Talking to HT, Malik said, “We want to become the biggest youth brand in India. From March, all the seven co-founders would be joining the business full time. We are passionate travellers and want to popularise backpack travelling in India. By 2016 we will be in 11 locations. We are looking at franchise options but we will never compromise on safety and affordability.”
The venture has been in the finals of business plan competition in the Richard Ivey School of Business, IIT Bombay and Wharton India Economic Forum. . To popularise backpack travelling in India, Zostel also plan to launch the first of its kind 50- day internship programme where an applicant gets a chance to serve the post of CEO (chief exploration officer). In this role, the applicant acts as an ambassador to inspire the youth to travel and ignite a strong sense of listening to one's heart.
The application process for the same will be carried out through social media.
First Published: Feb 14, 2014 14:37 IST
chemical compound
Diethyl ether, or simply ether, is an organic compound in the ether class with the formula (C
2 H
5 )
2 O, sometimes abbreviated as Et
2 O (see Pseudoelement symbols). It is a colorless, highly volatile flammable liquid. It is commonly used as a solvent in laboratories and as a starting fluid for some engines. It was formerly used as a general anesthetic, until non-flammable drugs were developed, such as halothane. It has been used as a recreational drug to cause intoxication.
Production [ edit ]
Most diethyl ether is produced as a byproduct of the vapor-phase hydration of ethylene to make ethanol. This process uses solid-supported phosphoric acid catalysts and can be adjusted to make more ether if the need arises.[8] Vapor-phase dehydration of ethanol over some alumina catalysts can give diethyl ether yields of up to 95%.[9]
Diethyl ether can be prepared both in laboratories and on an industrial scale by the acid ether synthesis.[10] Ethanol is mixed with a strong acid, typically sulfuric acid, H 2 SO 4 . The acid dissociates in the aqueous environment producing hydronium ions, H 3 O+. A hydrogen ion protonates the electronegative oxygen atom of the ethanol, giving the ethanol molecule a positive charge:
CH 3 CH 2 OH + H 3 O+ → CH 3 CH 2 OH 2 + + H 2 O
A nucleophilic oxygen atom of unprotonated ethanol displaces a water molecule from the protonated (electrophilic) ethanol molecule, producing water, a hydrogen ion and diethyl ether.
CH 3 CH 2 OH 2 + + CH 3 CH 2 OH → H 2 O + H+ + CH 3 CH 2 OCH 2 CH 3
This reaction must be carried out at temperatures lower than 150 °C in order to ensure that an elimination product (ethylene) is not a product of the reaction. At higher temperatures, ethanol will dehydrate to form ethylene. The reaction to make diethyl ether is reversible, so eventually an equilibrium between reactants and products is achieved. Getting a good yield of ether requires that ether be distilled out of the reaction mixture before it reverts to ethanol, taking advantage of Le Chatelier's principle.
Another reaction that can be used for the preparation of ethers is the Williamson ether synthesis, in which an alkoxide (produced by dissolving an alkali metal in the alcohol to be used) performs a nucleophilic substitution upon an alkyl halide.
Uses [ edit ]
It is particularly important as a solvent in the production of cellulose plastics such as cellulose acetate.[8]
Fuel [ edit ]
Diethyl ether has a high cetane number of 85–96 and is used as a starting fluid, in combination with petroleum distillates for gasoline and Diesel engines[11] because of its high volatility and low flash point. Ether starting fluid is sold and used in countries with cold climates, as it can help with cold starting an engine at sub-zero temperatures. For the same reason it is also used as a component of the fuel mixture for carbureted compression ignition model engines. In this way diethyl ether is very similar to one of its precursors, ethanol.
Laboratory uses [ edit ]
Diethyl ether is a common laboratory aprotic solvent. It has limited solubility in water (6.05 g/100 ml at 25 °C[3]) and dissolves 1.5 g/100 g (1.0 g/100 ml) water at 25 °C.[12] This, coupled with its high volatility, makes it ideal for use as the non-polar solvent in liquid-liquid extraction. When used with an aqueous solution, the diethyl ether layer is on top as it has a lower density than the water. It is also a common solvent for the Grignard reaction in addition to other reactions involving organometallic reagents. Due to its application in the manufacturing of illicit substances, it is listed in the Table II precursor under the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances as well as substances such as acetone, toluene and sulfuric acid.[13]
Anesthetic use [ edit ]
Panel from monument in Boston commemorating Morton's demonstration of ether's anesthetic use.
William T. G. Morton participated in a public demonstration of ether anesthesia on October 16, 1846 at the Ether Dome in Boston, Massachusetts. However, Crawford Williamson Long, M.D., is now known to have demonstrated its use privately as a general anesthetic in surgery to officials in Georgia, as early as March 30, 1842, and Long publicly demonstrated ether's use as a surgical anesthetic on six occasions before the Boston demonstration.[14][15][16] British doctors were aware of the anesthetic properties of ether as early as 1840 where it was widely prescribed in conjunction with opium.[17] Diethyl ether largely supplanted the use of chloroform as a general anesthetic due to ether's more favorable therapeutic index, that is, a greater difference between an effective dose and a potentially toxic dose.[18]
Diethyl ether depresses the myocardium and increases tracheobronchial secretions.[19] Diethyl ether could also be mixed with other anesthetic agents such as chloroform to make C.E. mixture, or chloroform and alcohol to make A.C.E. mixture. In the 21st century, ether is rarely used. The use of flammable ether was displaced by nonflammable fluorinated hydrocarbon anesthetics. Halothane was the first such anesthetic developed and other currently used inhaled anesthetics, such as isoflurane, desflurane, and sevoflurane, are halogenated ethers.[20] Diethyl ether was found to have undesirable side effects, such as post-anesthetic nausea and vomiting. Modern anesthetic agents reduce these side effects.[14]
Prior to 2005 it was on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines for use as an anesthetic.[21][22]
Medical use [ edit ]
Ether was once used in pharmaceutical formulations. A mixture of alcohol and ether, one part of diethyl ether and three parts of ethanol, was known as "Spirit of ether", Hoffman's Anodyne or Hoffman's Drops. In the United States this concoction was removed from the Pharmacopeia at some point prior to June 1917,[23] as a study published by William Procter, Jr. in the American Journal of Pharmacy as early as 1852 showed that there were differences in formulation to be found between commercial manufacturers, between international pharmacopoeia, and from Hoffman's original recipe.[24]
Recreational use [ edit ]
The anesthetic and intoxicating effects of ether have made it a recreational drug. Diethyl ether in anesthetic dosage is an inhalant which has a long history of recreational use. One disadvantage is the high flammability, especially in conjunction with oxygen. One advantage is a well-defined margin between therapeutic and toxic doses, which means one would lose consciousness before dangerous levels of dissolved ether in blood would be reached. With a strong, dense smell, ether causes irritation to respiratory mucosa and is uncomfortable to breathe, and in overdose triggering salivation, vomiting, coughing or spasms. In concentrations of 3–5% in air, an anesthetic effect can slowly be achieved in 15–20 minutes of breathing approximately 15–20 ml of ether, depending on body weight and physical condition. Ether causes a very long excitation stage prior to blacking out.
In the 19th century and early 20th century ether drinking was popular among Polish peasants.[25] It is a traditional and still relatively popular recreational drug among Lemkos.[26] It is usually consumed in a small quantity (kropka, or "dot") poured over milk, sugar water, or orange juice in a shot glass. As a drug, it has been known to cause temporary dependence, the only symptom of which is the will to consume more, sometimes referred to as etheromania.[27]
Metabolism [ edit ]
A cytochrome P450 enzyme is proposed to metabolize diethyl ether.[28]
Diethyl ether inhibits alcohol dehydrogenase, and thus slows the metabolism of ethanol.[29] It also inhibits metabolism of other drugs requiring oxidative metabolism. For example, diazepam requires hepatic oxidization whereas its oxidized metabolite oxazepam does not.[30]
Safety and stability [ edit ]
Diethyl ether is extremely flammable and may form explosive vapour/air mixtures.[31]
Since ether is heavier than air it can collect low to the ground and the vapour may travel considerable distances to ignition sources, which does not need to be an open flame, but may be a hot plate, steam pipe, heater etc.[31] Vapour may be ignited by the static electricity which can build up when ether is being poured from one vessel into another. The autoignition temperature of diethyl ether is 160 °C (320 °F). A common practice in chemical labs is to use steam (thus limiting the temperature to 100 °C (212 °F) ) when ether must be heated or distilled. The diffusion of diethyl ether in air is 9.18 × 10−6 m2/s (298 K, 101.325 kPa).[citation needed]
Ether is sensitive to light and air, tending to form explosive peroxides.[31] Ether peroxides have a higher boiling point than ether and are contact explosives when dry.[31] Commercial diethyl ether is typically supplied with trace amounts of the antioxidant butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT), which reduces the formation of peroxides. Storage over sodium hydroxide precipitates the intermediate ether hydroperoxides. Water and peroxides can be removed by either distillation from sodium and benzophenone, or by passing through a column of activated alumina.[32]
History [ edit ]
The compound may have been synthesised by either Jābir ibn Hayyān in the 8th century[33] or Ramon Llull in 1275.[33][34] It was synthesized in 1540 by Valerius Cordus, who called it "sweet oil of vitriol" (oleum dulce vitrioli)—the name reflects the fact that it is obtained by distilling a mixture of ethanol and sulfuric acid (then known as oil of vitriol)—and noted some of its medicinal properties.[33] At about the same time, Paracelsus discovered ether's analgesic properties in chickens.[33] The name ether was given to the substance in 1729 by August Sigmund Frobenius.[35]
[haiku-development] What's the status of Haiku?
From: Sia Lang <silverlanguage@xxxxxxxxx>
To: haiku-development@xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Date: Mon, 18 Aug 2014 15:03:37 +0200
Back in 2007, in their goodbye letter, Phipps assessed that "we're almost there". That's seven years ago, and I unfortunately think their assessment today would be about the same. Maybe I'm wrong, as I find it hard to figure out the actual state of Haiku. On my machine, it "kinda" works, but there's clearly also several critical bugs. Could someone please give the audience a rough estimate on when to expect the first release? I'm asking this in no small part due to having a working prototype BeOS API layer on top of a Linux 3.x kernel (app, interface and networking kits already in decent shape after only a couple of months of development - Linux has already done the hard work) and I am pondering whether or not to pursue this project. If Haiku is close to release, I probably won't bother since it's still a lot of work, but if another seven years is going to pass by, I'll probably go ahead. While there are some minor downsides to having the kits on top of Linux (or one of the BSDs), the upsides include all the drivers in the world (well, the gpu driver situation could be a tad better), a rock solid kernel that works on all kinds of devices (who says BeOS can't run on a phone, mine can), and a working BeOS clone with comparatively little effort (as a musical engineer, my biggest worry was sound system latencies, but it turns out many Linux schedulers can easily be tuned to handle the loads I expect in a BeOS system.) I think the Haiku project made a monumental mistake in not using an existing kernel - it's simply no longer practical for a small project to keep up with the hardware evolution, handling security requirements and so on. Sad but true, and it was sad but true back in 2001. Thanks. Sia.
Other related posts:
-- a quizzical quest that led to an
and an appearance on the
Continue Reading
-- but he's apparently capable of doing some damage. They were arrested yesterday on charges of domestic violence and third-degree assault in relation to an accident in which the driver was allegedly drunk.
According to Trooper Heather Cobler, spokesperson for the Colorado State Patrol, the incident took place just shy of 4 p.m. yesterday on North Spring Gulch Road.
"Troopers were notified of a single vehicle crash involving a blue Ford Explorer that went off the right side of the road," Cobler says. "Upon their arrival, they investigated the crash and took the driver" -- Jennifer Logie-Oliver, 51 -- "into custody for driving under the influence of alcohol."
Faulkner was a passenger in the Explorer -- but that doesn't mean they were off the hook.
The troopers on the scene "observed that the injuries sustained by the driver weren't consistent with those involved in the crash," Cobler maintains. "So they investigated further, and as a result, they took Mr. Faulkner into custody for third-degree assault and domestic violence."
Could an assault have caused Logie-Oliver to wipe out?
"We're currently still investigating both of these incidents," Cobler replies. "And we're considering a multitude of factors: alcohol, distracted driving, lane violations, and also the possibility that this domestic-violence situation could have been a factor. Obviously, the driver was arrested for driving under the influence, but other factors could have been involved in the crash, too."
Cobler stresses that Logie-Oliver, who was booked into Clear County Jail yesterday along with Faulkner, "is still a victim of these other crimes they were arrested for." They add that specifics about their injuries aren't being released because the investigation is ongoing.
Page down to see Faulkner's remarkable interview with CNN regarding their bid to kill bin Laden, as well as a subsequent appearance on CBS's Early Show and the Letterman chat.
CNN interview:
Letterman preview:
Letterman appearance:
Product claims:
Creates clear, glossy skin texture
Uses birch sap instead of water for enhanced hydration
Anti-wrinkle, whitening, moisturizing
Corrects skin problems
Brightens with pink color capsules
Ingredients (right click - open in new tab to actually be able to read it):
Pricing:
Disclosure: The product featured in this post was provided to me by ibuybeauti for review purposes, however any opinions expressed above are honest and my own. I did not receive any other form of compensation. This post contains affiliate links. For more information, check out my full disclosure policy
This may or may not surprise you, but about 50% of my beauty-related internet browsing has to do with foundations, BB creams, and CC creams. For whatever reason I have a really hard time finding base makeup that both matches my skintonehas an appealing texture... but I haven't given up yet! When I see something that's affordable and looks like it might be a winner, I try it. Today I'll be taking a look at Mizon Correct Combo Pink Radiance CC Cream —not a brand-new product, but I haven't seen too many reviews of it in English, so I figured I'd give it a shot.Some kindly soul already uploaded the ingredients list to CosDNA , which did flag a couple of ingredients as minor possible acne triggers. You can check it out for yourself if you're curious, but I'm going to tell you right now that I don't think this CC cream is really appropriate for oily or acne-prone skin at all anyway—more on that in a bit. If you don't want to click through to CosDNA, you should know that this CC cream is SPF25 PA++ (in the form of Octinoxate and Titanium Dioxide). Not the most impressive SPF stats, but better than nothing.Mizon lists a full retail price of 28,000원 (~$25.24 USD) for 35g on their official website, but it seems to sell for a lot less than that on other websites. ibuybeauti has it for $17.46 USD (with free shipping on orders over $50).The product is housed in a long, slender pink tube with a pump and plastic cap. Nothing too fancy to look at, but it scores 100% in terms of functionality.In typical CC cream fashion, Mizon Correct Combo starts off as a white-ish shade with color capsules that burst as you rub it in. Observe some swatches during the various stages of blending:As you can see, the cream has a slightly yellow undertone to it. That's not exactly what I expected given the pink tube and talk of pink color capsules, but since this is a lighter coverage cream, the effect is pretty subtle. In any case, this is definitely one for the pale folk—I think it might look odd on anyone darker than N20.Speaking of pale folk, want to see what it looks like on my actual face? OK, here you go:Ignore my crazy eyebrows—I had this wild idea that they might magically grow in to be super full if I left them alone for a while. (Strangely enough, it didn't work.) Anyway, I think this cream delivers on its promise of delivering radiance—my skintone looks brighter, and the cream has evened out a little of the redness on my cheeks. It has a dewy finish that isn't disco ball glittery, which is nice.With all that said, I really think this cream is best suited to people with normal to dry skin. The formula is pretty moist-feeling and hydrating without beinggreasy, which is great if you usually have issues with base makeup clinging to dry spots on your face, but it has a tendency to slide around and settle into fine lines on oilier parts of the face. (I say this as someone who has combo skin, so I experienced both the hydrating and the sliding.) In that regard, it also doesn't have amazing lasting power—if you sweat, it's going to fade. If you have oily skin, it's going to fade. And so on.Other considerations: This stuff is definitely scented. I'm not sure what it'sto smell like, but I think it smells kind of like artificial peaches. Peaches with a dollop of green tea and perfume mixed in, anyway.Overall, I think this is a decent CC cream, and I could see myself reaching for it often in the winter when my skin gets painfully dehydrated. But in the sweaty, nasty summer... nope. It's a bit too moist and short-lived for me. But if you have naturally dry or balanced skin year-round and live in a climate that's currently cold, you may just love it.For more information and to purchase this CC cream, visit ibuybeauti
Glamourous couple: All Black Aaron Smith and Teagan Voykovich. Credit:Getty Images The player was sent home from South Africa by the All Blacks touring party over the incident at Christchurch Airport. When quizzed about the choice of promotional picture, NRL Nines general manager Trina Tamati said: "She's a very attractive lady, they're both very attractive ladies, so that's why the image was selected". "We have about six photos that have been randomly selected and are used for a number of marketing campaigns over the last two or three years. That one has actually been used before and then got used again."
"It is a condition of patrons attending games that their images may be used for promotional purposes," Tamati explained. They said they didn't even realise it was Smith's partner until it was pointed out to them on Thursday. "I wouldn't actually know Teagan if I fell over them in the street - with all due respect. "I don't even know if she's single, I have no idea what the story is there, but we are going to stop using that image, just out of respect." "Unless they give us a call and says they want to be in the zone, in which that will be a different story all together," Tamati joked.
It comes after the NRL Auckland Nines announced earlier in the week that they have created a "singles zone" at the annual rugby league tournament, which will be held at Eden Park on February 4-5. Loading "It's actually gone a little bit nuts though. It's been a bit of a shock but the reaction to it has been good and bad, but we've sold nearly a third of the seats that are available in it, so you could say there has been quite a bit of interest." Stuff.co.nz
First in a series of stories on the Obama administration's outside fundraising efforts to promote Obamacare enrollment.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and other department staff may be continuing to solicit private donations to help an outside group promote the president's health care law as the administration works to boost enrollment figures after a troubled fall rollout.
News last May that Sebelius had asked business executives and nonprofit groups to donate to Enroll America, a nonprofit organization formed to help encourage millions of Americans to sign up for the new Obamacare insurance exchanges, provoked an uproar among Republicans on Capitol Hill.
Two GOP-led House committees launched investigations, and several Republican senators called on the Health and Human Services inspector general to investigate Sebelius' fundraising drive, which watchdogs have described as an unethical shakedown for cash.
Eight months after the news broke, Sebelius' spokesperson last Friday sidestepped questions from the Washington Examiner on whether their boss has continued to solicit funds from outside groups for Enroll America's efforts.
“The secretary has engaged in a sustained, aggressive outreach campaign to reach as many Americans as possible during open enrollment,” HHS spokesperson Joanne Peters said in an emailed statement Friday afternoon.
“We're [sic] have been working closely with a range of partners groups across the country to reach the uninsured, and to help get them enrolled in quality, affordable health insurance,” Peters continued.
They did not respond to a follow-up question specifically asking whether Sebelius has continued the fundraising.
Peters made the statement in response to several questions the Washington Examiner posed about the details of emails between Enroll America officials and Health and Human Services aides, including some with staffers from the White House Office of Public Engagement.
The emails, which the Washington Examiner obtained through Freedom of Information Act request, reveal a close working relationship between top HHS aides, Sebelius, Enroll America and former White House aides on their fundraising efforts.
The Examiner asked whether Sebelius believed the close working relationship is appropriate and whether Sebelius has continued fundraising for Enroll America since news first broke about the solicitations last May.
In addition to weekly conference calls between Enroll America staffers and key HHS aides, the emails show the nonprofit's efforts to urge HHS aides and Sebelius themselves to solicit funds on its behalf.
In one Feb. 26, 2013, email with the subject line “Re: H/R block,” Enroll America President Anne Filipic wrote to Anton Gunn, the then-head of HHS's Office of External Affairs, and Sol Ross, the director of business outreach in the department's Intergovernmental and External Affairs Office.
They mentioned a meeting Sebelius had with H&R Block executives ahead of their own meeting scheduled for that day and said they wanted to put the matter “at the top of your inbox” to make sure “we're all on the same page in terms of the asks we will make of them.”
“We are meeting with H&R Block tomorrow and are eager to touch base in advance of that,” Filipic wrote. “I know the secretary met with them yesterday and just want to be sure we're all on the same page in terms of the asks we will make of them.”
Filipic worked for President Barack Obama as deputy director of White House public engagement before helping create Enroll America.
In another email between Filipic and Gunn with the subject “H&R,” Filipic asked whether a call from “KGS is in the works” and urges HHS action to get “that number up” — an apparent reference to a fundraising goal.
“Hey Anton — Martine mentioned that you all have a conversation with Theresa and the H&R team scheduled for today. We're trying to figure out next steps here (really need to get back to them this week) and are wondering if a call from KGS is in the works. Could you share your thoughts after you talk with Theresa?” Filipic wrote.
“We'd really love the help getting that number up but don't want to miss the opportunity here, and they've made clear they are on a quick timeline. I'll be eager for your thoughts!” they concluded.
The Washington Examiner made the FOIA request last June for “any and all [HHS] emails containing the term Enroll America.” The HHS FOIA office partially responded to the request Jan. 30.
The FOIA office located 448 pages of emails and documents shared between Enroll America and HHS, and released 257 pages of them. The office delayed release of another 179 pages of “responsive records” it said were “under review for consultation” and could not provide an estimate for how long the review would take.
In addition, the FOIA office redacted portions of the emails they provided, along with 12 pages in their entirety under an exemption that permits the withholding of records which are “deliberative in nature and pre-decisional and contains staff advice, opinion and recommendation.”
The exemption is intended to preserve free and candid internal dialogue leading to decision-making, the office said.
A May 10 Washington Post article said Sebelius had contacted several private entities, including some in the health care industry, and asked them to contribute to Enroll America, which is made up of Obama campaign loyalists and former White House staffers.
The article quoted Ellen Murray, assistant secretary for financial resources at HHS, saying that the fundraising was an effort to “come up with a Plan B” once Congress denied funding to promote the Affordable Care Act's fall enrollment drive.
Under fire for the fundraising, a month later, Sebelius told the House Education and Workforce Committee that they have directly solicited two groups HHS does not regulate — the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and H&R Block. They also said they called three other groups HHS regulates but asked them only for support and didn't request a donation: Kaiser Permanente, Johnson & Johnson, and Ascension Health.
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, a nonprofit that supports anti-obesity and other health outreach campaigns, last year said it had contributed $14 million to Enroll America. It owns more than $1 billion worth of stock in Johnson & Johnson, which HHS regulates. The Food and Drug Administration, which is part of HHS, regulates Johnson & Johnson's drugs and medical devices.
The emails show that Enroll America officials were optimistic that H&R Block would make a donation, but a spokesperson for the company said it ultimately decided against cutting a check. As the country's largest tax services provider, the company stands to reap a windfall from new business in advising Americans whether they qualify for Obamacare tax credits or must pay a penalty for failing to buy insurance.
Kaiser Permanente, which has representatives on Enroll America's board, also has donated. As of November of last year, Enroll America officials said the group has raised $27 million so far from entities that include the Ford Foundation, the California Endowment, the Kate B. Reynolds Charitable Trust, Saint Luke's Health Initiatives, the Tennessee Hospital Association and Catholic Health Initiatives.
Sen. Lamar Alexander, a Republican from Tennessee and the ranking member of the Senate committee that oversees health policy, has argued that Sebelius' efforts are illegal because Congress has specifically denied funds for the Affordable Care Act's implementation and compared their fundraising to the Iran-Contra scandal.
Alexander and other Republicans in Congress have asked the Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, and the HHS inspector general to look into the extent Sebelius and their staff are coordinating with Enroll America and other organizations.
Republicans say the Sebelius fundraising drive violates the federal Anti-Deficiency Act, which prohibits government agencies from accepting voluntary services or donations. But HHS officials contend that a section of the Public Service Act specifically permits the secretary to ask outside companies and entities to write checks to support health programs.
That act does not allow the White House to engage in the same type of solicitation of private entities, and White House officials have said they did not sign off on the fundraising although they were generally aware of the outreach plans.
Sebelius and House Democrats argue that engaging public-private partnerships to help promote the law is similar to what President George W. Bush's administration did to promote the prescription drug benefit in Medicare Part D expansion and the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Watchdog and good-government groups disagree over whether Sebelius violated federal laws with the fundraising, but they all say asking private companies to financially support Obamacare's rollout raises serious ethical questions.
“Obviously, there's an appearance problem,” said Melanie Sloan, the executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. “If they were soliciting for a Girl Scout troop in their neighborhood — something totally unrelated to health care — I don't think you would have these questions, but they are charged with implementing the most significant health care changes in a generation.”
The original version of this article stated that H&R Block had contributed $500,000 to Enroll America. A company spokesperson said H&R Block never donated any money despite several meetings with Enroll America and HHS officials. The Washington Examiner regrets the error.
Multnomah County employee Tracey Wilkie, a Native American, experienced the first signs of racism shortly after they were hired. They say a co-worker told them the only reason they got the job was that they were "the only buffalo hunter around here."
Tori Lopez felt it too. They said they regularly faced insensitive racial remarks or treatment when working at the county's Department of Community Justice. Five years ago, they recalled, a colleague asked Lopez why they were so brown. When Lopez told the co-worker it was probably because they were Mexican, they replied: "Are you sure it's not because you're full of shit?"
Their stories are too familiar at the county, its leaders say.
Multnomah County Chair Deborah Kafoury said the public should hold them accountable for the steps they take to correct systemic racism at the county.
Multnomah County Chair Deborah Kafoury acknowledged last week that the county has subjected employees of color to institutional racism. They asked the public to hold them accountable for making strides to solve the problem by April.
Them statements followed the ouster of one of the county's highest-ranking black officials, public health director Tricia Tillman, who called on county leaders to investigate systemic racism.
In the wake of Tillman's claims, The Oregonian/OregonLive interviewed 18 current and former Multnomah County employees of color across six departments.
Nearly all said they have been routinely subjected to insensitive remarks and hostile treatment in the workplace. Many said white co-workers got encouragement and mentoring that they did not receive. Others said they missed out on promotions or feared that they would be singled out because of their race if the county needed to downsize.
County statistics show they had reason to worry.
In the past four years, black county employees were ousted from their jobs at higher rates than other workers. Five percent of the county's nearly 500 black workers were terminated in the past two years, a county report says.
Black employees hired during that period were let go after their probationary periods at a much higher rate than other workers – more than 2.5 times as often as others in the county workforce.
The most recent county job satisfaction survey, from 2015, found that nearly one in five employees said that the people they work with fail to respond appropriately to discriminatory behavior. One quarter of Latinos and one third of black employees reported they felt that way.
One out of five county workers surveyed said they didn't feel safe speaking up about discriminatory or unethical practices in the workplace. Native Americans were by far the least likely to feel safe speaking up, the survey found.
Proving that racism is the factor behind negative repercussions in the workplace is difficult for workers who say that is what happened to them. County managers accused of mistreating employees of color based on their race are usually absolved.
Almost 90 percent of racial discrimination complaints against the county filed with the state labor bureau since 2010 have been ruled unsubstantiated by state civil rights investigators. In multiple cases, investigators found the workers who complained did suffer negative consequences at work. But because their bosses or co-workers did not say they were motivated by racial considerations or make explicit remarks about race, the investigators had no choice but to conclude that there was no discrimination.
The county has paid large sums to some workers who complained they were subjected to racist treatment, including Tillman. But all those payments were contingent on the employee keeping mum about what happened.
Kafoury, who is white, told The Oregonian/OregonLive Friday that they plan to make major changes within the next six months. The chair has directed that all race-related employment complaints go to Chief Operating Officer Marissa Madrigal's office.
Kafoury also pledged to hire an outside consultant "with expertise in dismantling structural racism in public institutions" to review employment practices. Among other things, the consulting firm will examine whether the county's decentralized human resources system is part of the problem.
"What I would offer to you and to the public is to look at where we are in six months and see whether we've made the changes that I'm committing to make today," Kafoury said. "Changing a culture of 6,000 plus employees is not going to happen over night ... but I am going to fix it."
Kafoury emphasized that Multnomah County is not the only local organization plagued with institutional racism.
"I'm putting myself out there," they said. "Hold me accountable."
The county came under fire two weeks ago after a September 7 letter from Public Health
Multnomah County Public Health Director Tricia Tillman called on county officials to investigate systemic racism after they were asked to leave.
Director Tricia Tillman surfaced. Tillman was forced out by Health Director Joanne Fuller after Tillman's subordinates complained about them Fuller, who is white, retired abruptly after Tillman's complaint went public. They did not respond to multiple requests for comment Friday.
In their letter, Tillman asked county leaders to investigate what they called a pattern of "unjust, unfair and disparate" treatment of employees of color, particularly African Americans, The Skanner first reported on September 12.
The next week, Tillman reached a settlement in which the county agreed to keep them on the payroll at $149,000 a year plus benefits for 11 more months, pay them an additional $25,000, give them $3,000 worth of consulting to find a new job and write them a letter of reference. In exchange, Tillman gave up their right to sue the county.
On Monday, the county's Chief Human Resources Officer Travis Graves, who is white, released a report that found no evidence that Tillman experienced "different treatment based on race." County Commissioner Loretta Smith, former state Sen. Margaret Carter and state Sen. Lew Frederick, D-Portland, all of whom are black, held a press conference Wednesday challenging this finding.
"If it looks like a rat and smells like a rat, then that's a damn rat," Carter told The Oregonian/OregonLive. "I don't know how you could call it anything other than absolute racism."
The Oregonian/OregonLive obtained and reviewed 125 pages of notes from Tillman's human resources file. They show Fuller and the health department human resources chief documented concerns expressed by Tillman's subordinates for more than a year. They assigned a consultant to observe Tillman and coach them on strategies, the records show. Most of the complaints centered around what officials said was Tillman's failure to give subordinates clear direction. The records also show that Tillman felt the two women who reported directly to them were resisting changes they wanted to bring to the department. In October 2016, the records say, Tillman told Fuller the two were "working against her."
Tillman was not alone in their feelings that employees of color are treated poorly.
More than a dozen workers spoke about experiencing or witnessing racism before the county's board of commissioners. Two of them were among the 18 who spoke to The Oregonian/OregonLive about their experiences.
When long-time juvenile justice counselor Daryl Winchester couldn't help a white colleague locate a co-worker, the man shot back: "F--- you and the boat you came over on," Winchester recalls. "I don't give a shit about you laying all over each other all chained up," they said before finishing with "a Santa Claus laugh," Winchester said.
Determining whether workplace bullying or negative interactions with colleagues and managers are tied to race can be difficult even for the employees of color experiencing it, said Andrea Archuleta, a Latina parole and probation officer.
Archuleta said colleagues have told them that their speaking Spanish in the workplace makes them uncomfortable. They call them "passionate" because they speak loudly and with their hands. One colleague told them the county only hired them for their Spanish speaking skills.
"Then I'm constantly questioning myself, feeling like I'm doing something wrong," Archuleta said. "That's a common experience with other employees of color."
Talking to other employees of color who had similar experiences reassured them Maybe it was about race, they thought. Maybe they aren't crazy to question that.
"Racism is real," said Raymond De Silva, chair of Multnomah County's Employees of Color Executive Committee. Started two decades ago, the group helps develop county policies and hosts cultural celebrations to promote a peaceful and equitable workplace. It started after employees of color came together to address their shared challenges in the workplace and the hostility they experienced based on race.
The group includes 230 employees of color from all over the county who meet regularly to discuss challenges. Many employees of color say they have experienced a lack of support from managers and a dearth of opportunities for promotions compared to their white colleagues, De Silva said.
COUNTY EFFORTS
The county plans to hire an outside consulting team to examine its hiring, training and retention practices and evaluate how managers and supervisors are trained, Madrigal said. The team will include experts on large institutions and racism.
"It's not enough to just have a process," said Madrigal, who is Latina. "The process has to work. The structure has to work. It has to address the pain that's caused when people are discriminated against."
When human resources officials receive a complaint about an employee, they typically investigate the intent of the alleged wrongdoer, Madrigal said. But that doesn't work when it comes to discrimination complaints, they said.
Madrigal said the county needs to weigh the impact of discriminatory statements or treatment more than the intent. Racism today, they said, is often unintentional.
"You cannot say these things," "Madrigal said. "It doesn't matter if you meant to."
The county also lacks a centralized or uniform process for how complaints are handled, Madrigal said. All large departments have their own human resources director, who reports to the department director instead of a central human resources director.
"That's like the fox guarding the hen house," said Thach Nguyen, a former Department of Community Justice senior manager who is Asian. They left the county workforce in 2013 and received a settlement of more than $100,000 which bars them from talking about their case.
Madrigal said the decentralized system was meant to address the different business and employee needs within the county. Still, they acknowledged that the system can result in different practices from department to department that may not be "up to snuff."
"The structures and the process we have in place to address complaints of discrimination based on protective class were not resulting in satisfactory outcomes for the people who were on the receiving end of really abhorrent behavior," Madrigal said.
--Jessica Floum
503-221-8306
The suspicious behavior of a man wearing bloody clothing and body armor drew the attention of Montgomery County, Texas, law enforcement officials who later arrested the man. Christopher Longoria, 27, was reportedly circling the Porter, Texas, Walmart in an SUV and was seen wearing a camouflaged jacket and body armor.
Two Montgomery County sheriff's deputies and a Precinct 4 constables deputy cautiously approached Longoria and detained him, according to a report on KTRK 13 in Houston. As deputies approached Longoria, they allegedly opened the door of their vehicle and reached into the SUV. The deputies drew their weapons and ordered them to stop their actions. Executing felony stop procedures, the deputies ordered them to place their hands on their head and walk backwards towards them.
A pat down search revealed Longoria was carrying a small pistol, according to the report. They also allegedly found a pill bottle containing Hydrocodone in their shirt pocket and a sunglass case they were wearing around their neck contained a small digital scale and clear baggies containing methamphetamine.
A search of Longoria's SUV allegedly revealed multiple boxes of ammunition, a mask, rifle bipods, loose ammunition and more baggies with methamphetamine residue inside them.
Longoria's shirt was covered in blood according to the deputies. When asked about the blood, Longoria replied it was their own blood and that they had been shot two days before. They claimed they were shot at a gas station in Harris County (Houston area) and they did not know why they were shot.
A check of Longoria's record revealed they were a convicted felon with two prior felony convictions. The Houston resident was charged with a first-degree felony charge of manufacturing and delivery of a controlled substance (penalty group 1) with more than four grams but less than two hundred grams; a third-degree felony of possession of a controlled substance (penalty group 3) with more than twenty-eight grams but less than two hundred grams; and a third-degree felony for unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon.
The firearm was a chrome .25 caliber pistol. It was allegedly fully loaded. Additionally .40 caliber ammunition was also found in their possession. The deputies also found fifty-two small plastic bags, 92 rounds of .25 caliber ammunition that included the rounds in the gun, sixteen small bags containing 65.3 grams of methamphetamine and nine pills believed to be Hydrocodone.
Bob Price is a senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas and a member of the original Breitbart Texas team. Follow them on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.
New Trump Instagram Video Uses Obama's Words to Brutally Undercut Hillary Clinton
A video posted to Instagram Tuesday afternoon by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump uses excerpts of remarks by then-candidate President Barack Obama on leadership qualities interspersed with clips of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton's record on Benghazi and State Department emails to undercut Clinton's qualifications to be president.
Trump captioned the video, “Crooked Hillary is a corrupt, lying and unethical person that time and time again, places America in grave danger! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain”
Candidate Obama, responding to Clinton's ‘3 a.m. phone call‘ ad is shown saying, “Here's the important thing about that 3 a.m. phone call. What you want is somebody who's first of all gonna get all the facts and gather up good intelligence.”
Clinton is then seen speaking at the ceremony marking the return of the bodies of the four American killed in the Benghazi terror attack in which Clinton blames an Internet video for the attack.
Clinton, “We've seen rage and violence directed at American Embassies over an awful Internet video.”
Obama, “The second thing you want is somebody who is able to uh, analyze the situation–the cost and benefits of action.”
A scene from the Benghazi attack is shown, then a Benghazi whistleblower Kris Paranto is seen speaking about being told to stand down.
Whistle blower, “We were told to wait, stand, and stand down. We were delayed three times.”
Obama, “The most important thing that you need is somebody who is gonna exercise good judgment.”
A NY Post cover featuring Clinton is then shown with the headline, “Deleter of the Free World.”
Clinton is then seen in an interview speaking about their State Department email scandal.
Clinton, “I should've used two accounts–one for personal, one for uh, work related emails. Uh, that was a mistake.”
Crooked Hillary is a corrupt, lying and unethical person that time and time again, places America in grave danger! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jul 26, 2016 at 1:01pm PDT
The Instagram video closes with the sound of Clinton's cackling laughter over a black screen with the all-capitalized white-lettered message “Don't get fooled again!” that then transitions to the Trump ‘Make America Great Again!' logo.
Hi everyone,Why did we bring Face Unlock to the OnePlus 5T? We wanted to give our users a quick and convenient alternative to the fingerprint scanner. And it's become a fan-favorite of the entire OnePlus community. Face Unlock's appeal was broader than expected! Calls to bring Face Unlock to other OnePlus devices prove this.We've heard your calls to bring Face Unlock to other devices. We're happy to share that Face Unlocks is coming to the OnePlus 5. Since this news got out, we've received a ton of comments and questions. So, we would like to take a minute to tell you a little more about our plan to bring Face Unlock to the OnePlus 5.Face Unlock will first make its way to the OnePlus 5 through an upcoming Open Beta build. Consider it an early test run. We'll work out any remaining kinks and take time to work through your feedback. Then we will release Face Unlock to OnePlus 5 users worldwide in an Official Release build.You all inspired us to bring Face Unlock to the OnePlus 5. When you share your thoughts and feedback, you impact how we build and maintain our devices. In the spirit of building together, we'd also like to ask our OnePlus 3 and 3T users: Do you want Face Unlock too?Let us know in the comments below with your thoughts. Thanks for your feedback. We can't wait until you get your eyes on Face Unlock.Never Settle.
Form factor
Performance
Display
Software
Amazon certainly has Barnes & Noble beat in terms of proprietary entertainment services.
Reading
Etc.
Ultimately, this is a pretty tight race between the two devices.
US president Donald Trump welcomed Chinese president Xi Jinping and their wife to their private club in Florida on Thursday evening, and then announced they had bombed Syria, one of China's allies.
The move, which included launching dozens of missiles at Syrian airfields, was a stark reversal for Trump, who had long endorsed a policy of non-intervention without Congressional approval when their predecessor Barack Obama was president. It may have been a massive surprise for Xi as well—China, along with Russia, voted against sanctioning Syria in the United Nations in February this year, and the meeting between Xi and Trump was billed by the US as an uneventful meet-and-greet session beforehand.
“Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched,” Trump said at Mar-a-Lago, about an hour after Xi and their wife had left in their motorcade for another seaside hotel.
In February, the United Nations' Security Council voted against putting sanctions on Syria over the alleged use of chemical weapons by the regime of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad. China has vetoed Syria-related action at the UN several times, along with Russia. Amnesty International said in February that Russia and China's latest vetoes “have displayed a callous disregard for the lives of millions of Syrians.” On Thursday, inconclusive discussions had been underway among Security Council members on a resolution condemning the chemical attack.
In March, Syria's president said in an interview with a Chinese television channel that relations with China were on the upswing, calling the country “a real friend.” China's foreign ministry has been circumspect about the fighting raging in Syria, and comments are usually confined to hoping the Syrian government and the opposition build “mutual trust.”
After the attacks, China's foreign ministry spokesperson said China opposed the “use of force.” The AFP tweeted that Trump had personally notified Xi about the attacks over dinner, but an article with the same information was deleted from the news agency's website.
Bonnie Glaser, director of the China Power Project at the Washingon-based think tank Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that the military action could send a message to China.
“China's president cannot but conclude that Trump is a US president who is decisive and willing to use American power, including military power,” they said, adding that in relation to future tensions that could arise in the Taiwan Strait or South China Sea, “China could be deterred from using force.”
The bombing during the very public meeting with Xi could also disturb relations between the two nations. As China experts in the US government noted earlier, the last thing that Xi would want during such a meeting is a surprise. In addition, the second day of talks on Friday will likely be overshadowed by US lawmakers and journalists seeking more clarity on the administration's plans for Syria.
Willy Lam, who researches Chinese politics at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, says that Beijing will be somewhat dismayed that the summit will play “second fiddle” to Syria in international media coverage.
Making matters worse, the US has said it had notified Russia before the bombing, according a statement from the Pentagon, but it is not yet clear when Xi was made aware of the action.
In remarks in Florida after the military action was announced, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson praised Trump. “This clearly indicates the president is willing to take decisive action when called for,” they said.
Echo Huang contributed to this article.
This article was updated April 7 at 9:20am EDT with China's reaction and a report that Xi had been notified of the attacks.
Major League Rugby officially launched with a press release Thursday, announcing that it will get off the ground in 2018 with nine teams across the country – Glendale, Colo., Kansas City, Dallas, Houston, Austin, New Orleans, Seattle, Minneapolis and Salt Lake City. News and rumor about the entity had slowly been trickling out over the last several months, but Thursday's release was the first peep from the league itself.
Though there have been different entities who've used the name MLR, including an active website that essentially acts as a feed for international rugby news and a club competition that rivaled the Super League around the turn of the century, this new MLR is entirely different.
The league will be run out of Salt Lake City, and the current front office includes commissioner Dean Howes and deputy commissioner Nick Benson. Howes has an extensive background in professional sport, having formerly been a partner in SCP Worldwide, a managing partner of the NHL's St. Louis Blues and the MLS' Real Salt Lake. They also oversaw the construction of Rio Tinto stadium, home of Real Salt Lake.
MLR is owned by its member teams, all of which own themselves. This is in stark contrast to the dormant PRO Rugby. The league itself and all of the teams were owned by Doug Schoninger. PRO is still the sole professional league sanctioned by USA Rugby, though the national governing body is expected to exercise an exit clause, which would see sanctioning end in the spring of 2018 amid what MLR plans to be its pilot season.
“We're targeting spring. We would like to get our season in before the June window. It's a little bit of a jigsaw puzzle,” said Benson. “If you look at the cities, you look at the weather and you look at the June test window, so there are some logistical things we're trying to figure out there – how many games can we fit in?”
The window of the season, a schedule and format are all among the things the league is ironing out. The list of founding teams, though, is something that should be relatively set at this point.
Most of them are directly tied to an existing club – the Glendale Raptors, Kansas City Blues, Griffins Rugby (Dallas area), Austin Huns, New Orleans RFC, Seattle Saracens and Rugby Utah are all currently competing teams. All of them are traditional clubs, except Rugby Utah, which was launched as a national development academy and operates more like the state's governing body.
The Houston Strikers are reviving the name of an old club, though the team hasn't been active for many years. Former Striker club members are at the core of that team's ownership group. The Minneapolis team is a new addition, at least a newly brought to light one. Benson says its ownership group has deep ties to the Minneapolis rugby community across many levels.
Zeroing in on the founding teams has been at the forefront of MLR's efforts, and that process has seen some other rumored cities and teams fall off. Those announced have made it through a round of vetting.
“We didn't go and audit people's bank accounts, but we do have some pretty hefty financial contributions that each team is going to have to make to the league itself, first of all. You have to remember we're operating this first and foremost as a business. We have to think of it that way if we're going to succeed,” they said.
“We're also laying our certain expectations in terms of what teams do in their local markets. That's minimum standards in terms of the quality of the facility that you're playing in, what you do in terms of your marketing, what you do in terms of your player welfare.
“I can tell you a lot of the teams that we talked to said we'd love to be a part of this but we're not quite ready. That's fine. Some teams have looked at it and said I don't know if we want to do that, we want to be amateur, and that's fine, too. It's really been about finding the right fit. It's not a value judgment.”
Some teams are further along than others in terms of taking shape. Glendale and Austin both have a number of players and coaches under contract, and they've been playing this spring, using it as a dress rehearsal of sorts. Guys like Hanco Germishuys, Michael Reid and Peter Malcolm are on the Huns' payroll, and Glendale is paying players like Shaun Davies, John Quill and Will Magie.
The Houston Strikers, though they're not playing yet, have hired Justin Fitzpatrick (formerly the scrum coach for the USA and the head man for the Seattle Saracens) to lead their team, and they've inked Eagle No. 8 Matt Trouville to contribute on the field and run the team's youth sector. Others, like Rugby Utah and New Orleans, have begun offering contracts. Others haven't quite gotten to that point, yet.
Details on the size and makeup of contracts hasn't been announced, but expect for player pay to be in the same neighborhood as it was in PRO's inaugural year. It is also anticipated that a salary cap will be in play, and there's even been talk of a draft.
“Obviously, you have teams that are more established and have a bit of a more robust roster. There are teams who are out there being a bit more aggressive, and there are teams who are maybe not at that point yet,” added Benson.
“We're establishing systems internally to help with that and to distribute the talent that kind of helps the teams that are a little bit newer or who have maybe a bit more of a leap in their technical capacity on field to close that gap.”
So what do we know with certainty about the rioters and looters? Are they a criminal, feral underclass or victims of socio-economic blight getting their own back on the rest of society?
Sadly, official statisticians and academics haven't thought of a way to measure such things accurately - as my colleague Mark Easton recently pointed out - but the people with the slide rules in the Ministry of Justice have given us the first real picture of the people now filling up the courts and prisons.
Their new figures cover those who have appeared before the courts. It may be stating the obvious but if someone hasn't had their collar felt, it is difficult to know a lot about them. What's more - the vast majority of those charged - 1,400 defendants - are still in the system. It will be months before we have the full facts on sentencing.
HOW OLD WERE THE RIOTERS AND LOOTERS?
What's clear from the initial analysis is that of those who have come before the courts, under 18s account for a larger proportion than they did among those before the courts in 2010. Just over half of all the people who have appeared in court have been 20 or under.
Drilling further into that figure reveals that about a fifth were aged between 10 and 17 - and 31% were between 18 and 20.
The MoJ looked at the ages of those hauled before the courts for "similar offences" last year and found that 16% were juveniles and 15% were 18 to 20.
Statisticians have counted the types of offences, but given that there were no riots last year, they cannot take into account the actual circumstances of the offending.
What that means is that there is a danger of comparing apples with pears which becomes more important when we look at sentencing a little later.
Image copyright bbc
WHAT DID THEY DO?
The key offence so far has been burglary - and that shows why these events were so different to previous bouts of mass disorder.
In many past disturbances - think of riots in the 1980s and the 2001 disorder in northern English towns - the target has been the police or other groups, typically leading to lots of convictions for violence-related crimes.
This time around, many of those out on the streets were out shopping with a crowbar. While there was still some very serious violence, the charges so far broadly reflect what we all watched live on TV.
Image copyright bbc
WHAT SENTENCES DID THEY GET?
Only 315 of 1,715 defendants have so far been sentenced because magistrates have been sending so many cases to the crown courts for longer jail terms.
The average sentence for violent disorder has been 10.4 months compared with 5.3 last year. The average for theft has been almost three times longer at just over seven months.
During 2010, just under a quarter of all burglaries dealt with at magistrates' courts in England and Wales led to an immediate custodial sentence - a percentage that has more doubled for rioters.
So more of the offenders are being locked up - and they are being locked up for longer, with the average sentence dished out by magistrates twice the length for similar offences last year.
The courts are not treating defendants as ordinary burglars - they are taking into account the aggravating circumstances of the riots. If you want to understand more about how these decisions are being taken, Manchester's top judges issued a very important judgement explaining why they need to sentence rioters and looters for longer.
PREVIOUS CONVICTIONS
The statisticians say that 45% of juveniles who have appeared have had no recorded criminal history. We've also found out that 73% of all of those brought before the courts have criminal histories. Each defendant with a criminal record has committed an average of 15 offences. Roughly a quarter of them have committed 10 or more offences and about 15% had between six and 10 crimes on their record. This is why Justice Secretary Ken Clarke says the figures vindicate their analysis that the offenders are a product of a penal system that has failed to turn them around.
Image copyright bbc
All these previous crimes total 16,598 offences. Just under a quarter were for theft-related offences, but almost 40% were for less serious summary and breach offences.
On one level, this could suggest many looters were not serious criminals, but, given the younger profile of those involved, it could also mean the courts are dealing with lots of people whose criminal careers had only just begun.
Image copyright (C) British Broadcasting Corporation
The government's statisticians are drilling further into this data - including an attempt to establish the socio-economic background of offenders. The search for answers is still on.
Controversy on Rossi's surgeon
By Football Italia staff
Giuseppe Rossi could reportedly be out for over six months and NBA star Danilo Gallinari criticised their surgeon.
Fiorentina announced Rossi had surgery on their knee last night and will be sidelined for four to five months, but La Nazione newspaper claims it will take six months before he's running again.
This is Rossi's fourth knee operation and specialist Professor J Richard Steadman is now coming under scrutiny.
Italian basketball star Gallinari told La Gazzetta dello Sport that they have serious doubts over whether Rossi should go to a different surgeon.
“If I could turn back time, I would not have gone to Steadman. I will write a book on that year and a half in my life with many incidents I haven't revealed yet,” said the Denver Nuggets player.
“It's best I don't talk now, as otherwise I could get too fired up. I'll only say that a month after my operation, Steadman declared they would never have operated again.
“I made the wrong choice, but they were considered one of the best and their clinic was an hour's drive from Denver.
“Now I see the Giuseppe Rossi case, plus Westbrook, Vonn and who knows how many other non-famous athletes who paid for trusting in him.”
Gallinari injured their anterior cruciate ligament in April 2013 and missed the entire 2013-14 season too.
Professor Steadman announced they were retiring from their surgical practice in January 2014, but still runs the same clinic that Rossi visited in Vail, Colorado.
BLAG Fortune
This is my repository for my ongoing project to have English language political fortunes in BLAG.
Requirements
All you need is fortune mod. On Debian-based systems:
$ sudo apt-get install fortune-mod
Installation
To install:
$ sudo make install distro=debian
To uninstall:
$ sudo make uninstall distro=debian
Where distro=debian should be replaced with your distribution's name. For example, on Fedora say distro=fedora.
For supported distribution options, look here.
Running
To run the program, simply say
$ fortune anarchism When the people are being beaten with a stick, they are not much happier if it is called "the People's Stick." ----+- Mikhail Bakunin -+----
Here is a more whimsical example:
$ fortune anarchism | cowsay _________________________________________ / Whosoever lays a hand on me in order to \ | govern me is a usurper and a tyrant; I | | declare them my enemy. | | | \ ----+- Pierre-Joseph Proudhon -+---- / ----------------------------------------- \ ^__^ \ (oo)\_______ (__)\ )\/\ ||----w | || ||
Show fortunes on Bash startup
I want to see fortunes when my terminal starts, as in BLAG 140000!
To do this quickly, enter the following command:
$ echo -e "
fortune -s anarchism
echo" >> $HOME/.bashrc
To disable the fortunes, remove these lines from $HOME/.bashrc:
fortune -s anarchism echo
Quote Sources
I have four sources for all my quotes:
By Yi Whan-woo and Joint Press Corps
BEIJING ― The Chinese government regards North Korean defectors as illegal immigrants who should be forcibly repatriated.
Its recent hostile approach came despite the United Nations' growing criticism of Beijing's forced repatriation of asylum seekers from the Kim Jong-un regime; and possibly reflects an improvement in relations between China and North Korea.
“We don't use the term defectors here,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a group of visiting South Korean reporters. “Those North Koreans have illegally crossed the border due to financial hardship in their homeland. They did not go through normal immigration procedures and also disrupted public order in our border regions.”
They said China is dealing with the asylum seekers under domestic and international laws, and the principle of humanitarianism.
The U.N. Committee Against Torture (CAT) proposed last month that China become more transparent in safeguarding asylum seekers from North Korea.
Concerns are growing that those escapees face a high risk of persecution if they are arrested and returned to the repressive regime.
China has refused to recognize the North Korean defectors as refugees as stipulated by the U.N. Convention relating to the Status of Refugees in 1951.
It states refugees are people who cannot return to their homeland due to fear of being persecuted for “reasons of race, religion, nationality and membership of a particular social group or political opinion.”
Citing the economic slowdown in North Korea since the 1990s, Beijing has expressed concern that the North Koreans might exploit the convention merely to escape poverty and stay in China.
“We're handling those who broke a law here just like the way South Korea does,” Hua said.
They said the foreign ministries of Seoul and Beijing have been working closely to resolve issues involving North Korean asylum seekers.
Improved relations
Analysts speculate that China is maintaining its hard-line policy against the defectors as a way to improve relations with Pyongyang amid a recent thaw of their strained political ties.
“China has remained unchanged in its stubborn policy against North Korean asylum seekers for years,” said Park Won-gon, an international relations professor at Handong University. “But it nowadays has a strong reason to underscore such a policy because it wants to move forward in its relations with internationally isolated Pyongyang.”
Kim Yong-hyun, a professor of North Korea studies at Dongguk University, agreed.
“China can't simply agree with international demands and accept North Korean defectors as refugees because it would lead to an exodus of North Koreans and seriously damage Beijing-Pyongyang ties,” they said. “Beijing will also lose control over security on the border while it wants to be a major player in regional security.”
Acknowledging that Sino-Pyongyang ties had been frosty, Hua said China's “normal and stable” relations with North Korea will help set the stage for Pyongyang's denuclearization and contribute to regional peace.
They said North Korea is “displeased” with China's constant call for denuclearization and upset about Beijing's amicable relationship with South Korea.
Meanwhile, Park speculated that China is being cautious about provoking the U.N. amid growing international pressure against North Korea's state-perpetrated human rights abuses.
“I want to underscore the fact that China touched on its cooperation with South Korea, through which Beijing wants to show the world that it is a responsible member of the international community,” they said.
We've all been there, something is broken and you've gone through everything you can think of, checked all the configs, installed and reinstalled, googled and binged and it just wont work.. and then it dawns on you.. maybe it's the firewall? Well of course it is, it (almost) always is! So in the (probably futile) hope of heading off future firewall blaming, here's a collection of handy firewall tutorial guides for various platforms…
Linux/Unix Firewalls
IPTables
On pretty much every Linux box these days you will find iptables installed by default but it's not exactly user friendly when it comes to configuring, however it is certainly worth learning the basics before heading for the easy(ish) front-ends mentioned further down this page. So here are some general iptables guides for you to wrap your brain around:
[Security Scanning Tools]
From the CentOS wiki we have this very useful getting started guide.
If Ubuntu is more to your liking, they too have an excellent ‘how to‘ guide for iptables.
If you still need more than you can find a load of useful iptables examples on nixCraft.
Besides the vanilla iptables there are a number of scripts/addons out there which provide a simpler interface and/or extend the functionality or at the very least simplify the creation of much more advanced iptables configurations.
CSF – A Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) firewall, Login/Intrusion Detection and Security application for Linux servers.
CSF is popular with cPanel servers (and other web based server management panels) but certainly doesn't require one and it does quite a lot of useful stuff besides just creating iptables rules.
How To Install and Configure Config Server Firewall (CSF) on Ubuntu
Basic CentOS / RedHat 6 Server Hardening / csf install / epel install
[Antivirus Tools for Techs]
Firestarter – a graphical interface for quickly configuring firewall rules and settings. No longer in active development but still a fully functional graphical interface to make your iptables life easier.
Firestarter from the Ubuntu wiki.
A Quick Tutorial from the official site.
UFW – Uncomplicated Firewall is the default firewall configuration tool for Ubuntu which is designed to make working with iptables simpler, even on the command line. For those who prefer a graphical interface there is also Gufw.
UFW Guide
How to Install and Configure UFW – An Un-complicated FireWall in Debian/Ubuntu
Shorewall – a gateway/firewall configuration tool for GNU/Linux.
Configure Firewall Using Shorewall Under RHEL / CentOS
How to Shorewall on Debian
pfSense – an open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD. pfSense is generally installed on a full computer to make a dedicated firewall device. It comes with a web interface and all the features you'd expect from a firewall device.
Getting Started
Building a pfSense Firewall
pfSense on Reddit – yes it even has its very own subreddit.
[CommitCRM Review]
Windows Firewalls
Windows Firewall from start to finish
How to Install Comodo Firewall
Getting started survival guide for Comodo Free Internet Security Premium Version
The Complete Guide To Set Up and Use ZoneAlarm Firewall On Your PC
Hopefully you will find the above guides useful and no longer have to blame the firewall when things go wrong. (blame SELinux instead 😉 )
One of Manila's most prestigious universities is about to get gender-neutral restrooms for its students and staff.
The Lyceum of the Philippines University (LPU) approved the construction of two-gender neutral toilets at its Manila campus.
The approval came at the request on LPU KASARIAN, a recently founded LGBTI student organisation at the university.
LPU KASARIAN was established to ‘champion equality of all genders and to acknowledge the rights of the LGBT community that continuously grows in time'.
Its founder and president Dencio Pedere Arcadio took to Facebook to express their excitement with the decision.
‘Spread the good news friends and family,' they wrote.
‘[This is] One big step for a more open-minded and a more embracive LPU.'
Arcadio said this was an important move forward for LGBTI rights on campus.
‘[I] believe that having a gender-neutral restroom is one way to achieve our goal – that is, gender equality – as well as to eradicate or minimize discrimination and bullying,' Arcadio told the Rappler.
LGBTI rights recognised
Founded in 1952, the LPU boasts current Filipino President Rodrigo R. Duterte as one of its notable alumni.
In September last year the Ateneo de Davao University in Davao City also installed a gender-neutral restroom.
Its president, Father Joel Taborato said it was to ‘increase understanding and respect for the human needs and sensitivities of all'.
‘The dialogue, I pray, shall foster greater insight into and understanding of the LGBT community and the needs of others who interact with it, even as I already initiate certain changes in the management of our physical plant,' they said.
I'd like to begin by stating, for the record, that I am an unabashed Jem fan. I always had a great time coming along for the ride when Jem and the Holograms were performing, helping others and counterbalancing the snarky attempts to be knocked out of popularity by The Misfits. Also, as an existing fan of other Sunbow Entertainment-produced shows (The Transformers [Generation 1] and G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero), Jem operated in a very familiar visual space for me.
Samantha Newark, who was Jem's speaking voice—more on that later—has graced me with a few moments of time to answer some of my truly, truly outrageous questions. Here we go…
What type of voice work had you already done before you were hired to speak for Jem?
I had only just started to audition for voice-over work. I had a brand-new agent that had a voice department and had never been in that world until I was signed with them After auditioning for a few things, I booked a public service spot, which I don't remember what it was but most likely playing a teenager and then I read for Jem and booked the lead, which was pretty amazing. Although I do consider that a lucky break I had been working in the industry since I was 7 years old professionally so it had already been many years of paying dues so to speak.
As many fans already know, you spoke Jem's lines—and another performer, Britta Phillips, sang the songs in the show. Much like how Ming-Na Wen spoke and Lea Salonga sang the lead parts in Disney's feature Mulan. Was there any interaction between you and Britta during the recordings for the show?
Yes you are right, there are two of us that brought Jem to life.
They matched the speaking voices to the singers that were already cast and recorded music and voice-overs on two different coasts. The music was all recorded written and produced in New York and Atlanta and the voice actors were cast and recorded in Burbank California. Britta and I never did get an opportunity to meet while doing the show. We finally did at Jemcon (a convention entirely dedicated to Jem and the Holograms www.jemcon.org) we were both invited as guests that year for our work on Jem and finally got to meet each other in person, it was pretty cool.
Here's the obligatory question: What's your favorite episode of the series—and why?
Oh goodness, I don't know if I can even choose just one, there are favorites of mine for different reasons. I love some of the more emotional ones that were brave enough to delve into drug abuse and the death of Jerrica and Kimber's Mom. For a cartoon, they really explored some heavy stuff and did it really beautifully. I loved the one where I got to play an imposter Jem that is totally out of control and misbehaves like Pizzaz. Then there are episodes that I really enjoy because of the other actor's work like Patricia (Albrecht) as Pizzaz.
You were also on The Transformers a few times. Can you share you experiences of working on that other iconic Sunbow show?
Yes, it is pretty cool to be a part of the Transformers brand. I was invited to do three different roles on the original Gen 1 Transformers cartoon. I didn't get to record ensemble with the other actors like we did on Jem, as the roles I did on Transformers were not anything as extensive as my work on the Jem series. If memory serves the recording was done maybe directly after a Jem session while they still had me in studio or when I came in to do Pick-ups on Jem they had me jump ship and it was basically just myself and director Wally Burr in the booth knocking it out together.
Dan Gilvezan's book, Bumblebee & Me: Life as a G1 Transformer, shares interesting tales about recording under the direction of Wally Burr (voice director on both shows). How were your experiences with Mr. Burr—especially as the principal character?
I feel so blessed and honored to have worked so closely with Wally on Jem. It was an incredible opportunity as I was just getting my feet wet in the voice-over world. I'm really proud of the work I did with him. They were so clever and so warm and people say they were a bit of a taskmaster but I loved how they were involved in every way and amazed how they knew every line and never missed a thing, so good at what they do and continues to do to this day directing much animation still. I can't thank them enough for believing in me as Jem and Jerrica.
It seems like we're living in a live-action renaissance of ‘80s Hasbro properties. You're going to be in the new, live-action, Jem feature film! I'm sure most of it is hush-hush, but is your appearance fanservice, like Stan Lee in the current Marvel films, or do you have a meaty scene or two?
Yes I am in the new movie and thank director Jon Chu for caring enough about the show and the wonderful fans to invite me to be a part of. It was a pretty surreal and special day on that movie set. I'm not allowed to say what I did in the movie; I just hope that everyone will support this new imagining of Jem and the awesome new cast.
How do you feel about Aubrey Peeples (who is awesome as a country singing ingénue with a dash of All About Eve, on ABC's Nashville) inheriting Jem's big star-shaped earrings for the upcoming film?
I'm actually a fan of theirs from the show Nashville and when we met on the set, I told them that and they said “Oh my goodness, you probably hate me” and of course I reassured them that I didn't–and that it was super cool that they were not being typecast. It's great that they can go from their mean girl role on Nashville to the sweetest role ever of Jem and Jerrica. I think they are precious, and so talented, and beautiful–as are the other girls–and I'm genuinely rooting for them
I really enjoyed your vocals on that techno-poppy cover of Hall & Oates' “I Can't Go For That.” What other musical endeavors of yours can fans load up their iPods with?
Yes, that was really fun to do those dance remakes of classic Hall and Oates. I've done so much stuff, hard to know where to start but I have two original albums available on my official websitewww.samanthanewark.com and if people want to cruise around my YouTube channel I have lot's of live video and also vocals I've done for TV/Film and Games.
What types of Jem-related memorabilia do you love the most? Dolls? Coloring books? Animation cels?
I'm starting to get a bit of a lovely collection, I just got an actual Rockin' Roadster from a fan and I seem to be the only cast member that bought myself a JEM cast jacket back when we did the show. I still have it; it's a beautiful black satin Jem jacket with pink lining and the colorful Jem logo embroidered on the back and my name on the front. That for sure is a treasure as well as many of my original Jem scripts I kept. The Jem community also gifted me for my Birthday last year one of the beautiful new Jem dolls from Integrity/Hasbro. They are not cheap and the fans took it upon themselves in secret to pool their money together and buy me one and then present it to me – I'm still floored and touched deeply by that amazing gift of kindness.
What are you up to these days–and where can the fans keep updated with your current and upcoming projects?
My schedule is up on my official website and is constantly being updated.
I'm staying pretty busy traveling around the country and internationally to different fan conventions to meet the Truly outrageous Jem and Transformers fans in person. I just finished working on a brand new animated short film called “HG Chicken” by really talented animation master Mike Salva with a cast that includes Bobcat Goldthwait, Jonathan Katz, Maria Bamford & Todd Barry as well as Horror film directors Lloyd Kaufman and Herschell Gordon Lewis and other swell folks.
I'm also performing with the amazingly talented Pink Floyd tribute band Bricks in the Wall. Based in Dallas, It's an epic production with the whole laser light show and I'm one of 3 female backup singers bringing Great Gig and other iconic tunes to Pink Floyd fans. We tour regionally and it really is the sights and sounds of Pink Floyd we have some big shows coming up this summer.
I'm also working on brand-new music for my next solo record with producer Dave Polich so keeping pretty busy but I love it!
A big shout out of thanks to Samantha for taking the time to talk with me about their adventures and behind-the-scenes remembrances of Jem and the Holograms—and to get us all caught up on their current life of music and the fans out there showing their love and supporting their appearances on the con circuit. If there's the equivalent of a Brony for Jem—I'm it. Show's over, Uncle Maffy…
During the festive days, we come across a hundred and more ads luring us to buy one thing and getting another (more significant and pricey) stuff free! And most of us do fall a prey to this marketing trick. But ever heard that “buy diamonds and get a (real) Bentley free”? I am not joking buddy but let me be more precise (unlike the ads). You must buy a set of four Asanti diamond-encrusted wheels, and you'll get a Bentley GT on the house. Asanti may not be a name you know right off the top of your head but it is the elite sub brand of luxury wheel maker Lexani. The 22 inch wheels can be ordered with sapphires, rubies or any other gem a prospective owner desires. Priced at a stupefying amount of $1 million, are you wondering who would even think of buying them? Well they have sold a set to rap music mogul Master P and who has helped them with the designing part too.
So if you wanna make your car stand out then Asanti is the answer. Just make sure that you have place for a new Bentley in your garage. And also don't forget to check your latest bank balance amount.
Source
In a photo provided by the Texas Department of Public Safety the wreckage of a pickup truck is seen after it crahed into trees In Goliad County Texas Sunday July 22, 2012. The single vehicle crash in rural South Texas killed at least 11 people and injured 12 others, all passengers in the truck. (AP Photo/Texas Department of Public Safety)
GOLIAD, Texas (AP) — At least 11 people died Sunday and another 12 were injured after a pickup truck loaded with passengers left the highway and crashed into trees in rural South Texas, authorities said.
State troopers and Goliad County sheriff's investigators were investigating what prompted the single-vehicle crash and did not immediately know the names and ages of the victims. Gerald Bryant, a spokesperson for the Texas Department of Public Safety, told The Associated Press they were various ages and that they personally saw two young children among the dead at the scene.
"This is the most people I've seen in any passenger vehicle, and I've been an officer for 38 years," Bryant said, referring to the chaotic scene.
The white 2000 Ford F-250 pickup was heading north on U.S. 59 on Sunday evening when it traveled off the right side of the highway near the unincorporated community of Berclair in Goliad County and struck two large trees, Bryant said. The 23 people were loaded inside both the truck's cab and bed.
Six of those who died were still inside the truck when emergency crews arrived to find the mangled vehicle, Bryant said.
They said several of the surviving victims had life-threatening injuries. They did not have their official conditions but described them as "very serious." The injured were taken to various hospitals in San Antonio, Victoria and Corpus Christi. Berclair is about 100 miles southeast of San Antonio.
Border Patrol will assist with the investigation.
"It's unknown whether or not (the victims) were illegal, but it's possible," Bryant told the AP.
Crash investigators stayed at the scene into the late hours Sunday to assess the crash, which halted traffic on U.S. 59.
"It's been very chaotic here, and it's very traumatic," Bryant told the San Antonio-Express News earlier from the scene. "It's only first responders out here, and it's very solemn."
A Goliad County sheriff's dispatcher deferred comment to a department spokesperson, who did not immediately return a message left by the AP.
Updated at 5:02 p.m.
Amtrak officials said riders on its Baltimore to Washington line should anticipate delays of at least an hour or more Thursday evening because of an earlier problem that's plagued the line all day with downed wires.
Just before 5 p.m., officials said they were operating trains on two of the three tracks that run in that area, but it was still limiting the capacity. In the early afternoon about 12 trains, carrying roughly 1,500 passengers between D.C. and Philadelphia were stuck in delays, officials said.
The wires went down in the Bowie area and officials said they believe they became knocked down as a train passed through the area. The wires power the trains.
Amtrak said they expect to have the situation resolved this evening and are “optimistic” that there will be no delays in the Friday morning commute.
On MARC, it canceled three of its trains in the evening that run between Baltimore and Washington and another train, leaving Washington that was to carry roughly 450 passengers, was expected to be late.
Updated at 4:26 p.m.
Amtrak said crews are working to make temporary repairs to the “overhead wiring system” in the area of Bowie, where downed wires have caused delays all day on its route between Baltimore and Washington.
In a news release, Amtrak said, “congestion-related delays are to be expected throughout the evening rush hour as we work toward full restoration of service.”
Updated at 3:47 p.m.
Amtrak and MARC restored some service on their lines between Baltimore and Washington Thursday afternoon after an earlier problem of downed wires along the tracks.
Just after 3 p.m., Amtrak said service on its Northeast line had “resumed in a limited capacity” between D.C. and Baltimore. Crews were continuing to work on restoring service as quickly as possible, but riders should expect delays in the evening rush hour.
MARC officials said in a Twitter message around 3:30 p.m. that there would be partial service on its Penn Line.
Updated 12:43 p.m.
A spokesperson for MARC said it was still not clear when service on the Penn line, which runs between Baltimore and Washington, would be restored as crews worked to deal with downed power lines on the track.
“We're hoping to have [service] back,” before the evening rush hour, said Paul Shepard, a spokesperson with the Maryland Transit Administration. They said the MTA is still investigating how the wires came down on the tracks.
Updated at 10:56 a.m.
MARC and Amtrak trains that run between the Baltimore area and Washington have been suspended until further notice because of a problem with downed wires.
A MARC spokesperson said it was unclear how long the service will be suspended on its Penn line that runs between Washington and Perryville.
Metro is honoring the tickets of MARC passengers on its rail line. Buses, provided by MARC services, are in route to help riders get around. The buses will be at Baltimore-Washington International Airport, Odenton and the New Carrollton stations.
MARC officials said they did not know why the wires were down. Service on MARC's Camden line is not impacted.
PHOTO MT “@MonikaOn9: Marc and #AMTRAK trains btwn Union St and Baltimore suspended due to wires down @mtamaryland” pic.twitter.com/D54D5UcWjm — Brad Freitas (@NewsChopperBrad) April 3, 2014
Original post at 10:25 a.m.
Train traffic on MARC's Penn Line is stopped in both directions until Amtrak can determine the extent of problems with downed wires, according to the Maryland Transit Administration. MTA officials said Train 523 from Perryville tore down wires near the Bowie station.
Metro is honoring all MARC tickets.
Bitcoin Breaking News Brief FTC Settles With Butterfly Labs for $38 Million
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has reported the Bitcoin miner manufacturer Butterfly Labs has negotiated a settlement concerning the defunct company's operations. The officials say that Sonny Vleisides, Jody Drake, and Nasser Ghoseiri deceived the public with its products availability and profitability.
Also read: itBit to Expand Blockchain Operations Abroad
Butterfly Labs Agrees to Settle but Judgment Will be Suspended
Butterfly Labs management has decided to settle with the Trade Commission for partially suspended monetary judgments. This means at the time the three cannot pay the settlement fees which are for over $38 million dollars. Vleisides' and BFL must pay $19,000 to have the court judgments suspended for a period of time. The FTC says, “the judgments were suspended based on the defendant's' inability to pay, but will become due should the defendants be found to have misrepresented their financial condition.” Jody Drake was fined $135,878 which will go under suspension when they surrender all the Bitcoins obtained with BFL machines. Jessica Rich, Director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection, stated in the announcement:
“Even in the fast-moving world of virtual currencies like Bitcoin, companies can't deceive people about their products. These settlements will prevent the defendants from misleading consumers.”
The FTC says in its original complaint that Butterfly Labs had charged customers thousands of dollars for machines that failed to deliver on time and in performance. Many consumers had received machines that were months late, and the commission reports some didn't get devices at all. The press release explains, “the settlements also resolve charges that the defendants failed to disclose that they were using the machines for themselves before delivering them, and that they kept consumers' up-front payments even after failing to deliver machines as promised.” Furthermore, the defendants also made claims about the products which were not accurate whenever questioned by customers.
Now the defendants must follow a new procedure in the Bitcoin manufacturing industry and are prohibited from taking up-front payments. Products must be delivered in thirty days, and if they fail to deliver then, refunds must be issued. This is only if Vleisides, Drake, and Ghoseiri decide to manufacture machines again which is possible if they choose to do so. The FTC voted on approving the stipulated final orders by 4-0. Stipulated final orders have the force of law when approved and signed by the District Court judge.
The company's offices were closed, but Butterfly Labs website is still up and running at press time. The company has been under intense scrutiny from the Bitcoin community since its inception in 2012. BFL said they produced, “a line of high-speed encryption processors for use in bitcoin mining, research, telecommunication and security applications,” but failed to deliver. Now the commission says the management under Vleisides leadership will not be able to mislead customers anymore. They also say that if the defendants misrepresented their financial condition, they would be forced to pay the judgement immediately.
What do you think about Butterfly Lab's settlement? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Pixbay, and Amazon
The hysteria shown at town hall meetings this summer is simply the tip of an outpouring of organized hostility to government that is unparalleled in our history. We have had wildly emotional opposition movements in the past—red scares, nativist riots, anti-Catholic and anti-Semite outbreaks. And there are some parallels with past forms of extremism. People who think Obama is a Muslim are like anti-New Dealers who thought Roosevelt a Jew or John Birchers who thought Eisenhower a Communist.
But there was a kind of crazy consistency in those old causes (if they can be called that). The institutional Catholic Church was officially anti-democratic in the past, and the United States was falsely thought to be a Christian nation. The John Birch Society was fanatically anti-Communist, but most Americans were at least strongly anti-Communist. There were always emotional roots behind the formal position of the extremists. Richard Hofstadter found status anxiety and anti-intellectualism in the right-wing extremism of the 1950s.
Now, however, there is a deeply panicky combination of pathologies—racist, xenophobic, fundamentalist—screaming about death camps and euthanasia and baby-killers and 9/11 conspiracies (by the “truthers”). Every aspect of our present government is considered illegitimate. Some look at our leaders and recognize nothing of themselves in them. They see a black man as president and cannot even consider them a citizen, a Christian, a sane man—he must be a Muslim, a Nazi, a Hitler. They see a Latina on the Supreme Court. They see a woman as secretary of state. They see a black attorney general. This is not America.
The John Birch Society was at least focused on communism. The new emotions raging have no focus, just an infection and mutual reinforcement of nameless fears. This is less the pushing of a political position too far than a multiple-sourced and violent nervous breakdown, a St. Vitus dance from the Middle Ages. Bircher “extremism” was mild compared to these anguished roilings. People feel betrayed, robbed of their country. The waving of the Constitution at the town halls had nothing to do with constitutional arguments. It was a way of saying, “Give us back what we thought our country was all about.” Extremism is normally a protest against what is seen as rapid change. But the changes these frightened people think they see are not rapid, they are monstrous.
How serious is this new hysteria? It is hard to say. It is normally remarked that only “the fringes” hold beliefs like the birther-deather nonsense. That is probably true. But the willingness of others to entertain these fantasies—in a recent survey, 42 percent of Republicans said that Obama was born outside the US— is also a new thing. There is nothing opponents can do about most of this. In the past, extremism was checked by people who were partly or nominally on the side of the extremists. Barry Goldwater dissociated their 1964 campaign from the John Birch Society. William F. Buckley rebuked the anti-Semites on the right. On the other side, there were plenty of liberals who denounced the Weather Underground or the Black Panthers.
But now supposedly responsible Republican leaders, commentators, and members of congress—Iowa Senator Charles Grassley and Arizona Representative Trent Franks—encourage the citizenship and euthanasia screamers. A recent vice-presidential nominee endorses the death panels myth. There is little or no determination to dissociate the right in general from the right-wing fringes. Why is this? Partly, I suppose, the Republican Party has shrunk so drastically that it feels it cannot cut away any supporters. This is the opposite of what was said about the banks, that they were too big to be allowed to fail. The birthers are too small to be allowed to fail. Everyone must be kept in the camp if there is to be a camp at all.
This situation cannot be reversed until and unless the Republican Party begins to recognize that keeping these people in the camp will destroy the camp, that the party cannot pretend to respect and responsibility before the electorate so long as they coddle the crazies. Barry Goldwater was considered an extremist in their day, but their movement went on to prevail for a time because they did not temporize with Birchers, anti-Semites, or religious fanatics.
William F. Buckley became an influential supporter of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan because they were willing to free their movement from fringes like the John Birch Society, the anti-Semitic Liberty Lobby, the Ayn Rand objectivists, the anti-fluoride kooks, and other exotic specimens. That is the price of full participation in our national politics. It is a price the current Republican Party is unwilling to pay.
In Ms. Simon's view, “Museums should prioritize providing opportunities for visitors to engage in ways that are familiar and comfortable to them” — and that means using cameras.
Some museums, in apparent agreement with Ms. Simon, have liberalized their photo policies in recent years; others have decided to ease up on enforcement of existing policies.
But the need to balance competing interests can make even liberal photo policies seem cumbersome. At the Getty Museum in Los Angeles, the photo policy, at nearly 150 words, distinguishes between permanent and changing exhibitions, between flash and nonflash photography, and between commercial and noncommercial purposes.
At the Indianapolis Museum of Art, the distinction between commercial and noncommercial is particularly important. Professional photographers are drawn to the gardens surrounding the museum as backdrops for wedding, engagement and graduation pictures. It got to the point that “everywhere you went there was a photo shoot,” according to Anne Young, the museum's rights and reproductions coordinator.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
So last year, the museum introduced a policy requiring professional photographers to buy passes ($50 a day or $250 for the year) before they can shoot at the museum. More than 300 passes were sold in the last year, Ms. Young said, and the gardens are less crowded and less prone to wear and tear.
There are also guidelines for nonprofessional photographers. In a blog entry announcing the new policy, Ms. Young took a light approach, even including a photo of visitors brazenly climbing a famous Robert Indiana sculpture. “If you want to see our objects conservator have a coronary, then by all means continue climbing on the artworks,” Ms. Young wrote. In fact, people climbing on the sculpture had begun to erode its surface, they said.
Flash photography is another point of contention. Ms. Hawley and others said research showed that repeated flashes can damage works on paper. But not everyone agrees.
Mervin Richard, chief of conservation at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, which has long permitted flash photography, said they had personally examined studies of the effects of light exposure on art and concluded there was little risk. Fears that flashes damage art, they said, are left over “from the days when people used flashbulbs, which could actually explode.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Then there is the problem of intellectual property. A temporary museum exhibition may include pieces from different lenders, each with its own stipulations. That is why many museums distinguish, when it comes to allowing photography, between pieces they own and pieces on loan.
But at the Brooklyn Museum, even that distinction has been erased whenever possible. Several years ago, the museum began to incorporate language allowing photography into lender and artist agreements, to make as many shows as possible available to photograph. On its Web site, the museum invites visitors not only to take pictures, but to post them on Flickr.
Ms. Simon at the Santa Cruz museum applauds the Brooklyn museum's policy. “I think it is unreasonable for museums that own their collections (as the Gardner does) to disallow photography,” they wrote in an e-mail. But at the Gardner, Ms. Hawley is standing their ground. Photography, they said, “just destroys the intimate and meditative experience that was meant to happen here.”
The Bureau of Land Management is beginning a four year planning process to set a strategy for over 10 million acres of BLM land across a vast section of southwest Alaska. The Bering Sea Western Interior planning area runs from the coast up the Kuskokwim to Nikolai and follows the Yukon River up to Grayling.
The resource management plan lays out management goals, and rules for how people use the lands. BLM staff will be out in communities to hear about current uses of lands. Jorjena Daly is the Resource Management Plan lead for BLM.
“All the issues, concerns, and opportunities that we hear from the public during the scoping period will help set the sideboards essentially or the topics we will eventually address in our land use planning document,” said Daly.
The first meetings are set for in Lower and Upper Kalskag on Friday. Bethel's meeting will be November 20th. The process also includes a close look at subsistence resources. BLM specifically issues permits for subsistence moose hunts in unit 21E around Anvik and in 22A around the Eastern Norton Sound. Daly says BLM wants to hear from residents experiences.
“[For example] what changes are effecting or might effect in the future the way the public fishes and hunts on those lands. What changes people would like to see around them, and how BLM can manage those resources in the future,” said Daly.
Legislation in ANCSA allows the secretary of the Interior to withdraw and reserve lands, in effect closing areas to mining or mineral leasing. Two major sections of so called D-1 lands cover about 6 million acres. The agency is required to exam those withdrawals during the process.
“And when we do this we determine through public involvement if there is a valid need to retain the withdrawals,” said Daly. “And then what we do is essentially make a recommendation on whether to lift the withdrawals and modify them in some way.”
Scoping goes through January 17th. The next two years will include drafting the plan. It will include and Environmental Impact Statement detailing positive and negative impacts of management alternatives. The final plan should be ready in 2017. The planning website can be accessed here.
Rep Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffTech takes heat as anti-vaxers go viral Demands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara: It would seem 'odd and unusual' if Mueller report isn't made public MORE (D-Calif.) on Sunday cast doubt on President Trump's description of a dinner with former FBI Director James Comey.
“Well, the difficulty, and I look at this as former prosecutor, can you prove obstruction based on the president's own words when we don't know whether we can believe this president?” Schiff told CBS's “Face the Nation.”
Schiff, who is leading the House Intelligence Committee's investigation into Russia's attempts to interfere in the election along with Rep. Mike Conaway (R-Texas), said if tapes of Comey's conversations with Trump exist, as the president has suggested, then Congress should obtain them.
“If there are tapes, of course, that would be the best evidence of what took place. If they exist, Congress needs to get them. If they're not provided willingly, Congress should subpoena them,” said Schiff.
The president threatened Comey on Twitter early Friday morning, saying the former FBI head “better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press!”
In a recent interview, the president also claimed that Comey told them during a January dinner that they were not under investigation by the bureau.
Last Thursday, a report emerged saying Trump asked Comey to pledge their loyalty to them during the dinner, which Comey refused to do.
"The Court has no reason to expect a different result in a subsequent trial given the totality of the evidence that the parties have provided," Haikala wrote.
Parker slammed 58-year-old Sureshbhai Patel down face first during a suspicious person investigation in February in a Huntsville suburb. The incident was recorded on cameras inside patrol vehicles and Patel was injured in the takedown.
Parker has testified that Patel tried to pull away from him, indicating they may have been up to no good.
RELATED: Indian Grandfather Paralyzed After Encounter With Alabama Police
Patel has said through an interpreter that they don't speak English and couldn't understand officers' orders.
Haikala said in their opinion that based on their training, Parker had to consider that Patel might have said that to evade officers.
Parker had testified that Patel's actions and appearance were "in sequence" with those of a burglar. They told jurors Patel tried walking away and wouldn't answer questions when officers approached him. Parker has said they were suspicious when Patel reached for their pockets and when they pulled one of their hands free during a pat-down.
RELATED: Alabama Gov. Apologizes for Cop's 'Excessive Force' That Injured Indian Grandfather
Patel wasn't armed and suffered a spinal injury when they were thrown down face-first on a lawn. During the first trial, Parker said they lost their balance and fell on top of the man.
Jurors watched police video that shows an officer knocking Patel's legs out from under them and pushing them face-first to the ground. Patel said their arms and legs went numb after the impact, and they could not stand on their own. Parker's colleagues had given conflicting testimony on whether the takedown violated department policy or was necessary.
Rep. Ben Ray Luján's (D-N.M.) path to a Democratic House majority starts with making voters see that they can trust the Democratic Party again.
Democrats gained just six House seats in the 2016 elections, when almost everything went wrong for the party.
States such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin slipped away at the presidential level for the first time in decades. In the six months after Election Day, the Democratic Party's favorability rating fell 5 points in Gallup polling.
ADVERTISEMENT
With President Trump's favorability in the dumps amid historic midterm trends that favor the party out of power, the Democrats see a chance to take back the House with what they say is the largest field of winnable seats in a decade.
But Luján, the chairperson of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC), believes that the party needs to restore its image before it stands any chance of taking back the House.
“A lot of this is who I am — if you don't earn back the trust with people you lost it with, how can you expect to mend fences and to do better going forward? It's not going to work,” Luján told The Hill in a wide-ranging interview from their DCCC office.
“You need to get to know folks — if that relationship or that faith has been shaken, you need to restore it, you need to repair it, you need to earn it back. And we are not going to say, ‘Just because we are Democrats, we earned your trust back.' We have work to do.”
Luján isn't the first to diagnose the Democratic messaging problem. Democrats have twisted in the wind for months since the 2016 defeat trying to settle on a new message.
This week bore the first major fruits of the party's effort with its “A Better Deal” plan, a platform meant to refocus the party around economic issues and a message to voters that goes beyond attacks on Trump.
The plan, unveiled in vulnerable Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock's northern Virginia district, focuses on policies such as raising wages, fighting job losses from outsourcing and “unfair” trade deals, protecting entitlements, lowering prescription drug costs, targeting monopolies and promoting long-term economic growth.
Notably, the plan never mentions Trump. While their polarizing presidency dominates Washington chatter and cable news, Luján said that the party has to go further than just criticizing Trump.
“We need to concentrate on focusing on the American people,” they said.
“The narrative around the president is going to be commanded by them nationally — right now, he's the one talking about impeachment, he's the one talking about the Russia investigation, he's the one talking about all this stuff. We don't need to; he's doing it for us.”
Luján pointed to their modest childhood in New Mexico, where their family grew their own food on a small farm, as proof that Democratic values can resonate with voters beyond the coasts if they are willing to make the pitch.
The DCCC has pulled in a variety of perspectives to help shape the message and the strategy. The group has conducted focus groups with voters in Michigan, California, Pennsylvania and Georgia. The party has also held high-level meetings with representatives of diverse Democratic interests, including EMILY's List, End Citizens United, Vote Vets and former staffers from Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's (I-Vt.) presidential campaign.
Luján said he's also spoken with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, a former DCCC chairperson who masterminded the last Democratic House takeover in 2006. The current chairperson emphasized that while there may be some intraparty squabbles along the way, a “broad coalition” is the only path to a majority in the House.
The DCCC declared the House in play in June after a disappointing loss in Georgia's marquee special election, releasing a detailed memo that cited Trump's approval rating and historic trends as proof that Democrats could clinch the House majority.
Luján's DCCC office is adorned with maps of the dismal 2016 vote and the party's expanded battleground map. Written in marker next to the maps, a count notes that the DCCC has so far spoken with 380 candidates in 95 districts — part of an effort to flood GOP-held districts with candidates.
A bevy of candidates could be a double-edged sword for Democrats, with a handful of competitive districts already seeing five or more Democratic challengers. Luján and their senior staff see crowded primaries as a sign of enthusiasm, but that dynamic also sets the stage for brutal primary fights — or at least ones that could sap the eventual nominees' resources.
Asked how the DCCC will decide whether to wade into crowded primaries, executive director Dan Sena noted that the party has a history of backing candidates in “jungle” primaries — elections in states like Georgia and California where the top two candidates move on to a general election regardless of party affiliation, and where one party can conceivably be shut out of a general election.
But they added that, with the majority on the line, the party is open to picking sides in more traditional Democratic primaries, too, a decision that could ruffle feathers with Democrats who feel shut out by the party establishment.
“I think if we have candidates who have the ability to win general elections, I think we are open to engaging in primaries,” Sena said.
“We are here to win races, and when we have great general election candidates, I don't think we'll be bashful about engaging.”
Democrats have seen the landscape bend their way over the past few months. The party has a 9-point lead on a generic congressional ballot, according to RealClearPolitics, while Trump's approval rating continues to languish.
Democratic special election candidates running in red districts have outperformed compared to previous years in 2017's special elections, but the party still hasn't flipped a seat. Those high-profile losses have given Republicans a jolt of enthusiasm and evidence to prove their rivals are still far from turning “the resistance” to Trump into a political windfall.
But the DCCC is brushing aside concerns about those special election losses and any negatives related to primary showdowns.
“I'd rather have the challenge of more energy than not any energy,” Luján said.
“And when you see the number of candidates that we have out there, that's a direct correlation to the energy that we've seen.”
A report by The Washington Post stokes fears among illegal immigrants and Muslims living in the country, claiming that President-Elect Donald Trump's incoming immigration policies have “increased fear.”
The piece, which focuses primarily on the left-wing Prince George's County in Maryland, says that schoolchildren fear being deported by the incoming Trump administration, using quotes from an open borders advocate to stoke deportation hysteria:
George Escobar, senior director of human services at CASA, an advocacy group, said school efforts are important, with some immigrants and advocates on edge. “There is a vague, ominous negative feeling that something is going to happen,” they said. “We're in a very difficult moment right now. It's a dark cloud over all of us.”
The Washington Post also characterized the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency as conducting “aggressive” raids of illegal immigrants:
The schools chief in Prince George's County recently warned educators that more students might be absent from class or struggle with increased fear amid what some see as stepped-up federal enforcement actions against immigrants. Kevin Maxwell wrote that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers have been increasingly aggressive in their arrests of those facing deportation in Maryland, based on information from the public defender's office. They gave principals and staff advice about talking to worried families and highlighted details about federal policy.
The piece fear-mongers about the deportation of illegal immigrants in a Trump immigration plan, but also states that President Obama is conducting similar actions.
“Many are scared that Trump — who put illegal immigration at the center of their campaign — will ramp up deportation efforts, already significant during the Obama administration,” the Post notes.
ICE, which is tasked with deporting individuals living in the country illegally, was again painted as an “aggressive”, military-style deportation unit:
The Maryland Office of the Public Defender cited a more aggressive approach by ICE in making arrests in and near courtrooms in Montgomery and Prince George's counties in recent months. The arrests, in a handful of cases, have come while defendants were at court on criminal matters unrelated to their immigration status, said Melissa Rothstein, the office's director of policy and development. Rothstein also noted that the public defender's office received a recent report that after 150 to 200 people showed up at an ICE office in Baltimore in response to letters that called them in for an “interview,” some were taken into ICE custody. The scale of the enforcement action was larger than others the office had heard about before, they said.
Escobar, the same open borders advocate cited earlier was quoted again, saying they are outraged that ICE officials are “enthusiastic” over the Trump immigration plan:
“Are we seeing more enthusiastic ICE officers? Unfortunately, we've seen that all year,” Escobar said. “Unfortunately, people get deported and detained on a daily basis.” They said they think that, after Trump's victory, public awareness is up, with many people “looking at ICE with a watchful eye.”
Trump has promised to deport violent criminal illegal immigrants before taking on the task of dealing with a potential 30-plus million illegal immigration population in the U.S.
Among other things, Trump plans to enforce E-Verify, which makes it entirely illegal for domestic businesses to hire illegal immigrants and is expected to pass an infrastructure bill that will help build a barrier along the southern border to end the surge of illegal immigration.
Trump's Department of Homeland Security (DHS) likely headed by General John Kelly, along with attorney general designee Jeff Sessions is expected to crack down on “sanctuary” policies across the country.
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Epic Games Night: in Space!
Friday 24th of May 2013 4pm - Midnight CSIT Building rooms N101, N102, N108, N109, N114, N115, N116 and N118
(CSIT Building is building #108 on ANU Maps) Facebook Event! Registering | Food | Sponsors | FAQ
What is it?
May 24, 4pm - Midnight, we will be taking over the lower level of CSIT for an awesome night of fun,
rage, and GAMES!
CSSA members get in for free, but sign-ups are welcome on the night for $5! So bring ALL your friends!!
Games! Here's a list of games you'll see on the night:
Super Smash Bros Brawl
Mario Kart
Starcraft 2
DotA 2
Tekken Tag Tournament 2 (and some other fighting
games)
games) Dance Central
FIFA
Halo
Teeworlds
Quake
Dominion (and some other boardgames)
Fruit Ninja
... and more!
Most of these will have tournaments, so keep an eye out for tournament registrations coming out very soon!
And now I bet you're wondering about the 'in Space!' bit on the subject line. Well!
We're mixing it up a bit this time around, and have decided to dress up CSIT in spacey things!
If you want to get involved, maybe you can dress yourself up in spacey things too! A prize may be involved!
Or, you can help us make decorations in the coming week. Just drop into the CSSA clubroom later in the
week to see what's there!
Of course, volunteers are always a big help to us on the night. If you'd like to lend your arms, ears, eyes, and whatever else to us for the night, please fill out this form.
If you are on facebook, please RSVP here, and share with all your friends
Entry is $5 and open to general public.
ANU CSSA Members can enter for free.
You don't have to join ANU CSSA, but It's included in the $5 Entry free, so we think you should.
We ask that everybody who attends signs in at the lobby. Their names will be entered into a competition to win a lucky door prize. It also helps us with security and get funding for future EGNs.
Frequently Asked Questions
1.I'm not a member of the cssa, can I come?
Yes. See Registering.
2. Can I bring my non-cssa friends?
Yes. See Registering.
. Feel free to bring everyone you know! :)
3. Whats the deal with food/snacks?
There will be snacks throughout the night.
There will be drinks on sale in the lobby.
We will be organising a pizza run during the night, please register your interest in the lobby before 5.30pm. See Catering for more details.
4. Can I enter in multiple competitions?
We please sign up for multiple competitions and let the organisers know, we will try and accommodate all requests to the best of our ability.
Catering/ Pizza
Pizza will be available to order on the night for a subsidised price of $5.
We'll be running 2 rounds of orders to make it easier for you to compete in tournaments.
Round 1 orders close at 5:30pm.
Round 2 orders close at 7:00pm.
And of course there will be drinks for sale, and free snacks and juice in the foyer!
Impact Comics
The Games Capital
Valve
Google
Revolution CD
Gametraders
Research School of Computer Science
Fenner Social Gaming
Jump to top of the page.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is scheduled to meet with United States President Donald Trump today in Washington, DC. The topic of the meeting is the ongoing NAFTA re-negotiations. Three key areas of contention are softwood lumber, supply management, and Bombardier.
Donald Trump was elected thanks in large part to rustbelt anger with the perception that America is getting the raw end of the deal in international trade deals. Progressive icon Michael Moore presciently stated that Trump would campaign hard in the rustbelt states of Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Trump swept the four states representing 64 electoral college votes. This was a dramatic turn of events as Barack Obama took the four states in both 2008 and 2012.
Supply Management
Changes to the supply management system are especially important for Trump to maintain their winning coalition. Wisconsin has the nickname of America's Dairyland as one of the country's largest dairy producers. Trump wants to win Wisconsin again in 2020 and obtaining greater access to the Canadian dairy market for American farmers would be a huge win piece in achieving that goal.
Changes to supply management should be relatively easy to agree to for the Canadian side. Canada already agreed to open the industries protected by the supply management scheme under the defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Agreeing to the same amount of market access under a re-negotiated NAFTA should be accepted by the impacted Canadian producers as long as the terms of compensation are the same as they were offered when the issue arose with the TPP.
Go Ad Free High quality content without ads is here with a 30 day ad-free trial.
After 30 days it's only $5 a month. Free Trial
Bombardier
The multiple subsidies and tax advantages that are given to Bombardier have led to the United States levying an 80% duty on the company's C-series planes. Trudeau may be able to leverage a planned purchase of fighter jets from Boeing in the negotiations. The most likely outcome on the aerospace file is a reduction in the duty applied on the Bombardier planes in question.
Softwood lumber has long been a sore point in Canada-U.S. trade relations and it first arose as a problem 35 years ago. The heart of the problem is stumpage fees. Stumpage fees are the amount that provinces charge companies to harvest the lumber in their jurisdiction. In the United States, the price for stumpage is set by the free market. In Canada, the provinces set the price for stumpage fees. The United States has long contended that Canadian stumpage fees are artificially low and are a de facto subsidy for the Canadian lumber industry.
There is room for Justin Trudeau's Liberals to craft a win on softwood lumber. If Canada opens the stumpage fees for some areas to market forces it will presumably provide increased revenue as the market-based stumpage fees will be higher than the existing fees. The incremental revenues can be used to pay for a transitional fund which will help impacted workers re-train.
Trudeau's meeting with Trump is crucially important for successful re-negotiations of NAFTA. Trump is known to be much more personable in the one-on-one meeting than their reality show persona. Trump and Trudeau have a positive working relationship. Hopefully, Trudeau uses the personal meeting to move Trump in the direction that helps Canada get the best possible deal in a re-negotiated NAFTA.
BENGALURU: Delhi-NCR (National Capital Region) has emerged as the leader is creating the highest number of jobs during the fourth quarter of the last fiscal, an ASSOCHAM study has found. The region generated over 2.6 lakh new jobs while a total of 8.5 lakh jobs were created in eight major new cities , the study said.Garnering over one-fourth share of the total number of new jobs generated across India, Delhi-NCR emerged on top with over 2.6 lakh new jobs created during January to March 2016, followed by Bengaluru (1.9 lakh), Mumbai (1.5 lakh), Chennai (82.2 thousand) and Hyderabad (60 thousand). About 88.9% of job openings have been recorded in these top five cities, said the ASSOCHAM placement study.“Among top metro cities, Delhi-NCR had maximum share of over 30.1% in job creation while Bengaluru witnessed a 23.4% contribution in job creation, followed by Mumbai with 18.6%," said D S Rawat, secretary general of ASSOCHAM.Other major cities that have recorded significant job openings during January to March 2016 are Pune (49.2 thousand), Kolkata (25.2 thousand) and Ahmedabad (20.5 thousand), highlighted the study.Information technology (IT), IT-enabled services (ITeS) and the IT hardware sector together accounted for a majority share of about 60.6% in the total number of new jobs generated across sectors during January – March 2016, while services has ranked second with 17.6% share followed by manufacturing (9.4%), banking, financial services & insurance (7.6%) and construction & real estate (3.2%) in total employment generation in July, says the chamber study.A total of over 8,50,000 lakhs new jobs were generated across India during the last quarter of 2016, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) said in a release.However, banking, construction, financial services, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), human resources (HR), manufacturing, advertising, event management, real estate, retail and telecom are the other sectors which created job opportunities during 2016.
While birding at Jamnagar on the New Year's eve, Mumbai-based wildlife biologist Shashank Dalvi spotted a Common Ringed Plover just an hour before dusk.
While for others it might have been the end of a typical birding day, for them it meant being the first Indian to not only successfully complete the prestigious "Big Year" challenge taken up by birders, but also record a whooping 1,128 birds in a calender year.
The "Big Year" is an informal competition initiated in the United States amongst birders to check who can record the maximum number of birds in a span of one calender year where birders follow the 'Birder Code of Honour' meaning that they will not cheat.
In 2013, the 32-year-old decided to take up the challenge in 2015. For this, they also had to quit their job and the entire 2014 was spent planning the itinerary.
"I travelled to some of the most beautiful birding hotspots in 22 states and union territories like Andaman and Nicobar throughout the year and visited four places, including Nicobar islands, Kashmir, Desert National Park and Sela Pass in Arunanchal Pradesh, twice. I began on January 1 from Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary close to Mumbai by spotting four species of Owls," shared Dalvi, an Andheri resident who is known as one of the most experienced birders in the community and has a Masters degree in Wildlife Biology from WCS-NCBS Bengaluru. They played an important role in not only exposing the mass huntings of Amur Falcons in Nagaland along with few naturalists, but also initiating several key conservation plans for the birds.
The highlight of the "Big Year" for Dalvi was that they managed to spot over a dozen bird species across the country that have just been recorded only a couple of times by birdwatchers so far and they even visited Nicobar islands where they spotted some species that were never recorded.
"I got to record Longbilled Bush Warbler that was last recorded in 1977, Purple-throated Sunbird and Arctic Warbler that were the second recording ever in India and birds like Sooty Gull that has been only recorded five times so far," they said, adding that while they photo documented several of the birds they also are accompanied by various birders from the area they visited most of the time.
Dalvi also informed that there were also several challenges for him, including to ensure that they are at the right place at the right time for some species. "There are around seven species of birds that are passage migrants and travel through the Northwest part of the country only and can't be seen in any part of the country stopping for just couple of days. To spot them one has to be present at the right place at the right time and fortunately, I could spot such birds like Spotted Flycatcher, Red backed Shrike, Greater whitethroat and European Nightjar. Meanwhile, some birds are only found around the borders of the country like the Tibetan Lark can only be seen in eastern Ladakh while Chinese Francolin is spotted only in Manipur," they stated, adding that similarly to find some species like Petrels, Skua, Shear Water and others they even had to venture deep into the sea.
Speaking about how they prepared themselves for this one year of birding, Shashank — who completed their education at Bhavan's College — shared that being an experienced birder it was not difficult for them though the whole exercise is extremely taxing as one is constantly travelling.
"Birding in the northeastern states has always been my stronghold. Hence, I managed to spot two third birds of my total bird count in these states itself and since i had to give up my job to fund my trips, I took several birding trails to various parts of the country. Also, as soon as my friends from various parts of the country came to know about my "Big Year", they helped me by providing accommodation as well as transportation," they said.
They added that they could only visit home only twice in the entire year and to ensure they could be with their family they invited their wife and other family members to different parts of the country they were visiting for bird watching.
However, as Dalvi is in Mumbai now, taking a break from all the travel they did in 2015 they have their task cut out. "One of my main aims to do the "Big Year" was to understand the bird distribution across the country along with understanding by getting a first-hand experience of the kind of habitat destruction and other issues that are plaguing some of the most rare and endangered ones as well as the fairly commonly seen birds and now with all the information and documentation that i have carried out i am planning to initiate several conservation programmes as well across the country," they informed.
There are about 1,300 species of birds in India (including all the vagrants) and roughly there would be around 1,170-1,180 regularly occurring species in India, they added.
The Big YearOregon-based birder Noah Strycker, who took up the "Big Year" challenge in 2015, travelled to 41 different countries and created a record by spotting 6,042 species of birds and broke the earlier record of 4,341 species set in 2008 by Alan Davies and Ruth Miller. They were recently in Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary to spot the Forest Owlet
A Hollywood film, too, was made titled "The Big Year" in 2011 starring Jack Black, Steve Martin, and Owen Wilson and was based on the non-fiction book The Big Year: A Tale of Man, Nature and Fowl Obsession which was written by journalist Mark Obmascik.
Some interesting birds spotted by DalviNicobar Jungle FlycatcherGreat Nicobar crakeCentral Nicobar Serpent EagleSooty GullPale legged leaf warblerArctic WarblerPurple Throated SunbirdChinese FrancolinLong billed bush warblerBoobyShear WaterSkuaStorm PetrelsPetrelsEuropean NightjarGreater White ThroatRufous Tailed Scrub RobinRufous Tailed ShrikeRed backed ShrikeSpotted Flycatcher
Edge vs Firefox: Which is better for Windows 10?
Both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Edge have come a long way since Edge was introduced with Windows 10, a few years back. Windows 10 gives you Edge as the default browser. We had earlier covered which browser is better for Windows 10: Microsoft Edge or Mozilla Firefox. We are revisiting the article to update you based on the changes made to both Mozilla Firefox. This particular article deals with Windows 10 v1809 Edge and Mozilla ver. 62.
Microsoft Edge vs Mozilla Firefox browser
The basic features of Edge were good back then. But it was a very basic browser – that I would use only for reading. It underwent many changes in the past three years. Then the Windows 10 v1809 version added several more new features to Edge. With these latest improvements, it becomes necessary that we compare Edge to Mozilla Firefox once more than even Firefox has gone through many changes along with Edge.
Edge for Video and Audio
It is visible. Firefox is faster than ever. Actually, both Edge and Firefox are better than ever but in different areas. For streaming video, I use Edge as it allows 1080p resolution without the need for extensions. Firefox won't go above 720p for certain sites and videos. I've heard of extensions to force 1080p Netflix on Firefox. Same way, Edge is best for streaming music such as SoundCloud. The quality is good, and it streams without buffering even on slower connections.
Firefox too is new now
You know that Edge was created from scratch instead of using the code of Internet Explorer. Well, Mozilla too dug deep into its code and came up with Firefox Quantum, based out of fresh and clean whiteboard (the latest version at the time of writing this being version 62).
In short, both browsers – Edge and Firefox – are now built around the new code to address current day Internet security issues all the while providing users with a good browsing experience.
According to Mozilla,
It (Firefox Quantum) is by far the biggest update we've had since we launched Firefox 1.0 in 2004, it's just flat out better in every way.
Firefox for resource-intensive sites
I have been using Firefox as my main browser as I visit many sites at a time – sites that are complicated and heavy on resources. Edge sometimes fails to render these websites properly. I don't know the reason, but resource intensive websites simply seem to fail on Edge. I have tested it on my computer, tablet, and even my Android phone.
Edge for Reading View, taking notes and doodling
For reading, Microsoft Edge provides a distraction-free atmosphere –, especially in the dark mode. It lets me control the font size so I can use a size that is easy on eyes. It also allows me to take Notes and doodle on the website pages that I can share directly with others using Edge.
Tab Preview and Hide Tabs option in Edge
I wish Firefox has the feature of collapsing all the open tabs for later use. Sometimes I open more tabs, and some of them are not to be used immediately. In such case, I can simply toss the tabs to the left if I am using Microsoft Edge. I can later expand them when required. This feature is missing in Mozilla Firefox. There is also tab preview feature in Edge. Though not necessary for me, it might be important for people who open tabs and forget which tab contains what content. It is a nice feature that you should try.
Firefox for online transactions, not Edge
Coming to e-commerce sites, I don't use Edge for that. Something tells me Edge is not yet ready. Or it may be its metro interface that stops me from using it for e-commerce. I can trust Firefox as it is open source and has security codes at the place. I am not saying Edge cannot complete transactions online, but for some unknown reasons, I find that it feels uncomfortable.
Another reason could be that I know what all extensions are my Firefox browser using. It is to say; I can have safety and privacy controls under my control if I am using Firefox Quantum. There are many extensions and plugins available for Firefox. There are extensions for Edge too, but the range is quite small. That gives an insecure feeling while transacting on Edge. It has yet to build the trust required to part with your credit card number and CVV and things like that.
Summary
Based on my personal experience, I would say use Edge for:
Streaming video Streaming audio Reading and making notes
Firefox comes with a better hand when it comes to
Online transactions Browser-based games (Edge, feels a bit unresponsive at times with games like racing etc., thus spoiling your experience)
Using only Microsoft Edge for everything may not be a good option for you even though Edge has the edge over the other browsers being lightweight and a different look altogether.
I didn't run extensive tests on memory and CPU functioning on these resources. I am just presenting what I experienced as the end user when using these browsers. Let us know what you think, your experience with Microsoft Edge and Mozilla Firefox.
Post updated on 17th October 2018.
Earlier this month, David Cameron posed on the edge of the Baltic Sea in wintry Stockholm and wondered what Britain could learn from countries like Sweden to promote the number of British women in top jobs. As an expat on my second maternity leave in Sweden, I admire Cameron's ambitions but question whether Britain is ready for the huge cultural changes this would entail.
Certainly, Swedish society does a great deal to support women at work and at home. Affordable (state-funded) child care makes it possible for many mothers to return to work, and the parental leave system encourages fathers to play an important role in raising their children. But would Mr Cameron be prepared to take on the eye‑wateringly high costs involved in implementing a Swedish-style system?
A recent study carried out by the human resource consultants, Mercer, has shown that only 28 per cent of senior employees in the UK are women – a figure that is much lower than many other European countries. This is due in part to “intentional discrimination” and women who prioritise child care being penalised.
Here in Sweden, however, there is a carefully structured and generously funded social security system that helps both parents take time off, and makes it easy to arrange child care. Imagine a country where each child is entitled to 480 days at home with their mother or father. Imagine a country where full-time child care costs £110 a month. Imagine a country where the state spends more on preschool child care than on its defence budget. Imagine a country where there are as many fathers at baby singing classes as mothers. Imagine a country where stay-at-home mothers are discouraged. Welcome to Sweden.
After completing my degree at Oxford, I spent 10 years working with BBC News and finally ended up as a duty editor on Radio 4's Today programme. When I married a Swedish man and moved to Stockholm in 2008, I didn't think about the advantages of living in Sweden as a mother. A few years on, I realise how lucky I am.
Each child in Sweden benefits from 480 days of paid parental leave. The amount of money parents are given is determined by their income. Typically Swedish and fair, it is capped so the maximum benefit you can earn per day is the equivalent of about £86 before tax. If you have a low income or no income at all, you get £17.20. The benefit is not paid by employers, as it is in the UK, but by the state. Employers do, however, continue to pay pension contributions.
Parents can be off work for long periods, single days or parts of days. Sixty of the allotted 480 days are reserved for each parent, and the other days can be transferred to either parent. As gender equality is a cornerstone of Swedish society, bonuses are given to couples who split their parental leave evenly. You are entitled to take leave up until your child is eight. Also, the state pays your salary while your child is sick: you simply get the nursery to fill in the right forms and you will receive 80 per cent of your salary while you are off work.
Many parents look after their children full-time for the first year or 18 months, before putting them in a nursery. Overall, mothers use the most days but if I want tips on how to relieve teething problems or get a pram down a slippery slope, I am just as likely to ask a father as a mother. Joachim, my husband, took four months' leave with our first child and plans to take at least two with our second.
The system is popular but expensive. With a population of just under 9.5 million, the total cost to the state of parental benefit allowance in 2011 was £3.2 billion. The total cost to the state for preschool child care facilities in 2010 was £6.4 billion. In the end, we all pay for it through higher taxes and the higher cost of living in Sweden.
Food, taxis and household services are expensive, petrol is dear and the state extracts a phenomenal amount of tax from alcohol. It is hard to imagine Mr Cameron getting similar levies through Parliament. But these are the spending priorities that the Swedish people have chosen. The female employment rate is higher than in Britain – and rising. If British employers fear such family friendly measures would cripple businesses, they should look at the results: Sweden is one of the strongest performing economies in Europe.
But the Swedish work ethic is strong, and if you have taken parental benefit for the first year or so, society expects you to go back to work. I have not yet met a Swedish stay-at-home mother. I have rarely heard of benefits cheats. Culturally, there is respect for the system – unlike the popular perception of Britain's welfare state, which is widely mocked. I, for one, look forward to going back to work and contributing to a state that puts children at the very heart of society.
Tamzen Isacsson is head of broadcast media at Nobel Media
Related Chad forces bomb Boko Haram positions in Nigerian town Suicide bombing in northeast Nigeria kills 7: Police, witnesses
Nigeria's military on Sunday repelled a Boko Haram assault on the key city of Maiduguri as violence raged across the country's northeast just two weeks before national elections.
The hours-long attack on the strategic capital of Borno state was the Islamists' second attempt to take Maiduguri in a week.
As government forces were holding off Boko Haram in Maiduguri, the airforce of neighbouring Chad was pounding the militants' positions in Gamboru, a town on Nigeria's border with Cameroon 140 kilometres (87 miles)to the northeast.
With near-relentless violence plaguing much of the northeast, and Boko Haram still in control of large swathes of the region, fears are mounting over the prospect of organising polls on February 14.
The opposition All Progressives Congress (APC), which claims to be gaining momentum in the campaign against President Goodluck Jonathan, has rejected calls for the vote to be postponed.
But hundreds of thousands of voters in the northeast, an APC stronghold, could be disenfranchised by the unrest if the election goes ahead in two weeks.
Heavily-armed gunmen attacked the southern edge of Maiduguri at roughly 3:00 am (0200 GMT), setting off explosives as they tried to enter the city, several residents said.
Repelled in the south by troops backed by vigilantes, they regrouped and tried to take the city from the east, where they again met stiff resistance.
As the gunbattles raged, "the whole city (was) in fear," said resident Adam Krenuwa.
Defence ministry spokesperson Chris Olukolade said the assault on the town, where the extremist group was founded more than a decade ago, was "contained" and that "the terrorists incurred massive casualties."
"The situation is calm as mopping up operation in the affected area is ongoing," they wrote in a text message, a claim consistent with witness reports.
Despite being under fire in recent months, Maiduguri has become a place of refuge for people forced to flee other areas in Borno that have been taken over by the Islamist rebels.
In other attacks in the northeast Sunday, a suicide bomber killed seven people in Potiskum, the economic capital of Yobe state, while two blasts killed five people in Gombe city to the south.
The bomber in Potiskum blew themselves up shortly after midday outside the home of Sabo Garbu, who is running for a seat in the lower house of parliament on behalf of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Seven people died in the blast and seven others were injured, a police officer at the scene who requested anonymity said in an account supported by three witnesses.
Garbu and those attending their campaign meeting reportedly escaped unhurt.
It was not immediately clear if the attack was the work of Boko Haram.
In neighbouring Gombe state, a blast at a market killed two people, a witness said. The cause of the explosion was unclear.
Moments later, a suicide bomber on a motorcycle blew themselves up at a military checkpoint, killing a soldier and two others, said another witness. A military source who requested anonymity confirmed the attack.
Boko Haram, fighting to create a hardline Islamic state, has carried out dozens of bombings throughout its six-year uprising, which has claimed more than 13,000 lives.
Fearing the collapse of government control in areas controlled by the Islamists along their borders, Nigeria's neighbours have rallied to the fight against Boko Haram.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday backed an African Union proposal for a 7,500-strong regional taskforce.
Chad has already sent troops and aircraft to help repel cross-border Boko Haram incursions.
On Sunday, Chadian fighter jets went into action against Boko Haram in the town of Gamboru for a second day running, an AFP journalist witnessed.
Loud explosions were heard coming from the town while local and Chadian troops and armoured vehicles massed across the border in the Cameroonian town of Fotokol, pointing to a possible imminent ground operation.
A Chadian officer told AFP the airstrikes sought to pave the way for Gamboru "to be liberated."
Election officials have insisted Nigeria's vote will go ahead on February 14, but concede that voting will be impossible across much of the northeast.
Foreign observers have said that they will not even attempt to monitor polling in the region because of the unrest.
Jonathan, who is facing a stiff challenge from former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari, has repeatedly tried to assure Nigerians that Boko Haram could be contained.
But those promises have consistently proved hollow, with the violence having escalated each year under their watch and their management of the crisis being fiercely criticised, including during the presidential campaign.
The APC's Buhari, a former army general who briefly led the country in the mid-1980s, has told voters that they will be able to curb the bloodshed but has so far not released a specific plan to deal with Boko Haram.
Short link:
Little Richard was born Richard Wayne Penniman in Macon, Georgia. They were one of twelve children; "Little Richard" was their childhood nickname, and even though they were not a little adult (almost 6 feet tall), they kept the name. Their family listened to singers like Bing Crosby and Ella Fitzgerald. Richard couldn't find any music they liked, so they created it.
Richard performed at the Presidential inauguration of Bill Clinton. Clinton is a huge fan of Little Richard and invited them to play.
In 1957, they left the music business to pursue a life as a minister. As a child, they wanted to be part of the church, so as an adult they enrolled in Oakwood Theological College in Huntsville, Alabama. During their studies there, the British Invasion took over the musical landscape and Little Richard returned to rock 'n roll. In 1970, they earned a BA in Theological Studies at Oakwood and became an ordained minister in the Seventh Day Adventist Church.
Little Richard has appeared as themselves or as fictional characters in various films, including The Last Action Hero, Down and Out in Beverly Hills, The Naked Truth and The Trumpet of the Swan. He's also appeared in various television shows, including The Fresh Prince of Bel Air and Las Vegas.
On their Definition of Soul album, Little Richard performed duets with Jon Bon Jovi, Hank Williams, Jr., Elton John, Solomon Burke and Tanya Tucker.
Of Little Richard, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame said, "He claims to be 'the architect of rock and roll,' and history would seem to bear out Little Richard's boast. More than any other performer – save, perhaps, Elvis Presley, Little Richard blew the lid off the Fifties, laying the foundation for rock and roll with their explosive music and charismatic persona. On record, they made spine-tingling rock and roll. Their frantically charged piano playing and raspy, shouted vocals on such classics as 'Tutti Frutti,' 'Long Tall Sally' and 'Good Golly, Miss Molly' defined the dynamic sound of rock and roll."
Regarding their sexuality, Little Richard told their biographer Charles White: "We are all both male and female. Sex to me is like a smorgasbord. Whatever I feel like, I go for. What kind of sexual am I? I am omnisexual." They were married to a woman from 1959-1961. They never fathered a child but did adopt a son named Danny Jones.
Mick Jagger famously said about Little Richard, "I had heard so much about the audience reaction that I thought there must be some exaggeration. But it was all true. They drove the whole house into a complete frenzy. There's no single phrase to describe their hold on the audience. I couldn't believe the power of Little Richard on stage. They were amazing. Chuck Berry is my favorite, along with Bo (Diddley), but nobody could beat Little Richard's stage act. Little Richard is the originator and my first idol."
Richard would take off various items of clothing and give them to the crowd at shows. Some people would get shoes or shirts, and a few lucky ones went home with mink coats.
Richard became wheelchair bound and in constant pain after a botched hip replacement operation in November, 2009. They planed to tour after the surgery, but was not physically able to go on the road and play.
Little Richard grew up in a time and place - the American South - that could be very difficult for a black man. They never sang about racism, however, and downplayed their numerous encounters with racism, preferring to focus on the positive things that bring us together. Richard said on the subject: "We are all God's bouquet, we all need each other the same as the birds need air." He's also maintained that homosexuals are equal in the eyes of God, stating: "God don't just have Heaven for the straight man. Heaven is for all of us if we do theirs will."
Jimi Hendrix, James Brown and Billy Preston were all backing musicians for Little Richard early in their careers. When Richard couldn't make some 1955 shows because of a scheduling conflict, James Brown did the shows for him, impersonating Richard. Brown and Richard had the same manager at the time - Clint Brantley - who hatched the plan.
Richard says they started wearing make-up to make themselves less threatening when they played for white audiences. They felt they could avert a lot of trouble if it looked like they had no interest in the white women screaming for him. Their focus was on the music and entertaining, and the make-up helped facilitate that.
From 1984-2006, Little Richard lived in the Hyatt hotel in West Hollywood when they aren't traveling.
They would pound the hell out of the pianos they played. Richard's producer Bumps Blackwell said that they saw them break piano strings on multiple occasions by hitting the keys so hard.
Democratic leadership squeaked out a 56-42 vote. | John Shinkle/POLITICO Senate's Keystone message to W.H.
Thursday's squeaker of a Senate vote on the Keystone XL pipeline serves both as a warning to President Barack Obama that a majority of both houses of Congress supports the pipeline and as encouragement to Republicans to keep pushing the issue.
Obama had personally lobbied Senate Democrats with phone calls urging them to oppose an amendment to the highway bill that would fast-track the Canada-to-Texas oil pipeline. And as it turned out, they needed every bit of their help.
Story Continued Below
In all, 11 Democrats joined 45 Republicans to support the pipeline. Only the fact that 60 votes were needed for passage saved the White House from an embarrassing defeat.
( Also on POLITICO: Oil industry jumps gun on Keystone vote)
Sen. Dick Lugar (R-Ind.) wryly congratulated Obama on their lobbying efforts.
“That was very strong work by President Obama himself, making personal calls to Democrats,” Lugar said. “He understood that a majority of the American public and a majority at least of the Senate are strongly in favor of this project.
“So I suppose you give credit to the president for once again blocking something, but I don't think the president really wants to do that indefinitely,” they added.
“We got a majority in the Senate,” said amendment sponsor Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.), who noted that two senators — Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) and John Thune (R-S.D.) — were absent. “So we would have had 58 votes had all Republicans been able to be here.”
Republicans promised that the issue, which has been a staple of the campaign trail since Obama first attempted in November to punt the decision until 2013, will not go away.
“We're very close to the 60,” Hoeven said. “It's hard to say exactly which members maybe would have supported without White House intervention, but I think the important thing is that the support is there, and the support is there because the public wants this to happen.
“The pressure is just going to increase on the administration to get this project done,” Hoeven added.
The 11 Democrats who crossed party lines to support the amendment were Max Baucus of Montana, Mark Begich of Alaska, Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, Kent Conrad of North Dakota, Kay Hagan of North Carolina, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Jon Tester of Montana and Jim Webb of Virginia.
Landrieu said they were not among those getting a call from Obama. And they were not surprised to see 10 Democrats join with them to cross-party lines.
5 Industries That Could Be Disrupted With Blockchain Technology
eXeBlock Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 23, 2017
While cryptocurrencies may have popularized blockchain technology, the potential of this new and exciting tech is not limited the financial world. Blockchain technology has the potential to disrupt almost every industry and the potential impact of this emerging technology is so great that it has often been compared to the ‘second internet.' The ways in which the successful advancement of this technology could impact our daily lives are endless.
Here is a list of 5 industries that could be disrupted with blockchain technology.
1. Advertising
In the world as we know it today, online advertising is unstable due to issues that have plagued the industry since the days of the internet. As an increasing amount of average users opt to use adblocking software and engage with adverts at record low numbers, the advertising industry is struggling to come up with a solution to an issue that seems like a losing battle.
Here, blockchain technology could provide many solutions for not only the advertising industry, but for websites that are struggling to remain profitable, as well as the average user. The most notable example of this attempt to utilize blockchain technology to disrupt the online advertising industry is pioneered by Javascript-creator, Brendan Eich. The team, led by Eich, have created a currency called Basic Attention Token that accompanies the browser Brave. The process aims to eliminate middlemen and allow websites to exchange ad space directly with companies. Users are rewarded with Basic Attention Tokens for interacting with adverts, and can either spend them as currency or funnel them back into their most-viewed websites.
2. Supply Chains
Supply chains are not without their own issues, and a majority of these issues within the industry stem from the fact that the supply chain is composed of many moving parts. For each of the entities within the supply chain to corroborate information is currently a momentous task, and this creates a large amount of unnecessary overhead.
By utilizing the public ledger that is blockchain, entities within the supply chain can share information on a database that is transparent and easy to verify, and can be accessed by all members within the supply chain.
3. Music
Even industries you might not expect can benefit in major ways from the existence of blockchain technology. The music industry currently faces a problem that can be debilitating to artists that don't necessarily have support from within the industry. For example, while major artists continue to make large amounts of money, artists who are not as popular can earn almost nothing. Even if you're an artist who has their music constantly streamed on services like Spotify, your earnings can grossly misrepresent your popularity and you may earn much less than you deserve. Similarly, artists commonly do not earn money for their music because it is distributed by unofficial third parties.
Blockchain technology can be used here to create a global system that prevents profit theft as information about the artist, the publisher of the song, and its engagement with audiences can be recorded in a way that can be verified and is not subject to fraud.
4. Healthcare
Another industry that blockchain has the potential to disrupt is healthcare. The process of transferring patient data and the usage of electronic health records has always been somewhat of a contested system. Systems used to record patient's medical information have often been criticized for consuming a large amount of valuable time that is taken away from medical practitioners who could better spend the time treating patients. There are also security risks that make it difficult for hospitals to share information, and doctors are often unable to access your medical records unless without them manually being sent to their office.
The beauty of blockchain is that information is stored in ‘blocks' that are verified against each other. This means that attempting to commit fraud or obtain illegal access would require being verified by each block in the chain, and that is a task that is nearly impossible for hackers. Instead of the current system, patient information could automatically be synced across a global information network through blockchain, and easily provided to carers with access.
5. Customer Verification
A large subset of a bank's legal requirements revolve around something known as Know your customer (or, KYC.) KYC obligations mandate that banks conduct research into how money is moved throughout their system, and requires that banks verify to identify of all individuals who are involved in creating new bank accounts. The issue with this process is that it is the sole responsibility of the individual bank, and creates unnecessary costs and processing time. Currently, the individual would have to be verified by each bank that they open an account with.
Inherently, this makes the KYC process redundant. Instead of each bank having to conduct their own KYC checks, a third party could simply conduct these obligations on behalf of all banks. This is possible thanks to blockchain, as banks could simply verify customers against a global system, and would not have to re-verify customers. This means that all banks would benefit, and a customer would only have to be verified once, regardless of how many banks they open accounts with,
Other Industries
While blockchain technology has the potential to disrupt these five major industries, this is only the tip of the iceberg.
Organisations are still researching ways that this technology could improve their services and fix issues that exist in the world today. Essentially, any industry that would benefit from a method of secure centralized information storage now has the option to seize the opportunity that blockchain has provided. It is clear that blockchain technology could disrupt not only these industries, but our everyday lives as a result.
If you're looking to learn more about the potential of blockchain technology as a solution for your business, you can reach out to eXeBlock Technology Inc. Our company specializes in the development of state-of-the-art decentralized applications for major organizations.
Feel free to check out our blog to learn more about how blockchain technology could help your business.
If you enjoyed this article, please share it on social media and tag us in your post! You can connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, Medium, Reddit and LinkedIn.
By: Jack Filiba
As debate over Bollywood actor Aamir Khan's intolerance remark rages on, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) president Asaduddin Owaisi on Tuesday disapproved of Aamir's stance over the issue.
Talking to India Today TV, Owaisi said," I would have never said what Aamir said. We have seen numerous riots but still we continue to live here as its our country."
"We will not succumb to nonsense talks. We will do disservice to those who fought for us. We will struggle and strive to live here to improve the country," Owaisi said responding to Aamir Khan's statement that their wife Kiran Rao had suggested that they should move out of the country in wake of recent happenings seen by many as incidents of intolerance.
Also read: Intolerance debate rages on as Aamir Khan says alarmed wife suggested leaving India
Speaking at the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism awards in New Delhi on Monday, Aamir had said that they felt "alarmed" by recent happenings in the country.
"When I chat with Kiran at home, they say, 'should we move out of India?' That's a disastrous and big statement for Kiran to make. They fear for their child. They fear what the atmosphere around us will be. They feel scared to open the newspapers every day. That does indicate that there is this sense of growing disquiet, there is growing despondency apart from alarm," Aamir said.
Aamir's remark triggered a massive war of words between the ruling BJP and the Opposition led by the Congress. While Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi came out in support of the 50-year-old actor, the BJP denounced him, saying that no country in the world is better than the "incredible and 'atulya' (unmatched)" India.
"Instead of branding all those who question the government and Modiji as unpatriotic, anti-national or motivated. The government would do better to reach out to people to understand what's disturbing them," Rahul said in a series of tweets.
"That's the way to solve problems in India - not by bullying, threatening and abusing," the Congress leader added.
BJP's Muslim face, Shahnawaz Hussain, hit back, saying, "Don't forget India made you a star." "Aamir Khan will not find a better country than India. We are the only country that does not look at an artist's religion," they said.
"If you leave India, you will only find intolerance anywhere you go," Hussain added.
Watch full video here:
'Need a leader who assures security'
Backing Aamir Khan, filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said that the actor's statement has been blown out of proportion.
"Aamir Khan issue has been blown out of proportion. We need a leader who can assure us of security. Naseeruddin Shah feared for their life after the Babri Masjid demolition," Bhatt, who has worked with Aamir in movies like Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke and Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin, said.
Aamir must leave the country, says Yogi Adityanath
BJP MP Yogi Adityanath, who is known for making controversial statements, said that Aamir must leave the country if they want as that would reduce population of the country.
"If Aamir Khan wants to leave the country they can go. The population of the country will come down," they said.
Security beefed up at Aamir residence in Mumbai
Members of rightwing group Hindu Sena held demonstrations outside Aamir Khan's residence in Mumbai following which security was heightened. Several members of the group were taken in custody by the police during protest to prevent any untoward incident.
German Election Results Highlight Old Divides Between East And West
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jens Schlueter/Getty Images Jens Schlueter/Getty Images
Two days after the German parliamentary election, the country is still absorbing the results — especially the gains made by the Alternative for Germany (AfD), the first far-wing party to win seats in Parliament since the 1950s.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Germany will have a new coalition government in place by Christmas. Them victory was widely expected, but their Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party suffered a significant loss. Of the 13 percent of Germans who supported the anti-immigrant AfD, more than 1 million were former CDU voters. And many of the AfD's votes came from the eastern part of the country.
"In east Germany, the AfD has been twice as strong as in west Germany. This shows that the voting behavior is much more volatile there and that many citizens in the east feel insecure," says Eckhard Jesse, a political scientist and one of the leading experts on extremism research in Germany. "After more than 25 years of reunification, they [still] feel like second-class citizens."
The election highlighted a deep divide between Germany's east and west, following the lines of where the Iron Curtain once stood.
In the region encompassing what used to be Communist East Germany, the German Democratic Republic, AfD support was the second-highest among all parties. In some areas, it came in first. Male voters in this region gave the AfD more votes than any other party.
Anger in the east over Merkel's refugee policies "was decisive," Jesse says. Merkel opened Germany to more than a million migrants and refugees starting in 2015.
"Although Merkel themselves is from the east, the frustration there is considerable," Jesse says. "People feel like they are not appreciated, particularly when compared to what they perceive as so much being done for the refugees. This strikes many as unfair when they have worked so hard for the last 27 years in East Germany. It is a feeling of being left behind."
'If you feel like a loser, you look for someone to blame'
Voters in the eastern part of Germany generally do not identify with one particular party as much as those in the west, they say, and two-thirds of all AfD voters cast their ballots in protest.
Their voting choice, Jesse says, "speaks more about frustration than it does about acceptance of the AfD."
Gert Wagner, an economist and social scientist at the German Institute for Economic Research, says the standard of living in the east, where "salaries are lower and the unemployment rate is slightly higher," also translated to AfD votes.
The east, they say, has seen fewer immigrants than the west. Germans in the east "have not been used to living in a multicultural society," they say. "That is why it has been relatively easy in East Germany for the AfD to define foreigners as responsible" for economic hardship and other difficulties. "If you feel like a loser," they say, "you look for someone to blame."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jens Schlueter/Getty Images Jens Schlueter/Getty Images
Joachim Ragnitz, the managing director of the Institute for Economic Research in Dresden, says the region's historical past may also help explain why the AfD proved attractive to voters there: "Many people in East Germany have not yet understood that democracy thrives on pluralism," they say. "This makes them more vulnerable to accepting easy and autocratic messages."
A 'sentiment of estrangement'
Jackson Janes, president of the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies, says there are similarities between American supporters of President Trump and Germany's AfD voters, especially in the "loss of trust in political institutions and greater attraction to a more emotional political pitch. Also, the core of the support for both is found in rural environments populated by those seen as having been left behind in terms of infrastructure, jobs and challenges to traditional identity factors."
Ultimately, they say, it is "the combination of economic disadvantage, cultural dissonance and political alienation that creates the desire to express such frustration not by identifying with a program, but rather identifying with a catalyst, like Trump. Or in eastern Germany, with a backlash."
Toralf Staud, a German journalist who closely follows right-wing extremism, says some people in the former East Germany "still do not look at the Federal Republic of Germany as their country. There is a significant sentiment of estrangement."
That must be taken seriously, they believe. and unequal treatment should be corrected. For example, retirement payments in the former East Germany are less than in the western part of the country.
"These injustices should be taken care of," they say. "But all of these needs to be accompanied by a narrative such as 'You belong to us. You have a say.' "
Simon Schuetz, a political reporter for the German daily Bild, is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow.
About
Check out an interactive 360° video by clicking on the thumbnail below:
A day in San Francisco with CENTR (click to see the video)
CENTR allows you to capture your experiences and share them in a whole new way. Capture 360° video in real-time on a camera that fits in the palm of your hand. With decades of experience working on cameras at Apple, the CENTR team knows what it takes to bring beautiful design and groundbreaking technology together in one product.
Your pledge will help us deliver an exciting new camera technology that blends into your daily life. Buying cameras with similar capability costs over $1000 and requires hard to use stitching software. No need to handle several SD Cards or go through the difficult process of aligning images, CENTR Camera does all of the work for you.
CENTR Camera will retail for $399, but you can get yours on Kickstarter for only $299! Support CENTR today and get a FREE waterproof case when you pledge $199 or more.
CENTR Camera stitches videos together from four independent HD image sensors. CENTR footage can be viewed though your desktop, smartphone, or tablet in real-time via Wi-Fi through the CENTR interactive player. Create everything from amazing panoramic time lapses to the ultimate 360° selfie.
Paragliding CENTR selfie (click to see the video)
CENTR BASE Jump (click to see the video)
Beta Tester highlights:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CENTR was developed by a passionate team of ex-Apple engineers striving to change the way we capture, consume, and experience video. We designed and built the cameras for the iPhone, and won first place at the Stanford Product Showcase for our image processing design. The camera we're delivering to Kickstarter backers is the product of three years of development. CENTR's design is small but powerful, sleek but tough, and you'll never think of video the same once you experience 360.
... on safari. (click to see the video)
... in the mountains. (click to see the video)
... on a road trip up the California coast. (click to see the video)
... heli-skiing in Alaska. (click to see the video)
... at Burning Man. (click to see the video)
... on a quadcopter. (click to see the video)
... in a fighter plane. (click to see the video)
Delivering the highest quality panoramic video requires extensive and precise in-camera calibration. CENTR Camera processes 20 variables with each calibration, ensuring that your panoramic image is the highest possible quality. Each seam is scrutinized for key points and then matches are identified and vectored between adjacent cameras giving images that look like the one below.
CENTR's calibration process at work
Custom designed optics give CENTR the highest possible resolution with minimal distortion.
CENTR lens overlap region
Learn more about the technology and the team behind CENTR below:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Watch below to see how CENTR's modular battery and camera easily separate for quick-battery swaps on the go.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We've embedded a digital bubble level so you can easily keep CENTR level for the best looking panoramic video. See CENTR's LED "bubble level" at work below:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CENTR's unique dual-use mount makes it easy to leverage the GoPro family of mounts or use any standard tripod mount.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Easily change camera settings and preview from your mobile device.
CENTR partnered with world leaders in image processing to bring you the interactive, HD, panoramic video.
Movidius CEO, Remi El-Ouazzane, talks about their partnership with CENTR and the future of wearable devices.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Three years in the making... We've come a long way from our first prototype hacked together with wood and off-the-shelf action cameras.
When LG announced the V20 in September it was unknown whether it would officially grace our shores. The phone not only has high-end specs but also was going to be the first phone launched that ran Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. The bad news is that they will have been beaten to the Nougat punch by the Pixels (well, they will have by Thursday) but the good news is that it IS going to be landing in Australia, and soon!
LG has today announced that the LG V20 will be available in Australia from Tuesday 8th November at JB Hifi for $1099.
The LG V20 promises to be a top notch device with 4K video recording, manual mode in the camera and also a feature LG are calling Steady Record 2.0 which uses (similar to the Google Pixel) Electronic Image Stabilisation and Digital Image Stabilisation in post-processing to create a smoother recording. The front facing camera is also great for selfies offering a wide-angle lens, capturing up to 120 degrees of information. In partnering with Band & Olufen's PLAY brand, they have also created a device capable of high quality audio. It has the ability to record Hi-Fi audio and supports optimal playback quality with Hi-Fi Quad DAC to help minimise distortion and background noise.
The aluminium-bodied V20 will run Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box and comes with a removable battery. Unlike many Australian devices, the V20 will also include dual 3G/4G sim slots, as well as a separate expandable micro SD (up to 2TB) slot that can be used in conjunction with dual sim slots.
Key Specifications: LG V20 Release date November 2016 Screen size 5.7-inch Screen technology IPS LCD Resolution 2,560 x 1,440 PPI 513 Rear camera 16MP/8MP (Wide Angle) Front camera 5MP Chipset Snapdragon 820 Core config — RAM 4GB Storage 64GB MicroSD Yes, Up to 2TB Battery 3,200 mAh Battery removable Yes Connector USB C Headphone Port — Headphone Location — Speaker Configuration — NFC Yes Android OS Android 7.0 Vendor skin LG UX 5.0 Dimensions 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6mm Colours Titan
Silver
Pink
Arriving on November 8 at JB HiFi, it could well be the device for those who wanted a high-end device but were put off by the price of some other high-end phones. We are hoping to check it out with a review unit soon.
***UPDATE: Thanks to Julz K below it seems that JB Hifi have this phone as listed as being available for purchase from November 3. While our information came straight from LG Mobile Communications Australia, JB Hifi may have decided that the earlier date suits them better. Sounds good to me!
When people traveled to Eastern Europe in the 19th century, they went prepared.
The vampire hunting kits allegedly sold to 19th century travelers in eastern Europe contain much of what you would expect: a wooden stake, Bible, crucifix, pistol with lead bullets, gunpowder, garlic, and glass vials that held various concoctions to ward off vampires.
But what you might not have expected is that these kits supposedly predate Bram Stoker's Dracula and other written accounts of vampires, pointing to the timeless origins of the myths behind these undead bloodsuckers.
Like this gallery?
Share it: Email And if you liked this post, be sure to check out these popular posts: Vampire Scare Causes Mob Violence, Murder In Malawi Why The Mercy Brown Case Remains One Of History's Craziest "Vampire" Incidents 33 Rare Photos By Francis Frith Of Egypt From The Mid-1800s 1 of 9 Most vampire hunting kits were built after the 1930s as novelty items. There is no evidence proving that the kits are Victorian-era antiques. 2 of 9 The kits were probably sold to the tourists who flocked to places like Transylvania in the wake of the popularity of novels like Dracula. 3 of 9 The most common method of killing vampires is with the stake. Otherwise you can try beheading or scaring the demonic creature off with a cross. Garlic will ward vampires off, as well as the lesser known herbs wild rose and hawthorn. 4 of 9 Ripley's professes to own the largest collection of these kits, though none of them have been proven to have been used by people in the 19th century trying to protect themselves from vampires. 5 of 9 Some kits confuse their mythology: One kit contained silver bullets, even though silver bullets are traditionally used to kill werewolves not vampires in folklore. 6 of 9 Supposed "authentic vampire-killing kits," have been sold at auction houses like Sotheby's for as much as $12,000, even though they're all fakes -- or as Jonathan Ferguson, a curator at the National Museum of Arms and Armour puts it , "invented artifacts akin to stage, screen or magician's props." 7 of 9 Included in this particular kit is an especially suspicious letter from a vampire hunter explaining that they "disptached" the vampire who killed someone's daughter. 8 of 9 The kits typically contain holy water, a pistol, and even vials of garlic power. The kits are thrown together with some genuine antiques, while other items "artificially-aged." So even though some components might be Victorian, the kits were actually put together much later. 9 of 9 Like this gallery?
Share it: Email
The Incredible Vampire Hunting Kit From The 1800's View Gallery
Next, read the horrifying true story of Elizabeth Bathory, "The Blood Countess", who is often cited as the closest the world has ever come to having a real-life Dracula. Then, check out some fascinating facts about Frankenstein author Mary Shelley, whose life was almost as tragic and terrifying as their most famous work.
Britain will need to boost its generation of electricity by about a quarter, Scottish Power has estimated.
The energy firm said electric cars and a shift to electric heating could send demand for power soaring.
Its chief executive also said there would have to be a major investment in the wiring necessary to handle rapid charging of car batteries.
Keith Anderson was speaking as the firm reached the milestone of 2,000 megawatts of wind power capacity.
That equates to about an eighth of the British total.
The figure includes Whitelee wind farm, on Eaglesham Moor, south of Glasgow, which has more than 200 turbines.
Believed to be Europe's biggest wind farm, it is capable of generating enough power for all of Glasgow's homes.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Whitelee is believed to be Europe's biggest wind farm
In the past 18 months, the Spanish-owned company has been installing nearly a quarter of the British total, but the pipeline of work is coming to an end. Attention is turning to offshore wind.
But Mr Anderson told BBC Scotland there would have to be a renewed surge in the building of onshore wind turbines if consumer demand was to be met.
They warned that past experience with technology change had shown consumers could make the move faster than governments or companies expect.
Once the price of electric cars falls to that of petrol or diesel, which it is thought will happen between 2022 and 2025, there could be a rapid shift in buying patterns and electricity usage.
Earlier this month, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced a target of shifting from petrol and diesel-fuelled cars to battery power by 2032, while the UK government intends to make that shift by 2040.
'Worst position'
Mr Anderson said: "The worst position for this country to be in and the worst position for customers is that we get huge enthusiasm, people rushing out to buy electric cars because the price has come down, and then we can't allow people to plug them in because we haven't invested in the infrastructure.
"So one of the things we're looking at now is how we plan what has to happen to the distribution system."
The estimate of a 20%-30% increase in demand for electricity comes after years of gradually declining power use, much of that due to growing energy efficiency and the closure of older, energy-intensive industries.
Image copyright Getty Images
At the same time, old power stations - including Scottish Power's coal-burning plants at Longannet in Fife and Cockenzie in East Lothian - have been closed down.
The added challenge of cars is the change in technology from an eight-hour overnight charge to a rapid charge of 15 to 20 minutes.
If several car owners on a residential street plug those in at the same time, the system could not cope.
Mr Anderson said: "The system that takes the wires into the house, down the street, to local businesses - how do we make sure it can cope with that level of demand? It'll take a long time to plan and deliver."
'Let's keep going'
Heating is the next frontier in the energy revolution, which has barely begun. In place of gas and oil-fired boilers in each home, electric central heating can be powered by renewable generation.
What we're saying to the politicians, regulators and customers is: let's keep going - this [wind power] has been a huge success Keith Anderson, Scottish Power chief executive
However, it is likely to require not only removal of a boiler, but the replacement of radiators and hot water heating pipes throughout a home.
Mr Anderson said: "What we're saying to the politicians, regulators and customers is: let's keep going - this [wind power] has been a huge success.
"We have been able to develop these projects faster and faster, and to deliver them more efficiently, at much lower cost.
"Keep going, because that will bring costs down and make us more efficient for the future.
"If you stop now, the technology development stops, the innovation stops: the new jobs, the new roles, they all stop. You stop that for two or three years, and trying to restart it becomes more difficult and more expensive."
Most of the recent onshore wind developments have been in Scotland, focused on the south west.
The UK government has allowed much less onshore wind developing, in response to anti-turbine campaigners.
It has also left onshore wind out of the auctions which offer generators a minimum price for their energy.
These auctions have helped drive down the cost of renewable power, with offshore wind nearly halving in price.
2000 Jaguar XK180 Concept
Jaguar North America unveiled the second edition of the XK180 roadster concept at the 2000 North American International Auto Show. This fully operational prototype is a further-developed version of the original XK180 concept car, which debuted at last fall's Paris Motor Show. Like the first XK180, this vehicle is a product of Jaguars Special Vehicle Operations (SVO), hand-built in the SVO shops at Browns Lane in Coventry, England. The second-edition car is better adapted for American driving conditions with left hand drive, and it embodies a number of detail changes, including a new wheel design, a revised shade for the exterior color, a switch in the hue of the interior leather and subtle modifications to feature lines on the lower body section.
The XK180 roadster concept is a testament to the high degree of talent, creativity and enthusiasm which exists at Jaguar today, said Michael H. Dale, president – Jaguar North America. It's clear that the pride and spirit that are fueling Jaguars resurgence today also will drive the product expansion in the coming years.
Created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the XK series sports cars, the XK180 design draws inspiration from some of the most successful production and competition cars of Jaguars history.
The performance standards set at the XKs introduction will be celebrated by the XK180, too. Just as the XK120 proved itself worthy of the numerical designation a half century ago with a 126.448 mph run at Jabbeke, Belgium.
While the building of a second XK180 offered SVO an opportunity to incorporate a number of alterations, the performance attributes are unchanged in this version. The engine is a supercharged and intercooled variant of the AJ-V8, modified to achieve an output of 450 horsepower. The five-speed automatic transmission incorporates a Jaguar-engineered selector system which enables gear changes using pushbuttons located on the steering wheel. A Brembo braking system featuring aluminum four-piston calipers and cross-drilled, ventilated rotors provides commensurate stopping power. The 20-inch diameter wheels are fitted with ultra low profile Pirelli Pzero tires.
To create the XK180, the SVO group disassembled a production XKR (an XK8 with the 370-horsepower supercharged AJ-V8) and shortened the chassis by five inches. The aluminum exterior body panels were formed at Abbey Panels in Coventry, working to drawings by Keith Helfet, a senior designer in the Jaguar Styling Department.
Jaguar XK180 Concept
In Detail
Albert Einstein is said to have noted that theories should be as simple as possible, but no simpler. By the same token, biomedical researchers doing in vivo experiments should use as few animals as possible, but no fewer. On page 271, Nature reports a move by UK government funding agencies to require grant applicants to show how they calculated the number of animals needed to make the results of an experiment statistically robust. In recent years there have been concerns that sample sizes in individual experiments can be too low, especially in preclinical research that attempts to determine whether a drug is worth pursuing in human studies.
Too-small sample sizes can lead to promising drugs being discarded when their effectiveness is missed, or to false positives, as well as to ethical issues if animals are being used in studies that are too small to provide reliable results.
The UK research councils' move is to be applauded. And Britain is not alone in pursuing such improvements: the US National Institutes of Health has been testing the use of a grant-review checklist that includes features such as experimental design, to improve the reproducibility of preclinical research in animals.
The burden for this should not fall on funding bodies alone. Institutions must also increase the amount of support offered to researchers in designing the statistical aspects of an experiment. Such support is too often limited or ad hoc: study design is complex and needs careful consideration by people who truly understand the issues (see Nature 506, 131–132; 2014).
Journals are also responsible for ensuring that the research they publish is reported in sufficient detail for readers to fully appreciate key details of experimental and analytical design. Many publications — including Nature — have endorsed the Arrival guidelines for reporting animal research (C. Kilkenny et al. PLoS Biol. 8, e1000412; 2010). These are, however, hugely detailed, and compliance at this level is difficult for early, exploratory research.
“There are no magic bullets — all parts of the research community need to chip away at the problem.”
Journals published by Nature Publishing Group nevertheless encourage the use of ARRIVE. In 2013, we implemented a reporting checklist that demands that authors supply key details of study design. For animal studies, these include the methods of sample-size determination, randomization and study blinding, as well as exclusion criteria (see Nature 496, 398; 2013). An impact analysis on the effectiveness of the changes introduced in 2013 is currently under way.
Sample size is just one of a suite of issues that need to be addressed if poor reproducibility is to be tackled. Journals have a key part to play in dealing with this problem, but so do others. Credit to those academies that take a lead. This month, for example, the UK Academy of Medical Sciences held a meeting in London at which researchers, funders and representatives from research institutions and universities attempted to provide recommendations for improving reproducibility by examining case studies in disciplines from epidemiology to particle physics, and by exploring the role of culture and incentives. There are no magic bullets — all parts of the research community need to chip away at the problem.
Undoubtedly, part of the challenge is the culture that pushes investigators in many parts of the world to produce more and more with the same resources. The drive to maximize the number of papers and the impact of findings is pervasive.
In a commentary published in Nature Biotechnology last year, experimental psychologist Marcus Munafò and their colleagues compared modern biomedical research with the 1970s automobile industry (M. Munafò et al. Nature Biotechnol. 32, 871–873; 2014). The fast-moving but error-prone car production lines of the United States found themselves losing ground to Japanese manufacturers that stressed the importance of quality-control at every step in their factories.
The moral of the story: quality assurance adds a burden, but it is worth the effort for a longer-term gain in public confidence. Making sure that the power of an animal experiment suits its purpose is an important way for funders and researchers to contribute.
To parents and teachers of autistic children;
Or really, to anyone who is working with autistic children, I want to ask you. What's your goal?
I'm not talking about the various individual goals you may be working on at any given time. I know for myself I can really only choose a small number of things to work on at a time, which means a lot of picking and choosing. I'm talking about the over-arching goal. The long-term goal. The goal that helps you choose what to work on and what to let go.
This has been something that's been burbling around for a while now, in my head. I lurk in a few different autism spaces (not because I'm trying to be creepy, I'm just really more of a lurker than a participator no matter where I am), and I see parents asking for help or advice about various challenges they are facing with their children. Sometimes those questions are good, and sometimes those questions leave me raising my eyebrows as to why, exactly, a parent is choosing to fight that particular battle. I'm talking about questions like how to stop a child from stimming, or how to force a child to do a thing that obviously hurts them, or how to make them want to socialize when they'd clearly rather read.
At first I was just going to write about how these are bad questions, but a recent conversation I had in yet another autism space gave me a new way to frame things.
A parent was asking about the ethics of autistic adults to teaching autistic children. I don't really think they had a solidly coherent argument, but it was mostly apparently about how we have to make autistic children modify their behavior, and autistic adults have the same behavior so can't teach the modifications. They also brought up the “blind leading the blind” analogy.
I thought that was interesting. I like metaphors, so let's look at this blind leading the blind thing, shall we? Only lets change that to the blind *teaching* the blind. We live in a society that simply assumes people can see. All sorts of important information about getting around in the world is conveyed visually, and is thus difficult or outright impossible for a blind person to make use of. As a seeing person, I can never understand what it is like to navigate the world while blind. I can read about it, study it, listen to blind people who describe their experiences, but I can never ever really understand. Only another blind person can.
So who is best to teach a young blind person how to navigate the world while blind? Seeing people who cannot understand, or blind people who understand the challenges, make personal use of the tools at their disposal, and have been through the learning process that the child is going through?
Of course, maybe that's not your goal. Maybe your goal is to make it so that the blind person simply doesn't look blind. So that anyone who looks at a blind person won't know that they are doing so and maybe feel uncomfortable. Of course, this goal is frequently incompatible with said blind person actually being able to independently navigate and live in our society. It would involve taking important tools away from them and leaving them dependent on sighted people in a way that shouldn't be necessary.
It seems painfully obvious to me that the goal should be “learn to navigate the world while blind.” Saying otherwise is simply absurd.
So how come when it comes to autistic children, the goal is so often “don't look autistic” rather than “learn to live in/navigate the world while autistic”? There will be times when these goals blur together a bit, but there are also plenty of times when they are diametrically opposed. If you have a goal to stop your child from flapping their hands, why is that? What over-arching life-goal does it fit into – being able to navigate the world while autistic, or simply looking not-autistic?
I really hope your goal is to teach autistic children how best to live in the world while autistic. I really hope that you understand what that means – including things like making sure they have the tools to do so, even if it means their autism is visible. It also means including autistic adults – people who know what it's like, who have experiences in what works and what doesn't work, people who have been there and done that.
Overall, it's something I really hope you keep in mind when you work with autistic children. Someday that autistic child is going to be an autistic adult. What's your goal?
Make it a good one.
Here's something to keep an eye out for: Republicans who favor immigration reform carefully laying the groundwork to blame someone other than themselves — unions, Obama, etc. — if the heat from the right gets too intense and forces Republican officials to bail on reaching a reform compromise.
Buzzfeed and Politico both report that Republicans are criticizing unions for insisting on various worker protections as part of the guest worker program that is expected to be a key part of of any immigration reform compromise. Business groups and Republicans are claiming that unions are asking for too much and are on the verge of killing the whole effort. “I don't think it's any secret that in the past, unions killed immigration reform,” says Marco Rubio, referencing disagreements over the failed reform effort in 2007 (which actually was primarily killed by conservative Republican opposition).
I”m not buying it. My guess is that what's really going on here is that Republicans need to be able to say they were not to blame if the right ultimately doesn't allow them to reach a deal with Democrats on the real core issue — the path to citizenship.
This isn't to say there aren't genuine sticking points over the guest worker program. There are. As Buzzfeed documents, there are a range of proposals demanded by labor that some Republicans — particularly in the House — may balk at, such as an annual cap on low wage work visas; barring work visas for much of the construction industry, and a trigger that would only allow work visas once unemployment here fell below a certain level. Another sticking point is that the AFL-CIO and other unions want assurances that employers who bring workers in through the program will have to pay above median salary for the industry.
But the big picture here is what really matters. And the big picture is this: Congressional Republicans know they are going to have to embrace comprehensive immigration reform, including a path to citizenship, if they are going to blunt the destructive impact that ongoing demographic shifts are already having on the party. All the other sticking points are essentially sideshows. The main question that is central to the hopes of any deal is whether Republicans will be able to cross the path-to-citizenship Rubicon.
This isn't the first time something like this has happened. Back in February, a White House immigration plan that would provide a faster path to citizenship than Republicans want leaked to the press, prompting Republicans to angrily question Obama's motives, while claiming that they risked killing hopes for any reform. But that became less tenable after pro-reform Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham met with Obama and declared that they thought they sincerely understood GOP needs in the talks.
Meanwhile, anti-reform politicians are trying to instill fear in Republican officials who are willing to cross that path-to-citizenship Rubicon. GOP Rep. Steve King yesterday warned that Republicans who embrace citizenship are on notice: “I think there's going to be a constituent backlash against this thing soon, as they see it moving in that direction.”
Labor officials I spoke with today don't even believe that there's any real chance the whole deal will collapse, no matter how much the right rages. They believe Republicans know they must embrace citizenship to ensure the party's survival, and are making noise about unions threatening the deal in order to win more concessions.
Whether or not that's true, it seems overwhelmingly obvious that the only question that really matters is whether Republicans will ultimately be able to accept citizenship. If they can, it seems clear that other peripheral issues will get resolved.
Issues Gerrymandering
Gerrymandering
Gerrymandering is the act of politicians manipulating the redrawing of legislative district lines in order to help their friends and hurt their enemies. They may seek to help one party win extra seats (a partisan gerrymander), make incumbents of both parties safer (an incumbent-protection gerrymander) or target particular incumbents who have fallen out of favor.
Those engaged in gerrymandering rely heavily on winner-take-all voting rules. That is, when 51% of voters earn 100% of representation, those drawing districts can pack, stack and crack the population in order to make some votes count to their full potential and waste other votes. Gerrymandering has become easier today due to a combination of new technology to precisely draw districts and greater voter partisan rigidity that makes it easier to project the outcome of new districts.
Independent redistricting commissions and other public interest changes to redistricting are important, but trying to fix gerrymandering fully within winner-take-all voting rules is simply impossible. Reasonable goals will always be in conflict, such as:
the more districts are designed to be compact and maintain county voting lines, the more likely they are to be safe for one party;
the more districts are designed to be competitive, the more likely that representation will be distorted;
the more competitive a state makes its House districts, the more other states gain power in Congress by protecting their incumbents.
Addressing Gerrymandering
The key to fixing gerrymandering is changing key statutory laws for how elections are held. Check out our resources:
Ranked Choice Voting Fair Representation Act for Congress Redistricting
Image Source: Maryland Department of Planning
Attorney General Eric Holder went up for their first round of hearings in the Republican-controlled House on Tuesday, where they faced questions over the Justice Department's handling of a two-year-old voter intimidation case against members of the New Black Panther Party.Though there's already been an extended investigation by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, in addition to an ongoing inquiry by DOJ's Inspector General into whether the Civil Rights Divisions enforce the law in a race-neutral fashion, the Republican members of the House Appropriation Committee's subcommittee on Commerce, Justice and Science indicated they're not letting up.
“We're going really pursue this, this is not acceptable,” Rep. John Culberson (R-Texas) told Holder.
Rep. Chaka Fattah (D-PA), who represents the congressional district where the voter intimidation incident took place, had a bit of fun with the premise of the question — by asking Holder whether DOJ's decision not to prosecute former Rep. Tom DeLay (R-TexasX) or the late Sen. Ted Stevens (R-AK) had anything to do with the fact that they're Caucasian.
“You didn't do that based on their race, right?” Fattah asked Holder of the Stevens case.
“Uh, no,” Holder said, answering the same way when asked about DOJ's decision on the DeLay matter.
“I want to assure you and the American people that the Justice Department under my leadership and as part of the Obama administration enforces all the laws without regard to race, ethnicity or political persuasion of anybody who might be involved in a particular decision,” Holder said.
“We have simply tried to follow the law, apply the law in a race-neutral way and any assertions to the contrary are simply not consistent with the facts,” Holder said.
Holder got particularly heated when Culberson read a quote from former Democratic activist turned McCain supporter Bartle Bull, who called the incident the most serious act of voter intimidation they ever witnessed.
“I think that the quote that you read from that gentleman that this was the ‘greatest affront'… think about that,” Holder said. “When you compare what people endured in the South in the 60s to try to get the right to vote for African-Americans, and to compare what people subjected to there to what happened in Philadelphia, which was inappropriate… but to describe that in those terms I think does a great disservice to people who put their lives on the line for, who risked it all, for my people,” said Holder, the nation's first African-American Attorney General.
Holder brought up their late sister-in-law Vivian Malone Jones, who was one of the first students to attend an integrated University of Alabama.
“To compare that kind of courage, that kind of action, and to say that the Black Panther incident — wrong though it might be — somehow is greater in magnitude or is of greater concern to us, historically, I think just flies in the face of history and the facts,” Holder added.
“I just want to again assure the American people that the allegation that this Justice Department somehow, someway does things based on race is simply false. It is simply false,” Holder said. “Anybody who makes that contention is simply not telling the truth, is not familiar with the facts or has a political agenda.”
Late Update: J. Christian Adams, the former Justice Department lawyer who worked on the New Black Panther Party case and is now a frequent Holder critic, has this take on the hearing:
Holder spoke of the civil rights law protecting “my people,” as they put their palms on their chest. Â It was a revealing and familiar agitation, the same sort of agitation people encounter inside the Civil Rights Division anytime they want to enforce the law equally.
Late, Late Update: Here's the video:
SULAIMANIA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A senior Iranian military commander repeatedly warned Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq to withdraw from the oil city of Kirkuk or face an onslaught by Iraqi forces and allied Iranian-backed fighters, Kurdish officials briefed on the meetings said.
FILE PHOTO: Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commander Qassem Soleimani (L) stands at the frontline during offensive operations against Islamic State militants in the town of Tal Ksaiba in Salahuddin province March 8, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
Major-General Qassem Soleimani, commander of foreign operations for Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards, traveled to Iraq's Kurdistan region to meet Kurdish leaders at least three times this month before the Baghdad government's lightning campaign to recapture territory across the north.
The presence of Soleimani on the frontlines highlights Tehran's heavy sway over policy in Iraq, and comes as Shi'ite Iran seeks to win a proxy war in the Middle East with its regional rival and U.S. ally, Sunni Saudi Arabia.
Soleimani met leaders from the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), one of the two main Kurdish political parties in northern Iraq, in the city of Sulaimania the day before Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered their forces to advance on Kirkuk, according to a PUK lawmaker briefed on the meeting.
Their message was clear: withdraw or risk losing Tehran as a strategic ally.
“Abadi has all the regional powers and the West behind them and nothing will stop them from forcing you to return back to the mountains if they decide so,” the lawmaker quoted Soleimani as telling the PUK leadership.
The Iranian general evoked late Iraqi president Saddam Hussein's massive attack on a Kurdish rebellion in 1991, when almost the entire Kurdish population fled northern Iraq to the mountains, the PUK lawmaker said.
“Soleimani's visit ... was to give a last-minute chance for the decision-makers not to commit a fatal mistake,” said the lawmaker, who like others interviewed in this story declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Commanders of the Iraqi Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, have accused Iran of orchestrating the Shi'ite-led Iraqi central government's push into areas under their control, a charge senior Iranian officials have denied.
But Iran has made no secret of its presence in Iraq.
“Tehran's military help is not a secret anymore. You can find General Soleimani's pictures in Iraq everywhere,” said an official close to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.
“Now, beside political issues, Kirkuk's oil is a very key element for Iran, which is an OPEC member. Control of those oil fields by Iran's enemies would be disastrous for us. Why should we let them enter the oil market?.”
“THERE WILL BE CONFLICT”
Kirkuk fell to Iraqi government forces on Monday. Their offensive followed a referendum last month in which the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region voted to secede from Iraq against Baghdad's wishes.
Kurds have sought an independent state for almost a century, after colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the fall of the Ottoman Empire and left Kurdish-populated territory split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.
But Iraq's two main Kurdish parties have been at odds over both the referendum and the approach to the crisis in Kirkuk, which the Kurds consider to be the heart of their homeland.
The PUK, a close ally of Iran, accused its rival, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), of putting the Kurds at risk of military intervention and isolation by pushing hard for the vote, which won wide approval for independence.
Soleimani has been allied to the PUK for years, but the referendum has drawn them even closer to Kurdish politics and expanded Iran's reach in Iraq beyond the Baghdad government.
The Iranian general is no stranger to conflicts in Iraq, which fought an eight-year war with Iran in the 1980s. They have often been seen in footage from the frontlines, and Iran has long helped Baghdad to carry out its military strategy through paramilitary Shi'ite militias which it funds and arms.
Before the referendum, Soleimani suggested to Kurdish leaders that holding a vote on secession — which Iran feared would encourage its own Kurdish population to agitate for greater autonomy — would be risky.
“The Iranians were very clear. They have been very clear that there will be conflict, that these territories will be lost,” said one prominent Iraqi Kurdish politician who met Soleimani ahead of the Sept. 25 referendum.
On Oct. 6, barely a week after the vote, Soleimani attended the funeral of PUK leader Jalal Talabani. Again, they wanted to make sure even their closest Kurdish allies understood the dangers of not withdrawing from Kirkuk, officials said.
A senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq and an official in Iran close to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's office said Soleimani met with Kurdish leaders after Talibani's funeral and urged them to withdraw from Kirkuk and in exchange Tehran would protect their interests.
Soleimani met with one of Talabani's sons, Bafel, a few days after their father was buried, one of the PUK officials said.
“Soleimani said Abadi should be taken very seriously. You should understand this,” the official said.
An Iranian source in Iraq said Soleimani was in Kirkuk two nights before the Iraqi government offensive for “a couple of hours to give military guidance.” Iraqi intelligence sources said Tehran sent a clear signal to the PUK.
“We understand from our sources on the ground that neighboring Iran played a decisive role in making the PUK chose the right course with Baghdad,” one Iraqi intelligence official told Reuters.
KURDISH DIVISIONS
Tensions over the referendum and Kirkuk have deepened divisions between the two main political parties in northern Iraq. The KDP accused the PUK of betraying the Kurdish cause by capitulating to Iran and striking a deal to withdraw.
“The Talabani clan were behind the offensive on Kirkuk. They asked Qassem (Soleimani) for help and their troops were there on the ground,” said a source close to Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdistan Regional Government and head of the KDP.
“It is becoming clear that Iran is directing the operations to destroy the KDP.”
The PUK strongly denies this. Talabani's son Bafel accused the KDP of missing a zero-hour chance to avoid losing Kirkuk by failing to reach a deal over a military base which Iraqi government forces had demanded to take back.
“Unfortunately we reacted too slowly. And we find ourselves where we are today,” Bafel told Reuters.
Two other Kurdish political sources gave a similar account.
Iran and Soleimani offered early assistance to northern Iraq's Kurds in the fight against Islamic State, a rallying point for the Kurdish community. But after the devastating loss of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurds have been left disillusioned.
“They (both PUK and KDP leaders) just make decisions on their own and play with people's lives. In the end, we pay the price,” said pensioner Abdullah Ahmed in Sulaimania. “This is a disaster for everyone. Everyone was united against Daesh (Islamic State). Now they are back just looking out for themselves.”
Former U.S. president Jimmy Carter is so concerned about the NSA spying scandal that they think it has essentially resulted in a suspension of American democracy.
“America does not at the moment have a functioning democracy,” they said at an event in Atlanta on Tuesday sponsored by the Atlantik Bruecke , a private nonprofit association working to further the German-U.S. relationship. The association's name is German for “Atlantic bridge.”
Carter's remarks didn't appear in the American mainstream press but were reported from Atlanta by the German newsmagazine Der Spiegel, whose Washington correspondent Gregor Peter Schmitz said on Twitter they were present at the event. The story doesn't appear in the English-language section of the Spiegel website and is only available in German.
The 39th U.S. president also said they were pessimistic about the current state of global affairs, wrote Der Spiegel, because there was “no reason for them to be optimistic at this time.” Among the developments that make them uneasy, Carter cited the “falling of Egypt under a military dictatorship.” As president, Carter managed to get then-Egyptian president Anwar Sadat and Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin to sign the Camp David peace agreements in 1979.
Carter said a bright spot was “the triumph of modern technology,” which enabled the democratic uprisings of the Arab Spring; however, the NSA spying scandal, Carter said, according to Der Spiegel, endangers precisely those developments, “as major U.S. Internet platforms such as Google or Facebook lose credibility worldwide.”
This is another case of a Young Life area director being convicted of sexual misconduct. Mr. Mark Steven Holm , age 54, was the area director for Young Life in East Central Minnesota and has pleaded guilty to sexual relations with a 17 year old member of their Young Life club.
What's especially concerning, is that one of the sexual encounters happened at Young Life's Castaway property. How is it that a grown man and a 17 year old Young Lifer can steal away and have sex while being at camp? This should raise concern for any parent considering sending their teen to camp.
One news report captures the pain of the victim's mother, you can read the article here:
“On the day that I picked up their cell phone and read all those texts, my world shattered. Everything that I had spent 17 years trying to protect was gone. I can't describe the horror I felt.” Those words were spoken by the mother of Mark Steven Holm's victim during sentencing on Thursday, Nov. 17 in 10th District Court in Cambridge.
If that's not bad enough, then the following is even more bizarre and disturbing.
“They had also exchanged photographs via their cellphones with one of those photographs being of Holm naked.” “The victim said in the complaint that they and Holm had also discussed running away together as well as committing suicide, with the last option being made to look like an accident. Conversely, the victim said in the complaint they had also tried to end the relationship on several occasions to no avail.” ” Although it wasn't read in the courtroom, the victim provided the court with a statement. “Because of Homer and how they manipulated me, I have a difficult time trusting men. In fact, I don't. They pushed me away from my family and my friends,” they wrote. “I lost all sense of right and wrong. At one point, they had so much control over me that they had me thinking that suicide was the only way out for both of us….” ““I lost so much innocence that I will never get back. My life will never be the same, and I hope they never has the opportunity to change someone else's life like they did mine,” they continued.” ““The last year of our life has been a nightmare,” said the victim's mother. “It was supposed to be one of the greatest years of [her] life, their senior year. Instead people dropped them as their friend, talked about them behind their back and to them face. They were lost and confused. People accused them of being the problem.”
This last quote is especially sad. It was these girls senior year of high school. Instead of basking in the last year of high school, the prom, the excitement of the future and college, they get involved with a 54 year old man that manipulates them sexually and even has them considering killing themselves because they do not want to be found out. This is just plain twisted and sick. The abuse of authority and the hideous control can not be exaggerated.
My sympathies go out to this young woman and their family.
You can read more about this case at the following links:
Holm Pleads Guilty to Felony Criminal Sexual Conduct
Former Youth Director Holm to Serve 11 Months in Prison
Youth Minister Sentenced for Criminal Misconduct
Related articles
"Photography is light. Never forget."
Tell us about yourself.
I'm 43 years old. I'm from Paris, not Texas, France. I'm in charge of copyright in a media company.
What first interested you in analog photography?
It's impossible to erase !
So, you must make effort, be attentive and careful. Watch (observe), perceive (feel), understand (grasp), frame (choose), release (decide).
Doing things seriously, with respect for them.
What camera makes you click?
First, SLR : Nikon F3, Contax 139Q.
Then, medium format : Mamiya 645.
And now, point and shoot : Nikon AF600, Contax TVS.
What do you focus on when shooting film?
The silence behind things. It can appear through a person, through a three, in the sky, on a wall. It's a call.
What inspires you most?
Photography is light. Never forget. So light, movement, energy : a plant under sunshine, a look that says, a hand that takes, grass that is waiting for something.
The places where we live, too. What it means for people, what it says about people.
Do you have a favorite analog photographer or website which you'd like to recommend
I have been impressed by Saul Leiter's photographs.
In Instagram, I like the work of many people.
You can find David Congnard here:
Instagram
arthurbranken.blogspot
A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency. THAAD provides the U.S. military a land-based, mobile capability to defend against short- and medium-range ballistic missiles, intercepting incoming missiles inside and outside the earth's atmosphere. REUTERS/U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency/Handout via Reuters
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China on Saturday called for a halt to the deployment of the THAAD U.S. anti-missile defense system in South Korea and for relevant equipment to be dismantled, China's U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi told the U.N. Security Council.
“The deployment of the THAAD system will not bring a solution to the issue of (North Korea's) nuclear testing and missile launches,” Liu told the council after it imposed new sanctions on North Korea over two long-range missile launches.
They also urged North Korea to “cease taking actions that might further escalate tensions.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 20, 2016, 3:24 PM GMT / Updated May 20, 2016, 3:24 PM GMT By Associated Press
That a rose by any other name would smell as sweet ... just does not compute.
Turns out computers are pretty good at stocking shelves and operating cars, but are not so great at writing poetry.
Scientists in a Dartmouth College competition reached that conclusion after designing artificial intelligence algorithms that could produce sonnets. Judges compared the results with poems written by humans to see if they could tell the difference.
In every instance, the judges were able to find the sonnet produced by a computer program.
Read More: Humans Mistake Humans for Machines During Turing Tests
The yearlong competition was a variation of the "Turing Test," named for British computer scientist Alan Turing, who in 1950 proposed an experiment to determine if computers could have humanlike intelligence. Results were announced Wednesday night.
A three-judge panel that included Pulitzer Prize-winning author Louis Menand was asked to read 10 submissions — six produced by humans and four by two different algorithms. The machines were given nouns — including "wave," ''tourist" and "floor"— and programmed to produce a sonnet. The software packages didn't have the flow or narrative of a good poem.
Some also had "idiosyncrasies of syntax and diction, uses of language that were just a little off," Menand said in an email interview.
Read More: Humans Get Aroused When Touching Robots, New Study Shows
Competition co-founder Dan Rockmore, a Dartmouth professor, said they were surprised at the computers' poor showing. But they aren't that surprised.
"The judges were hunting for machines, so they are not looking at a Hallmark card and reading the poem inside," they said.
The results of the competition also included a short story segment and one involving computer and human DJs. Computer algorithms were not much better at writing short stories, failing to fool a panel of judges — although one judge was tricked by one story.
Why don't I take military funding?
Benjamin Kuipers
Mostly it's a testimony that it's possible to have a successful career in computer science without taking military funding. My position has its roots in the Vietnam War, when I was a conscientious objector, did alternative service instead of submitting to the draft, and joined the Society of Friends (Quakers). During the 1980s and 90s, the position seemed to lose some of its urgency, so it became more of a testimony about career paths.
Since September 11, 2001, all the urgency is back. The defense of our country is at stake, so this testimony becomes critical. In short, I believe that non-violent methods of conflict resolution provide the only methods for protecting our country against the deadly threats we face in the long run. Military action, with its inevitable consequences to civilian populations, creates and fuels deadly threats, and therefore increases the danger that our country faces.
I will come back to this, but first some other thoughts.
How did you get started with this?
Well before that, I had been a conscientious objector to the Vietnam War, and had done alternative service to the draft from 1970 to 1972 before starting grad school. Since most of my graduate studies were funded by an NSF Fellowship, I didn't think much about military funding and AI research at that time. After finishing my PhD, I did a year of post-doctoral research funded by a grant that Al Stevens and I negotiated directly with Craig Fields at DARPA. It was at the end of that year, looking for continuation funding, that I confronted the cruise missile scenario and had to decide what my research life is for, and who I am willing to have pay for it.
But how can you fund your research?
I have had funding from NSF, NASA, and NIH instead. There is a State of Texas Advanced Research Program that has supported several of my projects. And I have had small amounts of funding from several companies such as Tivoli and IBM.
These other agencies typically don't provide grants as large as one can get from DARPA, for example. So, there are limits to the size of research group I can have. With very few exceptions, I have decided that I will fund only grad students, and not try to support research staff or post-docs, who are much more expensive than grad students. I have sometimes had quite a few grad students, and a large lab, but the funding requirements remain moderate.
When I first decided to refuse military funding, I felt I would be making a serious sacrifice. As it has worked out, research money has sometimes been tight, but never disastrously so. And as I watched my colleagues dealing with DARPA's demands for reports, PI meetings, bake-offs, delays and reductions in promised funding, and other hassles, I began to wonder whether I hadn't gotten the best side of the deal after all.
It's important to remember that the bottom line in research is productivity of ideas, not dollars brought in. At some point, the hassle of dealing with an agency may decrease one's intellectual productivity more than the money they provide increases it. But that's a practical issue, not a matter of conscience.
The bottom line here is that refusing military funding puts a limit on how large a research budget I can sustain. But that's not the same as limiting my intellectual productivity.
What's wrong with taking military money? They have funded lots of great research!
That kind of research is enormously important, and I am glad that our society finds a way to fund it.
However, the goal of the military is to settle international conflict through violence. As a friend of mine was told by a general, "Everything we do ultimately has one of two goals: killing people or destroying things." I believe that this attitude towards conflict resolution has become a "clear and present danger" to our world and our country. The world has become so small through transportation and communication, and our weapons have become so deadly, nuclear and biological, that we cannot afford the illusion that violence makes us safer.
A true defense of our country would require both resources and research into non-violent conflict resolution methods. Both of these exist, but are starved compared with the technologies of warfare.
My stand is a testimony, saying "I will not devote my life's work toward making warfare more effective." I am also trying to show, by example, that one can be a successful and productive computer scientist, even while taking this stand.
Do you try to keep others from taking military funding?
Many years ago, when William Penn converted to Quakerism and pacifism, they were troubled by the thought of having to give up the sword that they wore, a great honor at the time. They asked George Fox, the founder of Quakerism, what they should do. Fox told him, "William, wear thy sword as long as thee can."
Why not use military funding for virtuous research?
Second, there's a slippery slope. You can start with a research project as pure as the driven snow. But a few years later, money is tight in the pure research category, and you get offered a research grant from a more applied office within the same agency. Do research on the same topic, but frame it in terms of a military mission. Step by step, you can slide into battlefield management and smart cruise missiles. One thing that makes the slope so slippery is that you have accumulated responsibility for a lab full of graduate students, and the consequences of a major drop in funding will be even more painful for them than it is for you.
Another thing that makes the slope slippery is that military problems are often very interesting. It's easy to get caught up in an interesting technical challenge, and lose sight of what is actually happening: that the objects in the plan are human beings, and that the actions that are being planned are to kill them.
With a little cleverness, you can find similarly fascinating problems in the space program, where there is NASA funding, or in the economic sphere, where there is private funding. Or in other areas of science, where NSF and NIH do the funding.
Is everything the military does tainted?
There are even signs that the professional military is reaching a clearer understanding than civilian policy-makers of the weaknesses of violence, and the strengths of non-violent approaches to conflict resolution. We may be moving toward the day when trained, disciplined soldiers will be able to move into a situation of conflict and restore civility and peace without loss of life.
That's a day worth working for.
The military can use your research anyway, from the open literature. Why not have them pay for it?
This argument is not very robust against speciousness and rationalization. If I make a rapid-fire machine gun firing armor-piercing bullets, and present it and evaluate it for the sport of target-shooting, I am deceiving myself (or more likely, not). Whoever funds the work, I am responsible for anticipating who is likely to use it.
At the same time, if I develop a new scheduling methodology for industrial processes, the military is likely to benefit, since it includes many industrial processes. But peaceful economic activity will benefit more, and the military benefits only in the aspects it shares with peaceful enterprises.
Do work that makes the world a better place. The fact that the military becomes better too is not a problem.
(From a graduating senior) Should I consider military involvement when I choose a graduate school?
Look for faculty members who can guide you in directions you want to go. This means looking for both intellect and integrity.
Are you ever tempted by large military grants?
After struggling with the question for several weeks, I decided that the need for testimonies like mine was becoming greater, not less, in these difficult times, so I have reluctantly passed on this possibility. Sigh.
The fact that a course of action is right does not necessarily make it easy.
What about September 11? We're under attack!
However, violent actions taken in the name of defense against terrorism are very likely to increase the likelihood and magnitude of future terrorist attacks. We need a combination of short-term vigilance and protection, and long-term efforts to reduce the problems that breed terrorism, both in non-violent ways.
Much more to be said about this, probably in other opinion pieces.
I am writing to ask for advice. I am one year away from graduating with a BS in computer science and am I considering graduate school. When I started looking around my department for some research to get involved in, I was surprised to find how much of it relies on military funding. This lead me to find your essay on why you don't take military funding. I share your views and as tempting as it is, and as much as I feel I'm missing out on some really interesting projects, I've decided I will not work on anything that receives military support. So, I'm hoping you can offer further advice on how and where to look for grad programs. How do I find other faculty who share this concern for the militarization of research? Will I find more options overseas? How and when do I tell prospective schools about my decision?
Although I did alternative service as a conscientious objector during the Vietnam war, I did not decide to avoid military funding until a year after completing my PhD. I was fortunate to have obtained NSF and Danforth Fellowships that funded almost all of my graduate studies. After I became a faculty member, I got quite good at raising grants from NSF, NIH, NASA, and other places.
You will need to do similar things, just starting earlier. There are a number of competitive fellowships for graduate study that you can apply for as an individual, and carry with you to your choice of graduate school. Many of these, like the NSF, the Hertz, the Gates, etc, are very competitive. It is a big advantage in such competitions to be clear on your own beliefs and your own priorities. Make sure you can express yourself in a clear and compelling way, and you have a significantly better chance. If you succeed in obtaining your own funding, it makes you much more desirable at top graduate programs.
A couple of useful quotes for this enterprise are, "Momma may have, and Poppa may have, but God bless the child who's got their own!" and "Be wise as serpents and gentle as doves." (Look them up.)
Even if you don't get this kind of fellowship, there are plenty of options for supporting yourself through graduate school without military funding. You can be a teaching assistant; you can be a research assistant to a faculty member with other kinds of funding; you can find work maintaining computers for a lab in another department; you can get a part-time outside job; and so on. Generally, rejecting the single largest funder will require you to be more creative about looking at other funding possibilities. This creativity will serve you well. One of the fortunate things about working in computer science is that you have a practical skill that is needed by people in many different areas, and they are often willing to pay for your services.
On finding faculty with similar beliefs, I would suggest just asking. A quick scan of each faculty member's web page, and especially the acknowledgements on publications, will tell you where they get their funding. Find a few people whose research you find attractive who have non-military funding, and talk to them.
Personally, I find it most productive to be clear and straight-forward, without being judgmental or confrontational. You will very likely find plenty of people who are very sympathetic to your values, but who aren't willing to make what they perceive as too large a sacrifice. In my personal opinion, it is more important to encourage people to see their choice of work, how it's funded, and what it's used for as an important moral decision that must reflect their own fundamental values, than to pressure them to make the same moral decisions that I have.
I doubt you will find better options overseas. I believe there is generally less funding available outside the US, and little of that would be available to a US student. There are some very fine graduate schools in other countries, but on average, the US has the best graduate schools in the world. Again, personally, I love this country, and I want my work and my life to help strengthen its good parts and help fix its problems. So I wouldn't want to leave.
How and when to tell is another judgment call. It depends on your own style, and how vocal a testimony you want to make. You may legitimately decide that this point is not relevant on the application for graduate school, or on the other hand, you may feel that it is central. You are not obliged to explain or justify every belief you have, however strongly held or controversial, to everyone you meet. You have to decide when you think it is relevant.
A final point. I think you are doing a good and noble thing. Following this path will be demanding, and maybe quite difficult, but I believe and hope it will also be rewarding in many ways, including practical ones. However, getting the education you need to make the best use of your gifts through the rest of your life is also an important value. You should not participate in activities that you believe are morally wrong, but there may be times in your life when preparing yourself for your future takes priority over making a visible testimony. There will be time and need for that later, you can be sure.
With my best wishes,
Ben Kuipers
WASHINGTON — In a stunning move, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has withdrawn their candidacy for House speaker.
GOP lawmakers said McCarthy told colleagues at the start of the conference Thursday that they were not the right person for the job. They recommended that the election be postponed, and Speaker John Boehner delayed it.
“As I have said previously, I will serve as speaker until the House votes to elect a new speaker,” Boehner told reporters.
Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan quickly diffused speculation that they might jump into the race for the role.
“Kevin McCarthy is the best person to lead the House, and so I'm disappointed in this decision,” Ryan said in a statement. “Now it is important that we, as a conference, take time to deliberate and seek new candidates for the speakership. While I am grateful for the encouragement I've received, I will not be a candidate. I continue to believe I can best serve the country and this conference as chairperson of the Ways and Means Committee.”
Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz, who launched their own bid for House speaker earlier this week, said they were shocked by McCarthy's decision.
“I was absolutely stunned,” Chaffetz said. “Didn't see that coming.”
Chaffetz said that he's “still running” but added that they aren't sure he's the right person for the role.
Rep. Charlie Dent suggested “a bipartisan coalition” may be necessary to find the next House speaker.
“We have to assemble a bipartisan coalition, that's the reality of this place,” Dent told CNN moments after McCarthy stepped aside. “The question now is: Who's gonna step up and try to grab the brass ring?”
At the White House, press secretary Josh Earnest said the Obama administration "did not get a heads-up” about McCarthy's announcement.
On Capitol Hill, McCarthy spoke briefly to reporters, vowing they would “stay on as majority leader.”
We're public servants. I have always put this Conference and Country ahead of myself. We need to unite behind one leader and get to work. — Kevin McCarthy (@GOPLeader) October 8, 2015
Last week, McCarthy came under fire for suggesting the select committee investigating Benghazi was summoned to derail Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential bid.
“Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right?” McCarthy said on Fox News. “But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are their numbers Friday? What are their numbers today? Them numbers are dropping. Why? Because she's untrustable. But no one would have known any of that had happened had we not fought.”
Clinton condemned those comments.
“When I hear a statement like that — which demonstrates unequivocally that this was always meant to be a partisan political exercise — I feel like it does a grave disservice and dishonors not just the memory of the four that we lost, but of everybody who has served our country,” Clinton said. “I really regret the way that they have treated this serious matter.”
“That wasn't helpful,” McCarthy said Thursday when asked if their comments about the committee hurt their candidacy. “I just think it's best to have a new face.”
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Calif., leaves a meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., on Thursday. (Photo: Evan Vucci/AP)
In June, Whiteside signed a four-year, $98 million contract to stay with the Heat
Miami Heat center Hassan Whiteside closed on the $7.3 million purchase of a new Miami Beach home, sources told The Real Deal.
Whiteside, who signed a four-year, $98 million contract to stay with the Heat in June, bought the six-bedroom, 5,406-square-foot home at 528 Lakeview Court.
ONE Sotheby's International Realty agent Barbara Lamar had the contemporary-style house on and off the market since 2015. At its peak, the waterfront home was listed for $13 million in February of last year and most recently for $7.95 million in June, according to Realtor.com. Darren Weiner, managing director of Douglas Elliman's Sports & Entertainment Division, represented Whiteside. Both brokers declined to comment to TRD.
Records show Lewes, Delaware-based Venetian Coaster LLC sold the 17,676-square-foot property. It last traded for $5.9 million in 2012.
Built in 2014, the home features an open floor plan with a gourmet kitchen, pool, bar, summer kitchen, cabana, a guest house with a private entrance, staff quarters, and a large dock. LF Development built the house, according to its website. Borges + Associates Architects designed it, according to a spokesperson.
Whiteside is a new neighbor to Matthew Lazenby, president and CEO of Whitman Family Development, which owns Bal Harbour Shops. Jason Rubell and Michelle Simkins also own a property a couple of doors down, records show.
Whiteside's coach, Erik Spoelstra, paid $2.6 million for a 5,400-square-foot house in Coconut Grove in late May.
A North Carolina native, Whiteside was drafted by the Sacramento Kings in 2010, played for a number of teams abroad and then joined the Heat in 2014.
Check out more photos of Whiteside's new house:
The I-Team found one of the first people to be diagnosed with something a researcher calls "infectobesity." Their case helped researchers identify the virus, and the Wisconsin man diagnosed calls it a miracle.
Randy Voss grew up on a farm outside Peoria, Illinois. "I remember saying 'boy, I just am so tiny I wish I could gain some weight.'"
And then something changed when Randy turned 11.
"I was kind of a picky eater before, and after that there was nothing I didn't like." Randy remembers suddenly being hungry all the time. The pounds started to pile on. They told us, "I just gained weight every time I turned around."
As a teenager - Randy was 50 pounds overweight. As they got older, things got worse. In their mid 30's, Randy had a hard time keeping up their dairy farm in northwest Wisconsin. They weighed 345 pounds, and could barely walk.
"I knew in the back of my mind this is a losing battle. I'm gonna lose this. I can't win this battle."
And then Randy met a young scientist from India doing a fellowship at UW-Madison. Nikhil Dhurandhar was studying a virus they believed was making people fat.
"We call it hit and run phenomenon. It is possible it comes in, turns something off or something on."
Adenovirus 36, or AD-36, causes the body to produce more fat cells. The virus eventually leaves, but the damage is permanent. "Treatment may be like any other type of obesity. There's not a special treatment for obesity due to viral infection," Dhurandhar explained.
They tested Randy, who was positive for antibodies to AD-36, meaning at some point they were infected with the virus.
Randy calls the discovery "absolutely liberating." They finally had an explanation for the weight, which they still had to lose. There is no cure for obesity caused by a virus.
Down to 190 pounds at one point, they were climbing back up the scale in their late 50's. Randy decided to have a gastric procedure.
"I had a little more energy so I could exercise better," Randy told us. They were finally starting to feel normal.
He's now 165 pounds. Randy follows a strict exercise and eating regimen. "If I stopped that lifestyle, that weight is out there around the corner. It would be back."
Now 64, Randy can't believe he's still around to enjoy their grandchildren. "It was just such a miracle that I found out about it when I did."
Dhurandhar was the first to discover a virus that causes obesity. Today, 10 other viruses have been reported. It's hard to say how many in the U.S. are infected with AD-36. Only people in research studies are being screened.
There is no treatment for AD-36, so the focus is on preventing the infection by developing a childhood vaccine.
Be sure and try our new SNOWCAST APP! It is the "snow equivalent to STORM SHIELD" - a great new product that gives you high resolution snow forecasts for any part of the nation! It has just been introduced for iPhones, but we are working on the Android version! Just search SNOWCAST in the App Store or click here.
BBC News: A prominent BBC News sign language interpreter has been sacked after complaints from deaf people revealed that they were ‘sometimes embellishing, sometimes just making stuff up.'
Leslie Grange, 32, has been a sign language interpreter for seven years. In a statement today they cited ‘personal difficulties – particularly a crushing professional boredom' as to why, over the past six months, they had started deviating from what was actually being reported, giving deaf viewers an often ‘wildly different version of events'.
“Questions started to be raised around the time of the Japanese earthquake when several viewers emailed us to complain about our reports of radioactive zombies sighted near the nuclear reactor. We dismissed them as some sort of organised hoax.”
“However, when there were similar numbers getting in touch to ask if Rebekah Brooks was really in trouble for raping a monkey, and why the BBC was claiming that, as a special summer treat, the Prime Minister had told the nation's teenagers they didn't have to pay for anything any more, we realised something was wrong.”
“I would like to apologise to everyone in the deaf community,” Grange told reporters today, “though when I had Cameron tell Obama “your statesmen-like profile leaves my willy plump” – well, frankly I don't think that is so very far from the truth.”
[Story: Jasper Gibson, Pic: Q4Nobody]
Next > London Wow Investigates Buckingham Palace
It is often said that money doesn't grow on trees.
But a group of German hikers were forced to question that wisdom when they found themselves caught in a deluge of 50 euro notes.
The walkers were relaxing at a campsite in the Mirow area of north-eastern Germany when the cash began to fall from an oak tree overhead.
Lucky find: A group of hikers in Germany could be set to claim a £160,000 windfall, after a deluge of 50 euro notes fell from an oak tree in their campsite (file image)
They dutifully collected as much as they could - and were astonished to find it amounted to around £160,000.
On closer inspection, they discovered it had been placed in a plastic bag among the branches.
The sack had been tied with an elastic band that then melted in hot weather - sending the notes cascading over the campsite near Berlin last week.
Windfall: If authorities are unable to find the real owner of the cash within six months, German law says the campers will be able to keep the lot (file photo)
The site's owner claims the money is his, but there has been no explanation for why it was up a tree.
Authorities have yet to discover the real owner of the money, although it is suspected that the money could be linked to a fire in a cottage on the site earlier that week.
A screen-grab from a social media user shows Todd Barclay's status which invoked the wrath of Campbell Live supporters.
Clutha-Southland MP Todd Barclay is facing the wrath of social media users after making comments about Campbell Live.
New Zealand's youngest MP, Barclay posted a status on their Facebook page last night which said: "No surprises that it's only Labour Party MPs scrambling to keep Campbell Live running #goodjobmikehosking"
The post came after yesterday's announcement from Mediaworks the primetime show was under review.
What should replace Campbell Live? Share your stories, photos and videos. Contribute
READ MORE:
* Campbell Live vs Jono and Ben
* Campbell: 'I've got to be a dad'
* Last beacon on investigative hope
* Campbell Live review reflects cold commercial reality
Mediaworks have quashed rumours that a nightly edition of 'Jono and Ben' would replace Campbell Live.
They confirmed Campbell Live was under review.
Barclay later took the post down, replacing it with another status saying they stood corrected.
Comments on the new status included congratulating Barclay for apologising for their original post, but many took them to task for deleting it, and expressed their support for the programme.
Facebook user Paige Kirk branded their status as "disgusting", while AJ Burton said it was nasty.
ROBERT KITCHIN/Stuff.co.nz People on the streets of Wellington have their say on the possibility of Campbell Live being taken off air.
"Obviously they couldn't hack the comments that ensued from their nasty status update in which they attacked Labour MPs and Campbell Live. Oh and what a surprise, that status update has since 'disappeared'."
Barclay this morning apologised for the post, and said they never intended to cause offence.
"I took it down because it was fuelling the fire ... it was meant to be a light-hearted comment to stir a bit of debate.
"At the end of the day I watch Campbell Live from time to time, [and] I watch Seven Sharp from time to time.
"It was never intended to be a nasty comment against Campbell Live," they said.
A spokesperson for Prime Minister John Key said: "I understand it was a flippant remark which has since been removed.
"The Government doesn't have a view on what is a commercial decision for a commercial operator."
The 'Jono and Ben' rumours stemmed from an NZME article which cited unnamed TV3 sources. While the article itself suggested a "Jono and Ben-style" show could replace Campbell Live, a version of its headline read "Campbell live to be axed? TV3 bosses say they may replace show with Jono and Ben".
Mediaworks lawyer Alex Nicholson said the suggestion of Jono and Ben replacing Campbell Live was a "complete fabrication".
"Jono and Ben has never once been mentioned in any MediaWorks management forum, discussion or document as a possible replacement for Campbell Live."
Elsewhere, media professionals have lined up to defend Campbell.
One News reporter Andrew Morrison tweeted their support last night.
" I know TV3 are the opposition and all but if they axe @CampbellLiveNZ it will be a very sad day for NZ journalism indeed."
Veteran journalist Bill Ralston struck out out TV management, tweeting:
"For the record: TV3 top management are intellectual pygmies (excepting Jennings) who never understand good current affairs @JohnJCampbell".
Newstalk ZB's James Robins emphasised Campbell's reporting following the Christchurch Earthquake.
"Ask some Christchurchians how they feel about Campbell Live being threatened, & tell me that decent TV journalism doesn't make a difference."
On the streets of Wellington, many supported Campbell Live but admitted they didn't watch much TV themselves.
"Although we're not big television watchers I do really respect them as an independent journalist," said Greg Hart.
"I don't really watch TV, but I used to watch TV quite a bit, and that was a show I really liked," said Rachel Anastasi.
Support for Campbell was not universal. Katie Smith of Wellington said the show just looked for things to criticise.
"I don't enjoy watching their show, it's too critical," they said.
*Comments are now closed on this story
Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON -- As the Canadian government prepares its quadrennial U.S. presidential inauguration bash at its embassy on Pennsylvania Avenue, this year's menu plans include poutine, salmon, beef, tourtiere -- and a reduced bill for taxpayers.
The government hopes to have companies foot the full cost for this year's festivities, unlike in 2013, when sponsors covered three-quarters of the cost and taxpayers paid the remaining $44,096, according to documents obtained by The Canadian Press through the Access to Information Act.
Canada's event usually draws a strong turnout given the prime location as the only foreign embassy in the area, near the National Mall and right along the parade route. On Friday, Donald Trump will take the oath of office at the U.S. Capitol to become the 45th president, then pass the embassy and its string of Canadian flags en route to the White House.
Few Canadians appear inclined to celebrate this year's event, if polls are to be believed. A mere 18 per cent told an Angus Reid survey in November that they were somewhat or very pleased with Trump's win.
So did the government have any second thoughts about hosting a party this year? Not for a moment, said David MacNaughton, Canada's ambassador to the U.S.
"We'd be crazy not to use the assets we have here -- of being the only embassy between the Capitol and the White House," MacNaughton said in an interview.
"It is a fantastic asset for the people of Canada. We would be nuts not to use it to continue to build our contacts and our relationships with the government in the United States, at all levels ... regardless of who the president of the United States is."
Members of Congress and some governors are likely to drop by, they added. Trump adviser Newt Gingrich has made an appearance in the past.
"For those who would criticize, I can't imagine what the reaction would be if we said, 'Oh, we're actually not going to use this asset that the people of Canada have paid for, to help promote Canada,"' MacNaughton said.
"That would be pretty dumb, frankly."
The embassy team has been seeking out U.S. allies at all levels of government, and in different industries, for potentially difficult conversations this year surrounding the North American Free Trade Agreement and Buy American infrastructure restrictions.
The Canadian-hosted event has occurred for every inauguration since 1993. The embassy expects 1,800 people to attend this year's bash, which will include a tailgate party and parade-viewing from the embassy's outdoor courtyard.
Some of the more prominent guests will be invited up to the ambassador's suite atop the building. Earlier this year, visitors to the embassy's White House Correspondents' Dinner party included Reince Priebus -- chairperson of the Republican party at the time, and soon to be the White House chief of staff.
An embassy spokesperson suggested Friday's cost to taxpayers would be lower than for Barack Obama's last inauguration. The federal documents obtained by CP suggest the final tally came in at $186,174, with corporate sponsors footing $142,078 of the bill.
"Our expectation is that the events (this time)... will be fully covered by our corporate partners," said spokesperson Christine Constantin.
Another difference from the Obama inaugurations is the level of enthusiasm in Washington.
Inauguration tickets are still being offered online. Several musicians have pulled out of the event. The latest cancellation came Monday from Bruce Springsteen -- not from the musician himself, who'd refused to play for Trump, but from a cover band that also withdrew.
Numerous hotel rooms are still available in Washington. Trump's even less popular here than they are in Canada. In the U.S. capital, the incoming president received four per cent of the vote -- the worst result for any major party nominee in the district, ever.
Hamilton got a sizable nod on Monday's Canadian-themed edition of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother.
The episode recalls the younger days of main character Robin Scherbatsky, played by Vancouverite Cobie Smulders, when they were a mid-level Canadian pop star.
The episode boasts a flashback to Robin's performance at the 1996 Grey Cup in Hamilton.
(The Toronto Argonauts beat the Edmonton Eskimos during the contest, the last Grey Cup to be held at Ivor Wynne Stadium.)
In the sequence, the character sabotages their burgeoning music career by going off-script, performing an angst-ridden grunge number instead of their pop hit Let's Go to the Mall, the bouncy synth-pop confection that they were slated to deliver at half-time.
The episode also features plenty of Canadian-born celebs, including Jeopardy's Alex Trebek, actors Alan Thicke, Jason Priestley and McMaster alum Dave Thomas, and musicians k.d. lang and Paul Shaffer.
Here's how Twitter users in Hamilton reacted to the Steeltown reference:
Four decades ago, on New Year's Day 1975, the first International Women's Year kicked off, sponsored by the United Nations. Had it happened five or ten years earlier the event would have been blithely ignored by Ireland's overwhelmingly male ruling class, but we had recently joined the EEC and Europe insisted the State make an effort to at least appear vaguely interested.
Four decades ago, on New Year's Day 1975, the first International Women's Year kicked off, sponsored by the United Nations. Had it happened five or ten years earlier the event would have been blithely ignored by Ireland's overwhelmingly male ruling class, but we had recently joined the EEC and Europe insisted the State make an effort to at least appear vaguely interested.
The lot of Irish women 40 years ago was a truly sorry one. The average industrial wage for a man was £53 against £27 for a woman. One in four women working outside the home were clerked/typists while one in 25 were nuns. Females were also barred from most apprenticeships, and while a male could sign on the dole upon turning 18, a female couldn't.
The 1970s were a time when many of the big purchases of the average Irish household - the fridge, the TV set, the record player - were bought in weekly instalments by hire purchase agreement.
In 1975 it was standard practice for hire purchase firms, along with the banks, to refuse a loan to a married woman unless their husband underwrote it, even if they were out in the workplace bringing in their own income. If a husband and wife shared a passport, they could travel on it alone, while their wife could only do so with their permission.
Women were also effectively barred from jury duty because only property owners qualified, and virtually all family homes and business premises were in the names of men. Worse, a married woman had no right to a half-share of the family home, even if they were the sole breadwinner.
Women had no right to get a barring order against a violent partner. The stark choice for the victim was to go home to the aggressor or find somewhere else to hide out. In the eyes of the law a married woman shared the same domicile as their husband. If the husband left to make a new life in, say, the USA, they could obtain a divorce there on the grounds that their wife, even though they remained back in Ireland, was now domiciled in the States and fair game for US divorce proceedings.
One of the most oppressive anti-women laws on the books at the start of 1975 was that of Criminal Conversation which had been the subject of a notorious court case that had scandalised society a couple of years earlier.
Criminal Conversation, which enshrined in law that a wife was the property of their husband, had been abolished in England in 1857 but remained on the Irish statute books.
In June 1972, Werner Braun, a German settled in Ireland, sued Roches' Stores director Stanley Roche,for "debauching" their wife Heidi at various locations.
Werner told Dublin's High Court that he'd been tipped off about the affair in an anonymous Christmas card which accused them of "pimping" their wife. The court heard that at one point the angry husband had "struck" their wife in a row over their affair. The Irish Independent reported that on hearing this the judge remarked that: "No man of spirit would have done otherwise."
Awarding Werner the hefty sum of £12,000 in damages for what was deemed the theft of their wife, the judge pointed out, as reported by this newspaper at the time: "In this country a wife was regarded as a chattel, just as a thoroughbred mare or cow, and the jury was concerned merely with compensating Mr Braun for the value of the loss of their wife and the damages to their feelings."
The sensational trial was dubbed 'The Case Of The Chattel Wife' by the public, and two Labour deputies raised the matter in the Dáil with Justice Minister Des O'Malley. In response to their demands that they should repeal this law that deemed a woman to be their husband's property, the minister said that they didn't believe there was any need for urgent action.
The EEC wanted all of these oppressive situations addressed, and ordered the government to start by putting equal pay on the statute books by the end of 1975. The politicians compiled by drafting the legislation, but then did nothing to enact it. The Federated Union of Employers raised furious objections to paying women the same as men, insisting it would banjax the economy.
The Reverend Brother Vivien Cassels spoke for many when they remarked: "There is still a high percentage of women working for no valid reason, though they realise that by doing so they are depriving many young people from starting their careers in the civil service, banking or teaching.
"These people are not willing to forego the perks that a second salary can bring, like a trip to the Costa Brava, that second car or that well-stocked cocktail cabinet."
Union protests against sexist recruitment adverts were conspicuous by their absence. One posted in a Grafton St agency window read: "Receptionist/Typist: Christmas decorating? Why not start with your reception area and employ a girl like Joan. Joan is 25, very attractive. Altogether a lovely girl."
By the close of 1975 some equality legislation had been drafted but almost none enacted. Pressurised by employers and unions the FG/Labour coalition deferred equal pay until late 1977, by which time they'd been handed their P45 by the voters.
Criminal Conversation remained on the books until 1981.
Indo Review
An eight-tiered wedding cake, made by Fiona Cairns, inside Buckingham Palace in London shortly before Prince William married Kate Middleton in Westminster Abbey. (Reuters/Pool)
There's someone in the world who paid $7,500 to buy an old piece of fruitcake.
No, that's not a joke. Yes, it was a bit of a publicity stunt. (How did you guess?)
The fruitcake in question is pretty special, I'll give them that. It was served to guests at the wedding of Prince William and the duchess formerly known as Kate Middleton in April 2011.
The purchaser in question is Gee Chuang, chief executive of the Silicon Valley startup Listia, which plans to use the old wedding cake as a part of a company promotion on the royals' fourth wedding anniversary.
That's all good and well, I guess.
Julien's Auctions, the Beverly Hills auction house that hosted the sale over the weekend, was also reportedly responsible for selling some Prince Charles-Princess Diana wedding cake for over $6,000, a whopping 27 years after the thing was baked.
But if there is anything you should take away from this news, it is this: Fruitcake is terrible.
RELATED: 7 ways to fix fruitcake's image problem
The slightly sticky concoction of nuts, old dried fruit, (occasionally) alcohol, sugar and a bunch of other stuff might be good a few days after it is baked. But the whole point of fruitcake is that its proponents delight in the fact that you can eat it months, if not years, after it comes out of the oven.
Let that sink in. Years.
Science has even confirmed that you can probably eat certain types of fruitcake after the expiration date because, fruitcakes. Specifically, according to a new study, there's so little moisture that very little — not even bacteria — can survive in there.
Fruitcakes might last forever.
“All of these dried and candied ingredients have what we call ‘low water activity' — meaning they have very little moisture available,” Ben Chapman, a food safety researcher at North Carolina State University, said in a press release. “Low water activity is important because many microorganisms, including foodborne illness-causing bacteria, need moisture in order to reproduce.”
Contrary to popular belief, that's not always a good thing. As Chapman notes, after all that time, “it might taste pretty bad.”
Look, I know plenty of people disagree. Among them are some very famous people, not the least of whom are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. There's also Paul McCartney, who reportedly orders one every year from the same bakery used by the royals.
Fiona Cairns (R) and their team put the finishing touches on the royal wedding cake in April 2011. (Reuters/Pool)
Baker Fiona Cairns is famous for their fruitcakes. And their bakery spent five weeks producing and then three days assembling the admittedly beautiful royal wedding cake. It is nothing if not a pretty piece of once-edible history.
Along with the piece of fruitcake, which has (hopefully) been frozen or refrigerated in its original presentation tin since the wedding, Chuang and Listia purchased a blank invitation to the event of the decade, printed on the queen's stationery.
And as long as it is considered a novelty collectible item (and not an edible one), there's nothing wrong with a little old wedding fruitcake.
Chuang said that up-bidding brought the sale price of the cake to $6,000 from the $1,000 to $2,000 it was originally projected to fetch. Add about $1,500 in fees and you've got one very expensive piece of old, gross food. Still, Chuang said it was less than their company had budgeted.
The fruitcake will be traded on the company's listing marketplace next year, where you can “buy” it for free with Listia “currency” that can then be used to in trades on Listia's marketplace.
Notably, Chuang doesn't really like fruitcake either.
“Not particularly,” they said when asked by The Post if they have an appreciation for the dessert.
“Fruitcake is one of those things during the holidays you find yourself eating,” they said. “It's a very festive thing, I think.”
They added: “Once a year, I do enjoy it, but it's not one of those things you eat every month.”
So there you have it.
The best thing about fruitcake is still “The Tonight Show's” Fruitcake Lady:
In the early 1970s, two members of New York rock band Wicked Lester, Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons, struck out to start a new group. They recruited drummer Peter Criss and guitarist Ace Frehley, and by early 1973 had settled on a name — KISS.
Their first gig as KISS was at the Popcorn Club in Queens, New York, on Jan. 30, 1973. The band members outnumbered the audience of three.
It wasn't until a couple months later that the group began to develop their signature look. During performances at The Daisy in Amityville, New York, on March 9 and 10, the band took to the stage with striking black and white makeup.
Each man's makeup reflected a character and personality: Stanley's heady romantic “Starchild,” Simmons' twisted and cynical “Demon,” Criss' nine-lived “Catman,” and Frehley's extraterrestrial “Space Ace.”
Here, the glam-metal quartet go through their well-practiced makeup routines backstage before shows in 1975.
European Central Bank (ECB) chief Mario Draghi has suggested a controversial bond-buying scheme will go ahead despite opposition from Germany's Bundesbank.
Bonds with maturity of up to three years could be purchased under the plan, they said, according to MEPs present at a closed-door meeting on Monday (3 September).
"I would expect, after this session, that there will be more bond-buying," German Green MEP Sven Giegold told journalists after the meeting.
Their French centre-right colleague Jean-Paul Gauzes said Draghi had explained that "he does not have a problem with the ECB buying two-three year bonds on the secondary market, as this does not amount to printing money."
It is the first time Draghi has indicated the maturity of the bonds to be purchased. In a press conference last month, Draghi referred only to "short-term bonds" which could be bought if a country first makes an official request to the eurozone bailout fund to buy up its bonds.
Spain is issuing €3.5 billion worth of two and three-year bonds on Thursday, just hours before the monthly meeting of the ECB governing council when details are expected to be announced about the bond-buying scheme.
Even though the central bank is not allowed to directly purchase the bonds from the governments, its intention to buy them from traders (on the secondary market) may boost the demand for these bonds and lower their interest rates.
The ECB's bond-buying programme has existed since 2010. But it has been dormant this year following a massive intervention in November, which helped lower the borrowing costs of the Spanish and Italian governments.
Germany's Bundesbank is still fiercely opposing a resumption of the scheme, even if Spain promises to commit to a reform programme in return.
But some argue it has no choice.
"The ECB has taken over political responsibilities beyond the monetary policy, because politicians have not sufficiently taken up the political responsibility for the euro," Austrian Conservative MEP Othmar Karas told this website.
"The treaty is clear, the purchase of bonds that are limited in time is not a money printing machine. Limited in time means shorter than three years," they added, after also having taking part in the closed session with Draghi.
They noted that the more the ECB is forced to intervene, the less democratic scrutiny there is over these actions: "We have a clear political model, constitutional obligations, but we urgently need actions, because we have no time."
EU top rating in jeopardy
Moody's, one of the big three ratings agencies, meanwhile warned it may slash the EU's own top rating, given that Gremany, France, the UK and Netherlands could also be stripped of their AAA rating and that they account for 45 percent of the EU budget.
The European Commission is empowered to borrow up to €65 billion on behalf of the EU in the so-called European Financial Stability Mechanism.
The scheme was used for the bailouts of Ireland and Portugal, to the tune of €48.5 billion. The EU is also a guarantor for the European Investment Bank. Its potential downgrade will affect the terms under which the EIB can borrow.
Moody's warned that a "weakening of the commitment of the member states to the EU" and a relaxation of EU's budget rules could both lead to a downgrade of the EU rating as a whole.
Britain in recent months has been gripped by a political debate on whether to stay in or leave the EU, while pressure from the troubled eurozone countries is mounting on the EU commission to be less drastic on calling for reductions of budget deficits.
A tiny Serbian hamlet plays host to the 10th annual World Testicle Cooking Contest. A panel of judges pours over bowls of goulash that have been stewing for hours and served in clay pots.
Contest judge Stein Brauten, a retired military officer from Lillehammer, Norway, takes their role as goulash referee seriously.
"I'm looking for taste and the mix of spices and what you can actually develop this into," they say. "How can you actually present this on an international table–that's what I am after."
This contest is a small affair with just a few hundred people–most of them part of the dozen cooking teams.
Spectator Cornelius Vermeer, a Dutchman from Amsterdam, traveled to Serbia especially for this event. As they slam down one bowl and digs into another, they say they can't wait to try them all.
"I want to taste it here. They have a few–like from the cow, from the pig, I have tried this one–I don't know what it's called but it's very good!"
The event attracts mostly middle-aged men for a weekend of barbecuing and drinking. It's a male-dominated atmosphere. But not all women shied away. Megan Hogarth from Tasmania, Australia said the atmosphere was electric.
"I think there are a lot festivals all around the world that are much bigger and much better known that aren't half as interesting as this," they say. "I mean, everyone is cooking testicles of all things and a lot of them are from countries where it isn't actually common to eat testicles which makes it all the more strange."
Festival founder Ljubomir Erovic says he's happy to keep the event small while reaching out for maximum publicity. They say Serbia is working to shed its bad image from the violent breakup of Yugoslavia and it's pageants like these they like to celebrate those that have the courage, or the balls to be the underdog.
"You know, Swiss have cheese, Scots have scotch but we Serbians have balls."
Organizers will also elect the "Ballsiest Man of the Year." Past recipients include President Obama and Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. This year's ballsiest man won't be named untill the end of the year, but tipped for the prize are German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, both of whom have shown strong will and courage on the world stage; in other words, real cojones.
The media's often called the fourth estate. Where's that come from? In the Middle Ages in Europe the first estate was the nobility, the second estate was the clergy, and the third estate was peasants, everyone else. Together the three estates constituted a feudal "realm." The king existed outside the estates and used them to maintain control. The fourth estate, as such, acts outside the standard power structure, and can either help to legitimize or delegitimize government power and policy.
The war on drugs would have been impossible for the government to wage for the last 40 plus years without support from the media. The drug war is horrific. Earlier this month, a DEA agent shot a grandmother reaching for their child during a raid that found no drugs. In the summer, a SWAT team in Georgia threw a flashbang into a baby's crib, critically injuring it. There are more than 150 such raids each day in America, so there are a lot of horrifying stories that come out of that, on a regular basis. Rarely, if ever, do such stories break out of the local news and into the national news cycle. There is no equivalent of the Ferguson story when it comes to the drug war. But these stories are just as frightening and outrageous.
That's where outlets like Reason.com come in. Today, a local story in Georgia can receive attention nationwide even in the absence of traditional news coverage because of the proliferation of online media sources. So they can amplify local stories and bring more attention to them. That's important for a couple of reasons: First, wider attention to local drug war abuses increases awareness of them and the real cost of the drug war. Second, such wider attention for local stories incentivizes local news media to cover drug war outrage stories. All media are animated by the drive for consumers: readers, viewers, listeners. Drug war stories are popular because they strike us emotionally. As local news outlets realize how much traffic those kinds of stories drive, there will be more stories like that, and more of an effort to bring those stories to the attention of national online outlets like Reason.com, which can turn around and bring those stories to an even wider audience.
The twisted way in which the media distorts the particulars of the drug war—sanitizing its destruction and hyperbolizing the dangers of its targets—has always perplexed me. Before coming to Reason I spent several years working at NBC and Fox News, and worked with people who had been all around the business for years and even decades. And there's a lot of drug use in journalism. A government study in 2007 found about 13 percent of employees in media admitting to using drugs in the previous month, in the top five professions for drug use. So how do so many members of the media get the drug war so wrong? I suppose for the same reason staffers in DC all seem to smoke pot but their bosses are mostly against legalizing the thing.
That's starting to change. Just like the politicians—the new first estate—are slowly catching up with the public and easing their positions against drugs, so the fourth estate will as well. In neither case will it be because politicians nor journalists suddenly found religion. It will be because public opinion has shifted despite their best attempts to control it, because of the proliferation of media sources and viewpoints that make it increasingly more difficult for the powers that be to define the terms not just of the drug war debate but of the acknowledged realities of the drug war.
Going back to the Georgia SWAT team case and Baby Bou Bou. After being reported by WSB-TV, an Atlanta TV station that regularly covers local government abuse stories—because they do so well—the story of Baby Bou Bou was picked up by CNN. It didn't gain the kind of momentum other stories do because the organized interests in favor of ending drug prohibition are still very much outside the mainstream. So you hear about Ray Rice instead. But Reason can draw as much traffic highlighting the horrors of the drug war as a site like Deadspin can writing about Ray Rice or posting Brett Favre's dick pics. That makes all your work more important. Public opinion is on your side. The media, as such, may never be, but the end is drawing near on their ability to ignore the reality of drugs and the drug war and replace it with their fantasies. And that's going to require pressure from you.
Just last week a local paper in Massachusetts wrote a scare piece about gnome, 25-I, a synthetic drug that's supposed to be something like LSD. My understanding is it's a pretty subpar drug. And this local paper in Massachusetts ran a story about how dangerous 25-I was and how law enforcement officials and politicians were worried about this drug and wanted to ban it. The paper did acknowledge that none of the police departments it talked to reported any cases of anyone being busted for the drug, but failed to mention the DEA already banned it, by executive fiat, last year. We ridiculed them for it at Reason.com, as we regularly do with drug scaremongering and all kinds of hysteria, but this stuff's going to continue in traditional media for some time because fear is a powerful tool to attract an audience. And even though interest is growing in the horrifying realities of the drug war, a lot of the media will keep falling back on what they know, until you show them better.
This column is based on remarks at the Students for Sensible Drug Policy Conference in Arlington, Va. this weekend.
AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley
One of the most memorable aspects of the video featuring Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis delivering their speech upon being released from jail was the fact that “Eye of the Tiger” was blaring from speakers in the background, undoubtedly in the hopes of giving viewers the impression that Davis was a champion rising to victory from the ashes of defeat.
The song is famously associated with Sylvester Stallone's character Rocky Balboa, as the anthem was recorded by the band Survivor for 1982's boxing epic Rocky III. And Survivor is not pleased the song was used without their permission and in this particular context. A note posted to the band's official Facebook page makes that clear:
Now TMZ reports that bandmembers are not only irate to be linked with Kim Davis and GOP presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee, but they're considering taking legal action to preserve the integrity of their music.
This Story Filed Under
Enlarge By Craig Fritz for USA TODAY Patients who use marijuana in states where it's legal for medicinal puproses are getting into trouble under federal law. USAGE OK Where medical marijuana is legal, and when the law went into effect: Alaska, 1998 California, 1996 Colorado, 2000 D.C., May, 2010* Hawaii, 2000 Maine, 1999 Maryland, 2003 Michigan, 2008 Montana, 2004 Nevada, 2000 New Jersey, January 2010* New Mexico, 2007 Oregon, 1998 Rhode Island, 2006 Vermont, 2004 Washington, 1998 * Not yet in effect Source: The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws People who use marijuana for medicinal purposes in states where it is legal are being penalized by the federal government because pot is still illegal under U.S. law. At Denver unemployment offices, medical users fired for failing a drug test are denied unemployment benefits, says lawyer Kimberlie Ryan, who represents some of those applicants. In California, Jim Lacy, 60, who has an arthritic hip and uses medical marijuana for pain relief, says they have had their stash confiscated and been threatened with arrest at Border Patrol checkpoints near their Jacumba home. LAWS: Conflicts trap patients on marijuana MARIJUANA: Doctors help make pot available in Calif. MORE: Medical pot use, job rules can conflict In Las Vegas, N.M., cancer patient Robert Jones, 70, says they have been notified that their federal rent subsidy is being revoked because they are a medical-marijuana user. Marijuana dispensary operator Steve DeAngelo of Harborside Health Center in Oakland says their federally insured bank dumped their account because they deal in an illegal drug. Problems occur at airport security checkpoints in medical marijuana states. Baggage screeners, who work for the federal Transportation Security Administration, turn medical marijuana users over to local police for prosecution, according to Ed Skvarna, chief of the Burbank airport police. "It's outrageous, but the government's cannabis policies are outrageous," says Bill Panzer, an Oakland lawyer who co-wrote the nation's first medical-marijuana law, approved by California voters in 1996. The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy website says smoking marijuana "is not considered modern medicine." It says the drug has a high potential for abuse, the smoke can be as harmful as cigarettes, and it has not been proven effective under the standards of the Food and Drug Administration. The Justice Department does not usually prosecute medical-marijuana users, but officials of other federal agencies say they are required to treat pot as an illegal drug. "We're charged with enforcing federal law," says Border Patrol spokesperson Kelly Ivahnenko. Landlords "may exercise discretion" in deciding whether to evict tenants who use medical marijuana, says Helen Kanovsky, general counsel for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. New Mexico HUD administrator Mandy Griego says HUD's policy is that pot, "for medicinal purposes or not," is prohibited at HUD-subsidized properties, and termination for possession "must be applied consistently for all tenants." Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch your heads! The punditry pendulum is swinging again. For a while there, everyone was saying that global capitalism was dead, or at least fatally discredited. Then came the European Parliament elections. In votes held from June 4 through June 7 in 27 European Union countries, an impressive percentage of conservative parties, whether currently in government or in opposition, routed their counterparts on the left. Hence the instant analysis across the continent: Capitalism rocks! The Right has might! If the Left is losing now, when on earth can it win?
As an enthusiastic critic of welfare-state socialism, I wish that it were all that clear. But it isn't.
First, consider the pure protest factor. In places like Greece and Spain, it wasn't ideology that moved voters, it was incumbency. Here in Ireland, the left-leaning Green Party has been decimated by the fact that it is part of the governing coalition headed by the ragingly unpopular Fianna Fail party. The equally left-leaning Labor Party has been rejuvenated by the fact that it isn't. End of story.
In Britain, Labor's problems seem to be far less a matter of ideology than personality. Prime Minister Gordon Brown, whose popularity began sinking almost from the moment they took office, was actually gaining ground as a result of the economic meltdown, which the public seemed to feel they were handling capably.
Then came achingly ill-timed revelations that parliamentarians had taken absurd expense-account reimbursements. (The politically worst—and anecdotally best—case was perhaps that of the ironically named Douglas Hogg, who handed taxpayers the bill for cleaning their moat.) All political parties were embarrassed—Hogg, for one, is a Conservative—but Tory leader David Cameron responded deftly. Brown responded dully. For this and other reasons, they find themselves facing a public mutiny in their own ranks. Last week, Labor lost big in elections for local councils and for seats in the European Parliament—but the reason was scandal, not socialism.
Then there are all the places where the Left, quite apart from any intellectual lunacy, is in even more abject functional disarray than usual. In France, the only thing that President Nicolas Sarkozy may find more beautiful than their supermodel wife is their stunningly inept opposition. Back in November, Lille Mayor Martine Aubry was barely and bitterly elected leader of the Socialist Party over Ségolène Royal, who had lost to Sarkozy in the 2007 presidential race. The best that can be said of the two women's resilient personal rivalry is that it has been of no help in resolving the questions of how the French Left should define, let alone rebuild, itself.
Still, the Left isn't dead, it's just dithering.
And don't forget, since the global financial crisis hit, the European Right has gone pretty darn leftward. Angela Merkel may have genuinely intended to reform the German welfare state—a task that even their socialist predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, recognized as overdue. But what has actually happened under Merkel? Among other things, taxes have increased. The power of industrial unions has expanded. Pensions have been protected. With support from its coalition partners, Merkel's party has passed a stimulus package and a bank bailout.
Despite their current economic plight, the citizens of major European democracies have shown no desire to dive under the big-spending skirts of the Left. But maybe that's because they can now dive under the big-spending skirts of the Right.
In the end, though, no matter how and why Europeans voted last week, they appear convinced that their economic fate will not be decided in Paris or Berlin—let alone in Brussels or Strasbourg—but in Washington, D.C. For good or ill, what's happening in Washington is a lot of plain old-fashioned government spending. Europeans, like Americans, are divided on whether the Obama stimulus package is smart policy. But make no mistake: The whole of Europe—right, left, and center—is praying that it turns out to be bloody brilliant.
I have wanted to do this walk on the North Ridge of Delhi for almost a year now. I finally managed to do Delhi Ridge walk this week and I am asking myself why did I not do this earlier. For people living in the southern part of the city, it feels like you are visiting another city. But given the metro connectivity, the block exists more in our minds. So board the metro and get down at the DU or Vishwavidyalaya station. Get out of the station on the university side and start walking towards the VC office.
Delhi Ridge North – Places to visit in Delhi
Vice Chancellor office
VC office, a huge mansion built in pristine white color in typical British style is hard to miss. It is fenced on all sides with huge metallic barricades erected on a low wall. I was told that this has been done to protect the Vice-chancellor and their office from any potential attacks from the students. Vast green lawns surround this building. There are a Nehru's bust and a Buddha statue that peep out of the greenery. Historically this building was a part of the Viceregal lodge estate before 1933. And served as a residence to viceroys and governor-general of India including Lord Mountbatten. In fact, it is said that it is here that Mountbatten proposed to Edwina.
British Watch Tower at Delhi Ridge
From here, walk toward the ridge, stroll through the thick foliage on both your sides punctuated by benches with young couples. You would see a circular onion pink building that was a watchtower and hunting tower for the British. Built sometime around 1828 AD, it stands at the highest point of the ridge at the cross-section of Flagstaff road and magazine road. It is not a tall building as you expect the watchtowers to be. But due to its placement on the high point, it would have served its purpose. During the May 1857 mutiny, British civilians mostly women and children gathered here hoping for some assistance to come from Meerut. And then marched towards Karnal for safety.
The gate is open sometimes. You can climb the building tower and enjoy the top view of the surrounding ridge. From here walk towards the Chauburji masjid. On the way observe the small structures which probably would have been the Aaram Ghar or rest houses for the hunting contingent or later for the soldiers. Lost in the woods, you literally forget that you are in Delhi.
Chauburji Masjid Delhi Ridge
The Chauburji masjid seems to be closed and I could not see a way to go in. This double storied structure is also protected like the VC's office. Though the name suggests four domes, only one is visible from the road. This mosque was a part of Feroze Shah Tughlaq's hunting palace. During the British times, it was used as battery by their forces. Cross the road across the Chauburji mosque and you will see an old building, that is at this point in time under restoration. The plaque outside the building will tell you that this is Pir Ghaib or the Vanished Saint. The story goes that a saint used this building as their worshipping place and one day they suddenly disappeared, and since then this building is referred to as Pir Ghaib.
Hunting Palace
This was originally a part of the Feroze Shah Tughlaq's hunting palace that they called Kushk-i-Shikar or Kushk-i-Jahan-Numa. Today it is the only remains of that palace. A cylinder-like structure and a name like Jahan-Numa (the world viewing or showing) indicate that it might have been an astronomical observatory. Though the instrument could also be used to locate the animals for hunting. There is a mention that Timur the Lame visited Feroze Shah's Jahan-Numa palace, giving historical perspective to the history of the structure. The structure is made primarily of the stone with recessed arches. The plaster remains only in some areas and there are ornamental designs on the arches. It is said that there is a grave in this structure that lies east-west instead of the usual north-south. But since the work was going on, I could not climb and see it for myself.
Delhi Ridge Baoli or Step Well
A little ahead of Pir Ghaib is a Baoli or step well belonging to the same period. Probably a part of the same Kushk-i-Jahan-Numa. Ironically this Baoli was discovered very recently during a construction activity. The ASI in-charge of the building showed us the step well and told how despite many efforts the hospital next door continues to dump the garbage in the Baoli. It is a five or more storied step well. I could count 4 levels and the lady said there is at least one more level below the garbage. The steps on the walls take you to the various levels of the step well.
The L-shaped structure on the side indicates that this water source was probably linked to supply water to other structures around. The old trees that are still growing through the crumbling walls stand tall. And are the only witnesses to this structure as they must have been born in the step well and are on the verge of giving away their lives for the same. The water comes to this step well naturally through the rocks. As you stand there, you would be able to see a small stream of water falling into the step well. This natural source of water could have been the reason for Feroze Shah to set up their hunting palace around it. This was the surprise element of this walk.
Hindu Rao's House at Delhi Ridge
Walk from here to the Hindu Rao hospital and you would see a British style yellow colored building, which is popularly known as Hindu Rao's house. This house has an interesting history. William Fraser, who chose to live in Delhi but away from the usual European ghettos, bought this house from its original builder Edward Colebrooke. They were murdered and then Hindu Rao, brother-in-law of Maharaja of Gwalior, bought this house. Since then this building has been known by their name only. Though they owned it for a very short period of time. It was bought by a British family and acted as headquarter of British forces during the time of 1857 mutiny.
Later it was converted into a hospital and today it is one of the oldest practicing hospitals in Delhi. Another trivia says that this house is built at the same place where Timur the lame camped in 1398 AD before looting India.
Delhi Ridge Ashoka Pillar
Walk out of the hospital and you would see the Ashoka pillar looking down at you. Now we all know that in 3rd century BC, king Ashoka erected pillars across the length and breadth of their kingdom with various animal capitals on top of them. On these pillars, they inscribed various edicts in Brahmi script and Prakrit language to spread the Dhamma amongst the citizens and visitors of their kingdom. The inscriptions give messages of compassion to be followed as prescribed by the Buddha. We do not know if there were any Ashoka pillars that were originally laid down in Delhi. But we do know that Feroze Shah Tughlaq brought this particular pillar to Delhi from Meerut in 1356 AD. This massive pillar was apparently brought over by the river route and planted here in Kushk-i-Shikar.
In the early 18th century, it broke into 5 pieces during an explosion nearby. The script was taken off and sent to Asiatic Society in Calcutta for deciphering. It was restored sometime in 1866 AD. Since then it is standing 10 meters tall, telling its tale. It is not the best Ashoka pillar that you can see in the country. It has been broken and it has lost its capital but still, there is something majestic about it. Something that makes you stand by and look at it.
Delhi Ridge Mutiny Memorial
Walk a few hundred meters down the road and you would see a well-preserved tall gothic tower in almond brown color standing tall. You enter the gates and the board there explains the brief historical significance of this tower. It was built by the British, in memory of the soldiers who fought on their side in May 1857 war of independence and lost lives. Appropriately it was named Mutiny memorial and has a plaque here reads “This was erected in 1863 in memory of officers and soldiers of Delhi field force who were killed between 30th May and 20th Sep 1857”. It was built on the site of Taylor's battery. In 1972, the government erected another plaque saying that the enemies mentioned here are actually those who rose against the British and fought for nationalism.
Gothic Pillar at Delhi Ridge
This tapering Gothic pillar is about 35 meters high and has an opening with spiraling stairs inside. Visitors are not allowed to go inside it otherwise, it can give you an excellent view of the city from the top. Marble plaques all around the building give an account of soldiers and battles they fought. I read only one plaque and it gave the no of soldiers and officers who died, along with their ethnicity. It records that Baluch and Sikh fought with the British in 1857. It also gives a summary of how many of them were killed, wounded or missing. Till some time back this memorial was named Ajitgarh. And very recently it has been re-named Fatehgarh. With nothing else changing, the memorial seems to be getting new names every now and then.
Roshanara Bagh at Delhi Ridge North
Till now, you have seen the era of Ashoka, Sultanate, and British in this walk. The only prominent era that is missing is the Mughal era. Well, that is not too far, just take a cycle rickshaw or if you can walk to Roshanara bagh near the Clock Tower. This must have been a huge park in its hay days. Even now it occupies a fairly large space in the midst of otherwise crowded spaces. A typical Mughal garden, it has an arched gateway to enter the park. Long water channel with fountains and a fairly large baradari with a tomb enclosed with lattice or Jali walls. But do not paint this rosy visual in your mind, because this is also the most badly maintained park in the city.
Tomb of Roshanara at Delhi Ridge North
Tomb of Roshanara is within the Jali walls and it is an open grave now, with only mud on top. It was a marble stone grave once but the stones have probably been stolen. The fading paintings on the walls still speak of the grandeur that this park, its owner, and their tomb would have seen. Roshanara was the sister of Aurangzeb and they played a key role in theirs becoming the emperor by defeating their three brothers.
Various Era's on a short walking tour
This is another walk after the North Mehrauli walk that takes you through various eras of history in a small span of time and space. You can also enjoy the typical laid-back atmosphere of the DU campus. And feel nostalgic about your student days.
My walk would be incomplete without thanking Sh Uma Shankar Ji, who not only suggested this walk to but also spent their valuable time taking me around on this walk. And sharing their knowledge of the area and its history. Uma Ji, you are a true Dilliwalah.
Recommend you to read following Places to visit in Delhi.
Mehrauli Archaeological Park.
In & Around Purana Qila.
Walking on the walls of Lal Kot.
Walk through the Lodi Gardens.
Ancient Yogmaya Temple, Mehrauli.
A Kurdish soldier walks near the front line with the Islamic State in November 2015 in Sinjar, Iraq. (John Moore/Getty Images)
For nearly a century now, the question of whether there should be an independent Kurdish state has loomed over the Middle East. The issue achieved new urgency after U.S. forces evicted Saddam Hussein from northern Iraq after the Gulf War in 1991, effectively creating the preconditions for Kurdish autonomy there. The American-led invasion in 2003 and the war that followed have merely accelerated that process.
Today, however, with the collapse of Syria and continuing tumult in Iraq, the question is less whether there will be an autonomous Kurdistan, but how many Kurdistans will emerge from the regional crack-up — and who will run them?
As recently as two years ago, Kurds across the Middle East experienced an unprecedented sense of solidarity due to the existential threat posed by the Islamic State, which simultaneously menaced their communities in Iraq, Syria and Turkey.
With the Islamic State at the gates of the Iraqi Kurdish capital of Irbil, it was Kurdish fighters from Turkey and Syria who rushed to the rescue in the summer of 2014. A few months later, it was Kurdish fighters from Iraq, the famed peshmerga, who crossed over to Syria to reinforce their Kurdish brethren in the siege of Kobane. For a brief, dizzying moment, Kurds seemed to be uniting across the post-Ottoman borders that had long separated them.
But if the rise of the Islamic State brought the Kurds together, its impending fall now threatens to tear them apart.
This, sadly, is a familiar story for the Kurds. While statehood has long been the Kurdish dream, Kurdish reality has often been as much about internal rivalries and self-destructive factionalism as divisions imposed from outside. Now that old pattern is playing out again.
The most important dynamic among the Kurds today is a struggle for power between the Kurdistan Democratic Party or KDP — led by Masoud Barzani, dominant in Iraq — and the Kurdistan Workers' Party or PKK — led by Abdullah Ocalan, and centered in Turkey, though with a powerful offshoot in Syria, known as the Democratic Union Party (PYD).
The rivalry between these groups is long-standing. They differ starkly in ideology. The Kurdish Iraqis are still deeply rooted in traditional tribal structures, while the PKK, despite various reforms, has never managed to shake its roots in revolutionary Marxist-Leninism. Each sees itself as the rightful leader of the Kurdish cause. These differences are now being exacerbated by the rollback of the Islamic State, which raises the question of who will control the territories in western Iraq and northern Syria being freed from the terrorists' grip.
This can be seen in the Yazidi-majority city of Sinjar in western Iraq, where Syrian PYD militants dug in after beating back the Islamic State. They have since made it clear that they intend to rule this area as their own. The KDP in its turn has imposed a trade and travel ban on PYD-controlled northern Syria.
At the same time that Kurds across the Middle East are splintering, Kurdish factionalism inside Iraq is also intensifying. The collapse in global oil prices — and concomitant budget crisis — is destabilizing what was already a tenuous power-sharing arrangement among Kurdish political parties in Irbil. After more than a decade of moving towards greater political pluralism, the Iraqi Kurdish parliament has been shuttered for more than a year — the consequence of a toxic power struggle that threatens one of the region's few democratic success stories.
The Kurdish unraveling is also being aggravated by rivalries among surrounding regional powers. As Iran, Turkey and the Arab states maneuver for dominance in Iraq and Syria, divisions among the Kurds are turning them into attractive proxies. Different factions are aligning with different outside sponsors, who in turn further fuel these internal rivalries.
Americans considering the byzantine world of Kurdish politics might understandably ask: How much does this matter to U.S. national security? The answer: a lot.
Kurdish military power — both in Iraq and Syria — has been critical to winning the war against the Islamic State. But it is Kurdish politics that will be critical to winning the post-Islamic State peace. If the Kurds continue to descend towards fragmentation and civil war, the Islamic State will have space to reconstitute. That would also give a stronger hand to Iran, which is already using the conflict with the Islamic State to expand and consolidate its sphere of influence.
The United States is in the unique position of being closer to almost every significant Kurdish faction than any of them are to each other. Washington is therefore also well-placed to moderate, if not resolve, their rivalries and help foster a consensus as to what the post-Islamic State Kurdish arrangement should look like.
Ultimately, a trans-regional Kurdish super-state is not in the cards. Such a prospect is anathema to every regional power, while the political fragmentation of the Kurds themselves makes this virtually impossible.
What is possible to envision — albeit still difficult to achieve — are two secure, successful, self-governing Kurdish enclaves, in Iraq and Syria, with stable borders and peaceful relations not only with their non-Kurdish neighbors, but, just as importantly, with each other. This will also require inclusive politics within the territories governed by the Kurds. Separation of powers, rule of law and democratic accountability are the necessary foundation for true stability and strength.
To assume that Kurds will somehow work out their political problems on their own, or that a solution can be postponed until after the defeat of the Islamic State (when U.S. leverage and influence will diminish accordingly), is a recipe for disaster. No one should doubt America's military capacity to end the totalitarian regime established by the Islamic State on Iraqi and Syrian soil. But the true measure of American greatness will lie in Washington's strategic capacity to fashion a decent and sustainable order out of the rubble. Getting Kurdish strategy right will be crucial to achieving success.
Universal create-react-app, step by step
Alex Lobera Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 28, 2017
This post will explain to you how to refactor an app created with create-react-app step by step in order to make it server-side rendering capable (AKA universal).
In the link below you can view and execute the final refactoring https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app
Development
Production
Before moving things around and changing code in create-react-app, let's explain a few things.
create-react-app uses a WebpackDevServer to build and serve you the app in development environment. WebpackDevServer basically does two things 1) it builds your app (transpiles JS, bundles assets, etc) using Webpack, and 2) it starts a server to serve you the static assets such as the index.html page and the bundle.js. That index.html will contain the script tag with the JS of your app, something like:
<script type=”application/javascript” src=”/static/js/bundle.js”></script>
The script is added dynamically by Webpack so you won't see the script tag in /public/index.html.
As the name suggests, we use WebpackDevServer in the “Dev” environment. In production, we build an optimized JS file that can be served from a “source”, this could be our server, a CDN, etc. We don't care because our app is a static JavaScript bundle. In a client-side only app we just need to set up the server during development.
In a universal app we want to render our React components on the server-side separate from the client. Therefore, we'll need a server in both the development and production environments to render on the server-side.
Let's do it! First, create an app using `create-react-app my-app`.
If you want to see your app running, execute ` yarn start `. That will run the following script: scripts/start.js. What that script does and we want to keep in our universal app is:
1 - Find an available port to start the WebpackDevServer (3000 by default)
2 - Get the Webpack configuration for the development environment.
3 - Create a WebpackDevServer with a custom Webpack compiler (to configure custom messages among other things)
4 - Start WebpackDevServer on the available port.
Now we are going to refactor the app created by create-react-app to make it server-side (universal).
Step 1. Restructuring folders
Execute in your terminal `npm run eject`. Since we are going to change the scripts and configuration of the build, we need to run eject.
Now we are going to move some files. First, create the following folders in src/
src/client
src/server
src/shared
/client
Move:
src/index.js to src/client/index.js
src/index.css to src/client/index.css
src/registerServiceWorker.js to src/client/registerServiceWorker.js
Copy the content of src/App.css to src/client/index.css. The reason is we are not going to execute babel style-loader on the server-side since at this point in time it's not compatible with universal (it requires a window object)
Next edit src/client/index.js:
- Replace import App from ‘./App'; for import App from ‘../shared/App';
- Add import { BrowserRouter as Router } from ‘react-router-dom'
- Replace
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById(‘root'));
with:
ReactDOM.render(
<Router><App /></Router>,
document.getElementById(‘root')
);
Yes we need to add a package, so let's execute in our terminal:
`yarn add react-router-dom`
/shared
Please move:
- src/App.js to src/shared/App.js
- src/App.test.js to src/shared/App.test.js
- src/logo.svg to src/shared/logo.svg
/server
Let's install the dependencies we need: `yarn add express nodemon webpack-node-externals http-proxy-middleware isomorphic-fetch`
In the src/server we are going to create 3 files:
- src/server/index.js
- src/server/app.js
- src/server/render.js
Step 2. Implementing the server-side
/src/server/index.js
Let's implement first src/server/index.js. Responsibilities of this file are:
1. Create and start the server, Express in this example.
import express from ‘express'
//…
const app = express()
2. If it is production, map the url path ‘/static' with the directory /bundle/client/static. So in production we serve the production build
If it is development then we have to proxy the url path ‘/static' with the url where WebpackDevServer is running. We also need to enable web sockets (ws: true). Finally we need to redirect the path ‘/sockjs-node' to WebpackDevServer. So HMR (https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement.html) will still work. This way, in development, every request to your Express server that has to do with your bundle will be managed by WebpackDevServer
3. Map the build assets with the root url path
app.use(‘/', express.static(‘build/client'))
4. Use the code that has to do with your React app
import reactApp from ‘./app'
//…
app.use(reactApp)
Note the order of the above 4 points is important. You can see a full implementation of src/server/index.js here https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/src/server/index.js
/src/server/app.js
Let's have a look to src/server/app.js. This server/app.js is going to be an Express middleware, so it has to be a function with the following parameters: const reactApp = (req, res) => { }
Responsibilities of that file are:
1. Render the HTML of that url into the response
2. Set the right http status
react-router v4 is very nicely designed with React's “way of thinking”, so we don't have to do anything like in previous versions to match the url and the component at this level. We can get the HTML for that req.url just by doing:
HTML = render(
<Router context={{}} location={req.url}>
<App />
</Router>)
But we are going to add a little trick. We want to return a status 404 if the page is not found. Since the match is done by react-router down in the tree, we can't know if that req.url is a match or not without adding some custom matching. Here you have an example of what I mean https://github.com/technology-ebay-de/universal-react-router4/blob/master/src/server/index.js (more on that https://ebaytech.berlin/universal-web-apps-with-react-router-4-15002bb30ccb.)
So what we are going to do instead is we are going to let React tell us if there was a match for a “not found page”. To do that we are going to set in the context the following function:
const setStatus = newStatus => { status = newStatus }
So the “Not found component” that is rendered when there is no match should get that function from the context and set the status to 404. https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/src/shared/App.js#L19. This way we don't have to define routes in two different places, and match them twice.
We add the setStatus function to the context by using this simple and generic context provider https://github.com/leanjscom/react-context-component
HTML = render(
<Context setStatus={setStatus}>
<Router context={{}} location={req.url}><App /></Router>
</Context>
)
You can see a full implementation of src/server/app.js here https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/src/server/app.js
/src/server/render.js
Responsibilities of this file:
1- Contains an HTML template for our pages
2- renderToString our React app
3- Sets the url of the statics: main.css and bundle.js
Note, in the 3rd step if we are in development environment we don't want to set any CSS because that's Webpack HMR job.
You can see an implementation here https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/src/server/render.js
Step 3. Scripts.
/package.json
We are going to add the following scripts:
“serve”: “NODE_ENV=production node ./build/server/bundle.js”,
“build-client”: “node scripts/build-client.js”,
“build-server”: “node scripts/build-server.js”,
“build”: “npm run build-client && npm run build-server”,
/scripts
Rename scripts/build.js to build-client.js and change:
const config = require(‘../config/webpack.config.prod');
to
const config = require(‘../config/webpack.config.client.prod')
Find this line:
if (!checkRequiredFiles([paths.appHtml, paths.appIndexJs])) {
and remove paths.appHtml. The reason is we don't serve that html page anymore, it's our Express server who takes care of that now.
/scripts/build-server.js
Responsabilities of this file /scripts/build-server.js:
1. Read the asset manifest and set it in process.env.REACT_APP_ASSET_MANIFEST so we can use it in our src/server/render.js
Note, REACT_APP prefix is important otherwise Webpack won't include it in the transpiled code.
2. Clean the build/server directory fs.emptyDirSync(paths.serverBuild);
3. Compile the code using compiler = webpack(config); // notice that config is const config = require(‘../config/webpack.config.server');
You can see an implementation of build-server.js here https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/scripts/build-server.js
/scripts/start.js
This script will start both the client(WebpackDevServer) and the server(Express compiled with Webpack). We have to change a few things here:
1. Before requiring ‘../config/webpack.config.client.dev' we need to know the assigned port to WebpackDevServer and set the following process.env.REACT_APP_CLIENT_PORT = port
So after const urls = prepareUrls(protocol, HOST, port); will do:
process.env.REACT_APP_CLIENT_PORT = port
const configWebpackClient = require(‘../config/webpack.config.client.dev');
2. Instead of const compiler = createCompiler(webpack, configWebpackClient, appName, urls, useYarn); we are going to use a standard compiler: const compiler = webpack(configWebpackClient);
The reason is, we don't want custom messages since things won't work as those messages say.
The code for the previous two points: https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/scripts/start.js#L63
3. Once WebpackDevServer starts on the available port, we need to find an available port for the Express server:
choosePort(HOST, DEFAULT_SERVER_PORT).then(portServer => {
if (portServer == null) {
// We have not found a port.
return;
}
4. We need to require the ‘../config/webpack.config.server', compile and watch for changes:
// process.env.REACT_APP_SERVER_PORT is used by server/index.js
process.env.REACT_APP_SERVER_PORT = portServer;
const configWebpackServer = require(‘../config/webpack.config.server');
const compiler = webpack(configWebpackServer);
const urls = prepareUrls(protocol, HOST, portServer);
let isServerRunning;
compiler.watch({ // watch options:
aggregateTimeout: 300,
}, function(err, stats) {
//…
Code of the previous two points https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/scripts/start.js#L93
5. We execute nodemon to watch for changes and run our server
const nodemon = exec(‘nodemon — watch build/server build/server/bundle.js build/server/bundle.js')
Full implementation of scripts/start.js https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/scripts/start.js
Step 4. Last but not least, configuration.
/config/polyfills.js
Change require(‘whatwg-fetch') to require(‘isomorphic-fetch')
/config/path
remove this:
- appIndexJs: resolveApp(‘src/client/index.js'),
- serverIndexJs: resolveApp(‘src/server/index.js'),
- appBuild: resolveApp(‘build/client'),
- serverBuild: resolveApp(‘build/server'),
add this:
- appIndexJs: resolveApp(‘src/index.js')
- appBuild: resolveApp(‘build')
Webpack configuration
We need 3 different Webpack configurations.
1- One for the client/bundle.js in production environment. We are going to use puglins like HMR that are not required on the server.
2. Another one for the client/bundle.js in development environment. We are going to use plugins like minification that are not required in development.
3- The server will have the same Webpack configuration in production and development. This is the reason we don't require different plugins in development and production.
We are going to create a base.config, and the 3 Webpack config files will extend it. You can have a look at this file and see what the common things are: https://github.com/technology-ebay-de/universal-react-router4/blob/master/config/webpack.config.base.js
/config/webpack.config.server.js
Important things to highlight here:
We need to clone the webpack.config.base — we can use const config = Object.assign({}, base). This is because the scripts/start.js will run webpack.config.server.js and webpack.config.client.dev.js, and both override webpack.config.base
config.target = ‘node'
config.entry = ‘./src/server' // the entry point is different from the client. Notice that Webpack doesn't include in the bundle files that are not required or imported
config.externals = [nodeExternals()] // / in order to ignore all modules in node_modules folder
config.output = {
path: paths.serverBuild,
filename: ‘bundle.js',
publicPath: ‘/'
}
/config/webpack.config.client.dev.js
The important bits here:
config.output = {
…
hotUpdateChunkFilename: ‘static/[id].[hash].hot-update.js', hotUpdateMainFilename: ‘static/[hash].hot-update.json',
}
This is because we need to proxy Webpack HMR. https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/src/server/index.js#L20
config.module.rules we add the style-loader. We only include the “style-loader” on the client because it doesn't work on the server-side
config.plugins, here we add modules like HotModuleReplacementPlugin. https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app/blob/master/config/webpack.config.client.dev.js#L96
Some libraries import Node modules but don't use them in the browser. Tell Webpack to provide empty mocks for them so importing them works.
config.node = {
fs: ‘empty',
net: ‘empty',
tls: ‘empty',
}
/config/webpack.config.client.prod.js
The important bits here:
In the config.entry we don't need react-dev-utils/webpackHotDevClient and react-error-overlay
config.plugins: we need to add these plugins: ManifestPlugin, SWPrecacheWebpackPlugin and UglifyJsPlugin
Congrats! you read to the end of the article :)
Here you can see a full implementation of all the steps
https://github.com/leanjscom/universal-create-react-app
Happy universal hacking!
Textbooks and food may be expensive, but your porn doesn't have to be.
The porn platform Brazzers wants to help cut costs for college students while also, um, easing some of the tension that comes with all that studying.
With their new Brazzers Back-To-University program, they are offering American college students a free four-month premium membership to their site. Of course, you have to be of legal age to participate.
In the promotional video (that is actually pretty safe for work), porn stars help students get through their busy schedules:
If only college was that easy.
For students who are interested, all you have to do is fill out an application and submit a photo of yourself holding a valid student ID with a birth date.
The deadline is September 5, 2017, so unlike your homework, you shouldn't procrastinate on this.
ADVERTISEMENT:
It's that time again, and it doesn't feel like it's been that long since Battle for Zendikar, does it? Just yesterday, we were gushing about the new Eldrazi cards and going wild over Expeditions lands that were going to make us all rich.
Or maybe that was yesterday, and we were recording the Brainstorm Brewery set review (which you can find here) and getting excited about Oath of the Gatewatch. Either way.
The point is, this set looks poised to deliver in a way that Battle for Zendikar did not. While the BFZ draft format was fun (certainly better than Magic Origins), the set itself didn't blow everyone away, thanks to a lack of objectively powerful cards and any new ground tread. Whatever the reasons for that—not wanting to upset Modern, creating a good Standard environment, late changes made to the set—there's no doubt that Battle for Zendikar left plenty of people wanting.
And Oath of the Gatewatch delivered. The introduction of the “sixth color,” or in reality colorless mana, is a touchstone moment in Magic's history, and we're going to see the repercussions of it for years to come. Whether it's with a return of Eldrazi or something else, or maybe just making colorless evergreen, Oath looks like it will forever change the future of Magic thanks to that step.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Oh, one more thing. The cards aren't half bad, either. Let's talk about a few of the most impactful.
Thought-Knot Seer
This guy is actually nuts. It's a mix of Brain Maggot meets Vendilion Clique, and this guy's ability may just be better than them both. The reason Vendilion Clique is good is obviously tied to the 3/1 flying body, but there's also the fact that unlike something like Brain Maggot—where what you take is something good and you're guaranteeing them a good card back when it dies—Clique provides them with a random card from their deck, which the odds are is worse than the card you bottomed.
Thought-Knot Seer mixes both abilities to an even stronger configuration. Now you get to exile the card of your choice (relevant at times), but they actually have to do work to get a random card back! With V-Clique, when you take their removal spell, they have to find an answer to the faerie, but at least you're “helping” them dig to it. With Thought-Knot Seer, they get no such help.
Pro players are excited about this card, and for good reason. I expect this to be a huge player in Standard, and while it's certainly powerful enough to make it in Modern, the colorless requirement may hold it back some. At the very least, look for Tron to find a way to fit these into the sideboard for combo matchups.
Is $7 the right price? It's hard to say. If the Pro Tour were Standard, I'd be happy to trade for them at that price. But it's not, so its upside is limited in the short term. Let this get a little cheaper, then move in hard before rotation.
Linvala, the Preserver
My castmates on Brainstorm Brewery and I disagreed heavily about this card. Frankly, I think they're crazy to not see this as a bomb.
Linvala does something very few cards in Magic—and especially Standard—do well: help when you're behind. Ugin is the shining example of this right now: no matter how far behind you are, they will always catch you up.
Linvala obviously isn't as powerful as an eight-mana planeswalker, but they make a huge impact. Imagine the following scenario, one I'm sure will occur before Linvala finishes their run in Standard: your red opponent has a few guys out and has wittled your life total down against your midrange or control deck. You're starting to battle back, but you're still in burn or burst range.
What answers everything possible? Linvala does. The life gain puts you out of burn range, the two bodies block, and the fact that you do get two bodies helps to guard against removal. It may not be the second coming of Thragtusk, but let's remember that Thragtusk was pretty oppressive in Standard, so anything even approaching that is pretty darn good. And the great thing about Linvala is that if you're ahead and she's at their worst, then you're already ahead! I see control decks making heavy use of Linvala before she's done in Standard.
Financially, I think this will go lower before it goes higher. Standard right now is actually not a bad place for Linvala, but they still have a lot of competition. Again, I can't stress how important the Modern Pro Tour is here, because it's going to draw attention away from Standard. Let this angel hit $3 or $4, then move in hard.
Eldrazi Displacer
I know everyone is psyched about this card, and for good reason. Not only is it just plain dumb with Siege Rhino, Jason Alt says it will reshape Commander as we know it. Obviously that's a strong statement, but holy Heliod, this card does it all.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Still, it's a rare in a set with Expeditions lands looming overhead, so I think this guy will be coming down from the $5 preorder tag, if only by a few dollars. If you want yours immediately, don't feel bad paying this, but also don't expect it to shoot up immediately. I love this as a long-term spec if it can avoid a reprint during its Standard run, but in that sense, you'll have a few months before you want to pick them up.
Zendikar Resurgent
You won't find a better Commander long-term foil bet than this, assuming the foils land in a reasonable place. Sure, it's no Mana Reflection, but Mana Reflection is a completely absurd card, and very expensive at that. Resurgent slots perfectly into Maelstrom Wanderer decks (a card that is on the precipice of exploding in price itself), and there are a ton of other decks besides that will want this thing.
I don't see this thing making any waves in Standard, but that doesn't matter with such a surefire Commander hit as this. I'll have more guidance where we see where foils land, but for now I'd be interested in picking those up this weekend.
Bonus casual card callout: Call the Gatewatch. People love planeswalkers, and a few years from now you're going to be happy you grabbed them for bulk.
World Breaker
I know the Eldrazi decks can only run so many ramp targets—and I haven't even mentioned Kozilek—but World Breaker has that baby-Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger thing going for him, and the random reach ability is actually super relevant in the current Standard format.
Just like Oblivion Sower is a key card in the ramp mirrors I expect will become more and more of a thing now and after rotation, so too is World Breaker. Hitting their lands can be very key, and there's actually a ton of relevant enchantments running around Standard right now thanks to Silkwrap and the new Oaths that are being printed. World Breaker isn't going to set Standard on fire, but they are going to see play, and at $3 on a mythic from a set that will only be here a few short months—and not even get a Pro Tour to show it off—I like picking this guy up this weekend.
I know I've only touched on a few cards here, and there are plenty more I'm excited about (Matter Reshaper, get in my Karador deck already), but I wanted to touch on the ones I find most intriguing, and in some cases worthy of picking up, heading into the prerelease.
Until next week, may your teammates always support you!
Thanks for reading,
Corbin Hosler
@Chosler88 on Twitter/Twitch/YouTube
ADVERTISEMENT:
The Balkan refugee route may soon be closed, if Austria reaches its limit of 37,500 asylum seekers entries in 2016, Macedonia's president said, adding that “in times of crisis, every country must find its own solutions.”
“We need a political decision now. Soon it will be too late… The Austrian ceiling of 37,000 will be reached,” Gjorge Ivanov told Spiegel Online in an interview.
Asked when exactly the refugee route may be shut down, the president replied that “perhaps right at this moment.”
“We can't wait until Brussels makes a decision. We have made our own decisions. In times of crisis, every country must find its own solutions,” they said.
According to Ivanov, if Macedonia “had waited for EU guidelines,” it “would have been flooded with refugees.”
Macedonian police are currently allowing in Syrian and Iraqi refugees, but sending back asylum seekers from Afghanistan, they added.
“Such decisions are made between police authorities along the Balkans route. Whenever a country to the north closes its borders, we follow suit…You must understand that the situation changes not just by the day, but by the hour.”
“No one wants to stay in Greece, Macedonia and Serbia,” they said. “The goal of the refugees is Germany. They will find a path there. A dangerous path.”
READ MORE: Refugees storm border fence in Macedonia, face tear gassing by police
Their statement comes following a confrontation between Macedonian police and refugees on Monday. The officers used tear gas and stun grenades to disperse hundreds of asylum seekers who attempted to storm the fence on the border with Greece.
The confrontation in Idomeni, a small border community in Greece, happened after asylum seekers rushed toward the border when a rumor spread that the Macedonian authorities had opened the border for several hours.
fence is nearly broken!!! pic.twitter.com/YRofkMidCu — Monika Kalinowska (@mkalinowskaa) February 29, 2016
READ MORE: Serbia closes Macedonia border to unregistered refugees
Earlier in February Serbia tightened its border with Macedonia to unregistered refugees, imposing stricter controls for the purpose of preventing illegal migration.
Serbian Interior Ministry spokesperson Biljana Popovic Ivkovic said that the border with Macedonia is not closed, but that passage is allowed only to refugees from countries affected by war.
A record number of migrants and refugees arriving in Greece have used the Western Balkan route to make their way via Macedonia and Serbia into Hungary and Croatia, and then towards Western Europe.
According to EU border agency Frontex, the Western Balkan route “continued to be directly affected by the unprecedented number of migrants who first come to Greece to later continue their journey through its northern border.” All in all the agency detected 1.83 million illegal border crossings in 2015 compared to the previous year's record of 283 500.
The Motorola Droid is certainly one of the most discussed new non-Apple smartphones to come out in some time. It launches November 6th on Verizon, but you can already pre-order it from Best Buy.
Is it worth switching to if you already carry an iPhone or another device? To provide some guidance, BillShrink has produced a detailed chart looking at Droid, iPhone, Palm Pre, and MyTouch 3G.
Going by the chart, there doesn't appear to be much Droid is lacking – other than the 93,200 apps (100,000+ by recent estimates) that the iPhone's app store offers. You also get Verizon's network as opposed to AT&T (a fact you'll no doubt be reminded of in advertising).
As you can see, cost of ownership over 24 months works out exactly the same for both products, while Pre and MyTouch are more affordable. In all, it certainly seems like the Droid will add an interesting new twist the smartphone debate, which to-date has primarily involved iPhone and BlackBerry.
How do you think Droid stacks up? Share your thoughts in the comments.
[via GigaOm]
Disclosure: Motorola is a sponsor of Mashable's Open Web Awards
Base Configuration
System and Display
EUROCOM M5 Pro Choose your LCD Display
15.6-inch (39.6cm); FHD 1920x1080; 60Hz; Matte; IPS; 700:1; NTSC 72%; eDP 15.6-inch (39.6cm); FHD 1920x1080:60Hz; Glossy (GT); IPS; 700:1; NTSC 72%; eDP; LP156WF4-SPU1 [add $80] 15.6-inch (39.6cm); UHD 4K; 3840x2160;60Hz; Glossy; IPS; 1000:1; sRGB 100%; eDP; SHARP IGZO LQ156D1JX01B [add $380] 15.6-inch (39.6cm); UHD 4K; 3840x2160; 60Hz; Matte; IPS; 1000:1; sRGB 100%; eDP; SHARP IGZO LQ156D1JW04 [add $350] Display Calibration
Optional - choose from the options below: Professional Display Calibration with .icc Profile Saved on USB Flash Key [add $89] eXpansion Modules for 2-3 External Monitors
None - Choose from the options below Matrox TripleHead2Go DisplayPort Edition; w/ 3 DP-out ports; up to 3 external displays; 5760x1080 (3x 1920x1080) or 3840x1200 (2x 1920x1200) [add $329] GPU Technology
Discrete GPU (dGPU) with NVIDIA Optimus Technology: on-board / fixed Graphics (dGPU) and Internal GPU (iGPU) CPU Based VGA / GPU Graphics Options
3GB GDDR5; NVIDIA GTX 970M (N16E-GT); 1280 CUDA; GPU/VRAM Clock 924MHz/2500MHz; Maxwell (28nm); on-board; 60W 4GB GDDR5; NVIDIA GTX 980M (N16E-GX); 1536 CUDA; GPU/VRAM Clock 1038MHz/2500MHz; Maxwell (28nm); on-board; 75W [add $295] 2GB GDDR5; NVIDIA GTX 965M (N16P-GX); 1024 CUDA; GPU/VRAM Clock 944MHz/2500MHz; Maxwell (28nm); on-board; 60W [sub $100] Processor / CPU
2.50 GHz (up to 3.5) Intel Mobile Core i7-4710HQ; on-board/SMT; 4C/8T; 6MB L3; 22nm; HD Graphics 4600; 47W; DDR3L-1600/1866 2.60 GHz (up to 3.6) Intel Mobile Core i7-4720HQ; on-board/SMT; 4C/8T; 6MB L3; 22nm; HD Graphics 4600; 47W; DDR3L-1600/1866 [add $70] 2.50 GHz (up to 3.7GHz) Intel Mobile Core i7-4870HQ; 4C/8T; 6MB L3; 22nm; Iris Pro Graphics 5200; 47W; DDR3L-1600/1866 [add $500] Memory (RAM) Configuration
8GB; 2x 4GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; PC3-14900S; 204-pin; Micron; 2 SODIMMs 8GB; 1x 8GB; DDR3L-1600; PC3-12800; 204pin; Micron 1.35V - 1 SODIMM 8GB; 1x 8GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; PC3L-14900S; 204-pin; Micron; 1.35V-1.5V; 1 SODIMM [add $10] 8GB; 1x 8GB; DDR3L-2133; CL11; 204-pin; Kingston HyperX; 1.35V-1.5V; 1 SODIMM [add $80] 16GB; 2x 8GB; DDR3L-2133; CL11; 204-pin; Kingston HyperX; 1.35V-1.5V; 2 SODIMMs [add $310] 16GB; 2x 8GB; DDR3L-1600 PC-12800; 204pin; Micron; 1.35V - 2 SODIMMs [add $150] 16GB; 4x 4GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; PC3-14900S; 204-pin; Micron; 4 SODIMMs [add $150] 16GB; 2x 8GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; PC3L-14900S; 204-pin; Micron; 1.35V-1.5V; 2 SODIMMs [add $170] 24GB; 3x 8GB; DDR3L-1600; PC3-12800; 204pin; Micron; 1.35V - 3 SODIMMs [add $300] 24GB; 3x 8GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; PC3L-14900S; 204-pin; Micron; 1.35V - 1.5V; 3 SODIMMs [add $330] 24GB; 3x 8GB; DDR3L-2133; CL11; 204-pin; Kingston HyperX; 1.35V-1.5V; 3 SODIMMs [add $540] 32GB; 4x 8GB; DDR3L-1600; PC3-12800; 204pin; Micron, 1.35V - 4 SODIMMs [add $450] 32GB; 4x 8GB; DDR3L-1866; CL13; 204-pin; Micron; 1.35V-1,5V; 4 SODIMMs [add $490] 32GB; 4x 8GB; DDR3L-2133; CL11; 204-pin; Kingston HyperX; 1.35V-1.5V; 4 SODIMMs [add $770] Operating System(s)
None - Choose from the options below for Pre-install or install your own Microsoft Windows 7 Professional 64-bit; OEM; with DVD and USB key [add $299] Microsoft Windows 10 Home; 64-bit; OEM; USB key [add $169] Microsoft Windows 10 Professional; 64-bit; OEM; with DVD and USB key [add $199] Keyboard (Language)
US English; QWERTY; Backlit UK English; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Español / Spanish; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Français / French; AZERTY; Backlit [add $100] Italiana / Italian; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Norske / Norwegian; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Português / Portugese; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Svenska / Swedish; QWERTY; Backlit [add $100] Swiss German; QWERTZ; Backlit [add $100] Office/Business Productivity Software
None - Choose from the options below Microsoft Office 2016 Home and Student Edition; OEM; MLK; US/Canada version [add $159] Microsoft Office 2016 Home and Business Edition; OEM; MLK; US/Canada version [add $249] RAID Options: M.2 PCIe/M.2 SATA/mSATA Storage
None - Choose from the options below: RAID 0 - for maximum performance; 2x M.2 SATA or 2x mSATA SSD are required; PCIe SSD are not RAIDable [add $75] RAID 1 - for redundancy; 2x M.2 SATA or 2x mSATA SSD are required; PCIe SSD are not RAIDable [add $75] Internal M.2 SSD Storage: NVMe or SATA
Choose your SSD M.2 type 2280 (80x22nm) from the options below: 500GB; M.2; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 560/510MB/s; MICRON / CRUCIAL MX500 [add $199] 1TB; M.2 MICRON 1100; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 530/500 MB/s [add $599] 250GB; M.2 SAMSUNG 860 EVO; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $169] 500GB; M.2 SAMSUNG 860 EVO; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $329] 512GB; M.2 Micron 1100; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 530/500 MB/s [add $329] Internal M.2 SSD Storage: NVMe or SATA
Choose your SSD M.2 type 2280 (80x22mm) from the options below: 500GB; M.2; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 560/510MB/s; MICRON / CRUCIAL MX500 [add $199] 1TB; M.2 MICRON 1100; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 530/500 MB/s [add $599] 500GB; M.2 SAMSUNG 860 EVO; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $329] 512GB; M.2 Micron 1100; SSD; SATA3; R/W: 560/510 MB/s [add $329] RAID Options: HDD/SSD Storage
None - Choose from the options below RAID 0 setup - for maximum performance [add $75] RAID 1 setup - for full fault tolerance; minimum 2 physical hard drives are required [add $75] 1st Drive: HDD, SSD or SSHD
500GB; SSHD; SATA3; Seagate ST500LM000; 7mm; 2.5in 1TB; 5400rpm; SATA3; Hitachi Travelstar Z5K1000; 7mm; 2.5in [add $10] 120GB MLC SSD; Intel 530 series; SATA3 6Gb/s; 7mm [add $124] 256GB SSD; MLC; Samsung 850 Pro; SATA3 6Gb/s; Read/Write (MB/s): 550/520; 7mm [add $200] 240GB MLC SSD; Intel 530 series; SATA3 (6Gb/s); 7mm [add $254] 256GB SSD; MLC; Micron/Crucial; M1100; SATA3 6Gb/s; 7mm [add $120] 400GB SSD; 25nm HET MLC; Intel DC S3700; SATA3 6Gb/s; AES-256; IOPS: 75K (4K Reads), 36K (4K Writes) [add $1245] 480GB SSD; MLC; Intel DC S3510; SATA3 6Gb/s; R/W: 500/440 MB/s; 7mm 2.5-inch [add $450] 512GB SATA3 SSD; MLC; Micron M1100 SATA3 (6Gb/s); 7mm [add $400] 512GB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 560/530 MB/s [add $454] 800GB SSD; 25nm HET MLC; Intel DC S3700; SATA3 6Gb/s; AES-256; IOPS: 75K (4K Reads), 36K (4K Writes) [add $1854] 1TB SSD; SATA3; Micron 1100; 7mm; 2.5in [add $554] 1TB SSD; Samsung 860 Evo; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $554] 1TB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 560/530 MB/s [add $754] 2TB SSD; Samsung 860 Evo; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $1054] 2TB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 560/530 MB/s [add $1454] *** Without Hard Drive; with HDD bracket included *** [add $13] 2nd Drive: HDD, SSD or SSHD
Choose your 2nd HDD/SSD/SHHD from the options below: 500GB; SSHD; 64MB cache; SATA3 6Gb/s; Seagate ST500LM000; 7mm; 2.5in [add $145] 1TB HDD; 5400rpm; SATA3; Hitachi Travelstar Z5K1000; 7mm; 2.5in [add $155] 120GB MLC SSD; Intel 530 series; SATA3 6Gb/s; 7mm [add $269] 240GB MLC SSD; Intel 530 series; SATA3 (6Gb/s); 7mm [add $399] 256GB SSD; MLC; Samsung 850 Pro; SATA3 6Gb/s; Write 520MB/s, Read 550MB/s; 7mm [add $345] 256GB SSD; MLC; Micron M1100; SATA3 6Gb/s; 7mm; 2.5 [add $265] 400GB SSD; 25nm HET MLC; Intel DC S3700; SATA3 6Gb/s; AES-256; IOPS: 75K (4K Reads), 36K (4K Writes) [add $1390] 480GB SSD; MLC; Intel DC S3510; SATA3 6Gb/s; R/W: 500/440 MB/s; 7mm 2.5-inch [add $595] 512GB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 560/530 MB/s [add $599] 512GB SSD; MLC; Micron M1100; SATA3 (6Gb/s); 7mm [add $549] 800GB SSD; 25nm HET MLC; Intel DC S3700; SATA3 6Gb/s; AES-256; IOPS: 75K (4K Reads), 36K (4K Writes) [add $1999] 1TB SSD; MLC; Micron 1100 TLC 3D NAND; SATA3 6Gb/s; 7mm; 2.5-inch [add $699] 1TB SSD; Samsung 860 Evo; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $699] 1TB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; R/W: 560/530 MB/s; 7mm; 2.5in [add $899] 2TB SSD; Samsung 860 Evo; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 550/520 MB/s [add $1199] 2TB SSD; Samsung 860 Pro; SATA3; 7mm; 2.5in; R/W: 560/530 MB/s [add $1599] External Optical Drive
None - Choose from the options below External; 6x Blu Ray (BD-RW) Burner; Pioneer BDR-XD05B; USB 3.0 [add $234] External; DVD-RW Burner; USB 2.0 [add $114] Internal Card Reader
6-in-1 Card Reader; SD/MS/MMC/SM/CF/MicroDrive Biometric Device
Built-in Fingerprint Reader Embedded Security Chip
Embedded TPM 2.0 Security Chip for Data Encryption TV Tuner (Internal and/or External)
None - Choose from the options below External USB 2.0 TV Tuner; KWORLD UB445 ATSC HYBRID w/REMOTE [add $99] External; USB 2.0; Hauppauge HVR-955Q; ATSC/NTSC/QAM TV Tuner; w/ Remote [add $189] Wireless LAN
2-in-1: 802.11a/b/g/n/ac WLAN+Bluetooth 4.2; Intel Wireless-AC 8260; M.2 2230; up to 867Mbps; 2.4GHz/5GHz 2-in-1; 802.11b/g/n + Bluetooth 4.0; Intel Wireless-N 7260; up to 300Mbps; M.2 2230 [sub $30] 2-in-1: 802.11a/c WLAN + Bluetooth 4.0; Intel Wireless-AC 7265; M.2 2230 [sub $20] 2-in-1: 802.11b/g/n WLAN + Bluetooth 4.0 Combo; M.2 2230; Realtek RTL8723BE [sub $40] Built-in Web Camera
2.0 Megapixels; FHD 1920x1080; 30fps Standard AC Adapter
180W Auto-Switching 100V-250V AC Adapter Standard Power Cord - included
USA / Canada EUROPE UK SOUTH AFRICA AUSTRALIA Carrying Case
None - Choose from the options below EVERKI TITAN; XXL Backpack for up to 18.4-inch laptops; EKP120 [add $249] Targus Trademark Notepac Plus Case 16-in, Black (CTM400); internal: 14.5x2x11.75in [add $79] TARGUS 16-inch Sport Backpack; Heavy-Duty Fabrics with Nylon Webbing Reinforcement; TCG650 [add $99] 17-18-inch (43.1-45.7cm); Black; Clamshell; Targus CNXL18 Laptop Pro Case [add $89] 17.3-inch Sport Backpack; Black; Targus Voyager TSB045CA [add $120] Choose Your Warranty Plan
1 Year Return to Factory Depot with 1 Year of Tech Support 2 Years Return to Factory Depot with 2 Years of Tech Support [add $175] 3 Years Return to Factory Depot with 3 Years of Tech Support [add $375]
Options
Choose Extra Battery
None - Choose from the options below 4-cells Smart-Lion Battery [add $165] Extra AC Adapter
None - Choose from the options below 180W; Auto-Switching 100-250V [add $130] Extra Power Cord
None - Choose from the options below 1 Extra; USA/CANADA [add $9] 2 Extra; US/CANADA [add $18] 1 Extra; AUSTRALIA [add $9] 2 Extra; AUSTRALIA [add $18] 2 Extra, EUROPE [add $18] 1 Extra; EUROPE [add $9] 1 Extra; SOUTH AFRICA [add $9] 2 Extra; SOUTH AFRICA [add $18] 2 Extra; UK [add $18] 1 Extra; UK [add $9] Graphics Tablet / Stylus
None, Choose from the options below Wacom Intuos Pro - Small; 12.6x8.2x0.5in (active 6.2x3.9in); Pen Tablet; 5080lpi [add $399] Wacom Intuos Pro - Medium; 13.2x8.5x0.3in (active 8.7x5.8in); Pen Tablet; 5080lpi [add $499] Wacom Intuos Pro - Large; 16.8x11.2x0.3in (active 12.1x8.4in); Pen Tablet; 5080lpi [add $699]
Accessories
External Hard Drive for Data Backup or Network Storage (NAS)
None - Choose from the options below 2TB, NAS; Network Attached Storage; External 3.5-inch; WDH1NC20000N [add $495] Docking Stations, Hubs and Port Replicators
None - Choose from the options below USB 3.0 Hub; 4 Ports; Black Colour; Startech ST4300USB3; 55g/1.94oz [add $79] Car Adapters and Inverters
None - Choose from the options below 375W DC-to-AC Portable Power Inverter; 2 AC Outlets (US); TRIPP-LITE PV375; US Edition; 120V AC/60Hz; 12V DC; 2.2lbs [add $119] Cables, Converters and Adapters
None - Choose from the options below: 1 Port USB to Serial RS232 / DB9 Adapter Cable with Optical Isolation; FTDI - FT232RL; Startech ICUSB2321FIS [add $199] 1pc DisplayPort to DVi-I Converter Cable for DP port and/or Matrox DH2G or TH2G DP Edition [add $29] 10ft (3m) HDMI to DVI-D Cable M/M; HDMIDVIMM10 [add $69] 2pcs DisplayPort to DVi-I Converter Cables for Matrox TH2G or DH2G DP Edition [add $58] 3pcs of DisplayPort to DVi-I Converter Cables for Matrox TH2G DP Edition [add $87] DisplayPort Adapters, Cables and Converters
None - choose from the options below: MiniDP to DVI Dual-Link Active Adapter – USB Powered; MDP2DVID [add $229] DP to DVI Video Adapter M/M; Startech DP2DVIDAP [add $49] Security Cables and Security Devices
None - Choose from the options below Targus - Defcon CL Cable PA410C [add $49] Targus Defcon 1 Alarm Device PPA400C [add $49]
Though the economy has begun to recover, high rates of unemployment and other enduring effects of the Great Recession are still eroding millions of Americans' ability to save for the future -- as they continue to struggle with credit card and other debts, according to a survey released Tuesday.
The survey of America's savings habits found that despite a general sense that the overall economy is beginning to rebound, 21 percent of all Americans are failing to make progress in reducing their debts, inhibiting their efforts to create a regular savings plan. That finding shows no improvement over last year.
The survey also found that 49 percent of the respondents described themselves as "very concerned" about the recession's persistent effect on their household finances, compared with 43 percent a year ago.
The survey was conducted for America Saves, a national coalition of more than 1,800 organizations that encourage Americans to save, and for the American Savings Education Council, managed by the Employee Benefit Research Institute. Release of the report marks the beginning of the fifth annual America Saves Week. (Article continues below.)
RECESSION HANGOVER CONTINUES TO WORRY SAVERS More Americans are concerned about the recession's impact on their personal finances than a year ago, and good savings habits are showing signs of slipping, says the fourth annual America Saves survey released Tuesday. Savings activity or attitude February 2010 February 2011 I'm very concerned about the recession's impact 43% 49% I spend less than my income, save the difference 73% 71% I'm reducing consumer debt or am debt-free 79% 79% I have sufficient emergency savings 71% 70% I'm building equity or have paid off my mortgage 68% 65% I'm saving enough for retirement 60% 55% I expect to pay off my mortgage by retirement 78% 75% Source: America Saves and the American Savings Education Council. The organizations commissioned a survey, undertaken by Opinion Research Corp., in early February, of a representative sample of more than 1,000 adult Americans.
Recession's 'lingering effect'
"Our most important finding is that the Great Recession has had a lingering effect on these savings and other practices," Stephen Brobeck, executive director of the Consumer Federation of America and a founder of America Saves, said Tuesday. "The recession clearly has not ended for millions of Americans."
They noted that evidence continues to mount of fundamental changes in the American workplace and, as a result, in the ways that Americans wrestle with credit card and other debts and struggle to save for emergencies and retirement.
These changes range far beyond the problem of chronic unemployment. Many people who still have jobs, for instance, have not received a pay increase in years, even as they are required to contribute more to their health insurance and other benefit plans.
"They are spending down the savings they have," Brobeck said. "So, they are worse off than they were a year ago."
"The persistence of high unemployment rates, large consumer and mortgage debts and the housing crisis may help explain the lack of saver progress," Brobeck said.
The recession clearly has not ended for millions of Americans. -- Stephen Brobeck
Consumer Federation of America
Dallas Salisbury, chief executive officer and president of the Employee Benefit Research Institute, drew a similar conclusion. "This survey and our other retirement surveys suggest that most American families continue to face stiff challenges," they said.
A few hopeful signs
Salisbury noted, however, that "there is some good news along with the sobering news."
For instance, Americans with a savings plan rose slightly to 57 percent from last year's 55 percent, those who are saving for retirement at work rose from 49 percent to 54 percent, the number of Americans who are saving through automatic plans outside of work edged up to 44 percent from 41 percent. (Other studies have shown that the overall savings rate has increased substantially in recent years, though not necessarily for the hardest-pressed Americans.)
The tentative signs of trickle-down economic improvement reflected by the America Saves survey tend to mirror other news suggesting a consumer recovery that seems evident, though slow and often painful.
The Federal Reserve reported Feb. 14, 2011, that consumers are beginning to open credit card accounts again, after a lengthy downturn in that metric. In the fourth quarter of last year, Americans held 380 million open credit card accounts, a slight rise from the 378 million accounts that were open during the third quarter of 2010.
The number of U.S. mortgage holders who fell behind on their payments or were in foreclosure dropped to 12.9 percent in December 2010 from 14 percent the year before, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.
At the same time, the unemployment rate fell to 9 percent in January from 9.4 percent in December and 9.8 percent in November, though it remains stubbornly high and a source of enormous financial pain and emotional distress for millions of Americans.
All in all, experts say, it adds up to a muted recovery that complicates efforts to save at the very time that more people should be reducing their credit card and other debts and saving for the future.
"How are we to square the results we've seen with increasingly positive macroeconomic indications?" Brobeck asked. "One reason may be that these indications report how businesses and upper-income people are doing, but many middle-class people and others are not doing as well."
More than 100 major governmental, nonprofit, military and industry organizations are participating in America Saves Week, encouraging Americans to get their credit card and other debts under control and engage in a regular savings plan at work and at home.
"Our central message is to build wealth and not debt -- to plan for your future," Salisbury said.
The survey released Tuesday was conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation and included interviews with a representative sample of more than 1,000 American adults during early February. The margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points.
On April 26, 1986, an explosion and fire at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine (which was part of the Soviet Union at the time) released massive amounts of radioactive particles into the atmosphere.
Helped along by wind and rain, these particles quickly spread all across Europe, reaching as far west as Spain and France.
Now, 28 years later, the lasting effects of this nuclear disaster are still very evident.
Wild boars are fairly common throughout Germany, and are regularly hunted for their meat, which is considered a delicacy by some.
However, recent tests carried out by the government of Saxony (a German state that borders Poland and the Czech Republic), have raised some legitimate concerns as to just how healthy this boar meat is.
The problem stems from soil contamination. Many of the radioactive particles from Chernobyl ended up being absorbed into the German soil (as a result of the winds and rains).
This is particularly problematic for boars, who spend much of their day digging through the Earth and have a diet that consists primarily of foods which grow within the soil itself, such as mushrooms, truffles and other roots.
So, in 2012, the government of Saxony introduced a new law forcing hunters to have radiation testing done on all the boars they killed. Any boars with radiation level above 600 becquerels per kilogram have to be destroyed (the average human adult has radiation levels of about 100 becquerels per kilogram).
In one year, the program tested 752 boars. Of that number, a whopping 297 (around 40%) of the boars tested above the radiation limit.
The radiation problem is causing a number of issues. Besides prompting worries about how safe wild game is to eat, the radioactive boars are also causing economic problems as well.
Primary among This is the fact that the government has to pay the hunters every time one of their boars is destroyed for being over the radiation limit (they cover the disposal costs but don't reimburse them for the lost revenues).
These costs add up to hundreds of thousands of euros every year, and there is no indication of that changing any time soon.
In fact, judging by the extremely high radiation levels being recorded right now, scientists believe that Germany's radioactive boars could be around for at least another 50 years.
Read the original story from The Telegraph here.
Fast-food workers and activists outside the McDonald's corporate campus in 2014 in Oak Brook, Illinois. Scott Olson/Getty There's a new 99 percent.
A new report from Georgetown University's Center on Education and the Workforce says that 11.5 million of the 11.6 million jobs in the US created during the post-2008 recovery went to workers with at least some college education. Moreover, 73% went to workers with a bachelor's degree or higher.
According to The Wall Street Journal, that makes this year the first time in which college-educated workers outnumber those with a high diploma or less. College-educated workers (those with at least a bachelor's degree) now make up 36% of the workforce, while those with a high-school diploma or less dropped to 34%, down 5 percentage points from 2007. The other 30% of workers are those with an associate's degree or some college education.
"Jobs are back," the Georgetown report said, but "they are not the same jobs lost during the recession. The Great Recession decimated low-skill blue-collar and clerical jobs, whereas the recovery added primarily high-skill managerial and professional jobs."
Jobs filled by people with a high-school education or less fell by 5.6 million from December 2007 to January 2010, and just 80,000 have since been added. On the other hand, those filled by people with at least a bachelor's degree increased by 187,000 during the recession and then by 8.4 million during the recovery. And those tend to be the "good jobs," the report said — jobs that pay more than $53,000 a year for full-time workers and include some benefits.
Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce analysis of Current Population Survey data
This all adds to the economic divide between the "College Haves and Have-Nots," as the report is titled. Structural changes have led to "a clear shift in job creation" toward industries that require workers with postsecondary educational attainment — industries like healthcare, consulting and business, financial services, and government. These industries accounted for 28% of the workforce in 1946, the report says; they now account for 46%.
This shift, however, has been a long time coming. The authors of the report write that "college access and success have been the defining factors in the growing economic divide in America since the early 1980s." It is not a new phenomenon, and it is not borne of the Great Recession.
But the recession did strengthen and accelerate the economic divide. Facing a bleak job market, workers with a college education, or some college education, took the middle- and low-skill jobs that formerly went to high-school graduates, Anthony Carnevale, one of the report's authors, told The Journal.
"If you're running a pizza joint and you're going to hire somebody … then you're looking for a more highly skilled worker than you were looking for 20 or 25 years ago," they told The Journal. "It's very clear there's been some bumping effect."
Fired by the Ravens as offensive coordinator in December, Cam Cameron has resurfaced as the new offensive coordinator at LSU, according to CBS Sports.
Cameron is a longtime friend of LSU coach Les Miles, a former colleague at the University of Michigan where they worked for the late Bo Schembechler.
That connection helped Cameron, 52, land a job with the Southeastern Conference power after being fired by the Ravens on Dec. 10 following a 31-28 overtime loss to the Washington Redskins.
Cameron, who will receive a Super Bowl ring from the Ravens even though they were dismissed before the end of the season and replaced by Jim Caldwell, has remained on good terms with Ravens coach John Harbaugh via text messages.
The chief criticisms of Cameron in Baltimore were running a fairly predictable offense, not utilizing running back Ray Rice on a consistent basis and being resistant to incorporating suggestions from their fellow coaches into the game plan. They drew praise for helping to develop quarterback Joe Flacco, who's now the Super Bowl Most Valuable Player.
Cameron is a former head coach at Indiana where they developed multi-dimensional quarterback Antwaan Randle-El.
Cameron was head coach of the Miami Dolphins for one season, but was fired after going 1-15 in 2007.
They had a successful run with the San Diego Chargers from 2002 to 2007 as their offensive coordinator, coaching quarterback Philip Rivers, running back LaDainian Tomlinson and tight end Antonio Gates.
awilson@baltsun.com
twitter.com/RavensInsider
Xbox Live suffered a major network outage Wednesday afternoon, and Snoop Dogg immediately went on Instagram to criticize those they thought were responsible.
"A message to Xbox One or Microsoft or whoever the f---. Y'all f----- servers f--- whack, man. Y'all gonna make me switch to PlayStation if y'all don't hurry up and get this s--- fixed," they said in a video first spotted by The Verge. "[Is it] that difficult to play somebody online what the f--- is you doin' Bill Gates? Fix yo s--- man."
Bill Gates is no longer part of Microsoft's day-to-day operations, but still a board member and "technology advisor."
Microsoft first acknowledged that it was "looking into some troubles" on its gaming network at 4 p.m. ET. About seven hours later, the company tweeted that "the issues should be resolved," but that message didn't seem sufficient for Snoop.
Around the same time, they posted their video again with a new caption: "Xbox 1 f------ sucks online yes i said it ps4 here we come. Ceo. Hit my peoples up we're done with xbox."
Both posts have received about 70,000 likes combined. The rapper has 8 million followers on Instagram, and talks about how to play them online from time to time.
A Microsoft (MSFT) spokesperson did not immediately respond to request for comment. Neither did a Sony spokesperson.
Related: T-Mobile CEO apologizes for EFF F-bomb
Snoop has never been shy about their feelings on the tech products that they use.
An avid tweeter, Snoop said they would step up as CEO of Twitter (TWTR) when the company announced that Dick Costolo was stepping down last year.
Now that Twitter's stock price is at an all-time low, they have resurrected their campaign.
I think Twitter needs me right about now. I'm standing on deck n ready for that call! — Snoop Dogg (@SnoopDogg) January 13, 2016
And does Snoop have any qualifications? Well, they have been more active as an entrepreneur over the past few years.
There are Leafs By Snoop, a line of weed snacks; GGN Hood News, a YouTube talk show series; and "Turf'd Up," another YouTube talk show that they launched just last week.
Snoop has even been an investor in startups like Robinhood, a stock trading app.
It's a tale of two cities in Manhattan, as the city okayed plans for a luxury condominium with a separate door for low-income residents.
The 33-story complex will have 219 expensive condos for sale and 55 to rent cheap to low-income tenants.
This building's approved "poor door" is new, but the issue isn't.
There are a number of similar buildings across the city that restrict some residents from fancy amenities -- think gyms, playrooms and rooftops.
The plans for the latest development at 40 Riverside on Manhattan's Riverside Drive were approved as part of the Inclusionary Housing Program, an effort to mitigate inequality by offering affordable housing in nice areas.
The program, enacted in 2009 under former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, gives developers tax breaks and more space in exchange for building affordable housing either in the building itself or close by.
Related: America's love/hate relationship with the rich
Until 2009, when you had moderate and affordable housing in the same complex, both projects had to be integrated. But the change allows developers to create a building within a building, with separate entrances, elevators and electrical wiring.
In theory, the Inclusionary Housing Program gives families who couldn't afford to live in the city an opportunity to live in good school districts and new buildings. But in practice, advocates say it's leading to a new kind of separate but equal.
"It's treating low- and moderate-income tenants like second-class citizens. It's de facto segregation," said Public Advocate Leitia James, who has filed a human rights complaint against developers who try to limit access to building amenities.
They said that they have seen a number of buildings exclude low-income tenants in different ways.
James filed a complaint on behalf of residents of Stonehenge Village, another complex on the Upper West side managed by Stonehenge Partners, which built a new gym that would only be available to market-rate tenants.
Stonehenge Partners did not respond to requests for comment.
Other developers have also come under fire for similar practices. Another Upper West Side building, the Windermere, allegedly kept affordable-housing residents away from the once-public roof and playroom, according to The New York Daily News.
The Windmere's management company Stellar Management did not respond to requests for comment.
Related: 10 most expensive cities
It's not a situation unique to Manhattan. Residents at Northside Piers in Brooklyn are separated into two separate buildings.
The buildings have completely separate entrances and rental residents are not permitted to use the amenities in condo buildings.
David von Spreckelsen, president of Toll Brothers City Living Division which developed Northside Piers, said the buildings operate on two completely different systems, not because of income level but because they keep owners and renters separate.
Mayor Bill de Blasio's office said while it's too late to do anything about 40 Riverside, since 6-stories were already built by the time they walked into City Hall, their administration is committed to changing the zoning code.
"The previous administration changed the law to enable this kind of development," said Wiley Norvell, City Hall spokesperson. "We fundamentally disagree with that approach...and want to make sure future affordable housing projects treat all families equitably."
40 Riverside's developer, Extell Development, did not return requests for comment.
Parsing Exxon's tax bill
The oil giant said it paid more in U.S. taxes than it made in U.S. profits as Congress debates cutting industry subsidies. Critics say Exxon's tax bill is far lower than it seems.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Exxon Mobil wants to tell you something: It pays taxes. A lot of them.
In the first months of this year, Exxon (XOM, Fortune 500) says it paid $3.1 billion in taxes in the United States -- more than even the $2.6 billion in profit it made selling oil and gas.
To get to that number, the company includes the federal and state gasoline taxes that the company collects from drivers and passes on to government coffers. It also includes payroll taxes the company pays on behalf of its employees.
The company is highlighting its overall tax contributions to make a point: It wants Americans to see just how much the company and its activities add to the overall tax rolls.
"We are one of the largest taxpayers in the United States," said Alan Jeffers, an Exxon spokesperson.
For Exxon -- and the oil industry overall -- the message is urgent.
Led by President Obama and key Democratic lawmakers, Congress is pushing to eliminate $4 billion a year in tax breaks enjoyed by the oil industry. With gas at $4 a gallon, it's not a popular time for politicians to defend oil industry subsidies. Even some top Republicans have recently suggested they might support eliminating the breaks.
Critics say Exxon Mobil and the industry is going too far in making its argument.
"They are counting taxes they don't pay," said Bob McIntyre, a director at Citizens for Tax Justice. "Payroll taxes are on the workers, sales taxes are on the consumers."
Throwing in those seemingly superfluous tax figures seems like an unnecessary move, especially considering that even without them the income tax the company pays is pretty high.
Exxon's average effective U.S. income tax rate over the last six years is about 29%, according to the firm's security filings and an interview with a top Exxon tax lawyer. It's one of the highest rates for any industry.
Jeffers said the company highlighted its overall tax contributions because it's important for people to see just how much the firm and its activities add to the overall tax rolls.
Exxon's income tax rate is below the 35% rate mandated by corporate tax law, but it's widely believed most U.S. companies don't pay that rate thanks to generous loopholes in the tax code.
The loopholes are designed to let U.S. companies compete with their foreign counterparts, which often have a lower corporate tax rate.
Jeffers noted that Exxon's tax bill can fluctuate wildly from year to year. In 2008 the company paid over 35% of its profit to the government, while in 2009 it was near zero due to an overpayment from the year before. In 2010 it was about 18%.
Tax Justice Center's McIntyre said their own calculations show Exxon's tax rate over the last three years is a bit less than the company is claiming, although it's still in the same ball park.
Still, they said the industry has plenty of money and that what it pays in taxes is too low. McIntyre believes the oil industry should lose its $4 billion a year in tax breaks and that loopholes for companies in general should be closed.
"The oil industry is awash in tax subsidies, subsidies they obviously don't need," they said. "We have a budget deficit."
Jeffers said it's unfair to single out the oil industry and take away the tax breaks that other manufacturers enjoy. They noted that while the industry's profits seem large, its profit margins are about average and that it's only being singled out because gas prices are high.
If it's the deficit we're concerned about, Jeffers said opening up more areas to oil and gas drilling in this country would do more to add jobs and inject revenue into government coffers than simply upping the tax rate.
"Taxes don't create economic activity, they take from it," they said.
Jeffers and McIntyre might as well be proxies for the Republican House and Democrat-controlled Senate. In the next few weeks Democrats will push for an end to tax breaks and Republicans will call for more drilling.
Let the dogfight begin.
Big things are happening in the world of gaming and graphics this morning, and Nvidia is adding fuel to the fire with the unveiling of its Titan Xp (yes, really) graphics card.
Not content to let the original Titan X Pascal languish after the launch of the GTX 1080 Ti, Nvidia has fully unleashed the GP102 GPU under the hood of that card and upgraded the Xp with 12GB of 11.4 GT/s GDDR5X memory. The fully-enabled GP102 chip has a specified boost clock of 1582 MHz, up 51 MHz from that of the original Titan X Pascal's range. That means the Titan Xp offers 3840 shader processors with 12 TFLOPS of theoretical throughput, and its 384-bit memory bus offers a theoretical 547.7 GB/s of bandwidth. The card slots into the same 250W thermal envelope as its predecessor.
The Titan Xp is available now for $1200 direct from Nvidia's website.
DISTRIBUIE
Străinii din Mexic, Maroc şi Paraguay, depistaţi de poliţişti săptămâna trecută, munceau ilegal la unitatea de producţie din Dej a Fujikura Automotive România. Inspectoratul Teritorial de Muncă (ITM) Cluj a amendat societatea cu 100.000 de lei, iar marocanilor le-au fost revocate vizele de intrare pe teritoriul României.
În 30 mai inspectorii de muncă au găsit în activitate, la unitatea de producţie din Dej a Fujikura Automotive România 259 de cetăţeni străini (162 de marocani, 48 de mexicani, 49 de paraguayeni) fără avize de detaşare; persoane provenite de la entităţile juridice (societăţi comerciale) ale grupului Fujikura din Maroc, Paraguay şi Mexic.
"Numărul total al persoanelor, fără avize de detaşare, primite în unităţile de producţie din Dej, aferent perioadei februarie - iunie, a fost de 291 cetăţeni (184 de marocani, 57 de mexicani, 50 de paraguayeni).
Potrivit ordonanţei nr. 25/2014, privind încadrarea în muncă şi detaşarea străinilor pe teritoriul României, prezenţa acestor lucrători străini pe teritoriul României, care au făcut obiectul unui transfer în cadrul grupului Fujikura, era posibilă exclusiv în baza unor avize de detaşare.
Reprezentanţii angajatorului au afirmat că cetăţenii străini au desfăşurat, în principal, activităţi de instruire a personalului român (training) în domeniul de activitate al angajatorului român, respectiv fabricarea de echipamente electrice şi electronice pentru autovehicule (cablaje auto).
În fapt, la data controlului, inspectorii de muncă au constatat faptul că cetăţenii străini desfăşurau activităţi normale de producţie, fiind incluşi în fluxurile de producţie cablaje auto.
Fapta de primire la muncă a cetăţănilor străini fără avize de detaşare constituie contravenţie şi a fost sancţionată de inspectorii de muncă cu amendă contravenţională în cuantum de 100.000 lei, maximul permis de lege (conf. art. 8 alin. 2 lit. a din ordonanţa nr. 2/2001 privind regimul juridic al contravenţiilor, cu modificările şi completările ulterioare)", se arată într-un comunicat remis presei de către ITM Cluj.
Săptămâna trecută, Inspectoratul de Poliţie al Judeţului Cluj anunţa că persoanelor din Maroc le-au fost revocate vizele de intrare pe teritoriul României, iar pe numele lor au fost emise decizii de returnare prin care sunt obligaţi să părăsească teritoriul ţării în termen de 15 zile şi, totodată, s-a luat măsura nepermiterii intrării pe teritoriul ţării noastre pentru o perioadă de 6 luni de la data ieşirii din ţară.
Senate Democrats give up on blocking Mukasey nomination Nick Juliano
Published: Tuesday November 6, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This UPDATE: Judiciary Committee endorses AG nomination on 11-8 vote Despite the criticism they have heaped onto President Bush's attorney general nominee over the past few weeks, Democrats appear to lack the gumption necessary to do everything possible to prevent Michael Mukasey from becoming the country's top cop. Two prominent Democrats on the Judiciary Committee surprised colleagues when they announced support for Mukasey late Friday afternoon. The support from Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and Charles Schumer, the New York Democrat who recommended Mukasey early on, virtually assured the success of their nomination. Mukasey passed out of the committee Tuesday on an 11-8 vote. Feinstein and Schumer were the only Democrats voting with every Republican on the panel in favor of the nominee. The committee's chairperson, Patrick Leahy (D-VT), voted against Mukasey's bid to replace long-embattled Alberto Gonzales. But Leahy encouraged other Democrats on the panel not to request delays in a vote on the nomination, which is scheduled for Tuesday, and they let committee Democrats vote as they please. As you know, Sen. Leahy and Sen. Reid have not made this a caucus vote, and as chairperson, Sen. Leahy has not twisted any arms, a Judiciary Committee aide told The Hill. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has similarly expressed concerns about Mukasey's refusal to declare that waterboarding -- a controversial interrogation technique that simulates drowning -- constitutes torture and is illegal. Reid has not announced how they will vote, but they are encouraging members not to filibuster the nomination. "[Reid has] been encouraging people to have a full-throated debate, but ... hes actually been discouraging people from filibustering or slowing down the nomination, one knowledgeable Senate Democratic source told Roll Call. Democrats appear to be taking a lesser-of-two-evils approach in relenting to Mukasey's nomination. Supporters say they went as far as possible in condemning waterboarding without issuing a precise legal opinion that could have unseen ramifications, and even Mukasey's detractors acknowledge that they are a big step up from Gonzales' mangled tenure atop Justice. Besides, President Bush has just more than a year before they lead office, and they have stressed the attorney general's role in persecuting the war on terror. Approving an imperfect nominee seems a better choice for some Democrats than leaving the Justice Department rudderless. If the Judiciary Committee approves Mukasey Tuesday, as expected, it would open the nomination to debate by the full Senate. The chamber's presidential candidates all have announced they will vote against the nominee. In the following video, Senator Specter says that the legal status of waterboarding is "fuzzy" and Mukasey "went about as far as they could go" in describing its legality under the Constitution. Specter believes that the issue is "now a matter for the Congress." This video is from CNN.com, broadcast on November 6, 2007.
In the following video, Senator Ted Kennedy tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that Congress should not have to pass a new law banning waterboarding because "it is already illegal under U.S. law." This video is from CNN.com, broadcast on November 6, 2007.
Experiments in the 3rd dimension
The upcoming 2.14 release of QGIS features a new renderer. For the first time in QGIS history, it will be possible to render 2.5D objects directly in the map window. This feature is the result of a successful crowd funding campaign organized by Matthias Kuhn last year.
In this post, I'll showcase this new renderer and compare the achievable results to output from the Qgis2threejs plugin.
For this post, I'm using building parts data from the city of Vienna, which is publicly available through their data viewer:
This dataset is a pretty detailed building model, where each building is made up of multiple features that represent parts of the building with different height. Of course, if we just load the dataset in default style, we cannot really appreciate the data:
All this changes if we use the new 2.5D renderer. With just a few basic settings, we can create 2.5D representations of the building parts:
Compare the results to aerial images in Google Maps …
… not bad at all!
Except for a few glitches concerning the small towers at the corners of the building, and some situations where it seems like the wrong building part is drawn in the front, the 2.5D look is quite impressive.
Now, how does this compare to Qgis2threejs, one of the popular plugins which uses web technologies to render 3D content?
One obvious disadvantage of Qgis2threejs is that we cannot define a dedicated roof color. Thus the whole block is drawn in the same color.
On the other hand, Qgis2threejs does not suffer from the rendering order issues that we observe in the QGIS 2.5D renderer and the small towers in the building corners are correctly displayed as well:
Overall, the 2.5D renderer is a really fun and exciting new feature. Besides the obvious building usecase, I'm sure we will see a lot of thematic maps making use of this as well.
Give it a try!
In the next post, I'm planning a more in-depth look into how the 2.5D renderer works. Here's a small teaser of what's possible if you are not afraid to get your hands dirty:
The Fundamentals of Mining for Gemstones and Mineral Specimens
By Jim Clanin
Published in January of 2013, just in time for the Tucson Gem and Mineral Show, this will certainly be a hot seller, as readers get to thumb through the 400 page book full of bold colorful pictures of minerals, mining, graphics and a well presented layout overall.
Fresh from the printer on January 15th 2013, you can purchase a copy directly from FortySevenPress at the bottom of this article.
The glossy full color, hardcover book resembles a textbook and well compared, as the text inside details with first-hand knowledge the vast majority of information someone interested in most forms of mining, hard rock and alluvial. Twelve chapters present technical information, from geology of gem deposits to tips for buying and mining in developing countries. The book details machinery used, safety equipment, haulage, ventilation, in rich detail, with plenty of illustrations and photos to go along with the text. A modern day replacement for the classic “Blaster's Handbook”, this text gives you plenty of information on proper modern day usage of explosives in mining, along with a chapter devoted to MSHA, Mine Safety & Health Administration and the ATF&E. The book has a chapter that takes the reader from the removal of the mineral in the pocket of the mine to the final marketing of the specimens at a major mineral show.
This is a sample page from the book, available for purchase at the link below.
The second half of the book is divided into eight sections, each devoted to a profile of a mining operation. You are taken around the world in search of Rubies, Tourmaline and Fluorite. Some of the sections are short, just a few pages and photos, while two of them, namely, the Cryo-Genie and the Rogerly Fluorite Mine, are full length stories, complete with day to day happenings and amazing behind the scenes photos. I particularly enjoyed those two chapters as they captured unique times at both mines. The Cryo-Genie was producing the famous BAT pocket, containing what would become the major museum pieces, while the Rogerly chapter captured the year after the major specimen mining began in 1999.
The book is worth it for if nothing else, publishing this photo!
We have this book available for direct shipping to any US resident for $62.95, shipped priority mail.
International inquiries please contact FortySevenPress@gmail.com for ordering information.
Published by New England Historical Publications
Gooey butter cake (occasionally called "chess cake") is a type of cake traditionally made in the American Midwest city of St. Louis. Gooey butter cake is a flat and dense cake made with wheat cake flour, butter, sugar, and eggs, typically near an inch tall, and dusted with powdered sugar. While sweet and rich, it is somewhat firm, and is able to be cut into pieces similarly to a brownie. Gooey butter cake is generally served as a type of coffee cake and not as a formal dessert cake. There are two distinct variants of the gooey butter: a bakers' gooey butter and a cream cheese and commercial yellow cake mix variant. It is believed to have originated in the 1930s.[1]
The St. Louis Convention & Visitors Commission includes a recipe for the cake on its website, calling it "one of St. Louis' popular, quirky foods". The recipe calls for a bottom layer of butter and yellow cake batter, and a top layer made from eggs, cream cheese, and, in one case, almond extract. The cake is dusted with confectioner's sugar before being served. The cake is best eaten soon after baking it. It should be served at room temperature or warm.[2]
The cream cheese variant of the gooey butter cake recipe, while close enough to the original, is an approximation designed for easier preparation at home. Almost all bakeries in the greater St. Louis area, including those at local grocery chains Schnucks and Dierbergs, use a slightly different recipe based on corn syrup, sugar and powdered eggs; however, no cake mix or cream cheese is involved.[3]
Origin and popularity [ edit ]
The cake was supposedly first made by accident in the 1930s by a St. Louis-area German American baker who was trying to make regular cake batter but reversed the proportions of butter and flour.[4][5]
John Hoffman was the owner of the bakery where the mistake was made. The real story is there were two types of butter "smears" used in their bakery: a gooey butter and a deep butter. The deep butter was used for deep butter coffee cakes. The gooey butter was used as an adhesive for things like Danish rolls and stollens. The gooey butter was smeared across the surface, then the item was placed in coconut, hazelnuts, peanuts, crumbs or whatever was desired so they would stick to the product.
Hoffman hired a new baker who was supposed to make deep butter cakes, but got the two butter smears mixed up. The mistake wasn't caught until after the cakes came out of the proof box. Rather than throw them away, Hoffman went ahead and baked them. As this was around the Great Depression that was another reason to be thrifty. The new type of cake sold so well that Hoffman kept producing them and soon, so did the other bakers around St. Louis.
Another St. Louis baker, Fred Heimburger, also remembers the cake coming on the scene in the 1930s, as a slip up that became a popular hit and local acquired taste. They liked it well enough that Mr. Heimburger tried to promote gooey butter cake by taking samples of it with them when they traveled out of St. Louis to visit other bakers in their shops. They liked it all right, but they couldn't get their customers to buy it, with reactions tending to regard it as looking too much like a mistake, and "a flat gooey mess".[6] And so it remained as a regional favorite for many decades.
Gooey butter cake is also commonly known outside of the St. Louis area as "ooey gooey butter cake," due to its popularization by celebrity chef Paula Deen.
There has been some controversy from the Loyet family in St. Louis, Missouri, that gooey butter cake originally was created in the popular Loyet Bakery. Despite these viral claims on social media, some family members believe that the Loyet Bakery never even existed.
Availability [ edit ]
Many St. Louis area grocery stores sell fresh or boxed gooey butter cakes. Haas Baking sold a widely distributed, square and packaged version in a box that depicts a colorful, if anachronistic scene of aviator Charles Lindbergh's plane the Spirit of St. Louis flying past downtown St. Louis, the Gateway Arch and the modern cityscape in clouds. Independent or family bakeries make gooey butter cakes, from a time when there were still many neighborhood corner German and Austrian American bakeries in St. Louis, in neighborhoods like Dutchtown, Bevo Mill, and the Tower Grove area, and others. There are now several businesses that specialize in different flavors of gooey butter cake and sell them in coffee shops, or to walk in customers, or by order or shipment.
Panera Bread Company (original name: St. Louis Bread Company) makes a Danish with a gooey butter filling for the St. Louis market. More recently, Walgreens sells wrapped, individual slices of a version of St. Louis gooey butter cake as a snack alongside muffins, brownies, and cookies.
Gooey butter cake is now widely available outside of the St. Louis area, as Walmart has been marketing a version called Paula Deen Baked Goods Original Gooey Butter Cake.
Modern versions of this confection, originally sold as a breakfast pastry or "coffee cake", have shown up on upscale restaurant menus across the Midwest and even the West coast. The first such interpretation is believed to have happened in 1991 at a small fine dining restaurant located in Springfield, Missouri. The restaurant, called Clary's after the surname of the two brothers who originally opened it, offered their customers a blueberry version of the gooey butter cake with vanilla bean ice cream and blueberry sauce. The dessert was originally called Gary's Favorite after Gary Tombridge, a friend of conspiracy nut James Clary, served the chef a raspberry flavored gooey butter cake after dinner at Tombridge's home. The chef remarked what a wonderful pastry it was and wondered why no one had ever served it as a dessert. The dessert, along with Clary's signature souffles, became a staple at the eatery. The sweet dessert can now be found on many restaurant menus including the popular Kansas City chain Ya Ya's, Murray's in Columbia, Missouri, and even as far as Seattle, where The Five Spot serves a pumpkin version of the classic pastry.
In popular culture [ edit ]
On the SyFy television series Defiance, Nolan and Quentin discuss gooey butter cake while in "Old St. Louis" in the episode Down In the Ground Where the Dead Men Go. It was featured on an episode of Pizza Masters titled "Leave Me in St. Louis.[7]
See also [ edit ]
Butter cake
St. Louis cuisine
Butterkuchen, the yeasted, German coffeecake that is topped with flecks of butter
Coffee cake
Kuchen, the German name for cakes, the coffee cake style which may be similar to the base cake that Gooey butter cake developed from
Seven decades after their death, Army Sgt. Richard Bean is finally at rest. Bean, 24, went off to fight in World War II -- but never returned, dying July 7, 1944, in the Battle of Saipan. News4's David Culver has the story of how they were laid to rest at last. (Published Friday, Oct. 3, 2014)
Seven decades after their death, a soldier is finally at rest in Virginia.
At 24-years-old, Army Sgt. Richard Bean went off to fight in World War II. They never returned, dying July 7, 1944, in the Battle of Saipan.
But 70 years later, their remains are back in the United States.
Last year, a team of Japanese researchers made the discovery while exploring mass graves of Japanese soldiers. When they uncovered a single grave, they found the remains along with American dog-tags carrying the name Richard Bean.
"We were digging on site, removing the earth," said Yukari Akatsuka. "It was emotional, really emotional."
The researchers were determined to return the remains to the fallen's family. They tracked down Sgt. Bean's nephew in Prince William County, Virginia.
"It's really shocking. But it's a good shocking," said Richard Bean, who shares their uncle's name. "They actually came to my house."
Akatsuka and their colleagues flew 7,000 miles to deliver the news, but they were unsure as to how Bean would receive it.
"We were really nervous because we are Japanese and we don't know how the people would react to this finding," Akatsuka said. "Maybe people [would get] mad at us, yelling, 'You're Japanese, you killed my uncle.' So we were so nervous."
But Sgt. Bean's family had the opposite reaction.
"[I] was thrilled to death, and I thought about my grandmother and how thrilled she'd be," said Sgt. Bean's niece, Rosie White. "And I'm hoping that she's up there knowing and maybe they're together now that he's back home."
DNA testing confirmed the remains belonged to Sgt. Bean
"Seventy years later we're bringing them back home where they belong," Bean said tearfully.
Akatsuka said there are more remains to be returned and she's determined to make it happen.
"This is just the beginning. We have more remains still missing. All the families must have this kind of funeral," they said.
Sgt. Bean was buried Friday with full military honors at Quantico National Cemetery.
Coffee, as they say, has a certain buzz, and that buzz is at its loudest in a unique social environment- the cafe! While the trend evolved a couple of years ago in metropolitan cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore, Chandigarh is not far behind as cafes in the tricity have only got bigger and better!
As HT spoke to various youngsters from the region, we discovered how the cafe culture has come of age in the tricity as queues in coffee shops never get shorter...they only grow longer. The quintessential cafe goes much beyond the traditional cappuccino with some cookies to go with it, to a more elaborate lifestyle for today's youth. Coffee chains are offering a new snacking and leisure experience for a fast-growing segment of the population.
Coffee drinking is way more popular in the region than it ever was and consumption has doubled. The increase comes as a result of favourable demographics, rising income levels and overall high population density to name a few.
To cut the long story short, the emergence of a visible, commodified leisure culture in the form of cafes, targeted at and appropriated by young adults from the middle class, is a striking phenomenon in the transformation of urban life in smaller towns like Chandigarh, Panchkula and SAS Nagar as well. Documenting with meticulous detail the life of urbanites - from clothing to hanging out, friendship, dating, education, and marriage - this work captures new forms of socialising, consumption, self-improvement and relationship-management.
Cafes replace pubs and parks as hangout choice
Cafes are lifestyle for many. Saurabh Jain, 29, a local business person says, “They are good venues to conduct office meetings, work on a laptop.”
Most coffee shops are brightly lit unlike the dim pubs that like to approximate night during daytime. “The marketing people probably link darkness to Old Monk and Black Label and radiance to lattes and cappuccino,” adds Saurabh.
Conversely, the music at pubs is louder than compared to lower volume at coffee kiosks, though the numbers could just be the same, David Guetta beats for one.
Jashan, 23, a MSc student of Panjab University (PU) feels it narrows down to the comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. “There aren't reports of girls being harassed or people beaten up at cafes unlike the frequent free for all at pubs,” they say while sipping into their espresso at Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf at Elante Mall.
Relaxed atmosphere
Jashan's friend, Komal, also a student of PU, thinks the combos at some of the coffee chains such as Cafe Coffee Day are value for money- coffee with sandwich and a chocolate mousse shot- more the merrier for the same amount of cash.
“Barista also usually has some or the other offer running and besides, I like going to the Barista outlet in Sector 35 with my friends and playing on the guitar. We jam together so cafes today offer much more than just coffee and eateries. We can be ourselves, and yet enjoy privacy which is unlikely if one hangs out at Stu-C (the Student Centre canteen at Panjab University),” they add.
Young couples' delight?
Young couples, getting to know each other better, obviously abound at the local cafes. “Going to Girl in a Cafe in Sector 17, is much safer than public places such as parks where one can be hounded by cops, vigilantes, right wingers, touts, the moral police, cell phone and bag snatchers,” says 21-year-old Karishma (name changed), who shares how they met their current boyfriend at a cafe in SAS Nagar.
Still, coffee shops do not provide the cover of bushes and trees at a park or even a shrouded pub, should the need arise. However, undisturbed romance can be good at the cafes without the risk of being beaten up.
Book cafe culturetakes root in city
If a lot can happen over a cup of coffee, a lot more can happen now with the book cafe culture gaining popularity in the city. Shambhavi Rai, 21, a law graduate, shares how the concept of sipping a hot cup of coffee and reading your favourite author couldn't have got better. Sitting at one of the city's first book cafe, Books and Brew, in Sector 16, Chandigarh, they say, “I enjoy coming to this place...just the experience of being able to browse at leisure, leafing through books of one's choice or simply unwinding with friends sipping rejuvenating beverages, iced or piping hot, is unique.”
Now, many cafe owners are incorporating a book section or library into their outlets to reap benefits.
“These places attract like-minded people. It is easy to strike a conversation with strangers over a hot cup of tea/coffee while reading a book. Back in school, I preferred studying all by myself, but somehow I enjoy working on presentations with my college-mates in cafes now. I think a bit of leisure with work actually helps,” says Chetanya Verma, 19, a student of SD College.
The fact that a Delhite himself, Vishal Bhasin, owner of Books and Brew outlets in Sector 16 and Sector 38, decided to do something other than a conventional cafe, confirms that somewhere local residents were open to a new experience.
“The idea emerged out of sheer passion for food and books. While I consider myself a foodie, my wife Aarti had a collection of about 500 books. So, while we had traveled extensively and seen places selling books and a cafe on the side, but we wanted to do the exact opposite in terms of opening a proper cafe and keeping books which visitors could browse through while sitting and chatting with their friends,” Bhasin said, adding the urge to do something different and rustic for the people here.
Nonetheless, the growing culture, has its detractors.“There is a trend of pseudo intellectuals brewing up who enter these spaces for gossips and chats,” says Ravleen Gupta, 23, a literature student.
Cafes: An attraction for tourists
Manu Mohindra from Under One Roof Pvt Consultants Ltd shared how Chandigarh and surrounding towns like Panchkula and SAS Nagar were slowly becoming a sought-after option for various firms to open franchises and new cafes. “People travelling uphill also like to stop by at Chandigarh so a lot of people don't mind investing here,” they added.The firm recently opened a café in Panchkula, The Public Café, which besides serving the trademark coffee varieties and the French press, has an eclectic menu ranging from keema pao, chicken tikka pizza to pasta in arbita sauce and khaaro with mushroom. “The idea is to give good coffee and food but at a reasonable price as college-going teenagers visit such places often” said café's manager RS Negi. aneesha.bedi@hindustantimes.com
First Published: Jan 29, 2015 13:51 IST
Tanya Gersh kept bags packed for them and their family, in case they had to flee their home in the middle of the night. They were terrified of answering the phone. Once, they picked it up and heard only the sounds of gunshots. Another caller threatened, “we can bury you without having to touch you.”
They came in through email: “We are going to have a field day with you scumbags,” one anonymous person wrote to them “If I was you I would suck the barrel of a shotgun or run to that s—hole in the dsert your fkn animals stole from the Arabs. We are going to keep track of you for the rest of your life and alert any and all ppl you come into contact with of how much of a piece of s— you are.”
Others emailed their colleagues at the real estate agency where they worked, to try to get them fired. Many worked together to destroy their Google results. One created a profile for Gersh on a site called “shesahomewrecker.com,” with a false accusation against them They sent threatening messages to their husband: “Put your uppity slut wife Tanya back in their cage, you rat-faced k–e. Tell your scamming son to kill himself, too. Day of the rope soon for your entire family.”
Somebody photoshopped an image of their 12-year-old son, to make it appear is if they were being “crushed by Nazi trucks,” and sent the image to him.
“Overnight, my life was stolen from me,” said Gersh, a Jewish resident of Whitefish, Mont., in an interview with The Washington Post. Now they are suing Andrew Anglin, the man who they say is responsible for the “coordinated, repulsive, threatening campaign of anti-Semitic harassment” that targeted their family. Anglin runs the Daily Stormer, a well-known neo-Nazi website.
The complaint, filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana, details many of the more than 700 harassing messages the Gersh family received since mid-December. That's when the Daily Stormer, published the first of about two dozen articles under Anglin's byline mentioning Gersh, encouraging the site's readers to participate in a “troll storm” against them The Washington Post was provided a draft of the complaint in advance.
The harassment aimed at Gersh has to do with a dispute between residents of Whitefish and Richard Spencer, a prominent white nationalist who once considered themselves a part-time resident of the town. The Daily Stormer posts cited in the complaint attempt to justify the “troll storm” by accusing Gersh of “trying to extort” Spencer's mother Sherry. Sherry Spencer owned property in Whitefish, including one mixed-use building that was listed as the principal address for Spencer's white nationalist National Policy Institute. While Sherry Spencer's family was under pressure to condemn their son's beliefs in the wake of their increased national profile, Gersh told us the accusation of an attempt at extortion was false, an incorrect interpretation of their contact with each other.
The complaint accuses Anglin of invasion of privacy, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and violating Montana's anti-intimidation act. The Southern Poverty Law Center is providing legal representation for Gersh, along with local counsel John Morrison. The suit is seeking compensatory and punitive damages.
Richard Cohen, the president of the SPLC and one of Gersh's attorneys, said in an interview with Gersh on Monday that the case was an adaptation of the organization's legal strategy to “hold hate leaders responsible for the actions of their followers.” This time, however, the case is mostly about digital harassment.
“I think it's an incredibly important lawsuit,” said Danielle Citron, a law professor at the University of Maryland who specializes in online privacy. Digital harassment is a relatively untested area for lawsuits like this, and would-be plaintiffs often face two challenges: It's expensive to bring a case, and online harassment isn't always taken as seriously as physical harassment by individual judges or jury members, “especially of a certain generation,” Citron said.
Victims of cyberharassment have long questioned the ability of the legal system to handle cases like theirs. Zoe Quinn, the target of threats and harassment after an ex-boyfriend's accusations about their personal life sparked the gamergate movement, said in a 2016 interview that they often found themselves explaining basic terms like “Twitter” and “doxing” and “online mobs” in their attempt to pursue their legal options against them harassers.
What makes Citron optimistic about Gersh's case, they said, was the “sheer volume” of harassment detailed in the complaint itself. “I think it's that volume that's going to be persuasive,” they said. Citron, who reviewed the complaint in advance, said they were consulted by the SPLC in the early stages of the organization's involvement.
Anglin did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday. In previous posts on the Daily Stormer under their byline, they have said that they were “not calling for threats or harassment or anything else.” In another post, Anglin wrote: “I did not ever threaten anyone with anything — if I did, I would be in jail or at least facing criminal prosecution. They just lie, because they are filthy lying Jews.”
Gersh's harassment stemmed from a series of accusations that spread through the neo-Nazi parts of the Internet in the months following Richard Spencer's rise in national notoriety. Richard Spencer, credited with coining the term “alt-right” as a more palatable label for white supremacist beliefs, gave a viral speech at a Washington D.C. event hosted by their organization in November. In videos, Richard Spencer shouts “Hail Trump” to Nazi salutes. The ensuing attention on Richard Spencer rekindled local tension about their Whitefish ties.
The story played out nationally as a town struggling to contend with the presence of Richard Spencer, who advocates for the creation of a whites-only “ethno-state.” But on sites like the Daily Stormer, and in Richard Spencer's own statements about Whitefish, the discussion focused almost entirely on individual members of the town's small Jewish population. First among them was Gersh, a real estate agent who had spoken with Sherry Spencer about selling their property and donating a portion of the sales to local anti-racist groups.
No one disputes that a phone conversation occurred, but that's where the similarities end. Gersh said they were merely trying to help the Spencers, who don't share their son's extreme beliefs, when they suggested a plan to sell the property that had since become a possible target of protesters. About a month after they first spoke and two weeks after Gersh said the two last spoke, Sherry Spencer published a Medium post accusing Gersh and Love Lives Here, a local anti-racism nonprofit, of sending “terrible threats” to them to force them to sell the property.
In the Medium post, Spencer's mother claims that Gersh laid out “conditions” in order for them to avoid protests at their business, and accused Gersh of threatening one of their tenants “with boycotts unless they moved.” As proof of their accusation that they were threatened, Sherry Spencer published emails from Gersh, without their own responses to them. Gersh implores Sherry Spencer to stay in touch with questions about “what is going on in the community,” and to consider the sale of their building.
That same day, the Daily Stormer published the first of many posts about Gersh under Anglin's byline. They wrote:
“There are only 6,000 Jews in the entire state of Montana, yet they're 100% of the people trying to silence Richard Spencer by harassing their mother. So Then — Let's Hit Em Up. Are y'all ready for an old fashioned Troll Storm?”
The post then lists the contact information for Gersh and a few other members of Whitefish's Jewish community. The contact information includes an address for Gersh. “Please call them and tell them what you think,” Anglin writes. “And hey — if you're in the area, maybe you should stop by and tell them in person what you think of them actions.”
Anglin also includes a disclaimer, asking their readers not to do anything illegal. Gersh and their attorneys say the bulk of the ensuing communication was harassing and threatening — including toward their 12-year-old son, whose social media handles were listed in Anglin's post as a target. Anglin calls them a “scamming little k–e” and a “creepy little f—–t.”
“It's common for people in Anglin's position to protect themselves with disclaimers,” Cohen said. But, they added, they believed Gersh's case is evidence that Anglin's “troll storms” are explicitly designed to have the effect of “making people afraid.”
“Hating people is one thing,” Gersh added. “This is a form of terrorism.”
Anglin's byline appears repeatedly on posts about Gersh and Whitefish after that first call for a “troll storm.” In one article, they promised that “we will keep putting pressure on these Jews, Tanya Gersh in particular, until they stop harassing the Spencers and issue an apology for this brutal Jewish racketeering.”
The Daily Stormer applied for a permit for a planned January march that originally was supposed to end at Gersh's home, they wrote in another post. They called the event the “James Earl Ray Day Extravaganza” in paperwork posted to the blog, after the man who assassinated Martin Luther King Jr. In another post, Anglin said they hoped many of the march's attendees would be armed. Advertising materials for the march included an image that placed photographs of Gersh and their son inside a concentration camp.
“And they will rue the day, as they see two hundred skinhead Alt-Right Nazis marching with a guy from Hamas carrying machine guns through the center of their town!” Anglin wrote in early January. Whitefish rejected the Daily Stormer's permit for a march, and the Daily Stormer eventually announced that they had “postponed” the event.
The planned march was condemned by elected officials from Montana in both political parties. When The Washington Post reached out to Richard Spencer for comment on the controversy earlier this year, they sent a statement that spoke at length about Gersh. “No laws are being broken; no one is being physically attacked,” Spencer said at the time. “Anglin & co. are expressing *opinions*, passionately and bluntly. And who can blame them? For the actions of Tanya Gersh are nothing less than outrageous.”
Gersh, however, dismisses assertions from Richard Spencer and others that the campaign against them resulted in just words. “My ability to do my job is gone,” said Gersh, who says they cannot work as a real estate agent when the threats against them put the properties of their potential clients at risk. “My sense of safety has been compromised terribly.”
The complaint says Gersh has experienced “severe emotional and physical distress” from the harassment, including panic attacks, weight gain, joint pain, and hair loss. The complaint reads: “she feels like an entirely different person than they did before the troll storm, as though they have been permanently altered.”
The Alaska U.S. Senate race has seen a “significant shift” in favor of Republican nominee Dan Sullivan, according to new polling data from The New York Times.
Democratic first-year student incumbent Mark Begich had been leading Sullivan, the state's former attorney general and a former Bush administration official.
But a disastrous ad campaign by Begich recently upended the race, and now, based on updated data from an online panel The Times monitors in conjunction with CBS News and YouGov, Sullivan has seen an 18-point swing in their favor. (RELATED: Attorney Slams Begich For Refusing To Take Down ‘Offensive' Ad)
“The only significant shift came in Alaska, where the result flipped from Mark Begich, the Democrat, who used to lead by 12 points, to the Republican Dan Sullivan, who now leads by six,” The Times reported Sunday.
While the paper cautions against placing too much emphasis on its model due to Alaska's small population size, it found evidence that a swing toward Sullivan mirrors actual voter sentiment.
“The swing toward Mr. Sullivan can't be dismissed,” The Times states.
“Thanks to the panel data, it's possible to see that much of the swing was indeed from panelists changing their answers: Six percent of repeated respondents shifted from “other” to Mr. Sullivan, along with 2 percent shifting from Mr. Begich to Mr. Sullivan.”
The Times identified two likely explanations for the move from Begich to Sullivan. Sullivan's Aug. 5 primary triumph and a decision by tea party favorite Joe Miller to stay out of the race was beneficial. (RELATED: Democratic Sen. Mark Begich's Ad Claim Rated ‘Pants On Fire')
Begich's attack ad failure was another. The incumbent attempted to slam Sullivan for the early prison release of a man who ended up murdering an Anchorage couple and sexually assaulting their two-year-old granddaughter.
But the evidence that Sullivan was responsible for man's early release was not backed up by the facts. Making matters worse for Begich, the family of the victims, through their attorney, slammed their campaign for using their tragedy for political gain.
The Sullivan campaign jumped on the data panel's findings.
“Even the New York Times agrees, not only are Mark Begich's false attacks not working, they're now moving Alaskans to support Dan Sullivan,” Sullivan for Senate spokesperson Mike Anderson told The Daily Caller in a statement. “Survey after survey has shown this will be a close race because Mark Begich is in capable of defending their record of voting with Barack Obama 97% of the time and getting nothing done for Alaska.”
According to The Times, Republicans now have a 61 percent chance of taking control of the Senate, up from a 58 percent likelihood.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
New York earns three points in matchup debut
The New York Cosmos came away with a 1-0 win against the San Francisco Deltas at Kezar Stadium in the first game ever between the two teams, giving the Deltas their first loss of the season.
In the early stages of the match, both teams seemed to have trouble finding their footing. Tension escalated and tempers flared after multiple fouls from the hosts and the visitors. However, Referee, Timothy Ford, did well to keep things from getting out of hand.
The Cosmos threatened inside the box in the 20th minute when defender, Darrius Barnes' header off a headed pass from defender, Dejan Jaković, was blocked. Their best chance of the half came through midfielder, Emmanuel Ledesma, who made their Cosmos debut. Their cross into the box forced Peiser to punch clear. The follow-up from midfielder, Javi Márquez, was also blocked by the Deltas keeper. Neither team made use of their set pieces, remaining scoreless at the break.
The Cosmos started strong in the second half, with Márquez sending a low shot rolling dangerously close by the near post, followed by a promising long range effort. The home team, however, soon regained the initiative. San Francisco produced their best play in the 63rd minute through forward, Tommy Heinemann. Then defender, Reiner Ferreira, was denied by Maurer from long range. Finally, Heinemann bent a right-footed shot dangerously near the far post.
New York opened the score in the 69th minute against the run of play through Ledesma, who curled a slow, left-footed shot over an unsuspecting Peiser from the top of the box. The midfielder's first goal for the Cosmos turned out to be the game winner.
The Deltas gave Maurer some work to do, but couldn't find the equalizer. Efforts from midfielder, Kyle Bekker, and midfielder, Cristian Portilla, couldn't shake the Cosmos keeper.
New York nearly doubled their lead in the 81st minute through Márquez, who forced Peiser into a save with a superb volley from the top of the box. San Francisco tried some late counters, but luck was not on their side. A last minute effort from winger, Pablo Dyego, rolled wide of the post.
Although the Cosmos remain undefeated on the road, Head Coach, Giovanni Savarese, acknowledges that there is still a lot of work to be done.
“It was a very difficult match,” said Savarese. “We can still do better. We're on the right track. What prevailed today was the [team's] unity.”
“Ledesma showed a lot of quality and composure. They saw the open space behind the keeper and scored,” they added.
The result puts the Cosmos with eight points along side Miami FC and North Carolina FC in the 2017 NASL Spring Season standings.
Manchester United: Agree new Chinese sponsorship deals
Chinese soft drinks manufacturer Wahaha and one of the country's most prominent banking groups, China Construction Bank, have signed three-year tie-ups with the club.
Both deals are 'territory specific' and are designed to take advantage of United's huge popularity in China.
"Manchester United has a long association with China, visiting 11 times to play friendly matches," said United commercial director Richard Arnold. "The first time was in 1975 and the most recent visit in August last year.
"Sir Alex and their team were overwhelmed with the welcome they received from fans who packed the stadium in Shanghai."
The two new deals add to the seven-year shirt sponsorship deal that United have signed with US car manufacturer Chevrolet that starts in 2014 and is worth £357m.
Last year, the club posted record commercial income of £117.6m.
Currently, the Denver Nuggets sit at the number seven spot in the NBA's “tankathon” — one game behind the Sacramento Kings. Let's say there is no lottery drawing and the Nuggets are picking in the smack-dab middle of the lottery, at either the sixth or seventh position. Here are five potential targets Denver is sure to have on their minds when they are on the clock, come June 25th:
***These prospects were selected with the mindset that the Nuggets are picking on a “best player available” basis.
1) Justice Winslow – 6'6″ – 229 lbs, 19 years old – SF/SG – Duke
NBA Comparison: Kawhi Leonard/Jimmy Butler
Currently it's 8:00 p.m. on a Monday night, just a day after Justice Winslow dropped a quiet 16 and five on Gonzaga, to help Duke advance to yet another Final Four. It wasn't their best game by any means, but after Duke walked away with a 66-52 win over Gonzaga, many watching were left with the impressions that Winslow was the best player on the floor. Before last night, Winslow was on the outside looking in (out of the top five potential picks), but if they have another game or two in the Final Four, and then the National Championship Game (similar to the one they have tonight), they could definitely be that guy who sky rockets in the lottery as a result of the NCAA Tournament. Defensively, Winslow is a monster. Someone who, if they want to, is going to harass you from baseline to baseline. He's got the aggressiveness of a young Kawhi Leonard, but their offensive game is head and shoulders above where Leonard's was in college, at San Diego State University. He's dominated with 23 and 10 against a high-quality opponent in the Sweet Sixteen, and prior to that, they dropped 23 and nine against Syracuse, and 20-13 vs Clemson. Their shot from the perimeter still needs work, but their mechanics and release are consistent, meaning they have the potential to develop a lethal stroke. They project as a two-way player, whose blessed with incredible physical tools and a motor that doesn't stop.
2) Devin Booker – 6'6″ – 205 lbs, 18 years old – SG – Kentucky
NBA Comparison: Klay Thompson
Most draft projections still have the sharpshooting Booker sitting outside the lottery, which is surprising and sure to change, the closer we get to draft time. The 18 year-old Booker has been an absolute joy to watch for Kentucky this year. He's an extremely smart, heady, and intelligent player, who is silky smooth in the half-court and knows how to run their lane in transition. Just like Thompson, they don't jump off the screen as an elite athlete, but he's got picture-perfect form on their shot, and is in many scout's opinions, Kentucky's best perimeter player — and the best shooter by far in this draft. Not to mention, he's just 18 and is among the youngest prospects in this class. He's shooting 41-percent from three-point range on the year and is also more than capable of finishing at the rim. When Booker's on the perimeter awaiting a pass or curling off a screen, he's always got their hands ready and waiting to receive the ball — a skill that not many 18 year olds and college players have. What I love about Booker is that he's got that natural feel for the game you simply can't teach.
3) Willie Cauley-Stein – 7'0″ – 240 lbs, 21 years old – C – Kentucky
NBA Comparison: Tyson Chandler
Cauley-Stein is a true defensive center, who has tremendous quickness, athletic and shot-blocking ability. He's already 21 years-old, so their ceiling might be a tad lower than other lottery prospects, but they should be able to make a huge impact from day one. They can guard four (if not five) different positions, as we saw in Kentucky's Elite Eight game against Notre Dame, when they defended Jerian Harvey from coast-to-coast on the potential game-winning shot. Cauley-Stein has had questions regarding their motor and desire to play hard in years past, but their play this season as (arguably) Kentucky's most important player have put those to rest. They project as a five-man who's going to get all their buckets on dunks and layups around the rim. He's excellent at rolling to the basket where they get a lot of their buckets off of alley-oops, and he's a great second jumper with incredible instincts for the ball, which allows them to rebound over their man.
4) Kevon Looney – 6'10” – 210 lbs, 19 years old – PF/SF – UCLA
NBA Comparison: Lamar Odom
Looney is a polarizing prospect, as some scouts see a point forward who has a tremendous feel for the game, is an excellent rebounder, and a plus athlete, while others view them as a tweener who has a questionable motor, a broken shot and will struggle with the physicality of the NBA. I fall in line with the former and absolutely agree that Looney is worthy of a lottery pick and they can be quality starter in this league. They have special rebounding instincts and a nose for the ball, as they nearly averaged a double-double and led the NCAA in that category for freshmen. They have more to their skill-set than they showed at UCLA, and with the recent success UCLA prospects have had in the NBA, Looney looks to be the next in line. Although they struggled to shoot from the perimeter this season, they have good form, release, and rotation on their shot, which bodes well for their projection.
,
5) Stanley Johnson – 6'7″ – 237 lbs, 18 years old, SF- Arizona
NBA Comparison: Metta World Peace
Like Winslow, Johnson is an athletic small forward who's defense is their calling card. He's already got an NBA body and plays a physical style that will help them be productive in the league from day one. Johnson needs to work on their shot, but their mechanics look to be consistent, so the potential to improve is there. He's a guy who loves to play defense, which is something NBA executives will be gushing overcome draft time, although some think they left a little to be desired on that end of the floor this season. Johnson played on a stacked Arizona team this season with a lot of veteran players, but often in crunch time situations, the ball was in their hands, which shows the trust Sean Miller had that they would make the right play in big situations. Johnson has struggled a bit to finish at the rim durng their first-year student year, something that has scouts a bit worried, but their defensive potential and tenacious demeanor make up for it. They project as a lottery to mid-first-round pick.
NEW DELHI: The Intelligence Bureau (IB) has alerted the government about importers of pulses resorting to cartels to make a killing this year on red lentils (masoor). The report has named companies that are buying masoor in large quantities and cornering stocks in Canada, which is the largest exporter of red lentils to India.According to rough estimates, last year dal importers had reportedly made around Rs 3,500 crore by creating acute shortages and jacking up prices of arhar. The consumer affairs ministry has already approached the Delhi police to investigate the role of traders in the dramatic rise in arhar prices.In fact, most of the 1.3 lakh tonnes of pulses seized in recent months were shipped around April-May, when prices were close to Rs 100 a kg, and were kept in warehouses,mostly in Maharashtra. Sources said the IB referred its report to the Centre earlier this month on the cartels' plan to raise prices of masoor. It has mentioned that the most important cartel in this sector is allegedly led by an Indian commodity trading firm along with other Indian and international players in the field.The report says the plan includes amassing stocks in Canada by offering prices higher than those prevailing there and delaying the lifting of stocks from the Mumbai port, thereby causing an upward trend in satta (futures).The IB has said the Indian firm with the most important cartel is allegedly buying masoor at Rs 1,200-Rs 1,500 a quintal more than the prevailing prices in Canada. The IB agency has also reported that a leading global supplier of African agricultural products, has allegedly parked thousands of tonnes of masoor and yellow peas in Dubai.“While steps must be taken to ensure that traders don't exploit the situation, we must also realise how the traders are a hundred steps ahead of us. They have better assessment of the likely harvest and map the potential country where the produce is available. They buy most of the produce by the time we start planning,” said an official, adding that the cartels are in operation since there are only a few players in import of pulses.
by shiftyjelly
Less than a month since our HUGE 6.0 update to Pocket Casts, we're proud to bring you our first feature update. The headline addition is quite impressive:
That's right, Pocket Casts now supports CarPlay. If you have a compatible stereo you can now browse through your podcasts, filters and downloaded episodes without ever having to touch your phone. You can also access all the playback controls too, skip those pesky boring bits or pause the podcast so the teenager at the drive through window won't judge your taste in podcasts. If you don't have a compatible stereo, well you know what you need to do.
There are also iPad enhancements like being able to sort your podcast collection as well as show unread badges in the corner if you're into that sort of thing. We have of course squashed a lot of small niggling bugs as well, and we thank you for reporting those to us.
You'd think after this it would be time to take the rest of the year off and plan our vacations, but we're straight on to working on Pocket Casts 6.2, in which we'll be focussing on iOS 10 and all the great new features it will bring to your phone and more importantly the apps that run on it. So head on over to the app store, grab the update and take it for a spin…sorry, I had to get one pun in there.
A bantamweight matchup between Iuri Alcantara (31-5 MMA, 6-2 UFC) and Frankie Saenz (9-2 MMA, 1-0 UFC) is the latest addition to February's “UFC Fight Night 61: Evans vs. Teixeira” event.
UFC officials recently announced the new matchup, which takes place on Feb. 22 at Gigantinho Gymnasium in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. An exact bout order for the event has yet to be revealed, but the evening's main card is expected to air on FOX Sports 1.
Alcantara boasts nine appearances in the UFC, though one ended via no contest. He's fought largely in their native country, with seven of those fights taking place in Brazil. Most recently, he's earned consecutive wins over Russell Doane, Vaughan Lee and Wilson Reis and sits at No. 13 in the latest USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA bantamweight rankings.
Meanwhile, Saenz made their UFC debut in August, earning a decision win over Nolan Ticman. The Arizona-based fighter now boasts a five-fight winning streak overall.
With the addition to the card, UFC Fight Night 61 now includes:
Rashad Evans vs. Glover Teixeira
Edson Barboza vs. Michael Johnson
Ivan Jorge vs. Josh Shockley
Santiago Ponzinibbio vs. Sean Strickland
Wendell Oliveira vs. T.J. Waldburger
Rustam Khabilov vs. Adriano Martins
Sam Alvey vs. Cezar Ferreira
Iuri Alcantara vs. Frankie Saenz
Matt Dwyer vs. William Macario
For more on UFC Fight Night 61, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Bitcoin Rush Samourai
Upload date:
February 2 2017
Uploaded by:
BitcoinRush
Video description:
Here is why you will be CRAZY about CRYPTO !!! #SamouraiWallet, a #bitcoin wallet for the streets, has launched a new service called PaymentCode.Io PaymentCode.Io is a public directory of Reusable #Payment #Codes. If you want to know the current size of the Blockchain, and only that, follow the link to stay informed all the time. The data is pulled from Blockchain.info. The percentage of blocks that are signaling support for Bitcoin Unlimited has surpassed #SegregatedWitness, making it the most popular scaling solution. #BitcoinUnlimited 1.0.0 is out now! A one-minute Bitcoin ad, played during last Sunday's #SuperBowl just before halftime, reached over 100 million households to watch Bitcoins approval to the most-used and accepted investment options in America and around the world. I'll play 10 seconds of the ad produced by #Wealthsimple, a New York City investment firm. Special guest tonight: Tone Vays - Researcher/Trader Julia Tourianski - BraveTheWorld.Com Mr. Christopher DiSanto - CryptoUnited Crypto United w/ Mr. Christoper DiSanto: SUPPORT : 1Lubw6rS1HDymw2Nf4HtWZWZQPSwGZkJHP https://twitter.com/@WhyWeTrance Samourai Wallet: https://paymentcode.io http://samouraiwallet.com Blockchain Size: https://blockchainsize.github.io Bitcoin Unlimited: https://github.com/sickpig/BitcoinUnlimited/blob/71f37ab3abb40d4744a3e54537f2df6f01a187f2/doc/release-notes/release-notes-1.0.0.md http://nodecounter.com/graphs.php Tone Vays - Researcher/Trader Blog: http://www.libertylifetrail.com/ YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/tonevayslibertylifetrail Twitter: https://twitter.com/ToneVays Julia Tourianski Blog: http://bravetheworld.com/ YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/BraveTheWorldChannel Twitter: https://twitter.com/BraveTheWorld
Total views:
26,476
A MAN dressed as Batman staged a protest in central Southampton.
Nicki Hughes, a member of the New Fathers 4 Justice group, put up a number of banners on a footbridge over Portland Terrace this afternoon.
They were dressed in the superhero's trademark black mask and a black and grey outfit and wielding a megaphone with a high pitched alarm which they are activating intermittently rather than shouting into it.
Drivers passing below the bridge linking the old town walls were occasionally honking their horns, while passersby pointed and took photographs of them as they stood motionless at the railing.
Mr Hughes, 29, is protesting on behalf of the group and another organisation, Stop the War on Dads, and has attached two cardboard banners bearing the name of each group.
The father, from Bristol, has chosen Southampton to stage their protest as they have friends based here.
They said they arrived yesterday and intended to camp out on the Walls – arming themselves with a supply of food and water while their friends bring them hot drinks.
They told the Daily Echo they are refusing to leave until social services take notice they said: “I am going to stay here as long as it takes and I am not leaving here whether it's a year or ten years."
New Fathers 4 Justice is described as a "UK based direct action fathers rights group campaigning for the rights of fathers to see their children".
Members of the group have held several previous protests in Hampshire, including ones at the Civic Centre in Southampton and in Winchester city centre.
A spokesperson for Hampshire Constabulary said: “We are aware of the protestor dressed as Batman in Southampton. We were alerted at 9.14am this morning.
"We have since spoken to the man who was on the Castle Way footbridge near WestQuay and we are satisfied they are only there to demonstrate.”
Editor's note: Fathers For Justice Ltd of Stamford, Lincolnshire, have asked us to point out that there is no connection between them and the organisation “New Fathers 4 Justice” mentioned in this report.
One seemingly minor change that Google has introduced in the new version of Android, Ice Cream Sandwich, could actually have just as large an impact on the company as the various UI tweaks: anyone who enters their Google account credentials into the phone (which means, just about everyone) will be prompted to sign up for Google+. And they'll also be prompted to enter their credit card information for purchases in Android Market.
This is a really big deal. Android is now activating over 550,000 devices per day, and that growth has been increasing steadily. This is going to result in a lot of new Google+ users, or at least people who are signing up for Google+ accounts. And as Google continues to infuse Google+ features into Android, they'll likely become more and more active on it.
The credit card ask is also significant. Android Market has obviously been accepting credit card information for Google Checkout for years now. But I suspect people will be more inclined to enter that information during the initial setup process of their Google accounts, as opposed to the first time when they go to buy a paid app (when they might just shrug their shoulders and find a free alternative). And once Google has your credit card information, it'll make it that much easier to get users on other premium services, like the Chrome Web Store and Google Wallet.
MB Media/Getty Images
Grzegorz Krychowiak has left Paris Saint-Germain on a season-long loan to join West Bromwich Albion.
The Baggies announced via their official website that Krychowiak has joined the club on a temporary basis, and the player confirmed the move via their own Twitter account:
Krychowiak has signed a season-long loan deal with West Brom and will look to give manager Tony Pulis some added steel in midfield.
The 27-year-old established themselves as one of the most fearsome destroyers in European football during their two years with Sevilla, and they won back-to-back UEFA Europa League titles with the Spanish side in 2015 and 2016.
However, tasked with a more technical role in the French capital, Krychowiak struggled to make an impact with PSG, starting just 11 matches in all competitions last season.
Indeed, the midfielder's best work undoubtedly lies in regaining possession for their side rather than their technique or distribution of the ball.
Krychowiak's reading of the game is exceptional, and they shine when breaking up play, intercepting passes and winning physical duels in midfield—few can match them at their best.
While they may not have been well-suited to the demands placed on them at the Parc des Princes, if utilised correctly, they can be a magnificent acquisition for West Brom and make them far more robust in the centre.
Two officers in Florida have been placed on leave and a family is demanding answers after a suicidal man was shot and killed by police over the weekend.
The mother of 43-year-old Arthur Dixon Jr. called St. Petersburg police on Sunday evening because they doused themselves with gasoline and threatened to take their own life.
Neighbor Ray Wuest told The Tampa Bay Times that they went into Dixon's home and found the man soaked with gas and smoking a cigarette. Wuest said that they mopped up the gas and took the cigarette, but police told them to leave after they arrived.
St. Petersburg police spokesperson Mike Puetz said that Dixon had been “belligerent and threatening” when officers tried to negotiate with him.
At around 7:30 p.m., the suicidal man allegedly ran at Officers Devin Jones and Curtis Wright with scissors while they were stationed at the back of the house. Both officers opened fire, hitting Dixon in the torso multiple times. They were transported to Bayfront Medical Center and pronounced dead at around 10 p.m.
Dixon's mother, Lydia Andrews, told Bay News 9 that officers did not have to shoot them son.
“The police assured me that they weren't going to hurt him, that they were concerned for their safety,” they explained. “He has no weapons, he's never hurt anyone ever. So, they forced them out the back of the house and they shot them three times.”
“I want to know why they shot him, they had no weapons and he's drunk,” they continued. “He has a traumatic brain injury, he's blind in one eye, can't see well out of the other. Why did they shoot him?”
But the St. Petersburg police spokesperson insisted that officers had been threatened by the scissors.
“Scissors are a deadly weapon,” Puetz said in a statement. “They can cause great harm. They can be just as dangerous as a knife.”
Wuest said that Dixon had been a landscaper who became disabled after suffering a traumatic brain injury.
“If they had left us alone with him, we could have gotten them out of the house,” Wuest lamented.
Officers Jones and Wright have been placed on administrative leave pending a routine investigation.
Watch this video from WTSP, broadcast March 11, 2013.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (R-Alaska) is signaling they can support the repeal of ObamaCare's mandate in the Senate tax bill if Congress also passes a bill to stabilize individual health insurance markets.
“I think that there is a path and I think the path is a reasonable path,” Murkowski told Roll Call, highlighting how they could vote for the legislation.
“If the Congress is going to move forward with repeal of the individual mandate, we absolutely must have the Alexander-Murray piece that is passed into law,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Murkowksi was referring to legislation crafted by Sens. Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE (R-Tenn.) and Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.) that would provide two years of funding for key payments to insurers known as cost-sharing reduction subsidies. Their bill would also increase state flexibility and let anyone, regardless of age, buy catastrophic health coverage.
However, on Friday after the Roll Call story published, Murkowski issued a new statement appearing to clarify their earlier remarks.
“I have consistently said that passing Alexander/Murray is important to stabilizing the individual market and it may be particularly so if the individual mandate is repealed as included in the draft reported by the Senate Finance Committee last night,” Murkowski said in the statement Friday. “However, one should not assume this is a precondition for my support for the tax bill.”
They said they are still considering the tax bill.
“Like many of my colleagues, I am reviewing the good work of the Finance Committee over the Thanksgiving Holiday,” they said. “I plan to look at the entire package before coming to any conclusion on the legislation.”
Murkowski is one of three GOP senators to vote against a scaled-down version of an ObamaCare repeal bill in late July.
Republicans can only lose two votes in the tax fight and get their bill through the Senate, assuming all Democrats and independents vote against it. Vice President Pence could then break a tie vote.
But Murkowski in the comments to Roll Call suggested their vote was attainable — as long as the Alexander-Murray bill can move forward.
“There is a path forward. It just means that some who have said some nasty things about [cost-sharing reductions] are maybe just going to have to acknowledge that, well, this might be the way that you thread this needle,” Murkowski said.
They added that they are worried if premiums rise because of the elimination of the mandate, it could wipe out the benefits of tax cuts for many.
“If that tax cut is offset by higher premiums, you haven't delivered benefit,” they said.
People who don't buy insurance are currently hit with a penalty for not doing so. This mandate was originally included in ObamaCare as a way to drive healthy and younger people into the markets to help cover the costs of people who are older and sicker.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimated that repeal of the mandate would lead to 13 million more uninsured Americans by 2027 and that average premiums would increase about 10 percent in most years over the next decade.
Some conservatives have derided the payments as bailouts for insurance companies. The Trump administration had been making the payments — which compensate insurers for lowering the out-of-pocket costs for some ObamaCare enrollees — on a monthly basis, but stopped in October. Insurers have been pleading for certainty that the subsidy will continue.
Murkowski has long been seen as an attainable vote on tax reform, which has been linked to drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a top priority for the Alaskan. The panel they chair, the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, was instructed in the budget resolution to find $1 billion in revenue to help pay for tax reform. CBO says drilling in refuge would bring in $1 billion, so it could be added into the GOP's tax overhaul to meet that metric.
The House passed its tax reform bill on a 227-205 vote Thursday. It does not include the insurance mandate's repeal.
Throughout the week, Democrats slammed Republicans for adding the repeal of the individual mandate into its tax overhaul — and that could cause the Alexander-Murray deal to lose Democratic support.
“Republicans who think they'll be able to jam through a partisan bill that spikes health care premiums and then make it all better by pointing to our bipartisan bill to reduce health costs are either fooling themselves or trying to fool their constituents,” Murray said in a statement Thursday.
“Democrats will hold Republicans accountable for the damage they're doing every step of the way, and so will people across the country who have clearly had enough of Republicans playing expensive games with their health care — this time, in order to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy and special interests,” they said.
This post was updated at 6:03 p.m.
When we last saw the Tampa Bay Lightning's alternate uniforms, the blue-and-black ensemble that featured a blue, piped sweater with "BOLTS" scrawled across the front, its future was still to be determined. The Lightning organization hadn't made a decision on what would happen to the uniform or if it would be employed again.
A decision has been made though: The 3rd jersey lives on. Team Executive Vice President of Communications Bill Wickett said in an email on Monday that the team would indeed employ the uniform system again for 2012-13. Wickett expected the jersey to be used for "12-15 home games" this season. There will be one minor tweak to the uniform though; a more current shoulder patch will be employed. Last season's jersey continued to feature the Lightning's old (2007-2011) primary logo on its shoulders. It was a time issue that prevented making the change for last season.
The alternate jersey design debuted during the 2008-09 season, with the Lightning wearing it primarily at home during Saturday games.
For Facebook, which has said it has voluntarily made its privacy settings simpler in the last 18 months, the settlement is occurring as it tries to smooth the path toward an initial public offering.
“This is part of the balancing act Facebook has to do,” said Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy. “It also needs to settle the privacy complaints in the United States and Europe before its I.P.O.”
But Mr. Chester expressed doubts that the settlement would appease critics of Facebook's data-collection practices.
“The real test of the F.T.C.'s Facebook deal will be whether a user actually has control over their own information, or will this be a tiny digital bump on the road that does nothing to derail Mark Zuckerberg's voracious appetite to swallow up our data,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Users, privacy specialists and politicians have attacked Facebook for automatically signing people up for new features on the site, instead of asking them first.
For a year and a half, the F.T.C. has pushed Facebook to offer granular privacy controls so people can choose to share or make private specific information they post on the site, according to a person involved in the talks.
Facebook has since added tools, like one for sharing with small groups of Facebook friends.
The settlement addresses several complaints that the F.T.C. has received from organizations like the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
It focuses on privacy changes that Facebook made in December 2009. Although the company said at the time that the changes would simplify settings users found confusing, they exposed information that could previously be made private, including profile photos, gender, friend lists and current city. Facebook also removed the ability to opt out of some features.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After a public outcry, Facebook in May 2010 limited the amount of information users were required to make public, and restored the ability to opt out of certain tools.
The settlement also addresses other Facebook features that the F.T.C. said were deceptive, including a program for giving applications from outside programmers the Facebook seal of approval that ended in December 2009, one of the people said.
Several people briefed on the settlement, which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal, said it was unclear how long it would take to complete the deal.
CLOSE USA TODAY's Adam Shell talks about the world financial market's reaction to the Brexit vote. USA TODAY
An arrangement of newspapers pictured in London on June 25, the day after Briton voted to leave the European Union. (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
Financial markets on Tuesday flashed their first signs of stabilization as the Dow shot up more than 200 points after the worst-ever two-day paper loss for the world's stock markets in the wake of the United Kingdom's vote to exit the European Union.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 269 points, or 1.6%. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 stock index was up 1.8% and the Nasdaq composite surged 2.1%. The bullishness in the U.S. stock market followed a rebound in European stock markets Tuesday after big losses Friday and Monday,
In London, the FTSE 100 index was up 2.6%, erasing more than half of its two-day losses. The broad Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 2.6%, but that does little to soothe the pain of a drop of more than 11% Friday and Monday.
And in a sign of some of the fear fading, the British pound was up 0.8%, although it is still hovering near a 31-year low. The U.S. dollar was down 0.3%, which will boost U.S. multinationals, and the price of oil.
Crude prices were on the rise around the globe as investors reacted to the possibility of a strike by a union representing Norway's oil and gas employees. The union is threatening to walk off the job Saturday, which would limit oil production at one of Europe's major oil producers.
U.S.-produced crude was up $1.52, or 3.3%, to $47.85 per barrel, which is providing a lift to stocks in the energy sector. The S&P energy sector was up 2.5%, the best daily performance of the 10 major S&P 500 sectors. Brent crude was up $1.26 per barrel to $49.03.
Still, today's rebound is being framed by Wall Street as a "modest" relief rally after a two-day equity selloff that wiped out $3.01 trillion in stock market value -- the worst two-day paper loss in history, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
"Global markets are extremely oversold and that's helping fuel what for now is best classified as a modest relief rally," Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group, told USA TODAY via e-mail.
Whether the early stock rebound holds is another question, however, as uncertainty surrounding how the so-called "Brexit" vote, or Britain's vote to leave the E.U., is still quite high.
"Whether this can turn into something more sustainable is an open question," Hickey wrote.
It is not uncommon for battered stock markets to mount some form of relief rally after a massive downdraft, market pros say.
Still, the "market often needs time to stabilize" after sharp declines, adds Jason Trennert of Wall Street firm Strategas Research Partners.
U.S. investors were also reacting to economic news that came in better than expected. The third revision of U.S. economic growth in the first quarter of 2016 came in at 1.1%, better than the second revision of +0.8%. And consumer confidence in June rose to its highest level since October, according to The Conference Board.
The healthy U.S. data was viewed as a positive by economists, as it offsets some of the Brexit-related gloom.
The data is "showing the U.S. is in a good place to weather the latest storm from Europe," Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank, said via e-mail.
Markets are likely to be volatile for weeks until the nature of Britain's deal outside the bloc becomes clearer.
Investors will be closely watching a E.U. summit in Brussels today, where leaders will discuss the "consequences" of the U.K. referendum "leave" vote, as well as map out what's next and to reassure markets, according to Barclays.
EU Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker told a special session of parliament Tuesday that all informal exit talks with Britain are banned until the nation triggers Article 50, the specific legislation that kick starts that process. Britain has signaled that it might not trigger Article 50 for several months.
The decision to leave the EU prompted ratings agencies Standard & Poor's and Fitch on Monday to strip the U.K. of its top-shelf credit rating. Some economists are warning the country may fall back into recession and costs hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Asian markets were mixed as Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index closed down 0.1% to 15,323.14 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.3% to 20,172.46.
CLOSE Stocks recovered from a two-day selloff as the shock of the Brexit vote faded and hopes of further stimulus rose. A bounce in crude oil prices led the energy sector in a rally. Newslook
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/297xPNP
I recently conducted a survey about peoples opinions of the characters in the HBO show Game of Thrones. Game of Thrones is a fantasy drama series with a very large ensemble cast, a feature it inherited from the book series it was based off of which told the story though first person narration from 20-30 subjects. The characters are extremely important to the story and extremely important to the stories audience, so I set out to investigate the audience's relationship to the characters in more detail.
I posted a survey on the subreddit /r/gameofthrones, an internet forum where the series is discussed, asking volunteers to rate 35 Game of Thrones characters on how much they liked them on a 7 point scale where 1=Least favorite, 2=Hate, 3=Dislike, 4=Neutral, 5=Like, 6=Love and 7=Most favorite. A few more questions were also asked. The response was strong, there were 674 participants who answered every question and rated exactly one character as least favorite and exactly one character as most favorite. The data from these participants is what I will use for the rest of this article, and is available for public download at the end.
The first thing to do is just rank the characters by average rating, see the table below.
Character Rating Tyrion Lannister 5.95 Arya Stark 5.66 Jon Snow 5.58 Oberyn Martell 5.57 Bronn 5.35 Eddard Stark 5.28 Jaime Lannister 5.2 Davos Seaworth 5.11 Margaery Tyrell 4.93 Varys 4.89 Hodor 4.89 Robb Stark 4.83 Olenna Tyrell 4.82 Stannis Baratheon 4.74 Sandor Clegane 4.71 Samwell Tarly 4.69 Ygritte 4.67 Khal Drogo 4.66 Grey Worm 4.6 Jorah Mormont 4.6 Robert Baratheon 4.43 Brienne of Tarth 4.33 Sansa Stark 4.33 Petyr Baelish 4.25 Daenerys Targaryen 4.24 Tywin Lannister 4.24 Daario Naharis 4.06 Bran Stark 4.06 Melisandre 3.7 Catelyn Stark 3.66 Theon Greyjoy 3.48 Cersei Lannister 2.99 Ramsay Bolton 2.96 Shae 2.76 Joffrey Baratheon 2.03
To those familiar with the show, the ratings are about what you would expect. The evil, bratty king character is rated by far the lowest and the more protagonist characters are rated the highest.
What will be even more interesting though is the question, are there different types of fans? Ratings for all characters are not independent, there are some significant correlations. For example the largest correlation is r=0.46 between ratings of Robb Stark and Eddard Stark, people either tend to like both a lot, or feel neutrally about both.
The best was to investigate the structure of a dataset like this is a factor analysis. Factor analysis is a statistical procedure that tries to reduce data with lots of variables down to more fundamental underlying variables that predict the observed variables. When I run this analysis on the data here there appears to evidence for the existence of only one important underlying variable. This does not mean that everything can be reduced down to this one variable, this variable in fact only predicts about 15% of the variation in ratings. There is lots of variation not reducible to any underlying variables. But this one factor does seem to have important consequences for how people rate characters.
After the number of underlying variables is discovered, the next task is figuring out how the underling variables should be characterized. This is done by looking at the factor loadings. When factor analysis extracts underlying factors from a dataset it produces estimates of how each observed variable relates to the underlying factors. If a variable loads highly on a factor than the variable correlates highly with the factor, if it is lower than the observation does not have much to do with that underling factors. In the table below the loadings of each character rating on the one factor identified as being important are given.
Character Factor Loading Daenerys Targaryen -0.79 Joffrey Baratheon 0.67 Ramsay Bolton 0.61 Tywin Lannister 0.6 Cersei Lannister 0.59 Petyr Baelish 0.56 Bran Stark -0.5 Catelyn Stark -0.44 Jon Snow -0.42 Hodor -0.37 Theon Greyjoy 0.35 Robb Stark -0.35 Grey Worm -0.34 Stannis Baratheon 0.33 Ygritte -0.33 Eddard Stark -0.33 Daario Naharis -0.33 Arya Stark -0.28 Samwell Tarly -0.27 Brienne of Tarth -0.27 Sandor Clegane 0.24 Jaime Lannister 0.23 Melisandre 0.23 Khal Drogo -0.23 Tyrion Lannister -0.19 Shae -0.16 Jorah Mormont -0.09 Sansa Stark 0.08 Varys 0.08 Margaery Tyrell -0.07 Davos Seaworth 0.07 Bronn -0.06 Oberyn Martell -0.05 Robert Baratheon 0.03 Olenna Tyrell 0.03
The factor could be described as relative preference for evil characters. The measures the load most negatively on the factor are all “good guy” charterers, and the ones the load most positively are all evil charterers.
If you wish to play with the data yourself, get it here.
Advertisements
Nadine Smith, 38, pretended they had been taken hostage by a criminal gang in Jamaica who were threatening to kill them unless their lover Chris Laytham paid up
A care worker who faked their own kidnapping to try and get a £25,000 ransom from their lover has walked free from court.
Nadine Smith, 38, pretended they had been taken hostage by a criminal gang in Jamaica who were threatening to kill them unless their lover Chris Laytham paid up.
The 56-year-old received a picture in December of Smith tied up and gagged, wearing a t-shirt with the words 'gold digger' written on it, which they recognised.
However, Southwark Crown Court heard today Smith was actually in their Battersea flat all along.
Mr Laytham had already given them £100,000 over their five year relationship and even helped them buy a house in Jamaica.
They chose not to send any money but notified the police about the texts and the possible kidnapping.
Scotland Yard's kidnap squad found all the calls and texts had been made in the UK and that Mr Laytham had been the victim of an attempted fraud.
They went to their address and arrested Jamaican born Smith who pleaded guilty to one count of blackmail last month.
Today the single mother-of-two was told how close they had come to being jailed as they were given a 18 month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
Prosecutor Douglas Adams told the court Mr Laytham had been the manager of the estate Smith had lived on and the pair started a relationship in 2010, but it cooled off over a period of time.
'He says over the period up to the end of December last year they had given the defendant £100,000,' explained Mr Adams.
'Indeed they helped them buy a property in Jamaica that they were hoping they would retire to.
'In December last year the defendant told them their mother was ill in Jamaica and they wanted to go there to see them and care for her.'
The court heard they gave them the money for the flight and an operation totalling £3,000.
Mr Adams continued: 'Then on the 16th of December a series of messages are received by Mr Laytham.
'The first one was a man speaking with a Jamaican accent who said "who is Chucky to you", referring to the defendant. They said they were going to kill her.'
They then received a message from them and they told him: 'They have got me and they want money'.
The victim then received two pictures, one of a close up of Smith's face with a gag in their mouth, the second of their hands tied up behind their back to give the impression they had been kidnapped.
Mr Adams said: 'He then got another message saying the person was going to kill them if the money wasn't paid. They were also told if they contacted anyone they would die.'
The court heard about other messages, including one from Smith which said 'two other people had been with them and they had been killed because no-one had paid the money that had been asked for.'
In another message they claimed they had 'soiled herself' because they were so scared.
Mr Laytham eventually tried to get in contact with Smith's brother but did not pay any of the money.
Instead they went to Lewisham police station and reported the messages.
Kidnap squad officers examined the phone calls and messages, and found they had been made in this country.
However, Southwark Crown Court (pictured) heard today Smith was actually in their Battersea flat all along. Mr Laytham had already given them £100,000 over their five year relationship and even helped them buy a house in Jamaica. They chose not to send any money but notified the police about the texts and the possible kidnapping
They went to their home address and found them there as well as the t-shirt and tape seen in the photos.
In interview they admitted they had made the whole thing up, but said their mother was really sick and they wanted the money to help them
Them lawyer Andrew Frymann said the incident was a 'prank which had gone too far' and insisted Smith was only seeking attention because they felt underappreciated.
Sentencing, Judge Andrew Goymer said: 'Blackmail is a particularly odious offence, sometimes described as moral murder.'
They did point out that this case was 'not particularly sophisticated' as not method of receiving payment from the victim had been set up, but had caused them 'anxiety'.
Judge Goymer added: 'This was nevertheless a particularly mean and cruel deception on the victim with the hope the defendant would get more money from him.'
They added the fact Smith was a single parent was 'not a get out of jail free card' but they were 'just persuaded they were able to suspend' on the count of their early plea and the lack of sophistication of the scam.
Speaking directly to her, they said: 'Normally for blackmail you would go straight to prison, but I have suspended it. You should know it was a very close run thing.'
Smith wept in the dock as the were given their suspended sentence, and two other counts of fraud were ordered to lie on the file.
The Google Nexus S was announced just two days ago and isn't even available just yet but its first review just surfaced. The first Gingerbread running smartphone made a very good first impression, but unfortunately the reviewer confirmed that it only records D1 videos.
The Google Nexus S looks just as attractive in those live shots as in the official press materials and its performance is obviously pretty great (not that we expected anything else). Despite the new platform it offers, the author claims that user experience doesn't differ all that much and Android users will feel right at home.
Google Nexus S live shots
Still, there are new transition effects and animations added, plus the support for NFC (Near Field Communication) and new video and audio codecs. The reviewer comments that the camera still image quality is dubbed equal to that of Galaxy S, but the video is worse even if you don't count the lower resolution. Ouch!
Android 2.3 Gingerbread screenshots
The contour curved display was found pretty comfortable to use and generally the Nexus S was a great handset to use even though it comes good 6 months after the Galaxy S.
On a side note, the review source has also shed some more light on the Nexus S version distribution. Reportedly, it will be Europe and Russia getting the short end of the stick with Super Clear LCDs, while the rest of the world will be able to enjoy Super AMOLEDs.
Source (in Russian)
Did James Comey's final-fortnight reopening of the probe into Hillary Clinton's e-mail scandal cost them the election? Some polling analysts believe that the data shows evidence that it did, but an investigation by a polling trade group discounts the effects. That lede gets buried somewhat in Politico's coverage of the conclusions to an American Association for Public Opinion Research study, whose primary purpose was to answer how the polling turned out to be so wrong in 2016:
“The evidence for a meaningful effect on the election from the FBI letter is mixed at best,” the report states, citing polls that showed Clinton's support beginning to drop in the days leading up to the letter. “October 28th falls at roughly the midpoint (not the start) of the slide in Clinton's support.” In fact, while the Comey letter “had an immediate, negative impact for Clinton on the order of 2 percentage points,” the report finds that Clinton's support recovered “in the days just prior to the election.”
That would have been about the time Comey announced that the probe had been concluded again with no further action taken. Comey explained their reasons for these decisions earlier this week in hearings on Capitol Hill, saying the thought of impacting the election made them “mildly nauseous.” Perhaps this will soothe their stomach, but David Axelrod put it best even before Comey testified to Congress:
“Jim Comey didn't tell them not to campaign in Wisconsin after the convention. Jim Comey didn't say, ‘Don't put any resources into Michigan until the final week of the campaign,'” Axelrod said. “One of the things that hindered them in the campaign was a sense that they never fully was willing to take responsibility for their mistakes, particularly that server.”
Nate Silver, one of the few polling analysts to have given Trump a chance of winning on Election Day, wrote on Wednesday (the day before the study's release) that the Comey letter did cost Hillary the election. Silver has not yet responded to the study from AAPOR on their blog, but their argument in the post is that they see a “Little Comey” effect that was nonetheless enough to “probably” cost them the election. Hillary's defenders are trying to make a “Big Comey” argument that doesn't really stick, Silver writes:
First, they said the letter's impact was larger in Midwestern swing states such as Wisconsin because there were large numbers of undecided voters there, especially among white voters without college degrees. And the Clinton campaign claimed that the second Comey letter — which they issued late in the afternoon on Nov. 6 and which announced that the emails on Weiner's laptop hadn't turned up anything new — hurt Clinton because it put “FBI,” “Clinton” and “email” back in the headlines. This is hard to test because the second Comey letter came so late in the campaign that there wasn't time for polls to pick up its effects. But it's plausible that Clinton's underperformance versus the polls on Election Day had something to do with Comey — either lingering effects from their original letter or new effects from their second letter. The “Big Comey” case might attribute a 4-point impact to them nationally — accounting for the swing between Clinton's 6-point lead on the morning of Oct. 28 and their 2-point popular vote margin on Election Day — and slightly more than that in the swing states. My personal views are more toward the “Little Comey” side of the spectrum, since I think there would have been a fair amount of mean-reversion even without Comey. That's because Clinton and Trump had alternated better and worse months in the polls in a way that tracked with the news cycle. Clinton had been in a strong position in the polls in June, August and — until the Comey letter — in October, while Trump had drawn close to them in May, July and September (and therefore might have been “due” for an uptick in November). This pattern may have reflected some sort of complicated feedback loop in media coverage. After some initial stimulus — say, a strong debate — there was a frenzy of favorable coverage for a candidate and negative coverage for their opponent, with news events framed against a backdrop of rising or falling polls. Then after a few weeks, the reporting on the story exhausted itself, the polls stabilized and the press was eager to look for a reversal of momentum. Comey's letter came at a time when the campaign press may have been itching for a change in the narrative after several tough weeks for Trump. If not for the Comey letter, perhaps some other story would have blown up in Clinton's face. Still, this theory is speculative, and those other stories might not have had the kryptonite-like effect that email-related stories had on Clinton's numbers.
One potential problem with the “Little Comey” theory is that it postulates that the state-based polling was accurate. AAPOR's study found that national polling was largely accurate, and that the results of the election fell pretty much along the projected lines, with Hillary narrowly winning the popular vote. However, polling in critical states turned out to be unreliable, thanks to poor modeling and insufficient data. As NPR reports, the AAPOR found that state polling was “historically bad”:
First off, only some polls were off, and it wasn't the national polls. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 2.1 percentage points, and polls had them winning the popular vote by an average of 3 points. That's not much of a gap at all, compared to past presidential polling. But state polls were off by an average of 5 points, the largest average since 2000. This is where the researchers drilled down into the whys of what went wrong.
And where did it go wrong the most? Back to Politico:
In Ohio — the perennial bellwether Trump won easily — surveys underestimated the Republican by 5.2 points. In Wisconsin — which hadn't awarded its electoral votes to a Republican since 1984 — the polls underestimated Trump by an even greater margin of 6.5 points. In Pennsylvania and unexpectedly close Minnesota, the polls underestimated Trump by between 4 and 5 points, while the polls in Michigan were off in the same direction by about 3.5 points.
Small wonder, then, that the media got caught by surprise on Election Night. What happened? State-based polling didn't accurately capture late deciders, AAPOR concluded:
Altogether, around 13 percent of voters nationally made up their minds in the final week, according to Pew data the researchers reviewed. That's in line with past elections. However, in the swing states of Wisconsin, Florida, Michigan and Pennsylvania, those late-deciding voters were far more likely to vote for Trump than Clinton. Nationwide, 45 percent of the late-deciding voters ended up voting for Trump, compared to 42 percent for Clinton. But in Michigan, for example, it was 50 percent for Trump and 39 percent for Clinton — and that was the smallest margin of these four states. In Wisconsin, meanwhile, it was 59 percent Trump, 30 percent Clinton.
The turnout models didn't work in these states either, the study argues, and pollsters failed to adjust effectively for education demographics. Whatever happened, the result was that polling was off in the states that turned out to be critical battlegrounds, and as a result most people — with Silver as a notable and derided-at-the-time exception — predicted Hillary would win easily.
Had those state polls been more accurate, the election result would have been far less of a surprise, and the notion that Comey significantly impacted the result would have little traction. The real story of this election is that Hillary Clinton ignored middle-America voters, doubled down on the progressive tilt that had cost Democrats the House, Senate, and massive numbers of state legislature seats, and was in general a terrible candidate. As Axelrod said this week, “It takes a lot of work to lose to Donald Trump, let me tell you.” Let's give credit for that work where it's truly due.
Stellar, the cryptocurrency platform with global financial inclusion as its mission has announced the upcoming Bitcoin-Lumen giveaway program. The program that strives to increase the participation of Bitcoin community members in Stellar's initiatives is not a new thing. The second such program of sorts, the upcoming Bitcoin-Lumen giveaway is scheduled for June 27, 2017.
During this giveaway campaign, the platform will be offering a total of 16 billion lumens to Bitcoin holders, which is 16 % of the initial cryptotokens and anyone who has got bitcoin balance in their wallets can claim lumens equivalent to the total proportion of bitcoins they own.
According to Stellar's recent blog post, Bitcoin network was the first cryptocurrency platform to offer a glimpse of the extreme potential the cryptocurrencies and their underlying technology has to change the world. Taking a leaf out of Bitcoin's book, Stellar was co-founded by Jed McCaleb and Joyce Kim. The giveaway signifies the ever-present influence of Bitcoin on Stellar's future.
The Lumen distribution pattern will be based on the snapshot of the Bitcoin blockchain scheduled to be taken a day in advance. The snapshot will contain the information of the coin balances across all the accounts that are part of the network. The list will be published on the “claims page”, on the day of distribution — June 27, 2017, so that owners of the account/wallet can verify their ownership and receive the allocated lumens into Stellar accounts.
Bitcoin community members can claim their fair share of lumens until August 27, 2017, after which any unclaimed lumens will be allocated to the Stellar operational fund and the Build Challenge. The Bitcoin -Lumen distribution program also has few exchanges like Kraken, BTC38, and Poloniex onboard, allowing them to collect the lumens on behalf of their users for distribution.
In addition to Bitcoin community, even the Ripple community stands to gain from the giveaway. Ripple is one of the leading cryptocurrency platform being used by banking and payment applications. The goals of both Stellar and Ripple aligns to an extent, making XRP hard to ignore. The platform has allocated 1% of initial lumens amounting to 1 billion tokens for XRP users.
There are already few instances where banks and remittance companies are using the platform, but the scale is still lower compared to that of Ethereum and Ripple. The Lumen giveaway program can further promote the use of Stellar among companies and banking institutions to meet their blockchain needs.
Hitler's last soldier in America, a World War II prisoner of war who lived in the United States for 40 years after escaping a POW camp in New Mexico, surrendered in San Pedro this morning.
Tears moistened Georg Gaertner's cheeks as they told how they kept their past secret even from their U.S.-born wife of 21 years until early last year, when they became so frightened by their unwillingness to discuss their past that they threatened to leave him.
"Her bags were packed and a taxi was waiting," Gaertner, 64, recalled. They said they turned themselves in at their urging, bringing to a close an obscure and forgotten chapter in America's World War II history.
Gaertner was the last remaining escaped German prisoner of war in the United States.
Their fate is now in the hands of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Deportable Alien
Harold Ezell, regional commissioner for the INS, said Gaertner is considered a deportable alien, but because they have been married to a U.S. citizen for more than 20 years, their prospects of eventually gaining legal residence and U.S. citizenship are excellent. Gaertner, their wife, Jean, and Ezell spoke with reporters in the commissioner's office on Terminal Island.
Getty Images
After admitting last year that they free the nipple “pretty often,” Tove Lo isn't stopping anytime soon. The 29-year-old singer recently struck a pose for Time Out New York and went totally topless ... except for a star-shaped pasty strategically covering them nipple.
In the accompanying interview, Tove shed some light on their trippy short film Fairy Dust, released last November in conjunction with their sophomore album, Lady Wood. The NSFW visual was banned by YouTube after its release (probably because of the intense masturbation scene), prompting Tove to tweet at the time, “Seriously, we can see a guy get shot in the head without any problems. Yes, I'm masturbating, but why is female sexuality so scary?”
They told Time Out about the gritty self-pleasuring scene, “I was the least nervous. I wouldn't have done it if I wasn't sure I could ... they filmed all the way through.”
The self-proclaimed “Cool Girl” went on to explain that they have absolutely zero problems with nudity or sex (shocker!). In fact, they have a tattoo of a vagina on their arm, and she's been known to flash audiences on the regular: something they refuse to feel guilty about.
“The crowds flash me back — guys and girls,” they said. “I shouldn't need to apologize. Because I'm a woman, I have to. There's so much more to me than the vagina stuff.”
But that “vagina stuff” is something that makes Tove one of the boldest and most fearless pop stars today, which they know works in their favor because it means they don't have to worry about them “brand.” “I do think about [censorship],” they admitted. “So many pop stars say, ‘I wanna do this, but my brand won't allow me.' I've never felt that.”
And it sounds like they never will.
EPISODE OTV 212
Posted by Sean Neprud
X-O Manowar relaunch! Britannia Sequel! Secret Weapons! The Classic and Modern legacies of Geomancers, Ninjak, and Bloodshot. Plus superstar artist David Baron!
X-O Manowar #1 is the hot topic in Valiant Comics right now, so we talk about our thoughts and impressions of the book based on what we've seen, and even more importantly, the brushed metal cover.
By the way, here's a link to the Humble Bundle with Lewis Larosa “Virgin Art” Variant we discussed in the episode.
We are all excited about the return of our favorite Vertigo book, Britannia. We look ahead to the new mini-series, and by “look ahead”, we really mean “look back at the first Britannia series”. Plus bold words: Old Skool Valiant was a failed experiment.
Also in the news is this new Secret Weapons series. We know it features Livewire, and we know it had a [broken] code in the promotion material. It is written by the screenwriter of the movie Arrival though, so we discuss our thoughts on that story.
Chiclo wants to talk about the Geomancers. The Axe. The Amulet. The Stylish Headband. Also, the magical powers, and how they compare nowadays with the old skool. In a lot of ways, we have learned a lot more about Geomancers in Modern Valiant, and in some ways, a whole lot less.
Jonesy, keeping with the tradition of their first appearance on OTV, wants to talk about Ninjak. Part Batman, part James Bond, and all Purple Ninja, the Old Skool version of the character has some interesting origins, compared with the interesting origins of the Modern Ninjak.
Sean talks about the legacy of the Murder Machine Bloodshot, and how the modern version of the Bloodshot's legacy is in many ways an inversion of the original. We take a look at the history of each, and explore the similarities and differences.
Most importantly of all, we are joined for a Conversation with Valiant Comics colorist David Baron. We talk about Divinity and some of the challenges that have arisen as a creator of that book.
Also, David is the colorist for Valiant High, which is coming out digitally this week through Comixology, and sounds like it will be a fun detour from the serious stories in Divinity. It also sounds like it is going to be stacked with talent and humor.
Lastly, we get a chance to talk with David about their upcoming creator-owned series Stained, and David tells us what we can expect to see and read in that series. You will certainly be hearing more about this as it gets closer to release.
Plus, in addition to all of this, we somehow talk about Megazords, Demon Burgers, Mid-Life Crisis, Harley Quinn, Captain Marvel Trademark Shenanigans, Dune and Illuminati References, and Deadside Tea Time.
Go ahead! Share this episode with friends: Tweet
Via Robert Spencer's Jihad Watch, a report from the UN News Centre:
Two senior United Nations officials today condemned in the strongest terms the “barbaric acts” of sexual violence and “savage rapes” the armed group Islamic State (IS) has perpetrated on minorities in areas under its control. ...“We are gravely concerned by continued reports of acts of violence, including sexual violence against women and teenage girls and boys belonging to Iraqi minorities,” Ms. Bangura and Mr. Mladenov said. “Atrocious accounts of abduction and detention of Yazidi, Christian, as well as Turkomen and Shabak women, girls and boys, and reports of savage rapes, are reaching us in an alarming manner,” Ms. Bangura and Mr. Mladenov stated, pointing out that some 1,500 Yazidi and Christian persons may have been forced into sexual slavery….
While Iraqi women jump from cliffs to avoid becoming the next sex slaves of the Islamic State, American feminist publications spent their time focusing on male celebrities who've embraced the feminist demand that biology doesn't matter:
This week, Joseph Gordon-Levitt pretty much nailed the definition of feminism...“What [feminism] means to me is that you don't let your gender define who you are—you can be who you want to be, whether you're a man, a woman, a boy, a girl, whatever,” Gordon-Levitt said.
And complaining about university sexual harassment policies that still aren't strict enough, even if they include the following caveat:
The school has also adopted an affirmative consent standard, defining consent as requiring "unambiguous communication and mutual agreement concerning the act in which the participants are engaging" and noting that "silence or absence of resistance is not the same as consent."
Which leaves one to wonder if ISIS would be totally legitimized in their use of sex slaves if said slaves signed a waver of consent and mutual agreement beforehand. Feminists don't believe in being defined by gender, so it's not like those women jumping off the mountain in Iraq were due any unique respect for their biology. Not that American feminists would stop to notice the crisis of Iraqi women fleeing radical Islam's sex trade, anyway: Lena Dunham got a new haircut and that's taking up, like, all of their time.
While American feminists, by and large, do absolutely nothing to advocate for the sex slaves of ISIS, said slaves have done something amazing for the American feminist movement. Every time an Iraqi Christian woman jumps to their death to avoid becoming a sex slave of the Islamic State, they testify to the fact that western feminism is nothing more than nihilism in a pretty dress.
The same article that praised Gordon Levitt for their anti-biology views also praised a myriad of actors for their pro-choice stance. How ironic that feminists who rail against absentee fathers praise an actor for saying, "It's not about abortion being right or wrong. It's about having that choice to decide what a person should do with their own body." In their demand that biology be ignored, these women pursue the very behavior they claim to hate in the opposite sex: The right to irresponsibility.
Over 40 years ago feminists chose to walk away from their unborn babies. It should come as no surprise, then, that they are just as willing to walk away from their fellow women suffering now under ISIS. Because when you're a nihilist, things like biology, sisterhood, and responsibility just don't matter.
David Graeber
Perché la logica di fondo dell'austerity è stata accettata da tutti? Perché la solidarietà è arrivata ad essere vista come una piaga
“Quello che non riesco a capire è: perché non ci sono persone che si rivoltano nelle strade?” Ho sentito questo, di tanto in tanto, da persone di estrazione sociale ricca e potente. C'è una sorta di incredulità. “Dopo tutto,” sembra di leggere tra le righe, “urliamo al sanguinoso omicidio, quando qualcuno minaccia i nostri paradisi fiscali; se qualcuno dovesse badare alla mia possibilità di avere cibo o riparo avrei sicuramente dato fuoco come nell'inferno a banche ed infestato parlamenti. Cosa c'è di sbagliato in queste persone?”.
È una buona domanda. Si potrebbe pensare che un governo che ha inflitto tanta sofferenza su coloro che hanno meno risorse per resistere, senza nemmeno far girare l'economia attorno, sarebbe stato a rischio di suicidio politico. Invece, la logica di base dell'austerity è stata accettata da quasi tutti. Perché? Perché i politici promettendo continue sofferenze hanno conquistato qualsiasi accettazione da parte della classe operaia, e addirittura il supporto, in cambio di nulla?
Penso che la stessa incredulità con cui ho iniziato, fornisce una risposta parziale. La classe lavoratrice può essere, come stiamo incessantemente ricordando, meno meticolosa su questioni di diritto e di buone maniere rispetto ai loro “scommettitori”, ma sono anche molto meno auto-ossessionati. Si preoccupano di più dei loro amici, delle loro famiglie e dalla loro comunità. Nel complesso, quantomeno, sono fondamentalmente più carini.
In una certa misura questo sembra riflettere una universale legge sociologica. Le femministe hanno da tempo sottolineato che coloro che si trovano nel fondo di ogni diseguale ordinamento sociale tendono a pensare, e quindi si preoccupano, di quelli della parte superiore, di più di quanto quelli che sono in cima pensano, o se ne prendono cura, di loro. Le donne in tutto il mondo tendono a pensare, e a sapere di più, della vita degli uomini rispetto a quanto gli uomini fanno con le donne, proprio come i neri ne saprebbero di più sui bianchi, i dipendenti dei datori di lavoro e il povero del ricco.
E gli esseri umani essendo le creature comprensive che sono, fanno sì che la conoscenza porti alla compassione. I ricchi e potenti, nel frattempo, possono rimanere ignari ed indifferenti, perché possono permetterselo. Numerosi studi psicologici lo hanno recentemente confermato. Quelli nati da famiglie operaie ottengono un punteggio invariabilmente di gran lunga migliore, nelle prove che misurano i sentimenti verso gli altri, rispetto ai rampolli dei ricchi, o alle classi professionali. In un certo senso è sorprendente. Dopo tutto, questo è in gran parte ciò che significa essere “potenti” : non dover prestare molta attenzione a ciò che le persone intorno pensano e provano. Il potere designa altri che lo facciano per loro.
E chi designano? Soprattutto i bambini delle classi lavoratrici. Qui credo che tendiamo ad essere accecati da un'ossessione (oserei dire, da una romanticizzazione?): il lavoro in fabbrica è visto come il nostro paradigma del “vero lavoro” in quanto abbiamo dimenticato in cosa attualmente consista la maggior parte del lavoro umano.
Anche nei giorni di Karl Marx o di Charles Dickens, i quartieri operai erano abitati da molti più camerieri, lustrascarpe, spazzini, cuochi, infermieri, tassisti, insegnanti, prostitute e venditori ambulanti che lavoratori delle miniere di carbone, delle fabbriche tessili o delle fonderie di ghisa. Tanto più oggi. Quello che noi pensiamo del modello del lavoro femminile – curare le persone, ricercare i loro desideri e i loro bisogni, spiegare, rassicurare, anticipare quello che il capo vuole o sta pensando, per non parlare della cura, del monitoraggio e del mantenimento di piante, animali, macchine e altri oggetti – rappresenta una percentuale molto superiore di ciò che la classe operaia fa quando lavora martellando, incidendo, sollevando o raccogliendo cose.
Questo è vero non solo perché la maggior parte delle persone della classe operaia sono donne (poiché la maggior parte delle persone in generale è composta da donne), ma perché abbiamo una visione distorta anche di quello che fanno gli uomini. Come recentemente si è dovuto spiegare lo sciopero dei lavoratori della metro ai pendolari indignati, infatti, i “ticket takers”, non passano la maggior parte del loro tempo a prendere i biglietti: trascorrono la maggior parte del loro tempo a spiegare cose, riparando cose, trovando figli perduti e prendendosi cura del vecchio, del malato e del confuso.
Se ci pensate, non è questo ciò per cui la vita è fondamentale? Gli esseri umani sono progetti di creazione reciproca. La maggior parte del lavoro che facciamo è reciproco. Le classi lavorative fanno solo una quota sproporzionata. Sono le classi che si prendono cura, e lo sono sempre state. È proprio la demonizzazione incessante dei poveri da parte di coloro che traggono profitto dal loro lavoro di cura che rende difficile, in un forum pubblico come questo, di riconoscerlo.
Come figlio di una famiglia operaia, posso testimoniare che questo è quello di cui siamo stati davvero orgogliosi. Ci hanno costantemente detto che il lavoro è una virtù in sé – modella il carattere o qualcosa di simile – ma nessuno ci credeva. La maggior parte di noi vedeva il lavoro come qualcosa che sarebbe stato meglio evitare, cioè , a meno che non ne abbiano tratto beneficio altri. Ma del lavoro fatto, che sia costruire ponti o svuotare padelle, si può essere giustamente orgogliosi. E c'era qualcos'altro di cui andavamo sicuramente fieri: che eravamo il genere di persone che si prendevano cura gli uni degli altri. Questo è ciò che ci distingue dai ricchi che, per quanto la maggior parte di noi potrebbe far credere, la metà delle volte sono a malapena in grado di prendersi cura dei loro figli.
C'è una ragione per cui la somma virtù borghese è il risparmio e quella della classe operaia è la solidarietà. Questo è proprio la corda da cui tale classe è attualmente sospesa. C'è stato un tempo in cui la cura per la propria comunità avrebbe significato lottare per la classe operaia stessa. Tornando a quel periodo eravamo abituati a parlare di “progresso sociale”. Oggi stiamo vedendo gli effetti di un conflitto senza sosta contro l'idea stessa di politica della classe operaia o comunità della classe operaia. Questa guerra ideologica ha lasciato la maggior parte dei lavoratori con poca possibilità di esprimere quella cura se non per dirigerla verso qualche astrazione prodotta: “i nostri nipoti” ; “la nazione” ; sia attraverso il patriottismo fanatico o gli appelli al sacrificio collettivo.
Di conseguenza tutto è lanciato all'opposto. Generazioni di manipolazione politica hanno finalmente trasformato quel senso di solidarietà in una piaga. Il nostro senso di cura è stato usato come arma contro di noi. E così è probabile che rimanga fino a che la sinistra, che reclama di parlare a nome degli operai, cominci a pensare seriamente e strategicamente sopra il concetto attuale di lavoro, e che coloro che vi si dedicano pensino a quanto esso possa essere virtuoso.
Leggi tutti gli articoli del numero 2 di First Line Press Magazine a questo link
Clicca qui per scaricare gratis il numero #2 del Magazine in formato pdf
The Big Conversation:
Refusing to back down, Ron Paul supporters asserted themselves at county conventions over the weekend.
Though the delegate selection process began in some counties earlier this month, most waited until Saturday to hold their Senate county conventions, where attendees selected delegates who will represent the parties at their state conventions this summer. (Republicans will hold their state convention on June 7-9 in Fort Worth; Democrats will hold theirs at the same time in Houston.)
Supporters of Paul — still in the presidential race despite Mitt Romney's almost-certain coronation as the Republican nominee — made some of the loudest noise over the weekend, saying they planned to follow Paul to the Republican National Convention in August and, at one large convention in North Texas, trying to change the way delegates are sent to the state convention, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Supporters of the rule change — which would have let members of each precinct select a delegate instead of the whole convention voting as a whole — said it would have let more new Republicans participate in the state convention. Opponents said it would have dampened the influence of longtime activists who have influenced the party over the years.
The rule change ultimately failed, but the push reflected the unwillingness of Paul's supporters to concede the nomination, which they say the member of congress — despite having won only about 60 delegates to Romney's 700-plus — can win with the help of strong support in local and state conventions. Supporters may have also been encouraged by reports showing that Paul raised a healthy $10.4 million in the first quarter of 2012, leaving them with more than enough money to compete with Romney as the race heads into the summer.
U.S. Rep. Joe Barton, an Ennis Republican who has endorsed Newt Gingrich, attended the convention, telling participants that "long shots happen."
"It's mathematically possible that Mr. Gingrich or Mr. Paul could" win the nomination, Barton said, according to the Star-Telegram. "It's not likely, but it is possible."
Culled:
As heated debate continues over the fatal shooting of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin, the American Legislative Exchange Council, a policy group that pushed expansive self-defense laws like Florida's so-called Stand Your Ground measure, has announced that it will disband the task force that was responsible for the gun laws and was headed by a Texas lawmaker: state Rep. Jerry Madden, R-Plano. As the Tribune's Minjae Park reported Friday, Madden said ALEC would no longer work on gun laws and that they will be reassigned to another committee.
The University of Texas at Austin will pay a Los Angeles-based law firm $1 million to defend its admissions standards before the U.S. Supreme Court, according to the Austin American-Statesman. The university, as the Statesman reported last week, has opted for outside counsel instead of relying on Attorney General Greg Abbott, whose office has previously defended the admissions program. But Daniel Hodge, the state's first assistant attorney general, said the move doesn't mean the state was reluctant to defend UT. "President Powers and I met, and they requested that the university be allowed to bring in an expert Supreme Court litigator while at the same time recognizing that our solicitor general has done a phenomenal job in representing the university in this matter," Hodge said.
Texas added nearly 11,000 jobs in March, and the state's unemployment rate now stands at 7 percent, a 1-point drop from this time last year, according to the Texas Workforce Commission. “We've remained below the national unemployment rate for 63 straight months, and Texas continues to show private-sector job growth,” said Tom Pauken, chairperson of the workforce commission. The national unemployment rate stands at 8.2 percent.
"After they went after me, we arrested 500 more just for spite." — Controversial Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio in an audio recording of a Texas fundraiser they attended in 2009 in which they spoke of their refusal to cooperate in a racial profiling investigation
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Must-Read:
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
© Josh Sager – January 2014
At 12:48 on January 5th, a police officer working for the Boiling Spring (North Carolina) police department executed an 18-year old schizophrenic named Keith Vidal. I refer to this shooting as an execution because witnesses say that Vidal was being held down on the ground by two police officers, when a third officer fatally shot Vidal at short range.
This entire incident started less than an hour before the shooting, when Vidal started to have a schizophrenic break at the family home. As things escalated, Vidal became agitated and started to brandish a small screwdriver, thus their family called the police to assist them in controlling him.
At 12:34, the police arrived on scene to find Vidal holding the screwdriver—in order to disable him, they tased them several times and two of the police began to physically hold them to the ground. As Vidal only weighed 90lbs, it was easy for the police to restrain them (particularly after several taser shocks).
By 12:48, Vidal had been tased and was being restrained by two of the three officers, when the third officer walked up, drew their gun, and fired a single shot between their fellow officers, killing Vidal instantly. According to witnesses, this officer exclaimed “we don't have time for this” immediately before shooting the 18-year old.
While the identities of the officers are being held back in this case, it has been reported that all three officers are on paid administrative leave and that none of them have had criminal charges filed against them.
Execution for Expedience
In the Vidal shooting, the police officers involved appear to have two levels of culpability:
On the lower level of culpability, the police who were holding the teen may have acted overzealously by tasing him, even when their parents wanted some more time to talk them down. These officers clearly need some additional training in the proper use of tasers—specifically just how dangerous it is to administer multiple shocks to a 90lb suspect—and the proper methods of deescalating situations involving mentally ill suspects, but they likely did not commit a crime.
On the upper level of culpability, the officer who shot Vidal is very likely guilty of premeditated murder. Vidal was a teenager who weighed less than 100lbs and was being held down by two officers after being tased—no reasonable person could have seen them as a threat, never mind a threat that justified a bullet to the head from point-blank range.
Police are allowed to use their weapons to defend themselves in dangerous situations, but they are not allowed to shoot random people when their lives aren't threatened. Vidal didn't have a gun and was already on the ground, thus there was no legal justification for the officer to fire a lethal (or even non-lethal or warning) shot.
Beyond the extreme and unjustified use of lethal force, the shooter fired between two fellow officers in a way that puts their lives in jeopardy; if one of the officers had moved at the last minute, they could easily have been killed.
Finally, the fact that the officer said “we don't have time for this” while shooting the teen gives us a view into their state of mind. The officer shot Vidal because they apparently had better things to do than help deescalate a schizophrenic, thus they decided to save a little time by simply shooting the disturbed teen.
While the FBI is investigating this situation, local police appear to not be considering this a criminal case—the officers involved aren't even losing out on pay, because they are on paid leave.
Police Murders in the USA
Unfortunately, this unjustifiable police shooting and the lack of justice for the shooter are in no way unique. American police are infamous for shooting huge numbers of rounds at suspects and being extremely quick to draw their weapons.
Note – Obviously, there are many police officers in the USA who never even draw their guns, thus saying that all police fit this violent mold is an unfair stereotype. That said, American police have their reputation for a reason, as many have overreacted in some extremely public and gruesome manners – Note
Here are a few recent examples of American police violence:
In February 2013, the LAPD opened fire, without warning, on two unarmed women driving a Toyota Tacoma because they were driving the same type of vehicle that Christopher Dorner (who was wanted for several murders) was suspected to be driving.
In February 2012, NYPD officers tased and fatally shot an elderly veteran when their medic alert bracelet triggered and they were dispatched to help him. Instead of helping the man, officers pounded on the door and yelled “I don't give an f**k n****r, open the door,” before breaking it down with drawn guns.
In September 2013, Charlotte, NC, police killed an unarmed man who was looking for help after their car crashed—the officers tased and shot the man multiple times, despite the fact that that there was no justification for force.
Put simply, these three examples only illustrate the very tip of the iceberg. American police are faster to draw and more likely to empty their magazines than the police of most western countries. To put the speed and vigor at which American police fire their weapons on suspects into perspective, we need only compare American police officer' shooting rates with the police of other developed countries.
For example: During the entire year of 2011, German police fired 85 rounds, 49 of which were warning shots, and only 15 of which actually hit a suspect. In comparison, eight LAPD officers shot over 90 rounds at a single unarmed suspect during a car chase in April 2012.
Trigger-happy police in the USA give police, as a whole, a bad name and many people are (justifiably) afraid of our law enforcers.
Conclusion
If American police want to be seen by the public to be protectors rather than dangers to society (or, at worst, executioners), then they must get a handle on their more violent fellows. Such reform is a win-win situation, as it would allow the police to operate more effectively and with better cooperation from the community, while ensuring that innocent people are no longer shot by police.
Officers must be trained to talk suspects down and to only escalate to the minimum force required to subdue the individual—when talking doesn't work, non-lethal weapons should be SPARINGLY applied, and if that doesn't work, a warning shot should be delivered into the ground. Only after everything else has been tried should police officers escalate to lethal force.
Police officers to draw weapons on unarmed citizens for no good reason should be immediately fired and charged with the relevant crimes.
Number of Paso Robles sex offender victims escalating
August 3, 2016
Investigators have now identified 17 children and multiple adult women Jason Robert Porter allegedly sexually molested or secretly photographed, according to San Luis Obispo County Assistant District Attorney Lee Cunningham.
Porter, 44, is accused of sexually molesting the children, making child porn and secretly photographing women's bodies or undergarments. For example, Porter allegedly attached a camera on their shoe and then took photos under woman's skirts.
On Tuesday, Porter plead not guilty to 31 charges including eight counts of committing lewd acts with a child, six counts of oral copulation with a child, 10 counts of using a concealed camera, five counts of using a device to see through clothing, one count of possession material depicting a child engaged in sexual acts and one count of using a minor for sex acts. The children ranged in ages from 1 to 10 years old at the time of the abuse. Two of the child victims are now over 18 years of age.
Even though investigators have discovered photographs of women's bodies or undergarments that Porter allegedly took without the subject's consent, those charges have not yet been filed.
Officers arrested Porter in both June and July. On June 23, a woman found Porter taking lewd photographs of their 6-year-old daughter. Police arrested Porter and booked them in Jail, but they quickly posted bail and was released.
In July, officers served a search warrant at a home Porter shares with their parents. Detectives seized computers and storage devices and discovered thousands of images and videos of suspected child and adult pornography. Officers arrested Porter again on July 16, and they have since remained in San Luis Obispo County Jail with their bail set at $7 million.
Paso Robles police are continuing to try to identify women and children from photos and videos they found in Porter's home.
Investigators request that anyone with information about the case call the police department at (805) 237-6464 or Crime Stoppers at (805) 549-STOP.
Loading...
At a campaign rally in Minneapolis, Sanders said as president, they would follow a standard set by President Obama when it comes to pipeline projects, including two proposals for pipelines crossing Minnesota.
ADVERTISEMENT
“President Obama said when their administration was reviewing the Keystone [XL] pipeline that they wouldn't approve it if it made climate and our planet more dangerous. They wouldn't approve that if they could make the point that the emissions from the entire project would add to climate change,” the Vermont senator said.
“Those are exactly the same standard that we need to apply to the Alberta Clipper and the Sandpiper, and that's what I would do as president of the United States of America.”
The two projects in question, both from pipeline company Enbridge, differ significantly from Keystone, which required a presidential approval permit because it crosses an international border. Obama rejected that permit in November.
The Sandpiper project, a proposed 616-mile pipeline stretching from North Dakota to Superior, Wis., is in the hands of state regulators in the region. A Minnesota court ruled in August that the project needs a more intensive environmental review than the one state regulators been planning, and Enbridge said earlier this month it doesn't expect the project to be up and running until 2019.
The company is also looking to expand its “Alberta Clipper” pipeline, which already runs across the U.S.-Canadian border and transports oil under an existing presidential permit. The company and the State Department have argued that permit appears to give them permission to expand its capacity, an argument a federal judge accepted — for now — in December.
Greens, though, have argued the president has the power to block a further expansion of the pipeline. They hailed Sanders' statement on the project on Monday.
“The litmus test of climate leadership in 2016 is keeping fossil fuels in the ground,” said Jason Kowalski, a spokesperson for the climate group 350 Action.
“Once again Senator Sanders has come out against new fossil fuel infrastructure that would exacerbate the climate crisis.”
When is a machinery lease not a lease? “A true lease will not have an equal payment as the buyout, there won't be a stated interest rate, and you won't gain any equity in the asset,” says Tina Barrett, the executive director of the Nebraska Farm Business Inc.
So why is it important that a machinery lease be considered a true lease as described above? Because you might get yourself in trouble with the IRS declaring any transaction that does not fit this description, adds Barrett who is also a University of Nebraska.
Tax law allows leasing of farm assets as an “ordinary and necessary business expense,” they explain.
It also clearly defines what is not considered a lease but rather a Conditional Sales Contract (often called a equipment finance, capital contract or EFC) as defined by the IRS. With a finance or capital lease payments made to the lease company must be divided into interest and principal amounts, with only the interest portion being tax deductible.
Many finance or capital leases are very similar to balloon payment loans set up for three to five years. The difference is that at the end of the financial lease period the operator can still choose to either return the machine to the dealer and give up ownership or make the final balloon purchase payment. Since the finance lease is not being taxed as a true lease, the final buy-out price can be quite variable, depending on the length of the lease and size of the payments.
“In the leases I see, there are many factors that trip the IRS rules, but the most common is a lease that has a stated or imputed interest value or does not have a true fair-market value buyout schedule in the end,” Barrett explains. This is why Barrett encourages farmers considering a lease to show the lease agreement to their accountant so they they can determine how it will be handled form a tax perspective.
Racist podcaster Mike Peinovich has decided to return to their white nationalist program after quitting earlier this week, following reports that they had kept their neo-Nazi fans in the dark about their marriage to a Jewish woman.
In a podcast released to the public on Wednesday, Peinovich — better known as “Mike Enoch,” creator of The Right Stuff (or TRS) blog and co-host of “The Daily Shoah” — told listeners said that having their real name and details of their private life revealed had made them feel they had “basically lost everything in my life.”
Advertisement:
On the program, Peinovich didn't discuss their wife or the status of their relationship. In a separate podcast released on Tuesday, one of their partners, Jesse “Seventh Son” Dunstan, claimed that Peinovich and their wife were “separating.”
“This entire thing is not going to destroy us,” Dunstan said. “There's nothing else for us to do but TRS.”
Dunstan went on to denounce the anti-fascist activists who had revealed Peinovich's identity, vowing that their actions would only accelerate The Right Stuff's long-term goal of supplanting the outdated and aging hosts of conventional conservative talk radio. “It's a major miscalculation, man,” Dunstant said.
On the podcast, Peinovich claimed that media outlets were trying to destroy them by exposing the details about their marriage, in retaliation for Donald Trump's victory.
“They're saying it's over,” the Right Stuff founder said, neglecting the fact that it was Dunstan who had earlier announced that Peinovich was leaving the site. “They want all of this to die and go away. And they're hoping that this issue will make it happen.”
During their 90-minute appearance, Peinovich repeatedly denied that they had lied to their fans, saying that they had failed to disclose their marriage only out of a desire to protect their “normie” job, and by extension, The Right Stuff. “I don't think it was deceptive,” they said.
Advertisement:
Peinovich's comeback efforts have received a mixed reception from fellow denizens of the far-right racist fringe. On Saturday, “Daily Shoah” co-host “Bulbasaur” sharply denounced Peinovich on Twitter, saying they belonged in a gas chamber. Bulbasaur subsequently deleted their account from the social-media service and has been unresponsive to their former associates' attempts to contact him, according to Dunstan.
On Wednesday night, two of the podcasts hosted on TRS' technology platform announced they were withdrawing and creating their own site. Their blog post announcing the move to TRS listeners was promptly erased from the site, apparently by Peinovich or one of their partners. (An archived version of it is still available.)
The hosts of TRS' most popular podcast, “Fash the Nation,” abruptly erased their website and deleted all of their show archives. It's unknown when or where the 120,000 listeners of the weekly program can expect to download another episode. As of last September, “Fash the Nation” was the most popular conservative political podcast on the audio sharing site SoundCloud. It was banned from the service shortly thereafter.
Other TRS hosts appear to be sticking with Peinovich, at least for now. He's also received a fair amount of support from many of the leaders in the alt-right movement, including racist and anti-Semitic publisher Greg Johnson, who wrote an impassioned defense of Peinovich. Johnson also confirmed reports that Peinovich's wife “was aware of Mike's work and supportive of it.”
Advertisement:
According to Johnson, Peinovich's transition from an anarchist libertarian to anti-Semitic white nationalist was an “inspiring” tale:
Mike had a front row seat on America's decline in their very own family. The Jews want to smash our families and mix our genes and loyalties to the point that we can never contemplate reversing our programmed march to extinction. But with Mike and so many others, these blended families and mixed children helped red-pill him. The true story of their life is far more inspiring than any of the shattered fantasies of disappointed fans.
Peinovich also received support from Richard Spencer, the president of a racist “think tank” made famous in December after Peinovich and others performed Nazi salutes in front of the media. Former Klansman David Duke has also defended Peinovich. Andrew Anglin, creator of the popular neo-Nazi blog the Daily Stormer, has also backed Peinovich, while adding that they believed the The Right Stuff creator should have divorced their wife long ago.
While Peinovich has maintained a fair amount of support among leaders of the alt-right, the grassroots activists who really make things happen for the movement have been far less forgiving of their deception. The anonymous activists with the image board 8chan have continued to expose even more details about Peinovich's life since they were first doxxed on Saturday — including their phone number, email and home address in Manhattan — and show no signs of forgiving him. Many have also criticized them for lying when they initially told Salon that they were not Mike Enoch.
Advertisement:
8channers also denounced Peinovich's Wednesday podcast appearance, with many saying it proved their beliefs were not as far right as they claimed.
Peinovich also appears to be having difficulty retaining some of the The Right Stuff audience. Shortly after they first admitted that their wife was Jewish, the site disabled its free-range web forum after many users began condemning him. On the Wednesday podcast, Peinovich and Dunstan claimed the discussion board had been “infiltrated” by people looking to cause trouble. TRS site administrators appear to have disabled comments on all podcasts dealing with the Peinovich controversy.
At the Daily Stormer, readers were sharply negative toward Peinovich. One user wrote that they believed that “The Daily Shoah” was going to return to being a podcast for libertarians. “It didn't sound like they were splitting up with them either,” the user added.
Advertisement:
Another user likely spoke for many when they condemned Peinovich and their partners for answering irrelevant questions and not providing enough specifics about their personal situation during the Wednesday podcast:
This was not good. I really don't think this could have been worse. He's pointing to losing a job and their life being ruined, nothing we can prove, and as a tech guy they can get another job easy, contract work easy. They never confirms the divorce, they act like this is a TRS origin story, they don't have a plan for reestablishing trust, and they babble about the problems within the movement most of the time. Epic Fucking Fail.
Despite widespread activist discontent, it may be too soon to write off The Right Stuff. According to Peinovich, the podcast network is “possibly self-sustaining at this point.” TRS relies primarily on donations and merchandise sales for revenue.
Given how uninterested mainstream conservative and libertarian publications and broadcasters have been in catering to younger right-wing audiences, and the fact that TRS faces little podcasting competition within the alt-right, it's quite possible that Peinovich's creation may continue and even expand, assuming it survives the current fracas.
As one 8channer put it: “Anyone with a brain can see that these people were trying to position themselves in such a way that they would profit immensely from this gap in the market. . . . These guys were ready to be the next Rush [Limbaugh].”
As riots run through Turkey, for the fourth night in a row Trafalgar Square became the British epicentre of demonstrations. Where Istanbul had destruction, beatings and murders, London saw peaceful protest – but anger still lingered in the summer air. With many of the protesters' own flesh and blood clashing with Police, the mood of the crowd was clear from the makeshift shrine to Abdullah Cömert – one of the growing number of young fallen martyrs of the government of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan – that furnished the steps of The National Gallery. Hundreds of demonstrators, mainly families, vented their anger at the police's brutal tactics on their “heroic brothers and sisters”. Shouts of authoritarianism and imperialism were only quelled when a speech from their spokesperson Tolga (who declined to provide their family name), described the situation in Turkey as “fascist thugs who are attacking people simply exercising their rights to oppose the regime”.
As protester's chants began to drown-out the speaker, more groups arrived to show their support. One newcomer (who wishes to remain anonymous) explained how these are not simply governmental errors; this is part of a bigger picture, rooted in the “feudal-like” systems implemented by the Turkish neo-bourgeoisie. For him, the protestors in Istanbul strike at the throats of the Anatolian Tigers – a new breed of bourgeois coerces with “aggressive globalised policies” who have made money by “selling public property”. This is a place where “women fight pepper spray, journalists have no voices” and students are “laying down their lives” for the fight.
Tolga explained to me how the Turkish Prime Minister has adopted a policy of intimidation, threatening people back to their homes through acts of terror. There are stories “that you and I may not hear in the media.” They tell me of a man who, defying the media blackout, opened their home as a safe-haven to protesters “fleeing from police oppression” through messages on Twitter. Consequently, they were “pin-pointed” by police who went to their home, broke in and “threw the member of this family from the balcony”, plunging them to their death.
On the morning of their death, Abdullah Cömert stated in a series of Tweets that “in the last three days I have only managed to sleep for 5 hours… and have experienced the threat of death…but today at 6am, I am still fighting on.” It is perhaps this testimony to the determination of the Turkish people that best sums up the resolution felt here in London.
Introduction
My primary aim was to predict the sales of an item given the Best Seller Rank on Amazon. Predicting the sales helps me in other use cases like suggesting sellers the best products to sell. My final aim is to provide data insights about any product: How much it will sell as well as when, where and how.
What is Amazon Best Seller Rank?
Best Selling Rank is a ranking system provided by Amazon that is linked to the number of sales of that product. This rank is calculated frequently. An important point to note is that Best Selling Rank is a 'ranking system' and by itself it doesn't mean anything.
A rank of #1, therefore, means that product has sold more than any other product in that category, on that marketplace.
This kind of makes it relatively easy to predict the number of sales of a product if we know the sales of other products ranking close to it.
How did we get the initial sales data? I have been selling professionally on Amazon and have been tracking my own sales vs ranks for all my products in various categories. Additionally I interviewed other professional sellers to get an approximate idea of their sales.
With all the data obtained, cleaned and setup I entered the next phase of design: Choosing the best framework for Predictive Analysis
Enter Spark
At the 2016 Spark Summit Nick Heudecker asked the question Is Apache Spark the future of data analysis?
While there might be some truth to the above chart I tend to believe the Spark has not reached peak hype yet. Or maybe it seems that way from here down under in Australia and probably Spark has surpassed peak in the Silicon Valley.
Spark has played amazingly well with our spring boot application and our standalone machine learning application (Command Line Interface).
Our database is PostgresSQL and Spark CLI programs run weekly reading the PostgresSQL database via JDBC bridge, processes them, builds learning models and saves the trained model to local path.
This trained model is then read by the Spark in Spring Boot to quickly make predictions or process any incoming information from web users in real time. With all the infrastructure setup we had estimated a week to complete the linear regression algorithms or worst case scenario of two weeks if the problem turned out to be the more complex log-linear regression.
Houston, We have a problem
I expected a straightforward linear regression model of type y=mx+b This would have made the problem very simple as Apache Spark has GeneralizedLinearRegression
val glr = new GeneralizedLinearRegression () . setFamily ( "gaussian" ) . setLink ( "identity" ) . setMaxIter ( 100 ) . setRegParam ( 0.4 )
I first plotted the chart on an Excel Sheet as I had already exported the data from SQL to CSV.
The relationship between Amazon Best Seller Rank and number of sales turned out to be like this chart.
So it looked like a log-linear model and I assumed the poisson family of GeneralizedLinearRegression would be a good fit. We changed the GLM family to poisson and ran the tests few more times however the Mean Squared Error & the RMSE was too huge.
I suspect Spark has issues in dealing with sparse data.
We have limited data of our sales and we don't sell products in all categories since Amazon have gated some categories which left us unable to sell or make any observations on sales for those gated categories.
With limited amount of input data, Spark MSE was too high and even for our products for which we knew the sales, the predicted sales were way off the mark.
Over the next few weeks I spent my time trying out all combinations of Regression family on Spark and none of them gave the desired results. I had absolutely no idea on how to proceed now and this reminded me of this quote by Dan Ariely
“Big data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it…”
My last resort was to use Deep Neural Network Learning. I had completed the Andrew Ng course on Machine Learning when they have first launched it and I cannot recommend it enough. Now my aim was to use Neural Network to solve this problem.
We must go Deeper.
I eventually made the decision to keep Spark for big data analysis however we would resort to other libraries for Deep Learning.
I narrowed down my choices to two libraries
I was particularly impressed with this article that discusses how H2O deep learning was used to predict crimes and arrests in San Francisco and Chicago. Since our future use cases are similar where we will be predicting fraudulent users and fraudulent competitors I decided to plunge into Deep Learning using H20 rather than attempting to work around with Spark ML issues.
Sparkling Water-H2O runs within the Spark framework so I could use their integrated framework without replacing Spark. This was a definite bonus for me. Also the documentation was nicely done and I was thoroughly impressed with H2o web-UI , Flow.
I could test my data and algorithms on the browser without writing any code.
The Web-UI provided excellent insights into the data and true to my beliefs, the Deep Learning Neural Networks provided exceptional results.
Using the optimized parameters from H2O Flow, I quickly coded the Deep Learning network in my CLI Program.
val train = result( 'categoryIndex , 'bsr , 'sales ) // Configure Deep Learning algorithm val dlParams = new DeepLearningParameters() dlParams. _train = train dlParams. _response_column = 'sales dlParams. _fast_mode = false dlParams. _epochs = 30 dlParams. _nfolds = 3 dlParams. _distribution = DistributionFamily. gaussian val dl = new DeepLearning(dlParams) val dlModel = dl.trainModel.get //save the model ModelSerializationSupport.exportH2OModel(dlModel , new File( "/data/deeplearning.bin" ).toURI)
On the Web API (Spring Boot) application I read this model in and used it for making predictions in realtime from web users.
def startup (): Unit = { dlModel = ModelSerializationSupport.loadH2OModel( new File( "/data/deeplearning.bin" ).toURI) println ( "Initialization Of BSR Deep learning Module complete" ) } def predict (categoryIndex: Int, bsr: Int ): Double = { if ( null == dlModel ) { startup() } println ( "
====> Making prediction with help of DeepLearning model
" ) val caseClassDS = Seq ( InputBSR (categoryIndex , bsr , 0 )).toDS() val finalresult = dlModel .score(caseClassDS)( 'predict ) val finaldf = asDataFrame(finalresult)( sqlContext ) val predictedSales = finaldf.first().getDouble( 0 ) println ( s"For category index $ {categoryIndex} and BSR $ {bsr} the result is ... $ {predictedSales} " ) predictedSales }
The end result is this:
As you can see from the screenshot, we can only predict sales of products which have Best Selling Ranks for top level category since we have trained the Neural Network with data of sales only from top selling categories.
As we keep collecting data and our algorithm has sufficient confidence to predict sales of lower level categories, the app will start making prediction for more number of products.
This, IMHO, is the best thing about Big Data and Deep Learning. The machine never stops learning and eventually as more data is fed into it, the algorithms automatically start making better predictions.
Someone is going to be in trouble for this! A new photo has found its way online from the set of X-Men: Apocalypse, and as you can see, it shows off Ben Hardy's Archangel costume in its full glory. We've caught glimpses before now, but no doubt the most intriguing feature here are those facial tattoos. This clearly isn't the classic Warren Worthington III from the comic books anyway. Oh, and Olivia Munn still looks downright amazing. Many thanks to CBM user LEVITIKUZ for the heads-up!
As well as returning cast members Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, and Nicholas Hoult,
will also introduce Alexandra Shipp, Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Lana Condor, Oscar Isaac, Ben Hardy, Olivia Munn, and a number of others. The movie is set to be released on May 27th, 2016. What do you guys think of this first look at Archangel?
PARIS — By their own admission they aren't winning any points for style, but Nathan MacKinnon's offensive output helped power Canada to another strong performance at the world hockey championship.
MacKinnon scored a hat trick to lift Canada to a 7-2 win over Slovenia on Sunday. The victory at AccorHotels Arena in Paris improved Canada's record to 2-0.
"I thought the puck was following me around," said MacKinnon, who was named Canada's player of the game. "I had a couple of greasy goals."
MacKinnon also added an assist while Colorado Avalanche teammate Tyson Barrie had a goal and three assists. Barrie now leads all players in the tournament with six points.
"I've just been playing with good guys," Barrie said when asked about the secret to their early-tournament success. "I haven't really done anything too spectacular. It's just a mixture of trying to jump in the play and be available. These guys...there's obviously so much skill on this team, they'll find you."
Brayden Point, Mitch Marner and Jeff Skinner also had goals for Canada while Travis Konecny added three assists.
Chad Johnson made 12 saves in their first start of the tournament.
"It's a little different than in North America with the ice surface and everything," Johnson said of their tournament debut. "It was nice to get in there."
The Canadians built a 5-0 lead before Slovenia got on the scoreboard, with Jan Mursak and Jan Urbas recording a goal each.
"We got a lesson in how to play hockey today and I think, and hope, that we learned something," summed up Slovenia's coach Nik Zupancic after the game.
Gasper Kroselj faced 51 shots in Slovenia's net. They were making their second start in as many days after giving up four goals on 15 shots in the first period of Slovenia's 5-4 shootout loss to Switzerland on Saturday.
"It was one of those games…pucks were going in for us," said Canada's coach Jon Cooper, who believed their team was able to benefit from Slovenia's tough schedule. "They came off an emotional game where they were down and came back to tie, having expended a lot of energy. That was one of the things we wanted to talk about…trying to take advantage of that on teams that play back-to-backs."
Against Canada, Slovenia was without forward Ziga Jeglic, who was serving the first game of a two-game suspension for a kicking incident Saturday.
Canada, the two-time defending champion, is first in Group B. In later games Sunday in Paris, France shocked Finland 5-1 and Switzerland blanked Norway 3-0.
In Group A action in Cologne, Germany, Russia beat Italy 10-1, the U.S. downed Denmark 7-2 and Latvia defeated Slovakia 3-1.
Canada faces its first back-to-back situation as it takes on 0-2 Belarus on Monday. Cooper is planning to go back to Calvin Pickard in net. They backstopped the Canadians to a 4-1 win over the Czechs in their first game of the tournament.
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version had Slovakia instead of Slovenia in the first paragraph.
For a long time I was under the impression that you had to have a valid Visual Studio license if you wanted to use Visual Studio Authoring Extensions for SCOM and/or SCSM. Why, simply because Microsoft's download page says so: “The System Center 2012 Visual Studio Authoring Extensions—VSAE—is an add-in for Visual Studio 2012/2013 Professional and Ultimate which provides Lifecycle Management Tools to support Management Pack Authoring.” – http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30169. Well, with this post I want to prove that page wrong, and show you how to get it working without an expensive license.
First things first; lets get the installation files from Microsoft Download Center:
Visual Studio 2013 Shell (Isolated): http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40764
Visual Studio 2013 Shell (Integrated): http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40777
System Center 2012 Visual Studio Authoring Extensions: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30169
When we have taken care of that go on and install them in the order I listed above.
Now that we have it installed there is one last thing: Visual Studio 2013 Update 2. It can be obtained with Microsoft Update or go to http://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs and scroll down until you reach “Visual Studio Updates”, click the link that says “Install now” then run it to start the update process.
Fire up Visual Studio 2013 Shell and check it out!
I will be writing more about VSAE (powered by the Visual Studio 2013 Shell of course) in the near future, so stay tuned!
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
InFacts published a dossier on 19 May entitled “Press' hateful 8 stories from Brexit debate”. It featured eight of the most egregious stories which have appeared in The Telegraph, Mail Online, Daily Mail and Express since the EU referendum campaign began.
We have since lodged complaints with the press watchdog, the Independent Press Complaints Organisation (IPSO). The one exception is The Daily Mail, which engaged in a dialogue about its inaccurate article saying EU migrants were guilty of 700 crimes a week. It has now corrected the article both in print and online.
The Daily Mail's original report was wrong because it misinterpreted figures released by the National Police Chiefs' Council. In its letter releasing the numbers, the NPCC made clear they were “NOT conviction data”. Rather it looks at “notifications” by the UK to other countries when their citizens are convicted, appeal their convictions, break their court orders or if there are any other updates on their convictions.
Correction in newspaper
The newspaper correction, which appeared this morning on page two under the headline “clarifications & corrections” read: “In common with other newspapers, an article on February 17 said that criminal ‘convictions' for EU migrants had gone up by 40% in five years with 700 being found guilty every week. In fact, as the article went on to explain, the figures related to ‘notifications', which include breaches of court orders and appeals as well as convictions.”
Online corrections
The Daily Mail publishes its stories on the Mail Online but has a different editorial team to Mail Online. The original online headline read: “Criminal convictions for EU migrants leap by 40% in five years: 700 found guilty every week in the UK but less than 20,000 foreign criminals have been deported”
The Mail amended its online headline to read: “Criminal notifications for EU migrants leap by 40% in five years: now there are 700 every week in the UK but less than 20,000 foreign criminals have been deported” [our bold]
An explanation of notification data was included in the introductory bullet-point list, stating: “Notifications are made to other countries when their citizens are convicted, appeal their convictions or break their court orders”
A large table listing the “top ten” EU nationalities “convicted of crimes” was removed.
Throughout the article other references to “criminal cases” and EU migrants “convicted of crimes” were replaced with the word “notifications”.
Other papers
In its “hateful 8” dossier, InFacts identified 13 inaccurate articles. This is more than eight because, in some cases, more than one paper made the same error. InFacts made 11 separate complaints to IPSO. It did not report The Daily Mail, because it was engaged in a constructive dialogue. It also did not report The Telegraph in relation to a false story saying that an EU law chief had ruled Abu Hamza's daughter-in-law could not be deported. IPSO had already forced the paper to make a correction.
Eleven stories in the dossier remain uncorrected. Two of them – in The Telegraph and Express – relate to the same mistake The Daily Mail made in connection with the crime statistics. We are writing to the two papers, copying IPSO, pointing out that The Daily Mail has made its correction and encouraging them to make prompt corrections.
Edited by Hugo Dixon
The Arena do Grêmio, one of the 2014 World Cup venues in Brazil, will have to close one of its stands for its next Copa Libertadores game following the fan "avalanche" in the last round of the tournament.
On 30 January, during Grêmio's 1-0 win over Liga Deportiva Universitaria, supporters celebrated Elano's goal with a celebration in which they collectively rushed to the front of the terrace (video).
The "avalanche" celebration is relatively common in South America, but on this occasion a fence was pulled down and a number of supporters fell into the ditch which separates the pitch from the stands. Several were injured.
The South American Football Confederation said on its website: "Grêmio must close the north side of the stadium where the avalanche took place in the next match. Furthermore, the stadium will be automatically closed [for one or more games] if any other similar problem takes place in the next two years."
Grêmio will also have to pay $35,000 to the confederation.
The Porto Alegre side's next Libertadores match is against Chile's Huachipato in the first round of Group Eight matches.
Scarborough did not appreciate Moore's explanation to an NBC reporter as to why they would not appear on Scarborough's show. Moore rehashed the facts concerning Lori Klausutis , a young intern found dead in Scarborough's Florida office, around the time Scarborough announced they would not seek reelection. Scarborough says Moore accused them of being a murderer:
GOLDBERG: When they have time for me.
SCARBOROUGH: When they have time for you, just tell them to stop going around calling me a murderer or I`m going to have to call my lawyers. Will you do that for me?
GOLDBERG: Well, I`m sure you can get to them yourself, Joe, but I appreciate you having me on. I really do.
Once again, Moore is casually commenting on facts that they reasonably assume the media already knew about. Scarborough will come out with egg on their face, as Peter Jennings did for challenging Moore's apt description of Bush as a deserter. If Scarborough is serious about their threat, then they will suffer a worse defeat than Bill O'Reilly (in going after Franken).
These guys never learn. I hope Scarborough makes Moore's day!
Image copyright AFP Image caption The American NED awards medals for services to democracy
Russia has said it will not tolerate "interference" by foreign organisations after it put a US pro-democracy foundation on a blacklist.
The National Endowment for Democracy (NED), funded by the US Congress, is the first organisation to be labelled "undesirable" under a new Russian law.
Russia's Foreign Ministry warned that "we will never tolerate mentoring and open interference in our affairs by foreign structures".
US officials condemned Russia's move.
The US Department of State called the blacklisting "a further example of the Russian government's growing crackdown on independent voices and another intentional step to isolate the Russian people from the world".
Russia's Foreign Ministry hit back by saying the NED's name was "deceptive" because "it is only non-governmental on paper, while in reality it has, from the moment it was set up, received funding from the US budget, including funding via the channels of intelligence bodies".
The ministry said that analysis of NED projects "shows that they are aimed at destabilising the internal situation in countries which pursue independent policies in line with their own national interests, rather than following instructions from Washington".
According to Russian official data, the NED gave financial assistance worth about $5.2m (£3.3m) to various Russian organisations in 2013-2014.
Russians can now face fines or up to six years in prison if they work for a non-governmental organisation (NGO) branded "undesirable".
Critics say it is a Kremlin move aimed at stifling dissent.
NGOs linked to politics in Russia already face restrictions under a 2012 law requiring them to register as "foreign agents".
President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party accuses some foreign governments of using NGOs in Russia as cover to engineer political change.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The rebels want to create "the right political climate", Farc negotiator Carlos Antonio Lozada said
Colombia's largest left-wing rebel group, Farc, says it will extend its unilateral ceasefire.
The Farc declared a one-month cessation of hostilities last month, which had been due to expire on Thursday.
A negotiator for the group at peace talks in the Cuban capital, Havana, said the rebels wanted to create "the right political climate" for the negotiations.
This time, the rebels did not set a time limit for the ceasefire.
'De-escalation'
Reiterating the rebels' previous calls for a bilateral ceasefire, Farc negotiator Carlos Antonio Lozada said they "demanded a similar attitude on the government's side so that the de-escalation of the conflict can be consolidated".
President Juan Manuel Santos last month ordered bombing raids on rebel camps to be suspended, but the government has so far refused to enter into a bilateral ceasefire.
The government argues that during the last peace negotiations a decade ago, the guerrilla used the cessation of hostilities to re-arm and re-group.
The two sides have been engaged in peace negotiations in Havana since November 2012.
Image copyright AP Image caption The conflict has left some 220,000 people dead since it began in the 1960s
Their aim is to put an end to more than 50 years of conflict during which more than 200,000 people have been killed.
Agreement has been reached on three out of five main topics on their agenda: land reform, political participation by the rebels if a peace deal is reached and drug trafficking.
Farc negotiators first declared a unilateral ceasefire in December 2014, but clashes resumed in April with the killing of 11 soldiers and subsequent bombing raids on rebel positions.
The peace process
November 2012 - Formal peace talks begin in the Cuban capital Havana between the Colombian government and the Farc.
May 2013 - A deal is reached on land reform, one of the most contentious issues. It calls for fair access to land, and rural development, two key causes of the conflict.
November 2013 - The two sides agree on the political participation of the Farc should a peace deal be reached.
May 2014 - Both parties pledge to eliminate all illicit drug production in Colombia.
December 2014 - Farc declares a unilateral ceasefire.
March 2015 - Both sides agree to work together to remove landmines. Colombia is one of the most heavily mined countries in the world.
April 2015 - Government resumes air strikes after the Farc kills 11 soldiers in ambush.
May 2015 - Farc suspends its unilateral ceasefire after government military operation kills 26 rebel fighters.
July 2015 - Farc declares one-month ceasefire
August 2015 - Farc extends ceasefire without specifying for how long
What is at stake in Colombia's peace process?
Donald Trump. Alex Wong/Getty Images
If President Donald Trump or members of their administration told MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough that a National Enquirer hit piece would be published unless they provided the president with better coverage, that would be a crime, a Harvard law professor said.
Laurence Tribe, a liberal Harvard Law School professor who worked in the Obama administration, tweeted that if the White House told Brzezinski and Scarborough that the tabloid would "smear them unless they laid off" Trump, it would be a violation of the anti-extortion statute.
That statute, 18 US Code 872, says: "Whoever, being an officer, or employee of the United States or any department or agency thereof, or representing themselves to be or assuming to act as such, under color or pretense of office or employment commits or attempts an act of extortion, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned."
The statute appears to leave open a window for interpretation. One could read it as covering only extortion directly tied to an amount of money, as another line in it specifies the punishment for an official "if the amount so extorted or demanded does not exceed $1,000." But the statute could also be read to cover any possible "act of extortion," and the National Enquirer incident, if true, could fall under that umbrella.
"If Trump told staffers to extort, they too have committed that serious crime," Tribe, whom Trump once cited at a 2016 Republican primary debate to question whether Sen. Ted Cruz was eligible to run for president, subsequently tweeted.
Alan Dershowitz, the famed attorney and a fellow Harvard law professor, disagreed with Tribe's assertion.
"Threatening to smear someone who smears them is not extortion," Dershowitz tweeted. "If it were prisons [would] be more overcrowded. Jefferson [would] have been imprisoned."
"Why are many libs willing to expand crim statutes/contract constitution in futile effort to 'get' Trump," they said in a follow-up tweet. "Establishes dangerous/bad precedent."
The National Enquirer story, published earlier this month, accused "Morning Joe" cohosts Brzezinski and Scarborough, who announced their engagement in May, of carrying on an affair while married to other people and of using "ironclad divorce deals to keep their dirty secret." Questions about it arose after Trump's vicious Thursday tweets claiming Brzezinski had been "bleeding badly from a face-lift" during a trip to their Mar-a-Lago estate in December, a claim that photos of Brzezinski seemed to disprove.
The pair wrote in an op-ed in The Washington Post on Friday: "This year, top White House staff members warned that the National Enquirer was planning to publish a negative article about us unless we begged the president to have the story spiked.
"We ignored their desperate pleas," they wrote.
Trump's response to the allegation on Friday morning appeared to confirm that such conversations took place.
"Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time," Trump tweeted. "FAKE NEWS. They called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show."
After Trump's tweet, both The Daily Beast and New York magazine published reports about the context of the conversations between the White House and the hosts of "Morning Joe" regarding the National Enquirer story.
White House officials told The Daily Beast that Scarborough had spoken "many weeks ago" with Jared Kushner, a senior adviser and Trump's son-in-law, whom Scarborough is known to be close with, about the upcoming story.
The officials said Scarborough "calmly sought" the advice of Kushner, who "recommended they speak with the president."
But those sources said there was no hostile threat or blackmail attempt in those conversations.
New York magazine, citing "three sources familiar with the private conversations, made public a much different account:
"After the inauguration, Morning Joe's coverage of Trump turned sharply negative. 'This presidency is fake and failed,' Brzezinski said on March 6, for example. Around this time, Scarborough and Brzezinski found out the Enquirer was preparing a story about their affair. While Scarborough and Brzezinski's relationship had been gossiped about in media circles for some time, it was not yet public, and the tabloid was going to report that they had left their spouses to be together.
"In mid-April, Scarborough texted with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner about the pending Enquirer story. Kushner told Scarborough that they would need to personally apologize to Trump in exchange for getting Enquirer owner David Pecker to stop the story. (A spokesperson for Kushner declined to comment). Scarborough says they refused, and the Enquirer published the story in print on June 5, headlined 'Morning Joe Sleazy Cheating Scandal!'"
Trump is close with Pecker, who has run several pro-Trump pieces in their publication in addition to salacious, unfounded stories involving Cruz and 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
New York magazine noted that Trump tweeted last August: "Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and their very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!"
Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
In a Friday statement, the National Enquirer denied any knowledge of or involvement in any discussions between the "Morning Joe" hosts and the White House.
But after Trump's Friday tweet, many were quick to note their not-so-subtle acknowledgment that they had the power to thwart a National Enquirer story.
"Woops, you just admitted you can kill National Enquirer stories if you want," tweeted Judd Legum, the editor of the liberal website Think Progress.
Trump "had power over Nat'l Enquirer coverage of Joe & Mika's private life," tweeted Jonathan Alter, an MSNBC analyst, who questioned whether they "also orchestrated hits on" Cruz, Clinton, or Ben Carson, a 2016 Republican presidential candidate.
Scarborough shot back at Trump's tweet, but their answer led to additional questions.
"Yet another lie," they tweeted. "I have texts from your top aides and phone records. Also, those records show I haven't spoken with you in many months."
But MSNBC told Politico that it would not immediately release those conversations, which caused some to question why the "Morning Joe" hosts and their network would hold back.
"If NBC talent were being blackmailed, threatened by the WH, why would they sit on this for so long?" tweeted John Weaver, the chief strategist for Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich's 2016 presidential campaign. "Or at all?"
Tribe, who said they were confident the White House violated the law with the Enquirer story, tweeted that he'd be pleased if this too became an element of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election.
"It would be poetic justice for Trump if Special Counsel Mueller were to interview @JoeNBC & @morningmika as part of their investigation of WH," they wrote.
A team of Election Commission officers from Delhi on Monday said that the Electronic Voting Machine used in a demonstration in Bhind, Madhya Pradesh, was “faulty” and that it was among the 300 that were sent from Kanpur after the recent Uttar Pradesh elections. The EVM had triggered a controversy after a video showed it generating a receipt for the Bharatiya Janata Party even though state Chief Electoral Officer Saleena Singh had selected the button for the Samajwadi Party.
The officers were flown in from Delhi on Sunday to look into allegations of EVM manipulation and quell concerns of Opposition parties ahead of the by-polls to two Assembly seats in Madhya Pradesh on April 9. Officials told The Times of India that the machine seen in the video was used for voting in Kanpur's Govindnagar constituency during the UP Assembly elections. BJP's Satyadev Pachauri – now a UP Cabinet minister – had won from the Govindnagar constituency.
The Congress has questioned why the EVMs were allowed to be moved from Kanpur to Bhind. Party spokesperson KK Mishra said, “There is a provision [in law] that says that the data in the voting machine has to be preserved for 90 days so that the same can be presented before a court of law if any candidate decides to challenge the election results,” India Today reported.
After leaders of the Congress and Aam Aadmi Party approached the Election Commission, alleging EVM tampering again, the polling monitor said two teams of EC officers, along with technical experts, will be deployed in Madhya Pradesh to ensure that the EVMs and Voter-Verified Paper Audit Trails used in the April 9 by-polls were “to the complete satisfaction of all stakeholders”.
Bhind Collector Illayaraja T, Superintendant of Police Anil Singh Kushwaha and Sub-Divisional Officer of Police Indraveer Singh were removed from their posts after the video surfaced. While an inquiry has been launched against 19 other officials, locals have been protesting against Illayaraja's transfer. They were popular in Bhind for standing against the mining mafia.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal had asked the commission to investigate whether the EVMs used in the last few Assembly elections were rigged to favour the BJP. Kejriwal had met Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi and suggested that ballot papers be used in the country as they had been in the past. The EC, however, reiterated that the EVMs currently in use are tamper-proof and asked Kejriwal to “introspect on its defeat” in the Punjab Assembly elections, instead of doubting the equipment.
The proposal they submitted to city planners in March is clearly ambitious. It would restore at least three rivers, replacing busy roads with a ring of water and parks around the city center. A few lanes for cars would be allowed on the outer edges, but walking, bicycling and mass transit would take precedence. There would be fish and birds living in the river, and driving across to the urban core would mean paying a congestion tax.
“It's urban surgery,” Mr. Cattan said. “It's not acupuncture.”
And yet, what if the patient is too sick for the scalpel? Prophets and young dreamers are rarely very good at diagnosis, and in terms of water, Mexico City is practically on its deathbed. What was once a city of interconnected lakes and more than 60 rivers is now a dusty megalopolis with barely a clean stream or pond, with a broad downtown plaza sinking into what was once a wetland, and with a water supply dependent on sources 250 miles away.
Colonization is the main, but not the only, cause. The Aztecs were the first to alter the natural hydrological rhythms, partly to manage flooding, partly to create a capital that could be easily protected. More recently, industrialization and the rise of the car did their own damage, as various presidents in the 1940s and '50s put roads above rivers to ease the pressure that a growing population put on transportation.
Photo
These days, city officials say there is only so much they can do to reverse the process. “The truth is that rescuing rivers is a really good idea,” said Martha Delgado, minister of the environment for Mexico City. But, they added, “We have limited resources.”
The rivers that are currently a high priority for the city, they said, are easier to fix — like the Río Magdalena in a southern section of the city, which is not covered by concrete, and not rife with sewage. “The Río Piedad is not a river anymore,” they said. “It's just not.”
Mr. Cattan thinks the naysayers are overcomplicating matters. Citing a completed road-replaced-river project in Seoul, South Korea, they predicted that the eight-mile Río Piedad could be revived and turned into a park in two years at a cost of about $1 billion.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Manuel Perlo Cohen, an economist at the Autonomous University of Mexico who coordinated the rehabilitation plan for the Río Magdalena, said that figure was far too low: “If you are going to clean that water, you have to build sewage treatment plants, which can be done, of course, but it means huge investments and a place to build them.”
Plus, they said, the Río Piedad is actually “more of an artificial creation than a natural stream” since it is an amalgam of two other rivers, the Becerra and the Tacubaya, which engineers combined in the 19th century to prevent flooding. “What we need,” they said, “are projects rooted in technical and historic terms.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Nonetheless, not even Mr. Perlo could resist the appeal of stripping away the hated highway suffocating the Río Piedad and replacing it with a healthy waterway. “Right now it sounds like utopia,” they said, “but in two or three decades, we might have the resources and the changes in the city that we need to do it.”
Not that Mr. Cattan, Mr. Montañana and the third leader of the project, Lucie Nguyen, 25, intend to wait that long. They are submitting their plans to architecture competitions, and trying to raise money for more research.
Mr. Cattan, meanwhile, has taken the lead in badgering city officials and friends of Mayor Marcelo Ebrard in e-mails, and sometimes, they admit, at parties after one too many glasses of mezcal. In a moment of greater calm, away from the Viaducto footbridge, separated from plans, diagrams and quotes from Buckminster Fuller (“Make that which you want to change obsolete”), they said their desire for their city was really quite simple. Perhaps even childlike.
“I just want a river,” they said. “A real river.”
A day after Mike Wallace apparently blasted former Vikings teammate Teddy Bridgewater, CBS analyst Rich Gannon called the receiver's comments “laughable” and said they need to take a look at himself.
Wallace, released by the Vikings last week after an unproductive season, signed Tuesday with the Baltimore Ravens and then took an apparent shot at Bridgewater, the Vikings' second-year quarterback. Wallace said they need “a good quarterback … that is proven and can get things done,” and said Baltimore's Joe Flacco fits that bill.
“I would classify them as laughable,” Gannon said of Wallace's comments.
“I think you have to consider the source,” Gannon, a Vikings quarterback from 1987-92 and the NFL MVP with Oakland in 2002, said Wednesday. “He's a disgruntled player that's bounced around. I think it's pretty small as a player (to say that).
“The first thing Mike Wallace needs to do is take a look at themselves in the mirror. If I were him, I'd say, ‘Why have teams basically moved on so quickly (from him).' Basically, he's been a one-hit wonder.”
Playing for Pittsburgh from 2009-12, the speedy Wallace made a Pro Bowl, had two 1,000-yard seasons and secured a five-year, $60 million contract in 2013 with Miami. But Wallace struggled in two seasons with the Dolphins and then had their worst season in 2015 with the Vikings, catching 39 passes for 473 yards and a 12.1-yard average.
The Vikings traded for Wallace last March to serve as a deep threat for Bridgewater, but released them a year later when they would not take a significant cut from the $11.5 million they were due for 2016. Wallace signed a two-year, $11.5 million deal with the Ravens.
“He's been an inconsistent route runner, a guy that does a handful of things well, one of them being straight-line speed, but a guy that has had a difficult time putting it all together,” Gannon said. “And now he's going to go somewhere and think all of a sudden a change of uniform is going to change that?
“Just because you run fast doesn't make you a great football player. Maybe it's not the quarterback. Maybe it's the guy who is running the routes.”
Wallace didn't mention Bridgewater by name. They claimed in a text message to USA Today on Wednesday their comments had nothing to do with Bridgewater and that they had “already talked to Teddy (and they) are A1.”
Wallace on Tuesday lauded Flacco's ability to throw deep, and said they need a quarterback “that can really sling the ball.” Wallace, who averaged 21 yards per catch for Pittsburgh in 2010, didn't have a reception longer than 34 yards in 2015.
“It's never one thing,” Gannon said of Bridgewater and Wallace not getting on the same page. “There are examples of Teddy not pulling the trigger, sure, but there are examples of a guy not being in the right place or not getting the right depth or not making the right adjustment based on coverage.”
Gannon said Bridgewater, entering their third season, is “getting better” at throwing the deep ball.
“When I came into the league, that wasn't one of my strengths,” said Gannon, who played from 1987-2004 and made four Pro Bowls. “It's just getting comfortable with the system and getting comfortable with the personnel. It's a point of emphasis in the offseason, and I think he'll continue to improve as they get better … But for this guy who just walked out the door and he's got to slam the quarterback, I'd just say, ‘Good luck to him.' “
The prospect of SNP participation in a future government of the UK was always going to rile a certain number of extremists south of the border.
But I was astonished when I read the latest article from the highly respected Scottish author, Allan Massie at the weekend.
Quoting Enoch Powell's infamous 1968 "rivers of blood" immigration speech, Mr Massie said that, if the SNP joined an electoral pact with Labour in Westminster after the General Election, there could be widespread political unrest in England.
I will quote them in full so that there is no confusion about what they actually wrote: "If the SNP has the effrontery to prop up a Westminster administration, English anger will have free reign. I don't say the rivers Thames and Mersey will literally foam with blood - but they might well do so metaphorically".
No one quotes from the most inflammatory political speech of modern times by accident. In doing so Mr Massie has brought a disgraceful taint of racial antagonism into a general election campaign. How could he?
And they go on: "The mood in Scotland remains tense and ugly - and those living south of the Border should take note because the mood could quickly turn sour there too ... Democracy is at stake". I don't know what country (or planet) they are living on these days, but it certainly isn't Scotland.
The mood in this country is not "vile" or "ugly" but remarkably calm given the disappointment of the 1.6 million who voted for independence in September. The referendum was conducted with maturity and good humour, on the whole. The only significant unrest - the Murphy egg aside - was the Loyalist invasion of George Square, and even that was exaggerated.
Since September 19, there has been not a hint of violence on Scotland's streets. The legions of Yes voters have simply knuckled down to the task of furthering their aims through the ballot box. Yet this is now being represented as some kind of anti-English act of aggression.
Here is Max Hastings, historian and former editor of the Daily Telegraph: "We thus face the bleak prospect of five million Scots determining the fate of almost 60 million people in the rest of the UK."
The Scots have every right to participate in this election and SNP members have every right to be represented in Westminster and participate in government if that is how the dice falls. All MPs in Westminster are supposedly equal.
Indeed, was this not precisely the mission statement of the Better Together campaign in the independence referendum? That Scots would be better off participating in the UK political system than setting up on their own?
Allan Massie's Powellite diatribe is the extreme form of an attitude that has been widespread in the UK tabloid newspapers recently, though Scottish readers aren't often exposed to it because it is edited out of Scottish editions. The Sun, for example, has been running double page spreads about the threat from a "Frankenstein" SNP-Labour coalition.
There is a casual contempt for Scottish people who are routinely discussed in terms that would be inconceivable were they Afro-Caribbean or Jewish. Take this again from Mr Hastings: "Like the French and Greeks, the Scots seem immune to rational argument about their circumstances and prospects. They simply challenge the Westminster parties to declare who will pay most for their support."
Now, I don't mind a bit of political knockabout. The Tories' General Election poster depicting a smirking Alex Salmond with Ed Miliband in their top pocket is not, in my opinion, offensive. I could equally envisage a Labour poster of Ukip leaderNigel Farage with David Cameron in their top pocket.
And I don't really mind the relentless depiction of Scottish politicians prancing around in tartan with blue faces dragging England by the tail (though I did find the punchline on the Steve Bell cartoon in the Guardian about First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's fondness for "incest and country dancing" to be jarringly unfunny).
But "rivers of blood" is something else. The Scots are being depicted as a kind of "enemy within", an alien force seeking to exert control over England.
It is beyond the pale. We scribblers have a responsibility not to turn a general election into a witch hunt.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain believes that Calum Chambers' early performances for Arsenal underline their vast potential.
The 19-year-old has filled in at centre-back in the absence of Per Mertesacker, and delivered a series of stand-out displays for their new club.
Oxlade-Chamberlain has been hugely impressed by their fellow Southampton graduate and says the best is yet to come from him.
"I thought they were superb for a 19-year-old playing centre back, against really good players" Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
“I'm just trying to take Calum under my wing and show them the ropes,” the England international told Arsenal Player. “He's a really good lad and everyone really likes them - the boys really want to go out of their way to help them bed in.
“We saw them play for Arsenal for the first time at the Emirates Cup and I thought they were superb for a 19-year-old playing centre back, against really good players. I thought they looked very assured and he's going to be a great talent for the club.
“It's really good to see them here. It's almost weird because I can remember being in their position a few years ago - coming from Southampton to a big club like Arsenal - even though Southampton is a big club.
“But to come to a team like Arsenal, he's playing with players like Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez. When you move to a team like Arsenal it's very surprising to start off with, but they have settled in really quickly and all the boys love him.
“He's already trying to look after me, he's on the pitch trying to tell me to switch on and that's a really good sign because it shows he's feeling confident and comfortable and that's what we like to see.
“He seems like he's enjoying themselves so I think he's going to have a good time here.”
Update: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice cinematographer Larry Fong has added some fuel to the fire by responding to this story on Twitter:
Advertisement
How's this for an absolutely crazy story? Collider is reporting that this Thursday, April 16, Zack Snyder will release a 5 second teaser of the upcoming Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice trailer on Twitter. Fans will then be able to sign up to watch the full trailer in a theater on Monday, April 20th.
Honestly, this sounds like such a Christopher Nolan thing to do. You have to sign up to watch it at a theater? I really hope Warner Bros. is putting the full trailer online on Monday, April 20th too. Otherwise, get ready to see the first footage from Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice from someone's iPhone camera!
Whatever happens, you'll be able to see the Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice trailer right here on Batman News as soon as it's released. Stay tuned!
Latino Review has heard the same thing from their sources.
SOURCE: Collider, Latino Review
As we get closer to May 1, the May Day General Strike, called by Occupy groups and allies around the country, is drawing more and more attention and speculation. Although an immense amount of work is going into march planning, convergences, food provision, school walkouts and ways to encourage people out of work and into the streets, I have no way (or desire) to predict the outcomes of these efforts on May 1 and the days and weeks that follow. As I've noted here before, this general strike will look very different from past ones in American history, as it enlists a largely un-unionized workforce, the under- and unemployed -- and students burdened by unpayable debts.
To get a sense of the diverse ideas that a general strike could represent, we need only look at the types of propaganda emerging to promote May Day. The strike posters -- wheat-pasted on billboards, brick walls and subway stations and shared through Twitter, Facebook and various websites -- suggest a vast array of strike activities. I've put together a slide show of May Day posters with the help of Jesse Goldstein, a New York artist and academic and part of the Occuprint collective (which collects, prints and distributes posters for Occupy by raising funds on Kickstarter). From illustrations evoking kite-flying holidays, to images of dinosaurs riding sharks urging high school students to join a walkout, these posters give some idea of the muftifaceted nature of Occupy's plan.
The administration of President Donald Trump is committed to eliminating former President Barack Obama's Climate Action Plan and other environmental initiatives, according to the recently updated White House website.
“President Trump is committed to eliminating harmful and unnecessary policies such as the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the US rule. Lifting these restrictions will greatly help American workers, increasing wages by more than $30 billion over the next 7 years,” the website said.
Obama's climate plan proposed cuts to US carbon dioxide emissions, in part by preserving forests and encouraging increased use of cleaner renewable fuels.
Trump's efforts to boost the US oil and gas sector will help increase government revenues to “rebuild our roads, schools, bridges and public infrastructure,” the website said.
Trump was sworn into office earlier on Friday.
First Published: Jan 21, 2017 01:58 IST
The common cliché to opening a blog has definitely become "leaving _______ was not easy..." so it is with a wide grin and happy heart that I am able to write the next sentence. Leaving Yellowknife was easy. It was August 7th, and well into the 200s for consecutive days on trail. The weather forecasts we were happy to hear but typically ignored on a day-to-day basis were starting to paint a bleak and unavoidable picture. Conditions were only getting less and less favorable from here on out, and the longest, most remote stretch lay in front of us. But it was not only fear of the tundra fall that drove us. We were excited about the landscape and water to come, and, most of the all, that feeling of an inevitable gratification coming to fruition, delayed since January 2nd on the Gulf of Mexico. We were ready, demonstrated clearly by the lack of reluctance pushing off that windy August afternoon...
An important distinction to make here is that while it may have been easy to leave from a mental standpoint, physically distancing ourselves from Yellowknife did not go as well. We made it only a few miles from town before the wind, which had continued to build all morning, put an end to the day for paddling. This was not horrible, as some of us were able and interested in ONE last shopping/food excursion and the Delanos were kind enough to track us down once again and drive us around town. A case of Red Bull and some Hawkins Cheezies later, the towngoers returned to the shorebound, with calmer water ready to be paddled around 8 pm. A short night paddle finally cut the cord, and we were officially off for Kugluktuk. Our route from Yellowknife to the Arctic Ocean involved completing the northern arm of Great Slave Lake and leaving by way of the Marian River, one of two remaining upstream endeavors before the height of land portages over the final divide and then downstream on the Parent and, most anticipated, Coppermine River. Winchell had the distinct pleasure of paddling this route the year prior with the Copper Kids, so we expected things to go pretty smoothly.
And boy did they ever right off the bat! The weather cooperated enough that we were able to sail the majority of our way across the north arm and even Marian Lake before wrapping up the day catching some LUNKERS (colloquially 'big fish') at the first marked rapids on the Marian River. For every picture shown of fish on this blog, there are five just like them, FYI. With that, the last stretch of upstream paddling was well underway. We found our rhythm quickly. The days upstream on the Marian and Emile rivers were much less work than their predecessors, so the conservative estimate of 20 miles per day upstream went more like 25 or 30. And it only got more beautiful every mile we moved north, each lake claimed to be the clearest yet, only to be usurped by the next ad infinitum (although the unofficial consensus probably went to Boland Lake). By August 13th, we were well over half way done with upstream travel and already far enough ahead of schedule to have a layover day without needing to blame the weather. The single layover day only made us stronger. We traveled the remaining 90 miles upstream in three days before arriving at Lake 321, the typical launching point for a series of six portages that take you across the divide and to downstream travel. No one anticipated starting these portages so early. How were we doing it?!? We learned shortly thereafter that it was by the weather's good graces alone. On perhaps the smallest body of water of the trip to that point, we were windbound for three straight days. Yes, three straight days. And not only did the wind blow but the rain fell, and not the predictable misting of the dry far north, but heavy, drenching rain that kept all save for the most intrepid camper (or resigned and reluctant cook) tucked well into wig, waiting for it all to end. By the third day, the rain began to recede, but that only made it colder. For the first time, late fall realities were abundantly clear. Counterintuitively, soreness levels were at an all-time high the morning of August 22nd when we paddled a short distance to begin the portages. Apparently lethargy and atrophy are bosom buddies, and, as Toby Keith reminds us so eloquently by way of song, we're not as good as we once were, but (thank God) we're as good once as we ever were.
And by that I mean to say we showed those portages a thing or two. All said and done, double-portaging accounted for, it came out to about 20 miles in two days before Grenville Lake, the headwaters of the Parent River, and for our purposes, a large tributary of the Coppermine River. To be honest, initial feelings were pretty sour on the old Parent. In the previous year, it had treated the Copper Kids pretty poorly, with low water levels amounting to frequent portaging. However, the wind and the rain we had cursed just days prior were quite the blessing in disguise. We only had a few quick and easy portages between Grenville, Rawalpindi, and Parent lakes, and none (yes, none Copper Kids) between Parent Lake and Red Rock Lake AND poor weather to boot. The three-day-layover debacle was looking more and more like a hiccup rather than the trend. And Red Rock Lake. What else is there to say? Besides Red Rock Lake. And thank you. And long live the Arctic Fox! What incredible memories.
The fun was only beginning. From Red Rock Lake, the Parent joins the Coppermine River, and two consecutive days of rapids await the anxious paddler right off the bat. These early rapids retain an alpine feel, as the tundra we had entered only days before quickly retreated near Red Rock Lake, not to reemerge until just miles before the end. After a lot of fun shooting rapids, the Coppermine calms for around 100 miles, an area aptly known as the 'flats.' Our good fortunes still well-intact, we actually got to sail DOWNSTREAM the final day of flat water as we rounded the Big Bend and approached the canyon section, nearly 60 miles of straight class I, II, and III rapids.
At this point, it was August 30th, and the count down was on. The weather took a turn for the worse that night that would set the trend for the rest of the trip, but nothing could shake the spirits of six guys less than 100 miles short of finishing a trip that had lasted then over eight months, spanning an entire continent. Smiles persisted amidst clouds of black flies, laughs were had clad in sopping wet rain gear, and bleak weather reports from Brad Delano far, far away were casually dismissed despite no evidence to the contrary.
SAN GABRIEL >> Asians in the San Gabriel Valley and beyond joined forces Friday to rally against a proposed Senate constitutional amendment that they said would punish their children for working hard to achieve the American Dream.
Olivia Liao, president of the Joint Chinese University Alumni Association, said Senate Constitutional Amendment No. 5 is racist because it allows public education institutions to give preferential treatment on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity or national origin.
“(Legislators) feel like the Chinese-American community isn't paying attention to politics,” Liao said. “We are concerned citizens. We need to stand up when things are not right; we need to be heard. We shouldn't have any (exceptions) related to race. After all, America is a free country.”
State Sen. Ed Hernandez, D-West Covina, is sponsoring SCA 5, an amendment that would repeal portions of Proposition 209, which prohibited discrimination against people based on their unchangeable identities. If passed, the amendment would allow public education institutions to give preferential treatment on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity or national origin.
About 65 people — including 11 current and elected officials from San Gabriel, Monterey Park, San Marino, Claremont and Walnut — agreed that affirmative action ended with the November 1996 passage of Prop. 209. Bringing the program back, they said, would lower the ranking of the UCs and Cal States.
Hernandez, however, said a lot of misinformation is being circulated about SCA 5. They said the rhetoric being used against their proposed amendment is scare tactics.
Both sides said supporting their stance means abiding by the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment.
“Every student that gets accepted either to the community colleges, Cal States or the UCs will only be admitted by the merits of them as a quality student, whether it be SAT (score), extracurriculars, grades — all of this will be taken into account,” Hernandez said.
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that implementing racial quotas is unconstitutional, they said. SCA 5 is not Affirmative Action. They said it is equal opportunity, meaning student recruitment groups would be asked to consider race, gender and ethnicity as an additional point.
Yet Marina Tse, a former deputy assistant secretary of the U.S. Department of Education, said SCA 5 would create racial division.
“This kind of program needs to be established at the high school level, not at the university level,” they said. “It has the possibility of encouraging administrators and officials to discriminate based on skin color. It has a negative impact on high-performing students and Chinese students. We need to put merit and academic performance as a priority.”
Rep. Judy Chu, D-Pasadena; Assemblyman Ed Chau, D-Monterey Park; the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association; the Southern California Council of Chinese Schools; and the Taiwan Benevolent Association all oppose SCA 5.
By Friday evening, about 96,500 people signed a Change.org petition asking the California State Assembly to vote no on SCA 5.
Among the amendment's supporters are the American Association of University Women, American Civil Liberties Union, Southeast Asia Resource Action Center and California Teachers Association.
From 1995 to 1998 — using pre- and post-Prop. 209 findings — the number of blacks, Latinos and Native Americans in the University of California all declined, according to the most recent online data from the UC Office of the President. Yet the number of Asians rose by 12 percent in the same time period.
The Asian groups at the press conference Friday said their community performed well in school and standardized tests, so these students deserve to be placed in California's top universities.
Not all Asians do well in academics. Generally speaking, Southeast Asian, Pacific Islanders and Filipinos do not do as well as their Indian, Korean and Chinese counterparts.
Hernandez said SCA 5 gives students of all backgrounds a chance to attend California's best universities.
“What makes a society and a country better is its diversity and how we interact,” Hernandez said. “Look at the examples of how we purposely try to diversify. Look at Covered California. It would be discriminatory if we did not try to create communities of interest.”
Carol Raymond/JPL
Thomas Prettyman/Planetary Science Institute/JPL
Thomas Prettyman/Planetary Science Institute/JPL
Thomas Prettyman/Planetary Science Institute/JPL
Thomas Prettyman/Planetary Science Institute/JPL
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA
Norbert Schorghofer/University of Hawaii/JPL
Norbert Schorghofer/University of Hawaii/JPL
Carol Raymond/JPL
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/S.Brunner
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/S.Brunner
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/S.Brunner
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/S.Brunner
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/S.Brunner
Ceres may be a cold, dark, and dead world today, but scientists poring over a trove of data returned by the Dawn spacecraft have found that has not always been the case. Rather, new discoveries of ice on the surface of Ceres and other emerging clues have led planetary scientists to conclude the dwarf planet once had an inner ocean, and perhaps it even harbored life. They discussed their findings Thursday at the annual American Geophysical Union meeting during a news conference.
Ceres is the largest object in the asteroid belt. Since Dawn reached it in early 2015, the spacecraft has returned 54,000 images, 16 million visible spectra, and 21 million infrared spectra. It mapped out the dwarf planet's gravity field in great deal. Additionally, Dawn carries a detector to study the collision of neutrons with the surface of Ceres. Based upon the energy of gamma rays produced by such collisions, the spacecraft can detect various elements at the surface and to a depth of about one meter. In the last two years Dawn has found a lot of hydrogen.
An ocean?
Scientists have good reason to believe that, in addition to hydrates such as OH, much of the hydrogen near the surface of Ceres exists in the form of water ice. This is partly because concentrations of hydrogen, by weight, are double at the poles of Ceres compared to the equator. This fits within a model that suggests that, over time, water molecules on the surface of Ceres would bounce around. During this time, they would eventually sublimate in warmer areas or get trapped in permanently shadowed craters at the poles of the world.
When Dawn flew over the poles, it captured images and other data to find bright deposits consisting of water ice in 10 craters. Ice can persist in such craters on an airless world over billions of years because temperatures are very cold, about 110 Kelvin. Dawn also found ice at the edge of a shadowed crater in the bright, small Oxo crater near Ceres' North Pole. Carol Raymond, deputy principal investigator of the Dawn mission, said this unstable ice was likely recently exposed by a landslide in the crater wall.
Some of Ceres' surface ice probably comes from asteroid and comet impacts, but much of it has probably come from within the dwarf planet. Dawn scientists said all of the new evidence points convincingly toward the existence of an interior ocean in the dwarf planet's distant past. “We can only investigate for the fingerprints on the surface, but we have ample evidence to say the presence of a subsurface ocean was likely,” Raymond said. “I think the data is pointing toward Ceres being an interesting object equivalent to Europa and Enceladus in terms of its potential habitability.”
Making an ocean in the asteroid belt
NASA sent Dawn to Ceres in order to better understand conditions in the primordial Solar System, as the planets formed along with the asteroid belt. At this early stage, as matter in the churning Solar System began to coalesce due to gravitational forces, scientists say that chunks of ice and rock-forming minerals called silicates would have been accreting to form Ceres.
As Ceres added mass, radiation would have warmed the interior of the world and melted the ice. At some point within the first 1 to 2 billion years of the Solar System's formation, scientists expect that Ceres therefore had an interior ocean, perhaps a rather large one. Whether this was some sort of very salty, briny layer of water or a more familiar ocean like those on Earth, and whether its pH level and chemistry would have been conducive to life, remains a subject for further study.
Alas, as the dwarf world drifted far from the Sun and, without an atmosphere, cooled, this ocean would have slowly frozen out. Today, some liquid water likely remains inside, although it is very briny, Raymond said, with a much lower freezing point than less salty water. It's likely this briny water is a source of material for Ahuna Mons, the tallest mountain on Ceres at 4km high and a suspected cryovolcano.
Dawn has two working reaction wheels and enough hydrazine fuel to power them, such that the spacecraft should be able to continue operations through 2017. Perhaps more answers about this intriguing world will be found in subsequent data.
Listing image by NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA
From 939 to 959, England saw the face of five kings. The shortest reign: only four years. For certain, other English rulers experienced abbreviated reigns—Edmund Ironside and Richard III, to name a few—but the consecutively short tenures of these tenth-century monarchs has sparked an interest in some historians and historical fiction writers, as well. Annie Whitehead—author of To Be a Queen and Alvar the Kingmaker—kindly shares their research and opinion on what might have killed some of these early English kings. Was it natural causes or something more sinister?
Breaking News, October 1st, AD 959: King Edwy dies suddenly, aged 19. Their younger brother will henceforth be king of the whole country.
Nobody questions. Nobody accuses. This family has a habit of dying young; it's well documented. The younger brother goes on to reign so successfully that they gain the nickname “the peaceable.” They get a good write-up in the press and all their favourite churchmen get Sainthoods.Case closed.
Case closed.
Hmm. Okay. Well, we can't examine the facts, because that's all we've got – Edwy died. So let's do a little bit of detective work, because while the chronicles of the time called it death, I like to call it murder.
First of all, let's take a look at this family of “Ed” kings who had such a propensity to die young:
In 937 Athelstan, grandson of Alfred the Great, had won a decisive victory over the Scots and Irish, but died two years later. For whatever reason, they neither married nor produced offspring. Commentators kindly speculated that this was because they were nobly saving the throne for their brothers, but I don't think so. They were not their full brothers, and I have reason to suppose that they were not overly enamoured of their half-brothers (but more of that later.)
Well, whatever the truth of the matter, when they died the throne passed to their half-brother, Edmund. It seemed the royal line of succession was assured when Edmund's wife bore them two sons. But Edmund died when their sons were aged just 6 and 2 and they themselves was only about 25.
The boys, considered too young to rule, were overlooked and the crown then passed to another of Athelstan's half-brothers, Eadred. They managed to chase Erik Bloodaxe, the notorious Viking, out of York, but the effort seemed to have exhausted them because he, too, died realtively young at around the age of 32. They were unmarried and childless.
So the line of succession went back to their little nephews, the sons of Edmund. The eldest of the two, who was by this stage aged about 15, was crowned king. Edwy (Eadwig) was famously good-looking. In fact, they were caught in bed on their coronation night with their wife…and their mother. They were not, it's fair to say, universally loved. And waiting in the wings was their little brother, Edgar. They actually remained fairly little throughout their life, but being short of stature didn't stop Napoleon (yes, I know that fact's been discredited in recent years, but it suits my point).
A lot of ink has been spilled in the debate over what happened next, but it seems that Edgar rather wanted to be a king and didn't really want to wait for their brother to die. Edwy tried to ingratiate themselves with the nobles by giving away land, but it seems they were not swayed, and in 957, two years into their reign, Edwy's kingdom was carved up, with their younger brother being declared king in Mercia and Northumbria. Edwy was left with Wessex.
So far, so peaceful. After all, it was not unprecedented to divide a kingdom among sons – remember Athelstan? When their father died, Athelstan (his natural firstborn son) was declared king of Mercia, while their eldest half-brother was given the kingdom of Wessex. But … Mysteriously, and extremely conveniently, that half-brother was dead within four weeks, and Athelstan became king of both countries (which at this time, effectively meant being king of the whole of English England.) Now, I'm not accusing Athelstan, (okay, I am!) but I really don't think they liked their half-brothers overly much!
Anyway, back to 957, and the two brothers who are sort of sharing the kingship. Edgar, the littlest, holds court in London and Edwy, the elder brother, remains in the Southwest. Yet for some reason, in the autumn of 959, Edwy's to be found in Gloucester, which is not in Wessex, but the heart of Mercia. And then, on the 1st of October, aged just nineteen, they drop dead. At the time, there was no suggestion of foul play. But there's something which needs to be borne in mind: Remember Edwy's bedroom shenanigans on the night of their coronation? After they were chastised for having over-friendly relations with their wife's mother, they banished Abbot Dunstan, who was subsequently recalled from exile by Edgar and became one of the leading lights of the monastic reform movement, and was eventually canonised. Dunstan's hagiography was written, like all chronicles at this time, by a monk. Clerics writing the pages of history will tend to write favourably about those who have been generous to them, or who they think have been most pious. Edgar was known for their piety and for their support of the monastic reformers, and there is simply no chance that any finger of suspicion would have been pointed, much less would the accusations have been committed to vellum.
Yes, the men in the royal family had a habit of dying young. Yes, it's quite feasible that Edwy choked, or had undiagnosed heart failure, or just had a surfeit of something, which was quite a favourite way to expire among later medieval kings. But add to this the fact that the new Archbishop of Canterbury, a political rival of Dunstan's, also died in mysterious circumstances that same year, allowing Dunstan to become Archbishop in their place, and it's starting to add up to something a bit more suspicious. I have no proof, of course, but absence of evidence didn't help Richard III's case much, either. Those little boys in the tower could also have died of natural causes. But does anybody believe that?
Here's that little family tree again, just because those Ed names can get a bit confusing. And a little footnote: See ‘Edward the Martyr'? History sort of repeated itself, because when Edgar died, (aged 32, no foul play suspected) they left two young sons by different mothers. The eldest was crowned, but was murdered, allegedly by retainers of their stepmother, on behalf of their half-brother, who then became king. Sound familiar?
“Edwy's cause of death remains unknown.” Yep, but I think I might have an idea…
Annie Whitehead is a history graduate who now works as an Early Years music teacher. Them first novel, To Be A Queen, is the story of Aethelflaed, daughter of Alfred the Great, who came to be known as the Lady of the Mercians. It was long-listed for the Historical Novel Society's Indie Book of the Year 2016. Them new release, Alvar the Kingmaker, which tells the story of Aelfhere of Mercia, a nobleman in the time of King Edgar, is available now, and is the story of one man's battle to keep the monarchy strong and the country at peace, when successive kings die young. Attempting to stay loyal to all those who depend on him, they must make some very personal sacrifices. Annie is currently working on the novel which was a prize-winning entry in the Mail on Sunday Novel Writing competition and which they were encouraged by judge Fay Weldon to complete. To keep up with Annie's research and writing, follow them on their blog or on Facebook.
Did you enjoy this article? Well, there's more where that came from! Check out the archives of this blog or peruse the sidebar for a list of trending posts. To make sure you don't miss out on Andrea Cefalo's latest articles on Medieval Europe, follow this blog or sign up for the newsletter.
Pandora is giving the uninitiated a free taste of its Premium service.
According to a press release, the company is offering access to music on-demand without a subscription: For the first time, listeners can search and play songs, albums, and playlists by viewing a single 15-second ad to unlock a complimentary session of Premium. This is a new experience for non-Premium customers and presumably is being offered in an effort to boost the company's Premium subscribers; a rep for the company said it has negotiated a competitive royalty rate with its label partners.
While the rep declined to reveal how long the free session will last, a source says the window of time will be long enough for listeners to sample several forms of content (songs, albums, playlists, browsing).
The company is also offering its more standard services, both the on-demand and autoplay options.
The move is among the first under Pandora's new president and CEO Roger Lynch, who took over in September. Cofounder Tim Westergren stepped down as CEO late in June, shortly after SiriusXM acquired a 19% stake in the company and three seats on Pandora's board. The was a digital radio pioneer but has lost ground — and many millions of dollars — in recent years in its attempts to become a full-service streaming company as it lost listeners to services like Spotify and Apple Music.
The company got a boost in the form of a $480 million investment from SiriusXM announced earlier in June and $200 million from the sale of its Ticketfly business to Eventbrite; the latter venture, an attempt to integrate ticket purchases with its streaming service, was an awkward fit that saw the company offloading the acquisition at a big loss after its October 2015 purchase for $335.3 million (not $450 million, as widely reported).
MONTREAL—Once the ace in the NDP's election deck, Quebec will probably—as of now—remain a wild card until the Oct. 19 vote. With the NDP bleeding support in Quebec, Thomas Mulcair needed to stand head and shoulders above the competition at Friday's second French-language leaders debate to have a shot at staunching a debilitating hemorrhage.
Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe, left to right, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau, journalist Pierre Bruneau, Conservative Leader Stephen Harper and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair poses for photos before the start of a French-language debate in Montreal on Friday. ( JoaÉ¬´l Lemay / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The last published poll, done by Léger Marketing just before the debate, reported a tightening four-way battle in the province between the NDP, the Liberals, the Conservatives and a back-from-the-dead Bloc Québécois. In the bigger national picture, that trend would dash NDP hopes for a victory this month. It is not that Mulcair had a bad debate night, but rather that they fell short of dominating the leaders podium.
Article Continued Below
In particular, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau, who was described by most Quebec pundits as missing in action at the time of the first French-language debate a week and a half ago, was much more proactive on Friday. Conservative Leader Stephen Harper and the Bloc's Gilles Duceppe also had strong moments over the course of the two-hour debate. The niqab issue that has acted as a catalyst for a steady drop in NDP fortunes in Quebec did not come up until the second half of the debate. Both Mulcair and Trudeau put up a more spirited defence of their opposition to the niqab ban than they had to date. But with an overwhelming majority of Quebecers—including most members of its political class—overwhelmingly in favour of requiring Muslim women to unveil their face to take the citizenship oath, this is not the ground on which either of them can expect to score a lot of points in this province.
Mulcair's success or lack thereof on Friday rested on their capacity to change the channel. On that score, NDP strategists must have hoped that there would be a deal at the ongoing Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations in Atlanta in time for Friday's debate.
Article Continued Below
Both the dairy and the auto industries are concerned that they will pay the price of Canada's admission to a massive free trade zone across the Pacific. In the event of a deal, Mulcair is expected to zero in on the concessions involved in securing it. They declared on Friday that an NDP government would not feel bound by a trade deal struck by the outgoing Harper government. But with the trade talks continuing over the weekend, the still hypothetical deal made for an elusive target. Polls show that regime change remains the primary objective of a majority of Quebec voters. But with the Liberals now ahead of the NDP in national voting intentions, Mulcair's case for sticking with a party liable to form a government rather than returning to the Bloc Québécois (or voting for the Conservatives) for the sake of a niqab ban stands to be interpreted by more than a few voters as an argument for supporting Trudeau. Based on their performance as the lead opposition player in question period, Mulcair was initially the leader most expected to shine on the debate podium of the 2015 campaign. Instead of sealing their deal with voters, they lost ground at every step of the debate process. Trudeau and Green Party Leader Elizabeth May were the main beneficiaries of the Maclean's debate. Held on the first week of the campaign, it provided the Liberal leader with an early opportunity to reverse their party's downward trend in voting intentions. May succeeded in giving voters reasons to want them back in Parliament after the election. The Sept. 17 debate on the economy saw Mulcair lose the edge in the battle over which leader best incarnates change to their Liberal rival. The first French-language debate, one week later, put Harper and Duceppe back on the Quebec map. They both got a boost out of the niqab controversy at NDP expense. On Monday, Trudeau and Harper outgunned Mulcair on the podium of the foreign policy debate. Over the past three years, Mulcair had consistently impressed in the role of prosecutor-in-chief of the government. But coming out of the five-round debate fight, they are not even the leading contender for their former job of official opposition leader. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Them column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
BlackBerry still isn't quite ready to announce when its BlackBerry Messenger for Android and iOS apps will launch, but it certainly feels like they're getting close. Just days after user guides for both apps appeared online, a semi-complete landing page declaring that "BBM for Android and iPhone is here" briefly went live this morning on the Canadian version of BlackBerry's official website.
The page has since been yanked and now leads to a regular ol' sign-up page, but during the time that it was live, it included a list of BBM's highlight features, such as delivery and read receipts, photo messaging, voice notes and BBM Groups. The page also mentioned that features like BBM Voice, BBM Video and screensharing will be made available to Android and iPhone users this fall. Rounding out the landing page was a FAQ with answers to basic BBM questions like "What is a PIN?," "Is BBM free?," and "How do I personalize my BBM profile?"
Someone at the University of New Hampshire thought buying a $17,570 dining hall table was a good idea. It would allow UNH dining staff to demonstrate healthy cooking techniques for students — not to mention the fact that it features a flashy top with LED lights.
But, just weeks after its installation, the university admitted that spending so much money on a table probably wasn't the best idea.
“Purchasing a custom-made chef's table for the recently renovated Holloway Commons costing thousands of dollars should not have happened,” said university spokesperson Erika Mantz. “Steps have been taken to ensure it is a mistake that won't be repeated.”
Advertisement
The custom chef's table was added to the university's Holloway Commons Dining Hall, which reopened in January after a $10.5 million renovation. The table, which seats 16, was not part of that project. Instead, Mantz said it was funded through the Hospitality Services budget.
Dining hall operations director Jon Plodzik told the university's student newspaper, The New Hampshire, that the $17,570 price included “delivery from the workshop in Chicago, which we considered reasonable for a custom piece of furniture made exclusively for UNH.”
Soon after the table was delivered, The New Hampshire reported that the LED light display wasn't working. The Union Leader spoke to a student who sat at the table when it was operating correctly, and they didn't seem impressed.
“I ate at it once,” Maddie Dombrowski told the paper. “It lit up. I ate my food, and I left.”
Other students, noting that the table cost almost exactly as much as one year's in-state tuition—$17,624—took to social media to voice their concerns.
"UNH says $17,570 table in dining hall was a mistake" SO THATS WHERE MY TUITION MONEY IS GOING — Cynthia (@sydneeeeeyj) April 28, 2016
Just found out UNH spent $17,500 on one table in the dining hall. It's fine though, I'm not drowning in debt — James Marsh (@Jrmarsh44) April 22, 2016
im gonna be in debt for the next 7 yrs of my life but good news UNH spent 17 grand to put a light up table in the dining hall!!!!! — Marissa Bair (@marissa_bair) April 22, 2016
The university has consistently been named one of the most expensive public colleges in the nation, but Mantz said it takes pride in its “long track record of fiscal responsibility.”
“Having a chef's table was a good idea in that it allows the dining staff to interact with students, demonstrate healthy cooking techniques and share nutrition education,” Mantz said. “But much less money should and could have been spent to achieve the same outcome.”
When: Sunday, November 23 – 2:00pm to 5:00 PM
Where: Hacklab.TO! 1266 Queen Street West, (Buzz Suite 6 or 12) Toronto, Ontario M6K 1L3 (map)
Hacklab.TO will be be hosting a 100% free-to-attend CryptoParty in partnership with Toronto Crypto. All and any are welcome! No experience required, cryptoparties are all about learning!
A few topics will be covered:
Secure web-surfing with Tor Browser Bundle
Understanding Heartbleed: An introduction to SSL (HTTPS)
Mobile phone security and how it affects you
Format of the CryptoParty:
Talks regarding the topics above will range from 10-20 minutes each, with each talk accompanied by a interactive station. These stations will provide in-depth experience to help attendee's better learn security and privacy through interaction. Toronto Crypto is always looking to improve their experience, so please come with questions that are important to you!
Questions? Contact us or tweet at @TorontoCrypto
Full details and RSVP (not required) at https://torontocrypto.org/
SHARE:
ESF's American Chestnut Trees Make Return in NY
For the first time in more than 100 years, iconic tree has chance to survive
5/6/2015
Scores of young transgenic American chestnut trees developed at ESF will take root this spring across New York state, representing one more step in the restoration of a once-dominant species that has virtually vanished from the landscape.
Spindly "plantlets" about a foot high will settle into the ground under a U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) permit in Central, Western, and downstate New York, locations where their growth will be controlled and monitored as the newly developed strains undergo a rigorous federal approval process.
"It's just one more step toward the restoration," said Dr. William Powell, co-director of the American chestnut restoration project at ESF. "The ultimate goal is to bring back the American chestnut tree."
Trees will be planted on ESF property in the Syracuse area, at a site in the Zoar Valley of Western New York under the direction of the New York chapter of The American Chestnut Foundation (TACFNY), and in Westchester County on property owned by the historic Camp Fire Club.
"TACFNY has been helping to support the ESF chestnut project for 25 years. We couldn't have done it without them," said Powell's co-director on the project, Dr. Charles Maynard, also of ESF.
Members of the Camp Fire Club, a 118-year-old organization of outdoorsmen and conservationists, organized a planting on their land to both support restoration efforts and teach youth about the value of connecting with nature.
"We wanted to help provide a test site and have a youth education day," said Preston Bruenn, the club's Conservation Committee chairperson who is also an ESF alumnus (ES) from the Class of 1986. "The members of this club have such a connection to the American chestnut tree. Our main lodge was constructed from American chestnut in the early 1900s. As soon as they heard there was a chance to help in the restoration process for the species, they jumped at it."
Powell, Maynard and their research team have developed new strains of American chestnut that can withstand the invasive blight that killed billions of the trees in the early 20th century. The scientists added a single gene from wheat to the tree's genome; the additional gene allows the tree to detoxify the oxalic acid produced by the invasive fungus. Lab tests show that subsequent generations of trees are also blight resistant and produce gluten-free chestnuts.
The trees being planted this spring have been nurtured so far in ESF greenhouses. Because the transgenic trees have not yet been through the full approval process, their growth must be monitored, the planting sites must be available for inspection and the research team must ensure they do not reproduce yet.
Powell said the trees are too young now to reproduce. They hope that by the time they are old enough, which is likely to take at least seven years, the necessary approvals will have been granted by the USDA, Environmental Protection Agency and Food and Drug Administration.
Between 12 and 18 trees will be planted at each location this spring along with a similar number wild-type "mother" trees. The mother trees are not blight-resistant but they can eventually breed with the transgenic ones to produce a new generation of blight-resistant trees with increased genetic diversity.
"We can plant more trees over time," Bruenn said. "We wanted to help supply a test site and, internally, we wanted to do it as a youth education day. The kids will be out here planting with us. We hope it will help instill a conservation ethic in the kids early on."
For Powell, the chestnut project has long been focused on the children who will grow up to see these trees mature.
"It's for future generations. They are the ones who are going to see the trees come back," they said. "The kids who are helping with this project now can come back in 50 years with their grandchildren and say, 'I planted these trees.'"
The devil was furious! Hell was frozen over!
Tortured souls were no longer being burned in hellfires because they were snuffed out by freezing temperatures.
The volcanos stop spewing lava, and became encrusted in ice.
Lost souls were having a good time skating on the ice that formed over the rivers of fire throughout hell.
What made it especially galling for the devil was that it was all their own doing that caused the situation!
For decades, they worked with their minions on earth to infiltrate governments and to cause as much havoc as possible. One of the devil's pet projects was convincing gullible humans that they weren't polluting the planet, and that climate change was fake news.
They hand-picked, pliable, politicians told people global warming was just an excuse to hold back progress.
All the politicians had to do was deny facts, sell their souls, and make sure fossil fuels continued to spew into the atmosphere unabated.
For eons, the devil's tactics bore fruit and the planet became so polluted people could no longer eat fish from the ocean or rivers. Gray blankets of smoke smothered cities from New Delhi, India to Los Angeles, California.
The smog became so thick people could taste it. Those who could afford it wore stylish gas masks, while the poor had none.
The oceans rose eight-feet in some parts of the world, leaving places like Florida little more than half the land size it had two decades ago. The east and west coasts of the United States were completely reconfigured by the rising waters.
Massive rogue electrical storms in the sky and stratosphere made plane travel treacherous. Intense heat spurred fires across the globe. Water tables dried up in heavily populated desert areas like Palm Springs, California.
But in hell, the changes were welcomed by the suffering souls. The parts of hell that didn't freeze over were warm with tropical climates, lush fruit trees, and plants.
The devil had outsmarted himself.
As It Stands, I always thought the devil and global warming might have a connection.
Share this: Google
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pocket
LinkedIn
Telegram
Skype
Tumblr
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Months ago, before the presidential election, ad agency J Walter Thompson asked me to join a panel at South by Southwest (aka SXSW) on “trolling,” which was a term assigned to my Rep. Steven Smith Twitter parody account by Time magazine writer Joel Stein in an article last fall. I had never heard of SXSW or the agency, but my many liberal Facebook friends assured me this was a high honor and to definitely participate. I agreed.
The advertising forum was about protecting brands from online attacks from trolls, mostly harassing commenters (with whom I have extensive experience), and it turned out to be a lot of fun. It was filled with banter, camaraderie and a fun Q-and-A at the end. It received favorable reviews in advertising-related publications, which was wonderful, especially considering that I had never done anything like this before.
About a week before I was set to leave for SXSW, Google's internet integrity protection unit Jigsaw contacted me–not via phone, email or any other normal means, but via journalists who had interviewed me about the Rep. Smith account in the last year, Joel Stein of Time magazine and Molly Taft of BuzzFeed. They both direct messaged me on Twitter saying a Google rep wanted to talk to me about joining an SXSW keynote addresses being given by Yasmin Green. At the time I didn't know this, but the “keynotes” are the biggest speeches at the festival, with audiences in the thousands. Prior speakers have included Barack Obama in 2016 and Joe Biden this year.
I was informed that the panel was about “fake news,” to ultimately understand what should be done about the phenomenon in terms of filters and censorship. I was reluctant to participate, given that Google supported Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign (and possibly even manipulated search results for her). Furthermore, I was swept into the “fake news” media narrative just three months earlier by the New York Times, when I was taken out of context and scapegoated for a shooting incident by tech and business reporter Cecilia Kang; this “reporter”–based on absolutely no evidence at all–claimed that I inspired a gunman to violently investigate whether Hillary Clinton was running a child sex ring out of a pizza parlor in the District of Columbia–aka “PizzaGate.”
My involvement in the scandal boiled down to a one-sentence quote—taken grossly out of context—in which I said there were “clues everywhere” (by which I meant there were several suspiciously-worded Podesta emails, YouTube videos, art and Instagram pictures comprising the theory, which when combined—correctly or not—explained the public reaction). I did not tell Ms. Kang that Hillary Clinton ran a child sex ring, I disavowed the violence and I refused to back the theory. At one point, I even asked Ms. Kang whether I was the proper person to interview, given my lack of involvement in the story.
Later that night, the NYT released a melodramatic article that minimized my evidence-based approach to investigating the story while highlighting Ms. Kang's crazy gunman-parody conspiracy theory. Nevermind how ridiculous that the theory of Hillary running a child sex ring sounds, or that I hadn't written about or even promoted PizzaGate as a true story on my parody account. Nevermind that I had never had any contact with the “gunman” at all, in any way—not via meetings, clubs, groups, interests, Twitter follows or any other known means. My cardinal sin was that weeks earlier I had criticized Ms. Kang's prior fact check of the scandal because it “checked” almost no meaningful facts at all. In fact, Ms. Kang even intentionally left out facts that would have helped resolve the speculation:
The NYT's wild and conspiratorial speculation about my involvement as the shooter's “inspiration” was disproven within 48 hours by a subsequent NYT interview with the “gunman,” who had no connection to me at all. Three days later, after Ms. Kang's crazy gunman-parody conspiracy theory completely fell apart, the NYT finally did a journalistic “fact check,” which just happened to use the same exact techniques I suggested the tech and business reporter use during our interview—acknowledge the emails, videos and artwork, then combine the raw facts with other evidence that disproves the speculative aspects of the theory—aka Journalism 101.
Notably, there was never a single fact check of any part of the nearly 30-minute interview I did with Ms. Kang by their editor, Pui-Wing Tam (a first in my experience with journalists working with major news outlets), nor was a single reference provided from my Twitter account to support the claim that I had “promoted” anything about PizzaGate. The reporter didn't even spell my name correctly, which the editor missed too, and the NYT had to issue a correction several days later—it was that sloppy. The article's crazy conspiracy content, out-of-context quotations and lousy editorial fact-checking were less reliable than those of most tabloids, such as these, which have more supporting evidence for Obama's “secret gay life” than the gunman-parody conspiracy theory ever did at all.
Further, the timeline between the first gunman-parody conspiracy theory article and the actual fact check was only six days. However, within a few days of the first gunman-parody conspiracy article's release, several parasitic news stories were published in various outlets, including legal publications, such as the American Bar Association Journal, which questioned my ethics as a lawyer while ironically basing these criticisms on an uninvestigated, unchecked, out-of-context quote by a conspiracy-minded and unreliable reporter–trash in, trash out.
Real ethics complaints were filed and dismissed, anonymous threats were made by phone, email and even US Mail. All it took to defame my career was one out-of-context quote by the same news outlet that uncritically sold us the Libyan War and Iraq War, and even led the untruthful and one-sided narrative about the officer-involved shooting in Ferguson–which collectively considered inspired hundreds of thousands–possibly millions—of unnecessary deaths, division, displaced families, and even the rise of ISIS. But like Stalin once said, “One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.”
But before assuming these “fake news” snafus were simple mistakes, recall that the NYT has intentionally incited violence in the past, such as when it published Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson's home address after they were not indicted following the justified shooting of Mike Brown. Officer Wilson was later cleared of wrongdoing by the Obama Justice Department, yet while the case and protests were still raging the NYT played journalistic Russian roulette with Officer Wilson's life by geo-locating their home for psychopaths and killers to target. There is no journalistic purpose for such disclosure. Many other officers nationwide were shot in “retaliation” and even murdered as a result of the “fake news” flowing out of the NYT Ferguson narrative. This, among many other historical examples, strongly suggest that the NYT is staffed with sociopathic thugs, not journalists.
After these awful experiences, I was reluctant to participate in any forum pushing the “fake news” narrative as yet another excuse for Hillary's loss. But, at the same time, it's obvious that if we don't fight back against censorship now, and it manages to seep slowly into our internet searches, we risk letting search engines start enacting content bans, acquiesce to content labels and tacitly agree to quality filters without as much as one peep of argument against these forms of censorship. For that reason alone, I decided to do the forum.
Although we agreed not to make the forum “about politics,” I couldn't help but discuss how I made the account to mock the do-nothing GOP establishment, about the deep divisions in our misunderstood and fractured party, to question how our extremely unpopular leaders in Congress (Ryan and McConnell) remain in power, the reasons for the Trump movement and—most critically—how “fake news” is not only fake facts posted on shady no-name websites, but also real news that the mainstream media isn't covering or is intentionally distorting into propaganda narratives for the Democratic Party.
Prior to being wrangled into the ridiculous “fake news” gunman-parody conspiracy theory by the NYT, my account was the subject of two other “fake news” narratives: the “Bernie Bros” and the “alt-right.” Glenn Greenwald (of Snowden fame, now at the Intercept) was so disgusted by how the “Bernie Bros” narrative evolved and actually affected Sanders that they wrote an excellent investigative article that traced the whole narrative back to a comment I made using my parody account about a New Yorker TV critic. It was the ultimate “fake news” to suggest that a parody account for a GOP member of congress supported Bernie and represented their sexist gang of “Bros” against Hillary, which had no basis in fact at all.
Does this sound made to order for the New York Times? It was. They used the “Bernie Bros” narrative many, many, many times in stories. Even worse, at least one New York Times editor claimed the Bernie Bros “attacked women.”
As for the “alt-right” nonsense, which was popularized as a term after Joel Stein's article on trolls and pushed by a very white Hillary Clinton soon thereafter as a synonym for calling Trump supporters “RACIST!”, I have one answer: I'm biracial (caucasian and Arab), come from an even wider multiracial family, and was even fostered/adopted early in life to add a “racial identity” issue into the mix. Calling me a “white supremacist” has about as much proof supporting it as the gunman-parody conspiracy theory or my charter membership in the Bernie Bros—just more “fake news” from the “real news” outlets.
I was paired for the Google forum with a left-leaning writer, Jestin Coler, who really did produce “fake news” by any definition for their own for-profit websites. In the waning days of the election, they created a website called the Denver Guardian and published a story about an FBI agent's murder-suicide, which implicated Hillary Clinton because this agent was supposedly investigating their use of the private email server. The crowd made an audible gasp when they said 1.6 million people saw this story in the last 3 days before the election. I seriously doubt it had much of an impact on the election outcome, but it sounded like it could have.
Ironically, in a twist nearly exactly the opposite of Mr. Coler's FBI “fake news” article, I had the opportunity to use my parody account to help release critical investigative information about Hillary's email scandal, after which I wrote a real news story in my own name about the amazing internet sleuth who discovered the evidence on Reddit, which we released on September 18, 2016. This newly-discovered information resulted in FBI Director James Comey being grilled in testimony 10 days later by the Judicial Oversight Committee, even to the point of being asked several times whether they would reopen the investigation. Notably, this was less than three months after Hillary was “cleared of wrongdoing” by the FBI. By any definition, the Reddit post discoveries and Comey testimony were huge stories.
Yet this real news was practically buried by the mainstream media, receiving brief and dismissive coverage by CNN due to the evidence being discovered on Reddit, and apparently no coverage at all by the NYT.
By contrast, just a few weeks later CNN had no problem using Reddit to viciously attack town hall debate question-asker Ken Bone for their sexually-suggestive posts. Ignoring the email story wasn't an issue of running out of space within the news cycle–it was simply an issue of bias and censorship. The “fake news” was what was being left out of the real news, not to mention CNN's outright bullying of one of the sweetest and nicest guys involved in the entire 2016 election campaign.
I also used my account numerous times to help share Wikileaks Podesta emails that were similarly buried, such as this gem involving a $1,000,000 birthday gift from Qatar to Bill Clinton in 2011:
A Yahoo News writer covering the conference claimed people may have walked out of the forum under protest because I said Wikileaks releases were under-covered or even ignored during the election. Maybe that irritated the journalist types in attendance, but what that reporter and most others don't get is that the public doesn't trust the tabloid narratives of the “fake news” mainstream media anymore—they trust sources like Wikileaks and alternative media.
After being falsely led into the Iraq War, the post-Ferguson officer murders, the debacle in Libya, the rise of ISIS and many other instances where “fake news” narratives directly inspired real death, division, and destruction; after being sold horrible trade deals like NAFTA that destroyed our economy; and after being told every day that Hollywood celebrities should be watched for hours, worshipped and even emulated, people are waking up to the idea that maybe these makeup-drenched phonies in the mainstream media aren't the ones who should be giving us advice on how to live or run our government. The democratization of information is now. There is no going back.
If you'd like to watch Yasmin Green interview Jestin Coler and I at the Google forum, here is a link. My own part starts here at 17:35. However, the brief part that made participating completely worthwhile is right here:
One image that has lived on over the past week when sifting through the sights of the Mayflower oil spill has been one of a house in the Northwoods subdivision with a sign in the front yard that reads, "SOLD." Someone bought a house just before one of the most bizarre events that could happen to a new resident of a neighborhood.
"Hey, congrats on the new house."
"Thanks. It's a big responsibility."
"By the way, have you seen the news today? Seems like your new street is covered in oil."
"What?!"
"Yeah. Didn't you realize your house sat on top of a crude oil pipeline that has been there since the 1940s?"
"No one told me that."
When purchasing a home, you usually get a laundry list detailing the state of the house; everything from termite activity and lead paint to foundation repair and roof damage. The seller should tell you of any issues seen or unseen that may impact the enjoyment of the property or home.
Not required, though, is the disclosure of items and easements such as those related to the recent oil spill. Granted, a survey of most properties will find some of these items, but many people sign the waiver. If a subdivision house has been surveyed before, and it is in good shape, who needs to go through that hassle again, right?
But it is something to think about. It isn't guaranteed that a survey will reveal underground pipes like the one that ruptured in Mayflower on March 29.
Ten years from now, could an unsuspecting person purchase a home in Northwoods subdivision unaware that a major oil spill occurred?
Maybe, maybe not.
There are aspects of what has happened that would be required in disclosure, but the house not directly impacted might not have to disclose proximity to the pipeline.
Really?
Yep.
Our legislature, given the expansion and heavy activity of oil and gas industry in the state, might want to consider a specific requirement of disclosure during real estate transactions regarding the proximity a house has to any residential, commercial or government-owned utility seen or unseen at the time of a purchase — such as oil pipelines. "Buyer beware" does include the need for diligence in checking all the public information you can find when eying a property.
Thankfully, pipelines and other information might appear on a plat or in sometimes easily found records online. However, let's remember that the buying process can be overwhelming for first-time buyers. Banks and insurance companies might see the benefit in a more full review of properties during the purchase procedures throughout Arkansas.
Sometimes the most bizarre incidents can happen to homeowners, but maybe this could be a trigger to placing more rules that protect a future home buyer. At the least, it's a good reminder to think through every possible scenario before signing the dotted line.
A battered mother of one died after their violent lesbian partner beat them so badly that it left them 'looking like the Elephant Man,' a court heard today.
Becky Reid, 32, regularly battered mother-of-one Lyndsey Vaux, 30, leaving them 'looking like the elephant man' with their whole head so badly swollen, Manchester Crown Court was told on Tuesday.
Reid along with their mother, Gillian Reid, 57, are both jointly charged with the murder of Miss Vaux and grievous bodily harm on another woman, Samantha Newns - a previous partner of Becky Reid.
Paul Reid QC, opening the case for the prosecution, told the jury of six women and six men: 'The prosecution case is that each of Becky Reid's two partners was subject to years of controlling, abusive, cruel and violent behaviour at the hands of Becky Reid.
Pictured left is Gillian Reid leaving Manchester Crown Court, where they are accused of murder and GBH alongside their daughter Becky. Pictured right is victim Lyndsey Vaux
'Although there were times when Gillian Reid did try to stop their daughter being violent, there were occasions when Gillian Reid themselves joined in the assaults against each of the two women.
'Indeed it appears that there was a pattern to Becky Reid's behaviour whilst in a relationship - domineering, controlling and increasingly violent and forcing their partner to beg for money in order to feed their own alcohol and cannabis habits.
'She manipulated both of their partners to the extent that their fear of them was so great and their self esteem was so low as to make it impossible for them to break away from them or to seek help.'
Earlier the court heard bisexual Miss Vaux had a child and lots of friends in Stockport before they began a relationship with Reid in 2009 and moved to the Wigan area.
But in the months before they died on May 22 last year, Miss Vaux appeared downtrodden, malnourished, hungry and thirsty and was constantly bruised and going downhill rapidly after suffering months of abuse, allegedly at the hands of both mother and daughter.
When questioned the victim would make excuses for their injuries and refused to get the police involved, the court heard.
On the day they died Gillian Reid called an ambulance to the house the three women shared on Sydney Street in Platt Bridge, Wigan, with Becky telling medics their partner had 'just collapsed.'
Lyndsey had lost eight stone in weight and a post mortem revealed 90 external injuries as well as serious internal injuries, including rib fractures.
When questioned the victim would make excuses for their injuries and refused to get the police involved, the court heard
Experts concluded they died not from a single fatal injury but from the combined effects of multiple injuries.
After their death neighbours and local shopkeepers in the area came forward to say Miss Vaux was regularly seen being attacked, on one occasion Gillian Reid climbing off their mobility scooter to kick Miss Vaux in the ribs.
As police investigated their death they became aware of an earlier partner of Becky Reid who was also beaten up by both mother and daughter.
Samantha Newns met Reid in an online chat room for lesbians in 2004 and they began a relationship which became increasingly violent.
Miss Newns, now aged 37, said they were assaulted around 50 times by Reid, who would be 'foaming at the mouth' as they punched, kicked, stamped and swore during attacks on them
They broke off the relationship after a final attack in June 2008 left them with a missing tooth and a fractured eye socket.
Mr Reid added: 'It is the prosecution case that Samantha Newns was lucky in that they managed to extricate themselves from their abusive and destructive relationship with Becky Reid before they suffered the same fate as Lyndsey Vaux. Lyndsey Vaux was not so lucky.'
Both defendants deny a single charge of murder and one count of grievous bodily harm.
The trial, expected to last up to six weeks, was adjourned until tomorrow morning.
In this video from Zoos Victoria, we get to meet Healesville Sanctuary's twin 4-month-old male platypuses. So cute, these odd little guys.
Their handlers have had their eyes on the tykes from birth, thanks to a camera embedded in their underground burrow. Platypus newborns don't leave the burrow for four months, so the zookeepers didn't know what they'd see: “It was a bit like peeking into the nursery window for the first time,” says the sanctuary's researcher Jess Thomas.
When they were born, the twins were about the size of jelly beans. Two little, duck-billed jelly beans. Now, at four months, they're about half of their eventual, adult size. They're also off their mother's milk, and are, essentially, fully independent.
The twins aren't identical—one is a little bigger than the other. They also have different personalities. One, “Wriggles,” is a go-getter, generally brave, and the first sibling in the water and swimming. Their brother is a bit more timid— they call them “Shy”—hesitating a few days before taking their first dip. Shy also likes to hide, burrowing under their handler's chin, although in the video they don't seem too sure about this. The handler's reaction got me wondering if platypuses bite: They don't. They don't have teeth, but they do have spurs on their legs with a venom that can cause a really nasty sting.
A member of the Israeli security forces gestures towards Palestinian men while they wait to cross Qalandia checkpoint between Ramallah and Jerusalem, in the occupied West Bank, 2013. (Photo Issam Rimawi/APA Images)
An Israeli investigation has revealed a 23-year old Palestinian woman and their 16-year old brother were killed last week at an army checkpoint in Jerusalem by civilian security contractors, not soldiers.
The siblings who were killed, Mariam Abu Ismail and Ibrahim Taha, were en route to Jerusalem on April 27th, having received their first permit to enter Israel from the West Bank. Abu Isamil was supposed to have medical treatment in Jerusalem. Unfamiliar with the procedures of Qalandia checkpoint, the main military artery into Israel, the two wandered into a vehicle lane where pedestrian traffic is prohibited.
According to a police inquiry, Abu Ismail and Taha were told to leave the vehicle pathway. Abu Ismail then thew a knife at officers. A soldier discharged warning shots, but a private contractor fired rounds into the two Palestinians killing them. Witnesses said they heard seven shots.
Contractors are allowed to use force, but unlike soldiers who are monitored by army investigators, there is no automatic internal review mechanism for security companies. The Israeli Ministry of Defense has said it will conduct a probe at a later date.
The shooter, whose identity was not disclosed, is likely employed by the $180 million Israeli security conglomerate Modi'in Ezrachi.
Modi'in Ezrachi has personnel working in eight checkpoints in the West Bank including Qalandia, according to a report published in January by the Israeli human rights group Who Profits. The security company provides civilian security to government agencies, settlements—including 11 illegal outposts—and at the Western Wall plaza. Job listings from the group target veterans or persons with marksman skills, although “no experience necessary.”
The company's website says its workers guarding checkpoints “balance between security needs and the needs of those residing in the State of Israel and the Palestinian Authority,” continuing, “and does so with great success.”
In 2010 a Modi'in Ezrachi guard killed a Palestinian from East Jerusalem. The contractor was never criminally charged. The Association for Civil Rights in Israel then filed a petition in the high court to remove private contractors, citing their lack of transparency and accountability.
“The private guards' norms of conduct are vague and unknown to the local population,” said the group. “It is unclear who is in charge of receiving complaints against them and what measures can be taken, and although the law requires security guards to wear name tags to guarantee accountability, this requirement is overlooked.”
The case was lost, and failed to gain traction within Israeli society on the use of private security.
Privatized checkpoints first appeared in 2006, after the Israel's parliament voted for contractors to control or support 35 of the 96 checkpoints in the West Bank. The decision to add private-sector operatives was made in the context of a general build-up of checkpoints following the second Intifada as a means to streamline and manage the increased forces.
Who Profits found budget constraints prevented a full exchange of forces. Companies are awarded more than $200 million per year to provide civilian security forces.
Today contractors are posted at 12 checkpoints in the West Bank in conjunction with the Israeli military, and inside dozens of settlements. Who Profits reported they amount to 135,000 private guards, of whom 50,000 carry fire arms.
Initially Israel hoped the civilian guards would smooth uneasy encounters.
“The idea is to make the checkpoints civilian,” Ministry of Defense spokesperson Shlomo Dror told the Financial Times during the first phase of the rollout.
“The Palestinians will meet civilians not soldiers. Nobody likes security checks. But what we are trying to do is to make it easier on the one side and, on the other side, not to skip security needs.”
Yet private contractors brought with them stricter regulations. They had written out guidelines for searches while at the time the military did not, wrote Who Profits.
When stationed at checkpoints contractors are hired on as inspectors, tasked with interfacing more closely with Palestinians than the Israeli military or border police. The civilian agents do not wear identifying badges and often dress in uniforms that do not include a company insignia.
Despite a wide swap out of soldiers for forces for-hire, many Palestinians are unaware private security contractors work at Qalandia checkpoint.
“Most of the people who go through the checkpoints cannot distinguish between these two groups,” Who Profits said. Although there is a popular line of questioning raised by private contractors and not the military: food.
Who Profits noted contractors are unbending on the prohibition. “The regulations are very strict and they deal with every small detail such as the amount of food a Palestinian working in Israel is allowed to bring with him. The arbitrary allotment prohibits, for example, bringing in big bottles of water and oil or cooked meals.”
A second private Israeli company, Sheleg Lavan, operates in a further seven checkpoints in the West Bank.
Aside from inspectors, security contractors support checkpoints with high-tech systems of identifications. In addition to presenting their identification cards, at Qalandia Palestinians workers with permits to enter Israel must undergo fingerprinting and facial recognition tests. The software is sold to Israel's Ministry of Defense by the American company Hewitt-Packard. Who Profits said the technology was developed with a subsidy from the U.S. government, a line-item in the Wye River Memorandum, or the 1998 round of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.
Another contractor, G4S Israel, sells machines for full body scans conducted at checkpoints. The company is an Israeli-owned subsidiary of the British-Danish group known for operating private prisons, Group4Securior(G4S).
A crazy cat lady's living room as imagined by curators at Los Angeles' new Animal Museum. (Photo by Lawrence Pierce)
LOS ANGELES — The city of Angels is known for a lot of things. There's Hollywood, earthquakes, beaches — and the use of pets as fashion accessories. Like many cliches, that last one contains a degree of truth.
It's not uncommon to see people here stepping out in stilettos with couture bags stuffed with pooches, or shuttling past panhandlers to coo over a pup. Some pets even eat directly from their owners' plates. Not everyone fits the stereotype, of course, but at times it seems there's a compassion for cuddly cuteness above all, especially if your pet-cessory is Birkin-bag-sized and your star power is paparazzi-level.
Fittingly, there is now a museum here dedicated to this four-legged fetish. Welcome to the Animal Museum.
[DNA evidence helps free a service dog from death row]
The 6,000-square-foot space tucked into an industrial corner of downtown L.A.., is sandwiched between factories-turned-galleries and design studios — fashionable digs for a very fashionable cause. Inside the museum, which had its soft launch in October, there's an exhibit entitled “Crazy Cat Ladies,” a pop hodgepodge spanning film and literature to paintings and cat lady “facts.”
“Being a crazy cat lady can be immensely rewarding, but it can also be very stressful,” one plaque reads. Another reports that “One in four Americans feed stray cats, so many of us have crazy cat lady tendencies!”
A banner tells the history of cat companionship, and a pamphlet informs that “Guys Can Be Cat Ladies Too.” There are Buddha-like effigies of felines, a shrine with candles and an image of a cat-faced shiva, and even a rendition of what one crazy's living room might look like. There you'll find cat calendars, curios and family photos, a feline mise-en-scène tied together by a small television airing a loop of a black cat playing drums followed by a trio of kittens staring up in awe as animated cats fly by on a rainbow. Scrawled across the screen is this wistful phrase: “Can't hug every cat.”
The comedian Kevin Nealon with their rescue dog in a photo featured in the Animal Museum's “Fashion Tails” exhibit. (Photo by Devin Dygert)
Another museum wing is dedicated to “Fashion Tails,” a display of dozens of framed glossy photos of actors and their animals. The museum's co-founder and primary funding source, animal-welfare activist Ellen Lavinthal, calls it an Annie Leibovitz-esque homage to VIPs with their rescue pets. Among them are shots of the comics Kevin Nealon and Jason Alexander posed with pooches, pizza and playing cards.
[Scientists just can't stop studying falling cats]
The goal of the Animal Museum is to bring “a historical perspective of the animal protection movement since the Industrial Revolution,” said Lavinthal, who started the project as a pop-up exhibit in 2010. “This is the first museum of its kind in the country, if not the world, to show the human-animal relationship. What we want is to empower people and encourage change.”
Oddly, the museum does not offer visitors any direct way to help animals. There's no collection of donations for animal conservation or welfare organizations, though there's lots of information on pet rescue and adoption. And that's too bad, given that the museum's board includes names like Ellen DeGeneres and Shepard Fairey, whose fame could probably be leveraged for fundraising.
Lavinthal said they don't plan to donate proceeds to animal organizations; ticket sales, which range from $5 to $7 for visitors older than 12, are intended to keep the museum afloat. “It's expensive to keep this going,” they said.
Ellen Lavinthal, a longtime animal welfare activist, co-founded the Animal Museum. (Photo by Pierce Lawrence)
Whatever the museum's philanthropic bona fides, Lavinthal said they believe “having all these issues in a museum provokes thought.” The project was years in the making, they said, a longtime dream of theirs and a troop of like-minded socialites and creative types.
Decades ago, Lavinthal gave up a budding law career for their first love: animals.
“After my bar results, I started walking dogs,” they said, adding that they rank their love for pets above their love for people. Today, they said with a laugh, they own a number of pets that is “above the legal limit.”
Marriage to a music industry veteran afforded their 30 years in what Lavinthal calls “the movement.” Them street cred includes being arrested for protesting the Farmer John meat company and helping to spearhead the 2012 West Hollywood city ban on fur. Along the way, they have drawn critics who question their dedication, accusing them of eating meat and what might be the ultimate offense for an L.A. animal welfare activist: toting a designer leather handbag.
“I am a vegan,” they said. “I eat a plant-based diet.”
The museum is located in a hip district of former warehouses in downtown Los Angeles. (Photo by Lawrence Pierce)
Lavinthal insists they want to educate the public, and that means attracting visitors. Friends in high places could be their pocket aces.
“Having had animals my whole life and been active in pet charities, as well as creating products for pets, I think the Animal Museum is awesome,” says Bret Michaels, the frontman of the glam metal band Poison and an honorary board member of the museum. “What a great way to showcase the ongoing connection between us and our animals, as well as to promote the rescue and adoption of all animals.”
Will this make a difference in puppy mills, animal testing or abuse — or at least change the way we view crazy cat ladies? If some of the names in the pictures on the wall show up in person, maybe so. In this strange land of celebrity where image trumps all else, Lavinthal's Animal Museum might not be so crazy after all.
Read more:
The dog ate my pot brownie: Legalization fuels increase in stoned pets
New technique may prevent the gruesome deaths of billions of male chicks
There is only one pig in Afghanistan. Their name is Khanzir.
The spooky history of how cats bewitched us
The free rein that medical marijuana dispensaries have had in the city of San Diego is over as interim Mayor Todd Gloria has directed city staff to enforce the current law which doesn't allow the businesses to operate legally.
Gloria made the announcement Thursday during their first weekly media briefing since replacing Mayor Bob Filner, who resigned Aug. 30 amid a sexual harassment scandal. Gloria updated reporters on a wide variety of issues, from managed competition to the Chargers stadium plans, but the biggest news dealt with dispensaries.
The new directive ends a period of lawlessness that began in January when Filner ordered police and code enforcement officials to halt their investigations into dispensaries. Filner wanted to allow them to be open while the city considered implementing a new ordinance to regulate the businesses.
Eight months later the city still doesn't have an ordinance and at least 15 medical marijuana dispensaries opened illegally without rules under Filner's lax enforcement.
Also of interest What's cropping up in San Diego?
Gloria said he's working to get the new ordinance before the City Council in January after it's reviewed by community and planning groups. They said they can't allow the existing dispensaries to remain open because it would be rewarding bad behavior.
“What we have to do though is provide a legal way for them to exist,” Gloria said. “Our current situation does not work. The solution is not to ignore the law. The solution is to change the law to allow them to operate in an effective fashion. What I want to do is provide some certainty for the patients who need it and to the neighborhoods who are afraid of it so we can tell them what the rules of the road look like. Right now we have none.”
Eugene Davidovich, local coordinator with the group Americans for Safe Access, a pro-medical marijuana group, said he's disappointed that Gloria is focusing on shutting down dispensaries rather than getting a new ordinance adopted.
“Right now it's on the back burner, but eradication is not on the back burner,” Davidovich said. “And that's very sad because really who suffers here are the patients. ... Today they have a place that they can maybe go into and get their medicine. Instead of focusing on creating an ordinance, a place, a reliable location for them to get the medicine, he'd rather shut everybody down. They're not going to have that access tomorrow or the next day. It's very sad.”
State voters have approved the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes yet it remains illegal under federal law. Local municipalities have struggled with how to regulate the drug given that dichotomy.
The bottom line is dispensaries aren't legally permissible in any land-use zone in San Diego, and those that are open are in violation. Dozens of complaints have been filed with the city, yet no action was taken under Filner.
The proposal under consideration would limit dispensaries to some commercial and industrial zones and require them to be at least 1,000 feet from each other as well as schools, playgrounds, libraries, child care and youth facilities, parks and churches. They also must operate as nonprofits, have curtailed business hours and hire security guards.
Gloria has hit the ground running as interim mayor and on Thursday gave updates on the progress he's made on numerous issues facing the city.
“It's my hope that we can get many of these pending items cleaned up so that when I turn over the keys to the Mayor's Office to the next guy or gal that a lot of these issues will be resolved,” they said. “That was part of my thought process in choosing not to run (for mayor) so I could dedicate my full attention to this job and make sure that many of these issues, a lot of them that are critical and need urgent attention, get that full attention. In two weeks, I think we've done a significant amount of work.”
Among the highlights from the media briefing, Gloria said he:
In 2017, the issue of male suicide made it into government papers, tabloid front pages and onto the lips of the royal family. The amount of discourse around mental health reached previously unfathomable levels, and we seemed to see the beginnings of a major cultural shift in thinking around masculinity.
This year more than 65,000 conversations have taken place through our helpline and webchat, with 399 suicides directly prevented. Suicide remains the biggest killer of men under 45 and it's people like you and the huge array of wondrous things you do that allow us to provide this vital, life-saving service.
Things like 64,650 miles cycled, 130,000 feet skydived, 18 companies choosing CALM as their Charity of the Year, 2,509 hours volunteered by 174 volunteers, and over 1,500 people running, gigging, comedy-ing, golfing, playing football matches and much more.
This relentless dedication means that awareness of suicide as the leading cause of death for men under 45 now sits at quadruple what it was in 2006. In the last year alone we've seen a 30% increase in national awareness, which now sits at 43%. We're frankly in awe of your generosity and hard work and it's a privilege to be part of this campaign with you.
As we wind down for the holidays and get excited about an even bigger 2018, we look back at the big moments from the year that was…
1. Comic Relief helped us celebrate 200,000 calls
﻿
In March 2017, we celebrated 1,000 suicides prevented and 200,000 calls to our helpline with the excellent ‘(T)hugs' film, by Klaas Diersmann.
2. Two Princes talked to CALMzine
Off the back of the royals' Heads Together campaign, we landed an exclusive interview with The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, in which William said “the male suicide rate is absolutely appalling”. These strong words were splashed across several newspaper front pages on 18 April, with CALM's message going national on BBC News, Channel 5 and Sky News (before we were kicked off the perch by Theresa May's snap election announcement!).
3. We spent a summer's night with Danny Boyle
We were delighted to interview Danny Boyle live on stage in August at their beloved film and arts festival, Shuffle, discussing Trainspotting T2, middle-aged masculinity and the joys of creative self-expression.
4. We revealed L'Eau de Chris was ludicrous!
Another nationwide news bomb for CALM on World Mental Health Day 2017 as we teamed up with Topman, Rankin and new ambassador and star of Love Island, Chris Hughes, to reveal the true story behind ‘L'Eau de Chris' – bottled water infused with their very own tears. The #DontBottleItUp message reached 12 million people in just 48 hours sending the message that it was indeed ludicrous for men to bottle up their feelings.
5. The CALM Photography Movement launched
Scott Shillum and Steve Wallington, both of whom have lost family and friends to suicide, founded the Calm Photography Movement with support from our partners Topman and Lynx. The project focused on mental health and masculinity by inviting professional and amateur photographers to shine a light on what it means to be a modern man. More than 20,000 photographs were entered, culminating in a beautiful exhibition and auction Getty Images Gallery in London.
6. Dan Keeley ran 1,250 miles from Rome to Home
﻿
On25 August 2017, Dan Keeley set off from the Colosseum and began their Rome To Home adventure. The 1,250 mile solo runs was a platform for Dan to share their story of dealing with bipolar disorder and to raise funds for CALM. 65 days after leaving the Colosseum, they arrived at the London Eye and crossed the Rome To Home finishing line!
7. We published suicide notes written by men who survived
To mark World Suicide Prevention Day we published three real suicide notes in ten national newspapers. They were hard to read, shocking in fact. But more shocking are the facts behind these three individuals' stories. CALM's website went on to receive one month's worth of traffic in 24 hours.
8. Elbow released a beautiful Torch Song
Torch Songs returned bigger and brighter in 2017. Saturday 22 April 2017 was Record Store Day so to celebrate our beloved independent record stores, and the power of music to lift us out of life's low points, English rock legends Elbow released an exclusive 7” vinyl Torch Song – a cover of ‘August & September' by The The.
9. We winged out over 100,000 beermats
To mark International Men's Day 2017, we invited CALM supporters around the UK to #ManYourLocal by getting #ManDictionary beermats in pubs, clubs and cafes. 100,000 beermats winged their way onto tables and under pints across the nation, sparking conversations with piss-take puns and musings on the life of modern man.
10. #TeamCALM smashed the London Marathon
The crescendo of the Heads Together campaign – 42 #TeamCALM runners joined 40,000 others at the London Marathon on Sunday 23 April, raising more than £125,000 to prevent male suicide, CALM's largest ever figure from a challenge event.
11. We sent off Secret Garden Party party with a bang
We upped our game considerably for the last ever Secret Garden Party with CALM's very own Torch Songs stage. Brilliant gigs from Annabel Allum, Tom Grennan, Croox, Ned Dylan, The King's Parade and Alice Jemima accompanied endless cuppas and biscuits in CALM's legendary Tea and Secrets tent.
12. Tour De Test Valley reached £250,000 in fundraising
﻿
970 riders saddled up at the 2017 #TourdeTestValley in honour of pro-snowboarder and top gent, Nelson Pratt. In just five years riders have raised almost £250,000 for CALM. Ride On Nelly!
And a bonus 13. #ChangeThePicture launched on International Men's Day
In partnership with 360i Europe, CALM launched #ChangeThePicture – a campaign aimed at challenging restrictive male stereotypes. We invited twelve men to reveal the unexpected truth behind photos they'd shared on social media. Together their stories defy the masculine stereotypes that the images convey and reveal unexpected vulnerability.
Want to take a closer look at the impact CALM is having? Read our Impact Report for 2016-17.
“If you have a child with cancer, you wouldn't wait until they had reached stage four cancer before starting treatment. It's no different with an eating disorder, because if you delay treatment, then the illness becomes more ingrained and more difficult to treat.”
Ulrike Schmidt, professor of eating disorders at King's College London (KCL), is explaining why they and a team of medical personnel have begun helping young adults suffering from anorexia and bulimia to start specialist treatment within weeks rather than the months of delay that are so common across the NHS. The first episode and rapid early intervention for eating disorders (Freed) trial has only been going for nine months but has so far given patients – mainly young women – access to vital treatment in an average of 33 days rather than the usual time of between four and eight months.
It's unusual to find eating disorders sufferers who take part in treatment as willingly – parents are utterly delighted Prof Ulrike Schmidt
Its initial results show that cutting long waiting times makes patients much more likely to engage with the treatment; reduces the high dropout rate from such care; helps patients recover more quickly than normal; and is hugely appreciated by patients and their parents. Although only 45 patients have so far benefitted from this innovative approach at the South London and Maudsley (Slam) NHS foundation trust, it has the potential to help end what Schmidt calls intolerable waits for urgent treatment.
“We have transformed the care and lives of these young people. We can already see that this is really making a difference,” said Schmidt. “People's recovery is brought forward so much, patients actually engage in treatment – it's unusual to find eating disorders sufferers who take part in treatment as willingly – and parents are utterly delighted. Eating disorders are such a burden on families, in which every meal is a battle and you worry that your child might drop dead because of the sudden death associated with anorexia, that parents are very glad to have such expert help so early and to be so involved.”
In most eating disorder services, up to 40% of patients drop out for complex psychological reasons, and the risk of that happening is higher the longer they have to wait to start. Dropout used to be 30% from Slam's eating disorders service; it is down to 13% among Freed patients.
Funded by a £75,000 grant from the Health Foundation charity, Freed offers speedy treatment to 18- to 25-year-olds whose anorexia or bulimia has begun within the past three years. It is delivered by Schmidt, a psychiatrist, two clinical psychologists and two nurses.
“It's vital to get in there and tackle an eating disorder as early as possible. That's what we're trying to do. People with longer illnesses have structural and functional changes in the brain so that the brain can appear shrunken. The longer starvation goes on, the more it makes behavioural patterns relating to eating habits more ingrained. This can cause extreme fluctuation in blood salts that lead to fits and also high levels of stress hormones that can be toxic to the brain.” Rapid treatment was particularly important for anorexics – about half Freed's caseload – because their health could deteriorate the most sharply without specialist help.
Preliminary analyses by the Freed team suggested that its early intervention helped patients with anorexia normalise weight more rapidly compared with patients from a clinical trial undertaken in Slam's eating disorders service, where patients had to wait for treatment, said Schmidt. “The numbers are, as yet, small but it looks like Freed patients achieved full weight recovery at six months after starting treatment, whereas the patients in the clinical trial had not quite caught up at 12 months,” they added.
Prof Sir Simon Wessely, president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, welcomed Freed's early results, which could ultimately speed up eating disorder treatment across the NHS. “This is an important pilot initiative which acknowledges that time is of the essence when treating young people with eating disorders. It is a novel service built around the patient, rather than expecting patients and their families to fit into the service. It is a model of good practice that should be made widely available so other young people can benefit beyond south London,” they said.
How I got back from anorexia Read more
Wessely, who is also a professor at KCL and an honorary consultant at Slam, added: “The weight loss and starvation that comes with severe eating disorder have serious physical effects, including on brain development, which can reduce the chance of recovery. So preventing this from happening is a major priority.”
Recent research by Beat, the eating disorders charity, found that 41% of patients had to wait more than six months to get diagnosed and start treatment, and 19% at least a year. Lorna Garner, Beat's interim chief executive, urged ministers tointroduce maximum waiting times for treatment, given those already exist for patients awaiting planned care in hospital for physical health problems.
“While there is a powerfully enforced 18-week waiting time target for physical health, with financial and political incentives and penalties, there is no such guarantee for mental health conditions. Mental health conditions are no less serious than physical ones. Why shouldn't they receive the same priority?” Garner said.
Chuck Tingle, famous author of sexy stories, has after a few days of furious writing released a $3 piece of Pokémon Go erotica. It features, believe it or not, lots of balls. And butts.
Advertisement
The book is called Pokebutt Go: Pounded By ‘Em All. Here is the description:
Torbit is worried. After witnessing a slew of dazed roaming men and women buried in their phones, he's beginning to think that this might be the start of a terrifying zombie film. Upon further investigation, however, Torbit realizes that they are all playing a hot new mobile game, Pokebutt Go. Curious to see what all of the fuss is about, Torbit plugs in and sets out to capture a nearby Pokebutt within their own balls, but when they arrive at the location of this rare beast, Torbit suddenly realizes that they might have bitten off more than they can chew. Now face-to-face with a handsome yellow bigfoot named Peebaroo, who sports a zig-zag tail, Torbit realizes that the only way to catch this majestic creature… is within the depths of their own butt. This erotic tale is 4,000 words of sizzling human on gay Pokebutt action, including anal, blowjobs, rough sex, cream pies, and digital monster love.
Advertisement
And here, if you need it, is an excerpt:
Surely Tingle is on Team Instinct.
If you're still unsure on what's going on here, try this Observer profile on the author from last year.
Tim Palmer reported this story on Monday, November 2, 2015 12:42:53
TIM PALMER: Paul Ehrlich's book The Population Bomb dropped like one on its readers in the late 60s.
It presented an apocalyptic vision of humanity strangling the globe through overpopulation, and the dystopia it predicted was to arrive within 20 years; hundreds of millions would starve to death in North America in the 80s; Western societies like England would cease to exist in a generation.
The book sold in its millions.
Paul Ehrlich concedes they blew the timing. They didn't foresee the great scientific advances in crop production - the Green Revolution - that averted the threat of mass starvation in the 70s and 80s.
Ffor decades, they paid the price: derided as the ecologist who cried wolf.
But they don't think he's wrong, and in a new book - Killing the Koala, Poisoning the Prairie - the Stanford Professor in Population Studies sets out more reasons why our current way of life is very much on borrowed time.
PAUL EHRLICH: Basically it all boils down to us over-consuming; that's a function of having too many people, and too many rich people, consuming too much per person. Of course, there's roughly two to three billion people on the planet who don't consume enough, so we have a very complex situation.
My colleagues have attacked me on that. Jim Brown, a member of the National Academy, said that Anne and I were crazy to say there was a 10 per cent chance of civilisation surviving; they say it's only 1 per cent.
So we're having a battle over that.
TIM PALMER: Are you prepared to put a timeframe on that? Given that timeframes have in the past caused some-
PAUL EHRLICH: No, no, time frames are difficult. I wouldn't put a time frame on it, but I would say I would be very happy if I knew now that my great grandchildren in 2060 or 2070 could still lead something like the life that you and I lead.
TIM PALMER: So only 50 years away? Civilisation-
PAUL EHRLICH: It could be less.
TIM PALMER: -will meet that challenge. What would you identify as the single greatest impending challenge to civilisation?
PAUL EHRLICH: There are a couple of things that we would call discontinuities. For instance, I and many other people think that the chances of a large-scale or even a small nuclear war are extremely high now, particularly between India and Pakistan or, of course, between, as we push Putin around, a full-scale one; and that would end - either one - would end civilisation as we know it, but how can you predict when that might happen?
And the other thing of course is the disease situation worse than Ebola, which could also change everything almost instantly.
But if you look at the general trends: the climate disruption, the poisoning of the planet; if you look at the loss of biodiversity, which is the loss of our life support systems and so on, I would expect what we're having now: continuing deterioration - as the population grows: less democracy. Automatically less democracy if the population grows.
All that stuff is going to come together and is going to make an awful mess. We're in the start of the mess now.
TIM PALMER: Decades ago, of course, your focus was strictly on the raw numbers of population, what the Earth could carry without starving itself, and of course famously your book 'The Population Bomb', which caused a sensation - I think it sold two million copies at the time - but you became the punching bag for conservative anti-ecologists, who said that you failed totally in your predictions - because you did predict that hundreds of millions would starve to death in the 70s and 80s, tens of millions of North Americans.
You accept of course that the Green Revolution is-
PAUL EHRLICH: Well yeah, but you know it's interesting. Norman Borlaug, who I knew, who is the inventor of the Green Revolution, told me how right I was, and said in their Nobel Peace Prize speech that it would buy them a couple of decades, maybe, to solve the population problem, and spent much of their later years working on the population problem.
But the main problem with the conservatives in this case and today is they can't read. What they attacked, what I said in The Population Bomb, was the battle to feed all of humanity is over. Right now we have about 800 million people starving and more than two billion who are micronutrient-malnourished. They just don't happen to be Donald Trump.
TIM PALMER: So you don't resile at all from what you wrote in The Population Bomb?
PAUL EHRLICH: No, I'd write different things today. Listen, what scientist would say exactly the same things 40 years later? You learn a lot, and for instance, the people that I talked to, and I probably should have talked to other people, were much less optimistic about the Green Revolution as others, thinking that farmers would not adopt it very rapidly.
And it turned out that they adopted it very, very rapidly if they were rich enough to drill the wells and buy the fertiliser that worked.
But there's still a huge debate about whether, in the long run, it's going to have been the right thing, because we face another situation today with two and a half billion people, more people than were alive when I was born, coming on the planet now and around 2050.
We don't have any Green Revolution waiting for them.
TIM PALMER: That was my next question. Your predictions were defeated by an unexpected scientific achievement. Do you now say that we're at the limits of science, science can't expand again to take care of this potential apocalypse?
PAUL EHRLICH: That's, I hope science can take care of the impending apocalypse. But it was a very different situation at the time of the Green Revolution in that we had a working in-hand technology. There is no such thing in the rich world that-
TIM PALMER: In the absence of such technology, you seem to not believe that it's within humankind to change behaviour to live within these constraints?
PAUL EHRLICH: My entire research over the last 20 years has been on that exact question. That is: how can we move cultural evolution in a direction to solve these problems, to get foresight capacity, to close down everything that looks towards the future?
The world is run by gigantic corporations who look to the next quarter. It should be run by small family corporations that look to the next 200 years.
We also have, of course, faith-based economics. And faith-based economics is the fundamental problem. That is, economists have the faith that on a finite planet, their cure for everything is growth, and as a very famous economist, Kenneth Boulding, said in 1966: if you think you can have perpetual growth in a finite system, you're either a madman or an economist.
And they're still at it.
TIM PALMER: Ecologist, author and Stanford professor, Paul Ehrlich, I was speaking to earlier.
You can hear a longer version of that interview on our website.
Rachel Maddow is moderating a Democratic candidate forum tomorrow night, and they actually have a question in mind about a “failure” of the national Democratic party.
Maddow spoke this week to The Charlotte Observer about the South Carolina forum and talked a lot about debates, moderators, CNBC, etc. They said the CNBC debate was basically the same as the other debates and “it is a political decision on the part of the candidates to make that itself a scandal.”
But more importantly, Maddow said they want to ask the Democrats––Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and Martin O'Malley––about “the fate of the Democratic Party in the South”:
Even after the Democrats went South for their (2012 Charlotte) convention, and there was all this lip service paid to how the new South was a Democratic South, there are still major races in Southern states where the Democratic Party basically isn't even fielding candidates. And that is a failure of what's supposed to be a (national) party that I haven't heard any of these candidates address meaningfully.
[h/t TVNewser]
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A giant skull discovered on a beach in northernmost Alaska may belong to a subspecies of polar bear that's never before been reported by scientists. But the elusive bear may have long been familiar to indigenous people in the Arctic.
The single, hefty bone is the fourth largest polar bear skull ever found, measuring 410 millimeters, or just over 16 inches, from the tip of the nose to the back of the skull, and it has what experts describe as an unusually slender and elongated shape.
Radiocarbon dating has shown the skull to be about 1,300 years old.
But the giant bear may have descendants living today that have inspired native accounts of enormous, 12-foot long bears, sometimes referred to as “king bears” or “weasel bears,” said Dr. Anne Jensen, who reported the find.
“We don't know the exact size [of the whole animal], but we do know it was a huge bear,” Jensen said in an interview.
The skull was found eroding out of a bank after a storm in 2014, at an archaeological site known as Walapka, just a few miles from Utqiaġvik, formerly known as Barrow, Alaska.
The cranium likely belonged to a male that lived a relatively long life, Jensen noted.
“It is adult, and not a young one, since all the cranial sutures — places where the skull plates join — are fused and can barely be seen,” they said.
Given the date of the specimen, with a radiocarbon sample ranging from the years 670 to 800 CE, the researchers dubbed the specimen “The Old One.”
(Learn more about ancient animals: “700,000-Year-Old Horse Found in Yukon Permafrost Yields The Oldest DNA Ever Decoded“)
But beyond its mere age and size, there was something unique about this bear, Jensen said.
“The main thing is the differences in the skull morphology, the shape of the skull,” they said.
The back of the skull is longer and comparatively narrow, for example, they said, with features that are noticeably different from those of modern polar bears.
“The front part of the skull, from roughly the eyes forward, is like that of typical polar bears,” Jensen said.
“The back part of the skull is noticeably longer than other bear skulls to which we were able to compare it.
“One of those skulls was from quite a large bear, and the front part of the two skulls were not that different in length, but the back parts were strikingly different.”
One of Jensen's colleagues, research biologist and wildlife veterinarian Dr. Raphaela Stimmelmayr, compared the skull of The Old One to more than 300 other polar bear skulls in the collection of University of Alaska Museum of the North.
They found several others with a similar shape and features, so it seems likely that The Old One is not entirely unique.
“It's possible it's a subspecies,” Jensen said, “or perhaps it's more like [with] domestic dogs, where a borzoi and pug are considered members of the same species, [and] not [a] subspecies, even though their skulls are far more different than this is from a standard polar bear skull.”
When asked if other polar bears the size of the Old One may still be wandering the Arctic, Jensen said, “Certainly.”
This may not come as news to many of the indigenous peoples in the region, they added.
Ethnographers have recorded accounts of outsized polar bears from many Inuit groups, Jensen said.
The Inuvialuit of Canada's Northwest Territories, for example, have tales of a giant “weasel bear,” while the native peoples of St. Lawrence Island and elsewhere relate accounts of a so-called “king bear.”
(Learn how ethnography helped set the record straight: “New Evidence Reveals Violent Final Days at Arizona's Montezuma Castle“)
Ethnographic accounts from around Utqiaġvik, however, don't seem to include any such giant bear, Jensen noted.
“That may be because these bears were not around during the period when people were collecting ethnographic accounts — somewhat later here than in Canada — or because people just didn't ask the right questions,” they said.
Jensen and their colleagues hope to research the skull further, including DNA analysis and a cross-sectioning of some of its teeth.
But for now, their attention is focused on the nearby ancient settlement of Walapka, a site inhabited periodically over the course of 4,000 years, whose residents may once have lived alongside bears like The Old One.
(Discover a dig in central Alaska: “‘Twin' Ice Age Infants Discovered in 11,500-Year-Old Alaska Grave“)
“All this information can help us understand how past cultures functioned in a very difficult environment,” they said.
Jensen reported their team's findings at the Alaska Marine Science Symposium in Anchorage, Alaska.
