The Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) has information that foreign intelligence agencies are preparing to launch cyberattacks aimed at destabilizing Russia's financial system, starting as early as next week.
The attacks will also target the activities of Russia's largest banks.
Read more
The cyberattacks, which will start from December 5, will be accompanied by a massive spam text message campaign and inflammatory social network and blog posts – all related to an alleged crisis in the credit and financial system and the bankruptcy and revocation of licenses from major federal and regional banks, a statement published on the FSB website added.
Dozens of Russian cities will be targeted in the cyber assault, it added.
It has been established that the servers and command centers to be used for the attacks are located in the Netherlands, and belong to Ukrainian hosting company BlazingFast, the FSB reported.
The FSB said it is taking measures to neutralize the threats.
READ MORE: Berlin warns of ‘Russian hackers' ahead of German 2017 election
The Finance Ministry views the situation as stable, according to Deputy Minister Aleksey Moiseyev, as cited by TASS.
“We hope that the banks' cybersecurity systems will be able to repel [the attacks], we think that banks are generally very well prepared. However, if necessary, the Central Bank and the Treasury will provide additional liquidity,” the deputy minister said.
Read more
The Russian Ministry of Communications has held emergency meetings with communications service providers and key banks, giving them guidelines on how to deal with the cyberattacks, the ministry's press service told RIA Novosti.
“We confirm the cooperation with the FSB on confronting cyberattacks in the financial sector. We have held two meetings with communications service providers and major banks, we have sent out telegrams with the instructions on what to do in case of attacks and the way those organizations will have to address the ministry and the Federal Security Service,” the ministry said.
Chief Deputy of the Security Control and Data Protection department at Russia's Central Bank, Artyom Sychev, says their security experts are aware of the threat and are ready to respond if need be.
“Russia's Communications and Mass Communications Ministry has had a meeting and worked out certain countermeasures that should be taken to resist this kind of attacks,” Sychev told RT.
There were similar incidents in 2014, but the joint efforts of Russia's banking institutions helped to quickly resolve the situation, Sychev said.
The motives for the killings remain a matter of speculation, and no evidence has been found to link them to a single killer. In some cases, the musicians appeared to have ties to organized crime figures, making them potential targets in reprisal attacks from rival gangs.
Others had composed ballads known as narcocorridos, glorifying the shadow world of drug dealers and hit men, which can offend other drug dealers and hit men. In still other cases, as the musicians' fame grew, they may have become embroiled with criminals unwittingly.
Photo
“Sometimes there is a direct relationship between the musician and the narcotics trafficker,” said Miguel Olmos, a musicologist at the College of the Northern Border in Tijuana. “But also there are a lot of passionate crimes. That is to say, the musician establishes some sort of sentimental relationship with people who are linked to this culture of violence and of narcotics trafficking, and somehow it gets out of hand. They always touch some nerve of the trafficker.”
In the case of Mr. Gómez, who was best known for their stirring love songs, prosecutors are investigating whether they had ties to organized crime. So far, however, the investigation into their abduction has been a morass of conflicting accounts, missing witnesses and loose ends unlikely to be tied up soon.
Investigators have yet to interview the two impresarios who were with Mr. Gómez when they were kidnapped, nor have they interviewed the other members of their group. “We hope we can locate all these people,” said María Elena Cornejo Chávez, the assistant attorney general of Michoacán State. “It's very complicated for us because they all left the state.”
The killings have been particularly brutal. On Thursday, José Luis Aquino, 33, a trumpet player with Los Conde, was found beaten to death in Oaxaca State, with a plastic bag over their head and their hands and feet tied.
On Dec. 1, Zayda Peña, the raven-haired lead singer of Zayda y los Culpables, was shot in a motel room in Matamoros in Tamaulipas State. They survived the attack, but the killers followed them to the hospital and finished them off with two more bullets as they lay in bed. They were 28.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are in shock, because it's a weird thing that in one week three members of the grupero wave would be killed,” José Ángel Medina, the leader of the group Patrulla 81, told reporters after the recent killings. “We are afraid because we are superexposed, and this could keep going. We don't know who's next.”
Entire groups have been targeted as well. Four members of Los Padrinos de la Sierra were shot and killed in Durango State on June 9. On Feb. 19, assassins with machine guns attacked the members of Tecno Banda Fugaz in the town of Puruarán, Michoacán, killing four and wounding one.
The toll in 2006 was equally grim. On Aug. 9, three members of Explosión Norteña, a group who dedicated themselves to songs about drug traffickers, were shot and seriously wounded in their offices in Tijuana, across the border from San Diego.
Photo
Nov. 25 of that year brought the assassination of the singer Valentín Elizalde, 25, along with their manager and driver, shortly after a show in the border town of Reynosa, Tamaulipas, across from McAllen, Tex. More than 60 rounds from an AK-47 were fired into their car.
A month later, Javier Moralez Gómez, a member of Los Implacables del Norte, was shot to death in Huetamo, Michoacán.
All the victims played various genres of grupero, the Mexican country music distinguished by its oompah beat and maudlin lyrics, often recounting tales of unrequited love, hard luck, famous bandits or their modern equivalent, drug lords.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some were known particularly for their narcocorridos. One of Ms. Peña's hits, for instance, was “Tiro de Gracia,” a reference to gangland executions. Mr. Elizalde was also well known for their ballads about bandits and drug kingpins.
Mr. Gómez, of K-Paz de la Sierra, however, was different. Their biggest hits were love songs like “Mi Credo” (My Creed) and “Volveré” (I Will Return.) Their band played in the Durango dance style, characterized by the prominence of brass instruments and a superfast march beat. Like many other grupero combos, the band members wore identical western suits and cowboy hats.
News of their death prompted some musicians to cancel concerts in Michoacán. Others said the killings made them nervous about appearing in public.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“These assassinations have been done with a lot of cruelty and this makes us tense,“ said Jorge Medina, a singer with La Arrolladora Banda, in a televised interview.
Michoacán investigators say Mr. Gómez left a stadium in Morelia after their concert at about 3:30 a.m. on Dec. 2, a Sunday. They were in the company of a driver and two music industry executives, Javier Rivera and Víctor Hugo Sánchez. They drove off in a sedan, the police said. The other seven musicians in the band and two of Mr. Gómez's brothers followed in other cars.
Photo
A short while later, a member of the group called the federal police and reported that Mr. Gómez and the two business people had been abducted by armed men about three miles outside Morelia on the highway to Salamanca. The federal police informed the state police, the authorities said.
What happened next remains unclear. The state police maintain that when they arrived at the scene, federal agents told them they had interviewed the two business people and determined the kidnapping had been a false alarm, said Ms. Cornejo, the deputy state attorney general. A spokesperson for the federal attorney's office in Morelia, Miguel Ángel Hernández, confirmed that account.
Yet Mr. Gómez was tortured to death between 4:30 a.m. and 11 a.m. on Dec. 2 in an unknown place, an autopsy found. They had been beaten badly around the head and chest. Their thighs and genitals had been burned with a flame. They died of strangulation.
In Ciudad Hidalgo, a small farming town nestled in a valley about 60 miles east of Morelia, people remembered Mr. Gómez with warmth. They had grown up there, the son of a local singer who never made the big time, in a modest house in a poor neighborhood. While still a teenager, they married a girl from a nearby ranch, lived in their parent's home, fathered their first child and went to work as a cabinetmaker.
The entire family moved to Chicago during the financial crisis in the mid-1990s, where Mr. Gómez worked menial jobs, fathered two more children and ran into trouble with immigration authorities. Eventually they found work as a sound technician for a band, Montéz de Durango.
In 2003, they and three musicians from that group formed K-Paz de la Sierra. Their career took off. The band recorded four highly successful albums and regularly toured arenas and large concert halls in Mexico.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They also visited Ciudad Hidalgo every year and gave thousands of dollars to expand the grade school where they studied as a child. They never put on airs with their old friends, neighbors said. “He always behaved very well,” said an acquaintance, who asked not to be identified for fear of drug dealers. “He was not one to be very snobbish.”
Their wife, Felicita, told reporters they seemed relaxed in the days just before their death and never mentioned any threats. “I never saw them nervous or expecting something bad,” they said.
Froylán Gómez said their nephew never sang about drug dealers or used drugs himself. “This man didn't even smoke or drink,” they said. “We cannot understand why it happened. The whole family is demanding justice. We want to know who is the author of this crime.”
London producer Murlo made a name for themselves with their decadent take on grime, pulling richly evocative melodies out of thin air. More recently, they hinted an appreciation for pop that's now gone full bloom with their Jasmine EP, out February 6th on Mixpak—the first in a series of EPs he's making for the NYC label this year. The title track, which The FADER is premiering today, gives me those same chills that Sampha and Jessie Ware hit on with "Valentine" a few years back. Dublin singer Gemma Dunleavy's sweet lilt skitters over Murlo's medley of piano, handclaps, and the gentlest of dancehall shoulder rolls.
"The lyrics responded to the vocal melodies, textures and rhythms rather than the other way around," Dunleavy told The FADER. "It was great being able to indulge in my R&B influences; I felt like that style really suited the vibe of the tracks." Murlo told us they were introduced to Gemma by chance, even though they've never actually met. "It isn't often I collaborate without being in the same room with the other artist but it worked," they explained. "Probably mainly due to Gemma's talent." Listen to the chemistry below.
Choi Da-bin competes in the women's free skating event at the ISU World Figure Skating Championships in Helsinki, Finland, Saturday. / Reuters-Yonhap
By Baek Byung-yeul
Korean figure skater Choi Da-bin secured two PyeongChang Winter Olympics spots for their country after a top 10 finish at the world figure skating competition, Saturday.
At the International Skating Union (ISU) World Figure Skating championships in Helsinki, the 17-year-old earned 62.66 points in the ladies' short program Thursday and added 128.45 points in the free skate to finish 10th overall. Evgenia Medvedeva retained their world figure skating title with 233.41 points and two Canadians Kaetlyn Osmond and Gabrielle Daleman took the silver with 218.13 points and the bronze with 213.52 points, respectively.
Both results were Choi's personal records and with overall points of 191.11, Choi became Korea's second figure skaters to reach over 190 points in the singles following former Olympic champion Kim Yuna. As the Helsinki Championships serve as the qualifiers for the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, Korea secured two berths in the ladies' single figure skating in its first-ever Winter Olympics. Countries earn two or three entries in the Olympics by earning points through their skaters' placements at the previous year's world championships. Skaters finishing within the top two at the world championships earn three entries in the Olympics while those finishing from third to 10th each earn two.
"I am pleased to exceed my own expectations," Choi said. "Before the short program, my goal was to earn one Olympic spot. I struggled early in the season, but I am really happy to end the season on a high note."
This year has been an unforgettable season for Choi. At the ISU Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Korea, February, they finished fifth, posting their personal best total score of 182.41 points. Later in the month, they broke the record with 187.54 points to win the gold medal at the Sapporo Asian Winter Games.
This type of account offers the combination of a support system and a degree of anonymity. Many users don't create their recovery account in their full name, and others never include photos of their faces. Erzsie Nagy, a student at Middlebury College, admits that they were very embarrassed when people from their personal life first discovered their recovery account, though they later grew more comfortable with the idea. The vast network of other recovery accounts forges a supportive digital community for those pursuing health—one that, for some, becomes a group of real-world friends.
“I have met some of the people I'd consider my best friends through this account,” says Malia Budd, a student at Duke University who maintains a recovery Instagram and has wrestled with anorexia and other disordered eating behaviors for about five years. (She's been in recovery for about a year.) “It's kind of a crazy thing to tell people you met through your Instagram, but people post such personal things that it's easier to get to know someone on such a different level,” they say. They considered attending an in-person support group at their college, but never attended because the available spaces filled up. She's comfortable in the Instagram recovery community because of the layer of separation it offers from their everyday life: “It's harder to open up to someone if you know you're going to see them in different environments every day.”
But not all of these recovery accounts look alike, and some still show an unhealthy preoccupation with food and body image. Many users will document every meal and snack, others include calorie counts, and some will share figures such as their lowest weight or “days binge/purge free.”
“Part of an eating disorder is an obsessive quality around food intake and exercise,” says Rachel Benson Monroe, the clinical-programs coordinator at the Multi-Service Eating Disorder Association in Newton, Massachusetts. “Anyone who is spending an inordinate amount of time talking about or posting about what their food intake is—that's gonna be a little bit of a red flag.”
As an image-based platform, Instagram lends itself to tendencies often associated with eating disorders, such as an obsession with physical appearance and constant comparisons to others' bodies and diets. “Certainly we know that social media doesn't cause eating disorders,” says Claire Mysko, the director of programs at the National Eating Disorder Association. “But it can amplify a lot of the thoughts and behaviors associated with one.”
Because these accounts aim to promote recovery, it stands to reason that the users who maintain them may not have yet freed themselves of all the rules and self-regulation that come along with an eating disorder. Others looking at their posts may feel the line blurring between the promotion of healthy habits and a continued preoccupation with diet and exercise. Benson worries that many individuals recovering from eating disorders might have a hard time parsing these conflicting themes when looking at other recovery accounts.
Newcastle have been the architects of their own downfall
Words by Evin Grant
On the final day of last season, infamous club owner Mike Ashley gave their first ever interview and claimed that Newcastle “will be making their own luck” if relegation was avoided.
As we all know, United emerged victorious over West Ham which allowed them to maintain their Premier League status for at least another year.
Ashley also stated that the club would “bolt the horse”, which gave the Toon faithful some sense of optimism and curiosity.
Then, a few weeks later, when Sky Sports reported that Patrick Vieira was in talks to replace John Carver at the helm, several fans' optimism increased.
There was continuous talk that Steve McClaren – who had failed at Derby and as England manager – was going to be the one to take charge of the Magpies.
If you had asked all Toon fans which one they would prefer between Vieira and McClaren, the majority would have said the former.
However, it was McClaren who got the job and when they arrived, they revealed that the ambition was “top eight and win a trophy.”
As you can expect, many felt this was immensely far-fetched, but this hard-to-believe quote was another step towards providing the fans with even more optimism.
Fast forward several months later: 26 games gone, and Newcastle are languishing in the relegation zone with relegation a serious possibility.
The appointment of Steve McClaren was one of a multitude of bad decisions made by the hierarchy that could cost the club for years to come.
The fans licked their lips at the prospect of a young, progressive manager like Patrick Vieira or Christophe Galtier taking the reigns of their beloved club.
So, when McClaren was appointed, reservations were immediately made as to whether or not they could take the club to the next level.
As we all know by now, the answer to that is no.
In my opinion, McClaren is a great coach, but in the words of Jonathan Greening, who played under the former England boss: “a good coach does not make a good manager.”
Some of the tactics deployed this season have been questionable, as well as some of the substitutions that have been made during games.
McClaren's ‘eternal optimist' character is really starting to anger fans, and rightly so. After a 5-1 defeat, you don't want to see your manager laughing and smiling, do you?
Newcastle conceded 63 goals last season, a total only worsened by QPR, who finished bottom of the table.
It was clear for all to see that at least three defenders needed to be signed, but during the summer and January's ‘spending spree', only one was purchased.
Not only that, but long-time club captain, Fabricio Coloccini, staggeringly received an extended contract after a terrible season in which they lacked leadership and defensive know-how.
At the time of writing, Newcastle has the worst goal difference in the Premier League this season – a woeful -22.
The Magpies' centre-back pairing for the recent capitulation against Chelsea was Steven Taylor and Fabricio Coloccini – the same pairing they had in the Championship six years ago.
Along with the appointment of McClaren and the inability to solve the gaping defensive problems, the club's transfer policy has also played its part in the current plight.
For a long time now, Ashley and Charnley have instructed Graham Carr to find young, promising players who could flourish for years to come and eventually move on for a higher fee than what was paid.
£13m and the sacrifice of Remy Cabella was spent on Florian Thauvin, who now finds themselves back in Marseille after a torrid few months on Tyneside.
In a few years, the Frenchman could be an exceptional talent, but Newcastle needed players who could come in and make an instant impact.
Aleksandar Mitrovic was signed for around £13m too, and the big Serb has found it hard to score the goals needed for Premier League survival.
There's no denying that they have amazing potential, but placing all of their eggs in the basket of a 21-year-old striker was a huge gamble.
Essentially, the club has hung players like Mitrovic out to dry by placing huge expectations on their young shoulders.
It was extremely naive to think that “top eight and a trophy” could realistically be achieved with McClaren as head coach, one defender being purchased, Coloccini remaining captain and expecting massive things from Thauvin and Mitrovic straight away.
If the worst becomes reality and Newcastle get relegated, it will be fully deserved and the hierarchy's questionable decisions will be the main reason for it.
late 14c., morgage, "a conveyance of property on condition as security for a loan or agreement," from Old French morgage (13c.), mort gaige, literally "dead pledge" (replaced in modern French by hypothèque), from mort "dead" (see mortal (adj.)) + gage "pledge" (see wage (n.)). So called because the deal dies either when the debt is paid or when payment fails. Old French mort is from Vulgar Latin *mortus "dead," from Latin mortuus, past participle of mori "to die" (from PIE root *mer- "to rub away, harm," also "to die" and forming words referring to death and to beings subject to death). The -t- was restored in Modern English based on Latin.
And it seemeth, that the cause why it is called mortgage is, for that it is doubtful whether the feoffor will pay at the day limited such sum or not: and if they do not pay, then the land which is put in pledge upon condition for the payment of the money, is taken from them for ever, and so dead to them upon condition, &c. And if they do pay the money, then the pledge is dead as to the tenant, &c. [Coke upon Littleton, 1664]
Mental miscues, miraculous plays and officiating controversy make up the most memorable moments in college football. Coaches on the wrong side of history remember what it was like to lose those games. (2:06)
Coaches always say they remember the losses more than the wins. So we decided to ask coaches about the worst losses of their careers. (Sorry, guys.) Not surprisingly, most instantly had one that stood out and they could recall with precise detail what went wrong. Some were years ago at lower-level schools, while in the case of Clemson's Dabo Swinney, it was the most recent game they played.
Here's a sampling of the worst losses from Power 5 coaches' careers:
Gus Malzahn, Auburn: Two HS state championships + Florida State 34, Auburn 31, 2014
The worst coaching loss of my career, there's a couple that stand out -- two when I was in high school. Our two state championship games we lost, one was in double overtime. The other one was at the very end, and then probably the Florida State game from 2013. Those three really stick with me. I think about those once a week. One, 1994, that was the first place I coached, and we lost 17-13 at the very end. The other one, when Rhett Lashlee was my quarterback and we lost in double overtime to a team that we probably should've beat. And of course the Florida State (national championship) game when they threw a touchdown toward the very end. Those were the three. It motivates you. The only time I think about the championship (we won) is when somebody brings it up, but once a week I think about [those losses] and it just motivates you as a coach.
David Cutcliffe, Duke: Miami 30, Duke 27, 2015
Miami, 2015. Our team did an incredible job of getting a win and then I've never experienced anything like that. Hopefully never will again. That's without a doubt, no hesitation. There's not a close second.
Bobby Petrino, Louisville: Rutgers 28, Louisville 25, 2006
Rutgers, 2006. We win that game, we have an opportunity to probably play for the national championship. We were in control of the game and they came back in the second half. They kicked a last-second field goal, which they missed. We jumped offsides. They got to kick it again. It was one of those things that was devastating to our team at the time, but very proud about how we came back and didn't lose another game that year.
David Cutcliffe tries, without success, to get an explanation at the end of Miami's 30-27 win over Duke following a multi-lateral kick return that should have been blown dead. Mark Dolejs/USA TODAY Sports
Dave Clawson, Wake Forest: Youngstown State 37, Villanova 34, 1997
1997, Villanova. We were 12-0 and the No. 1 team in the country and we played Youngstown State that year in the second round of the playoffs. We had a punt blocked. We got sacked and they picked it up and returned it for a touchdown and we lost a heartbreaking game to Youngstown, who went on to win a national championship. Even 20 years later, that one still stings. That was probably a team that was good enough to win a national championship and we beat ourselves against a very well-coached team.
Dabo Swinney, Clemson: Alabama 45, Clemson 40, 2016
January 11. That one is still with me.
Mark Richt, Miami: Oklahoma 13, Florida State 2, 2001
The last game I coached at Florida State as the offensive coordinator playing in the national championship game against Oklahoma. We scored a whopping zero points. Our defense scored two. I didn't coach well. We didn't play well. It was a chance to be right there to win a third national championship for Coach Bowden. In the last game there it would have been a nice way to finish.
Dabo Swinney searches for answers after coming up just short of a national championship against Alabama. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
Kliff Kingsbury, Texas Tech: Southern Miss 49, Houston 28, 2011
I was at the University of Houston in 2011, we were 12-0, we were going to go to the Sugar Bowl and we lost in the Conference USA championship game at home to Southern Miss. We were really good. We should've went undefeated and we kinda choked. That one still haunts me, yeah.
Bill Snyder, Kansas State: Texas A&M 36, Kansas State 33, 1998
You have enough losses that all of them are painful. My guesstimate right now without thinking about it is probably the conference championship game in the '98 seasons ... where we were the No. 1 team in the nation and played in the conference championship game, had a 16-point lead or something like that going into the fourth quarter and lost the ballgame. That was pretty disappointing.
Kirby Smart, Georgia: Auburn 10, LSU 9, 2004
It's hard because you remember the losses so vividly. I guess from being at Alabama for nine years, you certainly remember a lot of the losses, but I guess that being my first year as a full-time SEC coach (at LSU). So I go from being a GA to being a -- because they had just won the national title, so my expectation was we're going to win another one at LSU. We had a lot of the players back, and this first really, really big game, in Jordan-Hare, and we had the game won. Everything had to happen exactly right for [Auburn] to win and there was like four or five plays in a row that were really crazy freaky plays. If that game comes back up on ESPN Classic, I'll see it, and I'm like, 'That is amazing that those four things happened for the outcome to be what it did.' They went on to an undefeated season. I guess if they had lost four or five games it wouldn't have been as big of a loss, but it's a fact that they went on to win them all. I'll be honest with you, when I say it haunts me, it's one of the ones that sticks out the most, because I thought we could've won it.
As told to Heather Dinich and Jared Shanker
100 Cool and Useful Things You Can Create Using Everyday Items
0 0
195
540.1k
Bright Side has put together 101 of the best DIY projects to create a real guide into the world of creativity just for you.
T-shirts and men's shirts
Here are the instructions on how to make these cute pillowcases.
This is how you can easily make a crop top from an old T-shirt. Find the full details here.
Check out this DIY to learn how to make this useful and roomy beach bag.
You can find an instruction on how to make this adorable dress for your daughter from dad's old shirt in this blog .
This is an easy way to turn an old shirt into a summer crop top.
Old clothes
Such a cool cat tent can be made from an old T-shirt.
Here is a very original idea to turn an old T-shirt into a new bag.
Check out this unique way to decorate a wall.
If you have a lot of clothes that you don't wear anymore, then it's time to make a bright rug from them.
Jeans
If you have old and ripped jeans, don't throw them away. Turn them into a cool bag that you can put many things in.
This is another way to transform old denim into a useful and stylish piece of decor.
Such a cute handmade denim whale toy will make your kid happy.
This pocket organizer will be useful in any house. Read this blog to learn how to make it.
Storing fruit in this denim basket is very convenient, and it looks so stylish.
Ties
Check this blog to learn how to turn old ties into cool and original necklaces.
This is a very good idea for upcycling a tie into a phone case.
Socks
It's not hard at all to make a cute DIY toy out of old socks. Click on this article to learn how to do this.
Belts
You have probably never seen this way of transforming an old belt!
If you have many old unused belts, this instruction will help you solve this problem.
This article will teach you how to create such a chic bracelet.
Leftover fabric scraps
To learn how to make these awesome pumpkin pillows, click here .
Check this article for instructions on how to make these alphabet pillows.
This is a great idea for how to organize your earbuds.
Wooden pallets
This bed made out of wooden pallets looks stylish and modern.
A w ooden pallet can be a great place to write a motivational quote.
Follow these instructions and you can make a nice and useful coffee table.
Kids will love this cool thing!
Tree branches
It definitely looks beautiful and impressive. Maybe you'll find this DIY idea very interesting.
Fallen branches just lie on the ground under our legs, and we have absolutely no idea how many cool things we can create out of them.
Buttons
Using buttons you can make such amazing and simple pictures yourself.
Old tea sets
Try to create this original clock if there are many small coffee mugs that are not in use in your house.
Don't throw away any old mugs as they can become the pots for your plants.
Rope
To learn how to make a doormat, check this article .
This instruction will teach you how to create really stylish accessories.
A perfect storage solution for every little thing.
Plastic utensils
Follow this instruction to learn how to make this ‘tasty' lamp.
Look at this beautiful and magical mirror made from regular plastic spoons! And you can create this elegant piece of decor yourself if you follow this instruction .
Books
Every fashionista would love to have such a clutch in their wardrobe.
It's quite an unusual way to use old books, isn't it? Click here to get the details.
Read this article to learn how to make an invisible bookshelf.
Picture frames
This picture with plants not only looks very impressive but you'll enjoy making it!
To make a handy makeup organizer you need to attach a magnetic board to a frame and glue little magnets to the back of each item of makeup.
If you have a smaller picture frame, you can turn it into a nice tray for storing different bits and pieces.
A to-do list written in an old picture frame will be very useful in any study.
Shoe boxes
This is a great idea for girls who have lots of jewelry.
Don't let your old shoe boxes stay covered in dust in your wardrobe! You can transform them into cool wall decorations .
Embroidery hoops
You can put so many different things (from toys to kitchen utensils) into these handy, roomy, and cute bags .
What else can you create using embroidery hoops? The answer is here!
This is an original organizer for crafters.
LEGO
That moment when the packaging is cooler than the present.
You don't have a phone stand? Make one with LEGO.
This is another way to use LEGO for different purposes.
Board games
Creative people will love this idea!
Using Scrabble tiles you can make original drink coasters with a hidden message.
Empty bottles
Such a composition will always delight the eye.
Click on this article to learn how to make this nature office organizer.
This is a unique way to create glass jar frames for your favorite pictures.
Vinyl records
Following a few simple steps, you can turn your vinyl record into a little vintage table.
Your guests will be impressed by this creative cake stand .
You can find this idea here .
Floppy disks
Such a cool notebook will be a great gift for your colleagues.
A flowerpot can be made out of almost anything. Did you know about this idea?
CDs
These drink coasters are really easy to make. You just need to check this article .
If there are many old CDs in your house, don't throw them away — they can become a beautiful plate. All the details are here .
Such a piece of jewelry will demonstrate your personality and make your image really unique.
As we don't use CDs much anymore, we can create incredibly cool things out of them.
This is one way to give your old bag a new look.
Plastic bottles
Plastic bottles can be used as extremely cute flowerpots. Here is an instruction .
Such a stand will be convenient for those who prefer to have all their accessories in one place. To learn how to make it, read this article .
Plastic bottles can also become great bowling pins , especially if the bottles are filled with colored water.
Here you can find one more interesting idea on how to transform plastic bottles into something useful.
Read here about a very creative game using empty plastic bottles that your children may enjoy.
Wine corks and bottle caps
This original trivet will decorate any dinner table. Click here to get all the instructions.
Look at these stylish earrings you can create yourself!
An original way to add new accents to an interior.
With these keychains , you won't lose your keys in the water.
Cutting boards
It's very convenient to use a tablet in the kitchen if you have such a handy cutting board .
You can write your grocery shopping lists or leave cute messages to your family on this original chalkboard .
Tin cans
It turns out that tin cans can be transformed into great candleholders! Unbelievable? Check this article .
If you don't want to accidentally step or sit on a needle, why not make a pincushion ?
Pringles cans
These tall cans were made for storing pasta !
Bulbs
Create a tiny terrarium inside a bulb. To learn how to make it, read this article .
Who said that bulbs were made only for lamps? You can find here tips on how to make a vase from a bulb.
These DIY pears will become really unique decorations.
Wrenches
Such wall hooks will be very useful in the house or the garage.
Old locks
It'll be much easier to find your keys thanks to this way of storing them.
Suitcases
You can read about this great idea here .
A regular suitcase can become a great item of any decor style.
This is a very simple way to make your kids happy.
Old tires
A table made out of old tires is a great idea for the garden.
To turn an old tire into a cool little table , you'll need several inches of thick rope and a little effort, of course!
A bicycle tire can be transformed into a mirror .
Unused globes
The whole world hangs above your head! You can learn here how to make this lampshade.
Bicycle wheels
Check this article to find out how to create this amazing wall decoration.
It seems like a clock can be made out of anything. But a clock made out of a bicycle wheel looks extremely creative. Here is an instruction .
Coins
Using coins to decorate different things is a great idea to add interesting accents to an interior or to make an original present for friends.
You can also create nice earrings from coins.
Chandeliers
A regular chandelier can become a real piece of art. To learn how to decorate your chandelier with flowers, read this article .
Bottles
Simple, stylish, creative, and beautiful! You can find an instruction here .
You just need some empty bottles, special paint, and imagination. Try to recreate this — you won't regret it!
This is another useful way of organizing things. Here you can get the details and more ideas.
This is a cool soap dispenser made from an old bottle of Jack Daniel's.
Phone flashlight
To make phone flashlight brighter (to focus diffuse light), glue the end of a bottle on it.
Phone slot opener
Blue Bell Creameries announced Monday the company is recalling all of its products on store shelves nationwide because of a potential for listeria contamination.
The company first recalled several of its products in March after three people in Kansas died. The recall expanded earlier this month to include five other people who had become ill with the same strain of listeria.
The outbreak was originally linked to several products made at a plant in Oklahoma, but the company said Monday's decision came after listeria was found elsewhere — half gallons of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream produced March 17-27. Several tests showed listeria to be present in different places and plants, the company said.
The voluntary recall of all ice cream and other products was their attempt to do the right thing, the CEO of the Texas-based company said Monday. Blue Bell sells ice cream in 23 states and internationally.
"The best way to do that is to take all of our products off the market until we can be confident that they are all safe," Paul Kruse said in a statement.
"We are heartbroken about this situation and apologize to all of our loyal Blue Bell fans and customers," Kruse continued. "Our entire history has been about making the very best and highest quality ice cream and we intend to fix this problem."
The company said it was unsure how the bacteria was introduced, so it decided to take the recall company-wide. Customers should return any ice cream, frozen yogurt, or other products to the store they were purchased for a refund.
Going forward, products will only be sold after they are tested to be safe, the company said, and the Oklahoma plant will remain closed while it's investigated. Sanitation, testing, and employee training will also be increased. Limited distribution of Blue Bell products is expected to resume soon, the company said.
"We want to enjoy our ice cream to be a source of joy and pleasure, never a cause for concern, so we are committed to getting this right," Kruse said.
By Maryant Fernández Pérez
Last week, the European Parliament finalised its second compromise proposal on net neutrality, and sent it to the Member States (represented in the Council of the European Union) and the European Commission. This will now allow the Council and Commission to put pressure on the Parliament to accept a final compromise this week.
The new proposal is another major concession from the Parliament. It contains only the absolute minimum elements for net neutrality, while proposing incoherent, meaningless text on blocking of allegedly illegal content, and dangerous suggestions on “parental controls” (filtering of legal content).
The new compromise represents another surrender from the European Parliament, which continues to offer concessions to the Council, which continues to offer absolutely nothing in return. Everything appears to be building to the “end game”, where telecoms providers will be allowed to launch a new abuse (the end of net neutrality) in return for the end of an old abuse (mobile roaming charges).
So, what is the “score” in the negotiations so far?
What has the Parliament given up?
All of the proposed measures on radio spectrum;
The definition of (or even a reference to!) ‘net neutrality', replacing it with a non-defined “open internet”, as the Council had suggested. Adding adjectives like “open” suggests there is a “non-open” Internet, which makes little sense outside countries like Iran;
The definition of specialised services;
Virtually all of the proposed measures on user rights;
Its proposal for the removal of irrelevant elements (like spam – unsolicited e-mails- or parental controls), which renders the scope of the Regulation unclear;
Its proposal to remove unclear text on blocking.
Ultimately, the Parliament has given up all of this in return for virtually nothing apart from minor concessions on roaming. Worse still, the Parliament has no strategy for the next round of negotiations – is this just another step towards giving up completely or is this is the final red line from the Parliament? We don't know. We fear that they don't know.
What has the Council given up?
Almost nothing, as all the Council's proposals were virtually identical. Modifications made in the most recent texts went even further away the Parliament's position and even worse than the Council's initial position of 4 March 2015 in certain points.
What to do now?
Visit the SaveTheInternet.eu campaign site. Through SaveTheInternet.eu, anyone can contact her/his representative in the Industry committee of the European Parliament (ITRE) via phone, e-mail or social-media for free!
Technical meetings amongst the three institutions are scheduled for this week.
Contact your MEP: SaveTheInternet.eu and remind him/her the four steps towards ensuring net neutrality:
Commercial office leases are quoted in terms of "Rentable Square Feet", not "Useable Square Feet". The rentable area of virtually every office includes a portion the common area, for which the tenant is charged rent.
Useable Square Feet
Simply put, usable square footage means the square feet used directly and exclusively by the tenant. It does not include common area square footage.
Usable square feet includes private (tenant-only) restrooms, closets, storage and any other areas used only by the tenant.
Rentable Square Feet
Rentable square footage is usable square footage plus a prorata share of the building's common area. Theoretically, rentable square footage should be the amount of building space from which the tenant benefits. Most office buildings have common areas not directly and exclusively used by the tenant, but nonetheless benefiting the tenant (e.g., hallways, stairways, lobbies, etc.).
Business owners should obtain the services of a tenant representation broker to help with translate these and other
convoluted definitions into real dollars and cents prices, allowing for an apples-to-apples comparison of alternative properties.
Roger Ailes, the influential former Fox News chairperson who resigned from the network less than a month ago amid widespread accusations of sexual harassment, is helping Donald Trump prepare for the presidential debates, according to The New York Times.
Ailes will be in the awkward position of helping to prepare Trump, who has made misogynistic remarks throughout their career, to debate the first woman to earn the presidential nomination of a major party.
The Trump campaign denied the Times report in a statement.”This is not accurate.  They are not advising Mr. Trump or helping with debate prep. They are longtime friends, but they have no formal or informal role in the campaign,” spokesperson Hope Hicks told The Huffington Post.
But sources told Gabriel Sherman, the New York magazine reporter and Ailes biographer who has broken most of the news about the scandal, that Ailes has been advising Trump for months.
Important context is that Ailes has been advising Trump privately for months, sources close to both say. — Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) August 16, 2016
Since former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson filed a lawsuit against Ailes last month, at least 20 women have come forward with similar accusations, according to Carlson's lawyers.
Carlson said in the lawsuit that they spoke up about sexist treatment at the network and faced retaliation for doing so. Ailes told her, “I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago and then you'd be good and better and I'd be good and better,” according to the lawsuit.
Among those who say Ailes harassed them are Fox hosts Megyn Kelly and Andrea Tantaros. Former Fox booker Laurie Luhn told New York magazine that Ailes psychologically tortured them for more than 20 years.
Trump defended Ailes during an interview on “Meet The Press” last month, saying they had helped many of the women who were now accusing them of harassment.
“He's been a friend of mine for a long time,” Trump said. “And I can tell you that some of the women that are complaining, I know how much he's helped them. And even recently. And when they write books that are fairly recently released, and they say wonderful things about him.”
Ailes, long considered one of the most powerful men in media, advised former Presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. They prepared Reagan for their presidential debate in 1984 against Walter Mondale, telling them they needed to be prepared to answer questions about their age, according to Sherman's biography. When the question did come up in the debate, Reagan famously said, “I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience.”
Clinton's campaign is preparing to deal with attacks from Trump about Bill Clinton's history with Monica Lewinsky and other women, Politico reported on Tuesday.
“You can't put it beyond Trump that Monica Lewinsky will play a role in this debate,” said Greg Craig, President Barack Obama's former White House counsel, who helped both Obama and John Kerry with debate prep.
Michael Calderone contributed reporting.
Transportation Safety Board of Canada – Aviation Investigation Report A10P0147
Loss of Control – Collision with Water
Atleo River Air Service Ltd.
Cessna 185F, C-GIYQ
Ahousat, British Columbia
29 May 2010
The first thing that struck me about this TSB Canada report was the title. Loss of control seemed an odd description and certainly isn't a cause in itself. The title fits the report, though: loss of control was the key factor in this investigation because to start, that was all the investigators knew. How did the pilot lose control and why did they fly the aircraft into the water at a 45° angle? That took longer to work out.
The aircraft was a Cessna 185F which had been fitted with floats to allow water landings. It was owned by Atleo River Air Service Ltd. The pilot, who was the company's aircraft maintenance engineer, had 2,000 hours of flying logged, mostly in the Cessna 185 on the west coast of British Columbia. They were trained, qualified, certified and medically fit.
That day, they were approached by three passengers who wanted to charter the aircraft to take them back home to Ahousat First Nation, on the west coast of Vancouver Island. They had a small amount of baggage: several bottles of liquor, a case of beer and some personal effects.
They had travelled to Tofino by water taxi, but the operator would not take them back to Ahousat.
The Ahousat reservation is only accessible by water or air. The water taxi operator does not allow alcohol to be carried to Ahousat. As a result, the passengers decided to charter the aircraft. They had been drinking but were walking normally and “coherent enough to argue the price of the charter.”
The pilot agreed to take them for the six-minute flight to Ahousat.
They departed Tofino at 1200 Pacific Daylight Time. The route is usually flown at 300-500 feet above sea level. The weather visibility was 8 miles, with a layer of scattered cloud at 1,000 feet and overcast at 1,400 feet. That day, the Cessna flew VFR at about 500 feet.
Two nautical miles from Ahousat, in cruise, the aircraft descended in a steep-nose down attitude. It flew straight into the Millar Channel and overturned. Fishermen and water taxis in the area tried to keep the wreckage afloat but it sank in the 15 metres of water and came to rest on the ocean floor.
The front seat passenger died on impact. The pilot and the rear passengers suffered blunt force injuries which may have been fatal and certainly would have stopped them from being able to escape the underwater aircraft. Cause of death was drowning.
Two days later, divers found the aircraft wreckage with the pilot and all three passengers still inside. The pilot still had their lap belt on. The aircraft had shoulder restraints but the pilot did not have the shoulder restraint strap connected to their lap belt.
All of the passengers were unrestrained. The right door was ajar. Beer cans were found near the passenger seats.
The emergency locator transmitter functioned but no signal was received until the wreckage was brought to the surface.
The aircraft struck the water at about 45° nose down and sheared off the engine and the pontoons. The V brace, which forms a V between the top corners of the windshield and the top centre of the instrument panel, was bent forward.
The engine was running and the propeller damage was consistent with significant power at impact.
There was no indication of control malfunctions. The aircraft was trimmed for the cruise with the flaps fully retracted. The weather was good.
The aircraft did not spin nor stall. There was no evidence to suggest any mechanical or environmental cause.
The evidence was baffling. The captain had no known medical condition and there was no record of them being depressed or intending to harm himself. And yet, it appeared he'd flown the aircraft straight into the ocean.
Transportation Safety Board of Canada – Aviation Investigation Report A10P0147
The aircraft struck the water at an angle and speed consistent with a deliberate dive, or a loss of control. There is no operational reason why the pilot would perform such a manoeuvre. Had the pilot intentionally caused the aircraft to dive, a level-off should have been possible. Based on the pilot's demeanour, there was no reason to dive to the point of impact with the water. Therefore, it is concluded that the pilot lost control of the aircraft.
The pilot's lap belt showed evidence of high loads. The front passenger's lap belt had no evidence of similar loads. The rear right passenger's lap belt failed under load, indicating that it was being worn at impact. The rear left passenger's lap belt showed no distress.
The autopsies showed high levels of alcohol in all the passengers.
The pilot's right wrist was broken and they had a severe injury to their forehead.
The rear left passenger, sitting behind him, had two broken ankles.
A picture of the pre-accident situation began to form in the investigators' minds.
The bent V brace and the pilot's broken wrist were consistent with the pilot bracing himself, or trying to resist a force from behind. However, the autopsy showed no sign of a strike to the back of their head.
The passenger sitting behind them broke both ankles on impact, which suggests they were kicking or pushing the pilot's seat forward. Investigators believe they may have kicked the seatback with both feet and then pushed it forward, forcing the pilot into the instrument panel and the controls into a dive.
[Our tests revealed] that if the pilot's upper body is not secured by the shoulder harness, a rear passenger could push the pilot's seatback forward causing the pilot to push the control yoke forward, thereby causing a nose down control input. It was noted that the pilot had no space to leverage their arms and push back sufficiently to overcome the passenger's leg force from behind. In this scenario, a pilot could not resist a push from the back unless it was expected and the pilot braced accordingly.
The Transportation Safety Board of Canada determined that this was the most likely cause of the fatal accident.
Findings as to Causes and Contributing Factors It is likely that passenger interference caused the pilot to lose control of the aircraft whereupon it descended in a steep nose-down attitude until it struck the water. It is possible the passengers' level of intoxication contributed to their inability to recognize the gravity of the situation and stop the interference in time for the pilot to regain control of the aircraft before impact. Because there was no locking mechanism on the pilot's seatback, and because the pilot was not wearing their shoulder strap, they would have been unable to prevent their upper body from being forced onto the instrument panel.
I have to be honest, I'm not sure I would have thought twice about taking the three passengers in my plane in that circumstance, even though they'd been drinking. It was only a six minute flight, after all. My main worry would probably been that someone might be sick in my aircraft — experience with my son has shown me that it is impossible to get the smell out of the cockpit.
However, this accident has really brought it home to me how badly wrong it can go. I can only imagine what the poor pilot must have been thinking as they were smashed against the instrument panel, knowing they had only 500 feet. Every fatal accident is tragic but this is truly the stuff of nightmares.
Farrah Abraham made their return to porn earlier this week when they stripped down and played with sex toys during a live webcam. Although the Teen Mom OG star received rave reviews from viewers, their ex-boyfriend Simon Saran exclusively told RadarOnline.com that they aren't a fan of the raunchy show.
“If getting back into the sex industry is what's best for them and their daughter's future, then I hope they are making the best decision for them,” Saran told Radar. “Congrats to her.”
Abraham, 26, starred in a live webcam session for CamSoda on September 13.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom' Star Farrah Abraham Takes Photos With Times Square Characters With Boyfriend & Daughter Sophia In Tow
The mother of Sophia, 8, wore a white bikini for the session. They later went naked and showed off their bare butt, boobs and vagina.
In screen shots of the session obtained by #TheFappening, Abraham is seen spreading their legs and putting a vibrator to their vagina while topless.  They are also seen touching herself.
Them return to the adult film industry comes as a surprise not only to Saran, but also to their estranged mother Debra Danielsen.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom' Pal Jenelle Evans
“I had no clue about it,” they told Radar. “I'm speechless. I know my daughter has been trying to change their image. She's been doing professional things.”
They added of their daughter and granddaughter, “They're my world, I really feel everyone has things in their life they have to deal with,” they said. “My goal is to be close with my family and to love them. I want them to help me and I want to help them.”
Abraham starred in the sex tape Farrah Superstar: Backdoor Teen Mom with co-star James Deen in 2013.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham's Sex Book Seems True To Life
Then in 2014, they launched a line of sex toys molded from their own lady parts.
Does their return to porn surprise you? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
The booming rise of smartphones all over the world has led to a surge in the number of apps. Both Google Play and the Apple App Store house about 2 million apps â€“ and this number will not reduce any time soon.
A comScore report says that mobile users surpassed desktop users way back in 2014
Gartner predicts that more than 268 billion downloads will generate $77 billion worth of revenue in 2017
Today, apps are built not just for smartphones but for wearables, connected homes, smart cars, IoT-enabled devices and much more. Heading into 2017, this presents a huge opportunity for entrepreneurs and consumers. Cloud-based apps and services have gathered increased importance over 2016 and the ability to share and sync data in real time with the server and other devices has driven many innovations. But it is now time to look ahead to 2017 at some key mobile app development trends.
1. Location-based services (LBS) will continue to rise
With the availability and ease of use of GPS on all mobile devices today, location-based services (LBS) will begin to evolve further and give users real-time information or deals based on their whereabouts. Several key areas where LBS can be implemented and put to good use are indoor mapping, location-specific payment portals, retail offers, security features, navigation, travel & tourism and more. Leading tech giants have recently made huge purchases in the LBS space, and Beacon technology is also becoming increasingly popular. Since the service drains battery pretty fast, hardware advancements in this particular area can also enable developers and businesses to flourish in 2017.
2. Integration of augmented reality (AR) into utility apps
Apps that use augmented reality (AR) have long been viewed as gimmicky for promotional purposes. But over time, a large number of apps have integrated AR. With the addition of wearables, AR tools can be used more effectively and productively than ever before. In that context, recognition of words or phrases is something that can be capitalised upon in messenger apps and the like. If someone sends a video, text, or audio with a particular catchphrase, a related actionable item can pop up. For instance, the word 'cab' can open a taxi sharing app and 'coffee' can open a calendar request notification. Other integrations such as social media syncing, location tracking, product links and more can also be made use of.
3. Android Instant Apps to become a common trend
Google recently announced its Instant Apps feature that delivers exactly what the name indicates â€“ it enables Android apps to run instantly. These apps do not require to be downloaded or installed and can be run with just a single tap. This 'run-only-as-you-need' concept could change the app industry. Imagine conducting a search and then having a related app turning up on the results page that can be run instantly without installation. No need to wait for it to download, no need to use data to install it and best of all, no usage of precious memory space on the phone to store it. Such apps are generally preview versions though with a few advanced features missing, but they are perfect to gain quick insight into their use.
4. Embedded AI within apps to become a norm
Imagine a picture that changes dynamically according to your mood or situations. With more developers enabling machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) into their apps, the implications of this can have a huge impact on how the app industry works. While photo filters are relatively easier to create, developers could soon start devising innovative ways in which self-learning apps could customise what they display to users based on their personal preferences or location-specific data. Also known as neural networks, such services can soon shift from data centres to everyday devices such as cameras, phones and IoT-enabled devices.
5. IoT app integrations to continue unchallenged
The Internet of Things (IoT) industry is in the midst of a major boom right now, and apps that integrate with IoT will have the most potential. Companies in the fields of health, education, security, smart homes and automobiles have started experimenting with and integrating IoT advancements. For developers, such integrations will involve the usage of complex mobile platforms and enterprise backend infrastructure that can communicate and share data among all devices. Data analytics will also play an important role since all the data that is stored and shared needs to be accessed easily and efficiently.
6. Application security to be more important than ever before
The security of a smartphone has become more crucial than ever because of the sensitivity and sheer quantity of user data available such as account information and contact details. Surprisingly, a large number of people still do not take smartphone security as seriously as they should, and app developers can play a crucial role in addressing this issue. Apps with in-built security features should be prioritised, either at the API level or with a simple code to access the app itself.
Additionally, coding for Apple's iOS is now moving from Objective-C to Apple's own programming language, Swift. More developers are sure to adopt the use of this platform. This will be a game changer for many developers due to its ability to provide a better user experience and enhanced features.
Ultimately, providing a premium and smooth user experience is the key for all apps to succeed, especially in 2017. Design skills and understanding the customer has become a priority for the best mobile app developers. Rich media including images, videos, and audio that make apps better and more memorable are becoming crucial.
Jayavardhan B N is chief executive officer and co-founder of Hashtaag, a Bengaluru-based app development and consultancy firm. The firm creates and enterprise-grade mobile and web applications.
Welcome, and thanks for checking out the HiddenRadio2! We have spent the last 18 months listening to our backers and the community, to what they wanted most out of a portable speaker. You asked for this and here we have it, welcome HiddenRadio2!
TIMELESS DESIGN, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY
The new design is a natural evolution and, again, amazingly simple. All visual distractions have been removed to make everything about your music.
It may look similar on the outside, but under the hood it has been completely re-engineered. To deliver ‘best in class' sound, we completely reinvented the speakers inside, fine tuning and optimizing them for our design and unique form factor.
UNBELIEVABLY POWERFUL, IN A COMPACT FORM
While big speakers typically deliver great bass but poor high frequencies, and smaller speakers tend to give great highs but no bass, our proprietary neodymium dual speaker system combined with our custom software allows for amazing highs and deep, powerful lows. With new engineering solutions, we've also managed to more than double the speaker chamber, delivering even deeper bass. Once you hear it, you will need to remind yourself how small and portable the HiddenRadio2 actually is.
WE ADDED MULTI SPEAKER BLUETOOTH
We finally made it! After almost two years of listening to the many requests and undertaking a lot of research, we are thrilled to introduce our MultiPoint feature. This means that you can link two HiddenRadio2's to one phone and create a wireless audio set-up for your home, easier than ever before. Place the speakers in different areas for a seamless sound experience, or set up two speakers alongside your iPad or computer to create an incredible portable stereo.
MAGIC LIFT TECHNOLOGY
Simply touch the cap or hit play on your phone, and the cap magically lifts, revealing the speaker hidden beneath, as your HiddenRadio2 begins to stream crystal clear music in 360-degree sound. Not only does the elevating cap provide protection from the elements, it also creates a larger bass chamber that delivers deeper bass than ever before.
INTELLIGENT TOUCH CONTROLS
Using an intelligent capacitive touch sensor in the cap, you can operate your music directly from the HiddenRadio2. By simply tapping the cap, you can play, pause, adjust the volume, skip forward or back, fast forward or rewind, answer a phone call, or even activate Siri!
IT'S ALSO A SPEAKERPHONE
Receiving a phone call? Touch the cap and the HiddenRadio2 turns into an incredible speakerphone. We've added top-of-the-line noise cancelling microphones to make your call sound even better.
WE ADDED NEAR FIELD COMMUNICATION (NFC)
The intelligent cap sensor also uses NFC, meaning you can instantly sync your HiddenRadio2 with an NFC-enabled phone. With more and more devices featuring NFC, you will be more future-proof than ever.
WE'VE REINVENTED THE SPEAKER
Most speaker companies use off-the-shelf speakers and repackage them in a different box. This type of cookie cutter design and functionality means that you will never have a speaker that is perfectly tuned or optimized for your needs. For this reason, we have redesigned the speaker itself. Using extensive research, we have built custom speaker drivers from the highest-quality materials, previously only used in large expensive sound systems.
SUPERIOR SOUND
HiddenRadio2's unique speaker drivers and cone design spread the sound evenly throughout the room for a full, 360-degree audio experience over 90dB.
Here is a direct comparison with one of the market leaders, the Mini Jambox, while playing a range of music styles.
And here are the frequency response curves of the HiddenRadio2 compared to some of the market leaders today.
FUTURE-PROOF
We have made the HiddenRadio2 the most advanced speaker on the market. To do this we have created the most advanced feature set of any compact speaker on the market.
THE HIDDENRADIO2 STORY
Since our original HiddenRadio Kickstarter, we've continuously asked our backers and the community one question: what do you most desire from a portable speaker?
We listened to all of our community's feedback and worked tirelessly to make the HiddenRadio2 simply the best wireless speaker ever.
Working with the feedback from the community, we then started brainstorming and sketching on what the new speaker could look like, and how it would function. Moving components around is a little like a compact game of Tetris, where moving one part affects all the others.
Some of our initial sketches
To learn how it would function in the real world we then set about creating prototypes. This process begins with creating 3D models and 3D printing them. We then glued in speakers in different combinations to find out what is the best configuration to deliver the best sound.
Early sound prototypes
Once we had a basic idea of the prototype design we then started integrating the concept with our research and development team to get the design ready for something that can be produced with our partners.
CAD model
The last step was refining all the parts and creating full working prototypes with all the necessary finishes to provide complete proof of concept.
Final working prototypes
In our current state we have complete proof of concept and are now integrating the design with our factory in order to create the injection tools needed to manufacture the speaker.
NEXT STEPS
We've just completed product development and testing, and we are now ready for production. We need your help to build the molds, get certifications and make this truly unique, yet timeless, product a reality!
• $61k: Injection molding tools
• $40k: Bluetooth and international safety certifications
ONLY THE BEST QUALITY
The HiddenRadio team has been working in the consumer electronics industry with global corporations for more than 15 years, and we have deep experience bringing amazing, successful products to market; we have also learned a great deal from the original HiddenRadio experience. We will be implementing a new, world-class manufacturing process with our partners - who for over 30 years have delivered high quality audio products for Fortune 100 companies like Apple, Philips, Hitachi and many more - to help drive consistent quality and customer satisfaction. We have already invested 18 months of research to ensure the very best components and the most innovative, efficient design.
On top of this, we are also working with a global engineering consultancy in Hong Kong to help manage manufacturing and deliver the highest quality products, which we then test, one by one, with a 3rd party testing house to ensure each product passes a high set of stringent standards.
BE A PART OF THIS GREAT PROJECT
The HiddenRadio2 is the clear and simple answer to both unobtrusive home decor and absolute sound quality. We can't wait to share this great project with you. When you see the HiddenRadio2 on your own shelf, and the shelves of retails stores - you will know that YOU helped make it happen!
Thank you for stopping by - we hope you enjoy our new project as much as we do!
John + Vitor
PRODUCTION PLAN
The Pentagon is reportedly considering proposing President Trump send conventional ground combat forces into Northern Syria for the first time to help speed up the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
"It's possible that you may see conventional forces hit the ground in Syria for some period of time," one Defense Department official told CNN Wednesday.
A Pentagon spokesperson told The Hill the department has seen the report, but declined to comment. White House press secretary Sean Spicer also declined to comment to reporters.
Right now, about 500 U.S. special operation forces are authorized to be in Syria, though the exact number on the ground fluctuates.
ADVERTISEMENT
But the United States hasn't yet sent conventional forces into Syria. Doing so would significantly increase the U.S. presence in a country with a battlefield complicated by its own civil war.
CNN said U.S. officials are characterizing the idea as “a point of discussion,” not a formal proposal.
The potential mission of the convention forces is also not clear yet. But one alleged goal would be to reassure Turkey that Kurdish forces aren't a threat to its interests.
The United States considers Kurdish forces its most effective ground partner in Syria, but Turkey considers them terrorists who are an extension of Kurdish separatists in its own border.
The decision to send conventional forces into Syria would ultimately be up to Trump as commander-in-chief.
Trump has ordered the military to come up with a new plan to defeat ISIS. The 30-day review was ordered in a memorandum signed Jan. 28 and is examining whether any rules of engagement need to be changed and whether there are any new partners that can be added to the anti-ISIS coalition, among other aspects.
This One-Way Trip To Mars Is Brought To You By ...
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/UPI/Landov NASA/UPI/Landov
Mars One YouTube
In New York on Monday, a group of scientists and entrepreneurs launched a quixotic program that could allow you (yes you!) to make a trip to Mars. But you can't come back.
The Mars One nonprofit organization announced that it is now open to applicants interested in making a commercially sponsored one-way mission to Mars.
This isn't the first proposed Mars mission on the books. NASA has it as a long-term goal to send astronauts to the red planet. And space entrepreneur Dennis Tito recently announced plans to send a couple for a fly-by in 2018.
But Mars One stands apart in very important ways: First, it will strive to be self-financed by selling the astronaut selection process, launch and landing as a reality television show. Second, the lucky winners will live out their lives in an inflatable habitat on another planet.
"If somebody's an outdoors person who says, 'I need my mountains, I need to smell the flowers,' then it's not the mission for him," says Norbert Kraft, the group's chief medical officer.
Mars One co-founder Bas Lansdorp says that the idea of selling the trip as prime-time television really seemed doable after they saw the revenue numbers from the London Olympics. That event garnered more than $4 billion in just over three weeks, they say. With that in mind, the mission's $6 billion price tag "is actually a bargain."
In fact, there will be a lot more to watch than the launch and landing. Even today, visitors to the Mars One website can check out public videos from applicants and vote on who they like the most. Those liked more will be more likely to go on to the next round of astronaut selection. Future rounds will be televised: Participants in each nation will square off against each other with only a single participant making their or their way to years of training. That final round will be an internationally broadcast show in which six teams of four vie for the chance to get voted off of Earth.
It sounds crazy. But is it really crazier than shows about people who hunt alligators or drive trucks on roads of ice? Lansdorp says that they have consulted with Big Brother co-creator Paul Römer, who thinks that the show could work. Over the years, Lansdorp says, viewers will develop a close connection to the astronaut applicants. "That's why it will stay interesting for a very, very long time," they say.
Lansdorp says that their biggest worry at the moment is their ability to raise the money needed to send rovers and supplies to Mars in advance of the 2023 landing. But they hope that the astronaut application process will help to raise money. "We are already receiving a lot of interest from [broadcasters]," they say.
The application itself might be a money-maker, too: It will cost U.S. residents $38 to put their name down for a one-way journey.
There are a lot of scientific eyes on west Antarctica right now, for some pretty obvious reasons.
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet (WAIS) holds a lot of water – enough to push up sea levels around the world by 3m or so.
Even though this sort of melting would play out over century-long time scales, getting a handle on how much melting there would be, and how fast it could happen, are big questions with big consequences.
Hundreds of millions of people living around coasts and cities around the globe might be interested in the answer, as would cartographers who would need to be redrawing maps of the world.
Deep underneath the ice in west Antarctica is a break in the continental landmass – a seaway that links the Weddell Sea to the north with the Amundsen Sea to the south.
About 120,000 years ago, the Earth was in an interglacial period with temperatures comparable to the 2C of warming that countries who are part of the UN's Paris agreement (everyone but the US) are all trying to avoid.
But scientists are unsure if enough ice melted during the last interglacial (LIG) to expose that trans-Antarctic seaway.
But, if they could find some clues, then this would give them vital information about the fate of the world's sea levels.
This is where octopuses come in or, more specifically, what evolutionary biologist Jan Strugnell thinks they could find out using octopus DNA.
Associate Prof Strugnell, of James Cook University in Townsville, Australia, describes an ingenious plan in a scientific paper published in the journal Quaternary Science Reviews, co-written by Joel Pedro of the University of Copenhagen and Nerida Wilson of the Western Australian Museum.
The future of the planet is tied up in that ice. Dr Ceridwen Fraser
Strugnell writes that by examining the DNA of some bottom-dwelling animals currently living around the entire Antarctic continent, you can work out if the ancestors of those species were able to move through that trans-Antarctic seaway.
It sounds complicated – and it is.
But in the paper Strugnell describes recent advances in genome sequencing that can “provide powerful insight into the demographic history of species including processes such as migration, population divergence and changes in effective population size”.
Strugnell tells me if you match the DNA sequencing to powerful modelling, you could work out if that species was able to move across the seaway about 120,000 years ago. If they moved across the seaway, then that would mean enough ice had melted to clear the way. Ingenious!
In the paper, they say the best animals to test would be those that live on the ocean floor and currently exist all around the continent.
Speaking to me, they reveal they already have a possible candidate – the Pareledone turqueti, or Turquet's octopus.
They say: “The genome of the species contains signatures of what happened to populations in the past and different demographic changes – these are all held within that DNA.
“The DNA contains a record of those processes and so we can investigate different hypothesis of what happened in the past – just like your own human DNA contains a record of your ancestors.”
Strugnell says a cruder version of these techniques are used in the popular human DNA tests to track a person's own ancestry.
Strugnell has visited Antarctica three times, most recently earlier this year where they were helping gather octopus and other animals that live on the sea floor (scientists get them by either diving or dong small targeted trawling).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jan Strugnell with an octopus sample in Antarctica. The octpous here is a Megaleledone setebos. Photograph: Peter Enderlein/British Antarctic Survey
They have already used similar DNA techniques to understand the evolution of octopus around Antarctica and now wants to push the technology even further.
“The future of the planet is tied up in that ice,” says Dr Ceridwen Fraser, of the Australian National University. Fraser also uses DNA analysis to work out how populations of species have moved around the plant, particularly in Antarctica.
They say the techniques partly use what is known as the “molecular clock” – an understanding of the way genes change, or mutate, in different species.
In recent years, Fraser says there have been giant leaps in the capability of genetic technologies and also in the computer power needed to analyse massive sets of data.
They say Strugnell's proposal is a “cool idea” and, with recent developments in the technology, was certainly feasible.
I think the timing for this is right. We now have the genetic tools more refined than ever before and we are moving into the era of interdisciplinary scientific research. There's a lot of eyes on Antarctica right now and a lot of scientists want to know what's going to happen.
Prof Richard Alley, of Penn State University, is a glaciologist and expert on ice sheets.
They tell me there were multiple challenges in understanding how the ice sheets had behaved in the past but says Strugnell's method “looks like a great idea worthy of testing”.
It is worth noting that historical science, including paleoclimatic research and other research into Earth's past and life's evolution, does indeed generate hypotheses and do new experiments, just as in other branches of science – our ‘historical science' really is science.
They say the paleoclimate science community (those are researchers studying ancient climates) is constantly coming up with new ways to understand what happened in the past.
We are limited to studying the materials left behind from past times but other branches of science do face limitations as well and, like them, we work hard to find the ways to use the possible to answer key questions. We're not even close to exhausting the possibilities, and may never be, so there is still much to learn. I hope that this new idea is similarly tested.
Prof John Church, of the University of New South Wales Climate Change Research Centre, is a leading authority on sea level rise.
They ays the WAIS was likely to have made a “significant contribution” to the rising sea levels during the last interglacial “but whether it was a complete collapse is not yet known”.
“But the question is an important one,” they say, because high levels of greenhouse emissions would likely cause several metres of sea level rise over the coming centuries.
The ranking member of the Rules Committee shouldn't be systematically bending the rules for their personal gain
According to a review of Dreier's FEC reports since 2000, their campaign has listed a total of about $200,000 worth of expenditures for the purpose of “candidate reimbursement.” But the forms don't say, as the FEC appears to instruct, what Dreier had to reimburse themselves for.
According to the FEC's candidate guide, candidates must “report the reimbursement as an operating expenditure” and itemize any expenditure over $200.
...According to the Center for Responsive Politics, they reimbursed themselves nearly $63,000 during the 2008 election cycle and more than $78,000 during the 2006 cycle. The numbers were smaller in the cycles prior and included $34,000 in the 2004 cycle and $23,000 in the 2002 cycle.
All but two expenditures from the committee to Dreier are listed as “candidate reimbursement.” One expenditure, from 2006, is listed under “seminar reimbursement,” while another, from 2002, is listed as “luncheons, dinners, etc.”
Beyond those reimbursements, though, it's not clear what Dreier was reimbursing themselves for.
Dreier has spent more than $7 million from their campaign account on their last four reelection races, but they did not face serious opponents in any of them. The incumbent, who has served in their Southern California district since 1980, has rarely faced a tough reelection throughout their tenure.
America's Affordable Health Choices Act would provide significant benefits in the 26th Congressional District of California: up to 13,200 small businesses could receive tax credits to provide coverage to their employees; 11,200 seniors would avoid the donut hole in Medicare Part D; 1,300 families could escape bankruptcy each year due to unaffordable health care costs; health care providers would receive payment for $35 million in uncompensated care each year; and 71,000 uninsured individuals would gain access to high-quality, affordable health insurance. Congressman David Dreier represents the district.
• Help for small businesses. Under the legislation, small businesses with 25 employees or fewer and average wages of less than $40,000 qualify for tax credits of up to 50% of the costs of providing health insurance. There are up to 13,200 small businesses in the district that could qualify for these credits.
• Help for seniors with drug costs in the Part D donut hole. Each year, 11,200 seniors in the district hit the donut hole and are forced to pay their full drug costs, despite having Part D drug coverage. The legislation would provide them with immediate relief, cutting brand name drug costs in the donut hole by 50%, and ultimately eliminate the donut hole.
• Health care and financial security. There were 1,300 health care-related bankruptcies in the district in 2008, caused primarily by the health care costs not covered by insurance. The bill provides health insurance for almost every American and caps annual out-of-pocket costs at $10,000 per year, ensuring that no citizen will have to face financial ruin because of high health care costs.
• Relieving the burden of uncompensated care for hospitals and health care providers. In 2008, health care providers in the district provided $35 million worth of uncompensated care, care that was provided to individuals who lacked insurance coverage and were unable to pay their bills. Under the legislation, these costs of uncompensated care would be virtually eliminated.
• Coverage of the uninsured. There are 92,000 uninsured individuals in the district, 13% of the district. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that nationwide, 97% of all Americans will have insurance coverage when the bill takes effect. If this benchmark is reached in the district, 71,000 people who currently do not have health insurance will receive coverage.
• No deficit spending. The cost of health care reform under the legislation is fully paid for: half through making the Medicare and Medicaid program more efficient and half through a surtax on the income of the wealthiest individuals. This surtax would affect only 6,750 households in the district. The surtax would not affect 97.8% of taxpayers in the district.
“I've always told my boys, ‘if you haven't done anything wrong, then you're having nothing to hide.' I think that's why these reimbursements are such a cause for concern for myself and so many others,” Warner said. “Maybe it is just a matter of Congressman Dreier cutting corners again, but given their long track record of putting their own interests ahead of those of their constituents, one can't help but think the worst.”
Last nightbroke the news that San Gabriel Valley Congressman David Dreier seems to have been breaking the law in the use of campaign contributions for personal expenses , something observers have long suspected. It appears that he's stolen as much as $200,000 from the legalized bribes paid to them by their big corporate donors. That's not just unethical; it's illegal. Dreier claims they use a personal credit card "for campaign purchases in order "to keep things simple and avoid fraud when it comes to meals at restaurants or catering charges and that each credit card statement is reviewed by four people to ensure proper charges." Dreier's frequent dining companion and traveling companion is their highly paid chief of staff and long-time lover, Brad W. Smith.When I went to work at Warner Brothers, a senior manager tried to show me how to use my credit card to steal from the company. I was appalled. They laughed and said "everyone" does it. I pointed out that claiming handmade Italian suit was an allowable dinner for clients in a high-end restaurant was nothing short of stealing. I watched many executives pull off similar penny-ante shenanigans over the years and I always knew that people with this kind of low moral standing would never be trustworthy. When I became president of my division I was careful to make sure that executives who stole from the shareholders (owners) in this way weren't placed in temptation's way. An inherently dishonest man like Dreier, who has been in office virtually their entire adult life, comes to feel "entitled" to live beyond their means. And it spills over into their job performance.Dreier has been a relentless and dogged fighter against health care reform-- far out of proportion to the moderate nature of their suburban L.A. congressional district, the 26th. The district has been trending blue and McCain took a mere 47% of the vote, down from 55% for Bush in 2004. The 26th has also been one of the hardest hit districts in the country in terms of the mortgage crisis-- 13,487 foreclosures, and 44,903 projected foreclosures over the next 4 years. But again, Dreier has been in the forefront of stubborn Republican opposition, the kind of stone-cold opposition one might expect from a backward district in rural Georgia or suburban Dallas but not from a Representative whose mainstream constituents live in places like Claremont, Glendora, San Dimas, Monrovia, Arcadia, San Marino, La Canada-Flintridge... It makes no sense -- at least not until you look at the sources of campaign contributions that have bought David Dreier their lucrative political career.Dreier has been a favorite of the FIRE Sector (Finance/Insurance/Real Estate) and a favorite of the Medical-Industrial Complex. The two sectors and their lobbyists have pumped immense sums into Dreier's career and Dreier has never hesitated to vote for their interested-- even when those private interests are in direct opposition to the interests if their own constituents, like in the foreclosure and banking crisis. The banksters and Big Insurance CEOs have lavished $2,124,338 on Dreier, far more than your average member of congress. In fact the only California member of congress to have profited as handsomely as Dreier from their pro-bankster voting record is notorious Big Business shill Ed Royce ($2,597,049).And Dreier is in the top ranks of recipients of legalized bribes from the Medical-Industrial Complex as well-- $597,439, the only California Republican taking in more being ex-lobbyist Brian Bilbray ($720,086). When the Energy and Commerce Committee looked at the benefits the Affordable Health Choices Act would bring to Dreier's district , their opposition seems downright insane.Do you detect a pattern? Dreier is notoriously dishonest in their personal life-- a lifelong homosexual living in the closet , hypocritically refusing to acknowledge their sexuality while voting against equality for ordinary gay families who don't have the protections afforded the high and mighty-- in the same way they enjoy tax-payer funded health insurance, though he's a multimillionaire, while they are absolutely hysterical about denying even a modicum if that kind of health insurance to their own constituents.This year Russ Warner, a progressive independent business person with very different ethics and very different solutions-- real ones-- to the problems people in CA-26 are facing, is running for Dreier's congressional seat again. If you'd like to see someone who wants to rein in the banksters and Insurance CEOs and the HMOs, in office-- instead of seeing someone who sups at their table and does their bidding-- please consider making a donation to Warner's campaign. Russ issued a statement calling on Dreier to explain.
Labels: congressional ethics, Culture of Corruption, David Dreier, gay Republicans, health insurance, Russ Warner
Irish documentary filmmaker Phelim McAleer has become embroiled in an online spat with Hollywood actor Alec Baldwin over fracking, the controversial oil and gas drilling technique.
Baldwin, who is an environmentalist and anti-fracking advocate, objected to McAleer's presence on a panel at the Hamptons International Film Festival (HIFF) next month to discuss the film Gaslands 2.
Baldwin is on the executive board of the festival and was due to chair the discussion afterwards on the advantages and disadvantages of fracking.
That film is a follow-up to a previous one entitled Gaslands, which has been shown in communities in Ireland where the controversial gas extraction process might go ahead in the future.
They directed a series of abusive tweets at McAleer who has made a film in support of fracking entitled FrackNation. The Independent Oil and Gas Association New York (IOGA) had put the former Sunday Times journalist forward to speak on their behalf.
Through their Twitter handle @ABFalecbadwin, Baldwin called Mr McAleer a “shill for gas companies”, “a lumpy old gas whore” and a “dreadful filmmaker”, and said their documentary a “laughably stilted industry valentine”.
“Come debate me, you tired old bullshitter,” they concluded.
In response, McAleer said they couldn't understand why Baldwin had refused to allow them on a panel to discuss fracking, yet wanted to debate them himself.
“Put me back on that panel and I'll answer all those questions,” they said.
Since accepting the challenge, McAleer said Baldwin has blocked them from their Twitter feed. “He clearly doesn't want a debate with me,” McAleer added.
Since moving to the US, McAleer has made a number of films challenging environmentalists, including Not Evil Just Wrong - made in response to Al Gore's An Inconvenient Truth.
They also confronted the maker of Gaslands, Josh Fox, about alleged inaccuracies in the film.
They said FrackNation was made through FundIt and they accepted no money from oil or gas companies.
It's time! The festival is upon us but there's still time for one more episode before we're all bogged down with watching films and having fun. This isn't the last festival special, mind you - we have two more coming your way very soon so make sure to subscribe on iTunes and Stitcher.
Today's episode is with Jef Bredemeier who directed the documentary Dante's Down the Hatch. Most Atlanta natives and many tourists know Dante's was one of the most famous restaurants in the city until it closed in 2013. Jef, who worked at Dante's for years, took it upon themselves to document the end of an era.
Dante's plays March 29th 4:30 PM at Plaza - HOWEVER, if you don't already have tickets, it is sold out. Don't fret though, there is a showing later that day at 7 PM at the Plaza.
ANNOUNCEMENTS MENTIONED IN THE EPISODE
The second edition of Film Bar Wednesday is tonight March 18th. It takes place at Johnnie MacCracken's in Marietta. The next Film Bar Monday is March 23rd at Mac Magee's.
Check our Twitter account for updates on what films we're going to at the festival so you can come say hi!
Zombie Cat Productions' TV pilot Pepper's Place is showing at the festival on March 28th at 10 PM. Make sure to grab tickets left as they're going fast!
Here's your chance to support your favorite podcast! All you have to do is click on this Amazon link, buy some stuff you were already going to buy, and we get money. Super simple!
On 21 April 2016, the web site Empire Herald published an article reporting that a 61-year-old (“caucasian”) man from North Carolina had killed themselves upon learning that a portrait of 19th century African-American abolitionist Harriet Tubman was to replace that of Andrew Jackson on the front of the U.S. $20 bill, writing in their suicide note that they hoped Donald Trump would be elected to “make America white again”:
Gary-Jo Henderson, 61, of Charlotte was known by friends and family as a hardcore American currency collector. Their wife, Martha Henderson is a collector of Civil War memorabilia. Both traveled acrossed the country to buy and auction off their historical collections. According to reports, Mrs. Henderson arrived at their residence at approximately 6:15 P.M. when they discovered their husband, unresponsive in their home office. Mrs. Henderson immediately called 911 while attempting to resuscitate their husband. According to Mrs. Henderson, “After I found my husband slumped over in their chair, I ran over to them to see if they were okay. When they did not respond to me, I checked to see if they were sleeping and that is when I saw that they were not breathing. I called 911 and I tried to give them CPR until the ambulance arrived. After a few attempts, I notice an empty bottle of Percocets on their desk. I then saw a note near the bottle which read'Make American White Again'. When I opened the letter, that is when I found out they committed suicide. … Reportedly, part of the letter read, ‘It's a shame that one of our founding fathers is being replaced by a N**GER. I never thought I would live to see a spade in the White House and now one of them will be on the money we spend each day. I'm tired of seeing N**GERS taking over our great nation. I refuse to live in a world overrun by Blacks. I hope Trump wins so we can make America White Again!”
This story was just another clickbait fabricated report from the Empire Herald fake news site, and as is often the case, the Empire Herald simply appropriated an extant, unrelated crime scene photograph and attached it to their fictional story. In this instance, the image dated to January 2014 and involved a man who was shot by a deputy whom they had attempted to run over in a stolen car.
Empire Herald carries no disclaimer warning readers that its content consists solely of fake news items. Previous hoaxes advanced by that site include claims about a dog meat restaurant and another about a serial killer who purportedly carved “Black Lives Matter” into their victims' skin.
EU leaders said at a summit on Thursday (9 March) that “external challenges” have contributed to the “fragile situation” in the Western Balkans in a thinly-veiled reference to Russia.
The summit communique also voiced concern on “internal” factors, referring to a recent flare-up in nationalist and ethnic tensions in the region.
Student, retired or simply can't afford full price? No worries.
The EU has pointed at Russia for a failed coup in Montenegro (Photo: Sarah Tzinieris)
It pledged the EU's “unequivocal support for the European perspective of the Western Balkans” and said the EU remained “engaged at all levels” to implement “EU-oriented reforms and projects”.
The statement on “external” interference was added to the final draft after EU diplomats discussed Russia during the week.
Earlier drafts of the summit declaration had contained stronger language on EU engagement, however.
The EU had earlier pledged to “support stability and … deepen political and economic ties” with Albania, Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, and Serbia, but this was redacted from the final text.
Summing up the debate at Thursday's dinner in Brussels, European Council chief Donald Tusk said: “Tensions and divisions [in the Western Balkans] have got out of hand partly due to unhealthy external influences which have been destabilising several countries for some time”.
“I will propose to leaders that we take action, including in our strategic communications,” they added.
British prime minister Theresa May named Russia as the culprit.
“In light of the alleged Montenegro coup plot, I will call for us to do more to counter destabilising Russian disinformation campaigns and raise the visibility of the Western commitment to this region,” they said on Thursday in Brussels.
They said the UK would host a summit on the Balkans in 2018 for the sake of “collective security” in Europe.
EU states are also wary of Turkey and Gulf Arab states' efforts to increase influence in the region, but Russia's behaviour is seen as more dangerous.
Russian behaviour
EU diplomats said Russia tried to orchestrate a violent coup in Montenegro last year to stop the country from joining Nato, as planned, in May.
It has supplied arms to Serbia, prompting a backlash by Kosovo which has threatened to walk away from EU-mediated talks.
It has also claimed that the EU is trying to create a Greater Albania in a line designed to aggravate ethnic tension in Macedonia.
The British prime minister's warning on “Russian disinformation campaigns” pointed to Moscow's wider propaganda effort.
Russian media, such as RT and Sputnik, have, for instance, reported fake news that the West was planning to assassinate Mirolav Dodik, a Serb leader in Bosnia, and that it was behind pogroms against ethnic Serbs in Kosovo.
The EU foreign service already has a “strategic communications” cell, but its mandate does not cover the Western Balkans.
EU engagement
European Commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, said three years ago that no new states would enter the EU in their term in office.
EU capitals also lost appetite for enlargement amid Brexit and the migration crisis, as well as fatigue with slow Balkan reform.
Juncker on Thursday defended their old statement.
“I don't think this was a mistake when I announced back in July 2014 that there would be no enlargements … because as a matter of fact no candidate country is ready to join,” they said.
“We did not stop the enlargement negotiations,” they added.
Some member states, such as Poland and Slovakia, had wanted to send a stronger message of EU support for Balkan accession.
Tusk invoked “the promise of Thessaloniki” to reassure Balkan leaders of their EU future, referring to an EU summit pledge on accession made in the Greek city in 2003.
They also echoed the stronger language on EU engagement that had been redacted from the summit's final declaration.
“The European Union remains … fully committed to the stability and prosperity of the region,” Tusk said.
Great night in DC! We got a win and got to meet the Argentinian national team led by Messi, Agüero and Mascerano ⚽️ http://t.co/ydNt5bWsS6—
Damjan Rudez (@Damjan_Rudez) March 26, 2015
The Argentina national soccer team is in Washington, D.C. this week to take on El Salvador in a friendly match at FedEx Field, and the guys took one night to check out the Wizards-Pacers game and cheer on their countryman Luis Scola, who plays for the Pacers.
After the game Lionel Messi, Segio Aguero, Javier Mascherano and more met up with the Pacers and posed for some awesome pictures that show how tall these NBA dudes are.
The best moment from the night still came when Messi met Georghe Muresan and looked like a little boy.
(Thanks to IndyStar for sharing.)
One of the most common issues raised by virtual teachers in Second Life (SL) is how to get new students up to speed with the fundamentals. You know – walk, talk, navigate – that stuff. For those with little or no experience in 3D environments it's not easy to pick up SL's basics, however these are the skills that underpin everything we do in world. Needless to say a solid set of foundation competencies is vital to the success of any learning endeavour. The problem is that eradicating SL newbie–ness takes time – many would argue lots of time.
So opens a UWA blog post by Carmsie Melodie about a web-based resource they have put together which, while primarily aimed at the education sector, potentially has a broader reach when it comes to assisting those new to Second Life.
The SLeducate site, hosted by the University of Western Australia, essentially comprises three main parts:
The SL Basics Series section, which provides a set of resources designed to help newcomers get to grips with Second Life
The Virtual Educators section, which provides a central resource (documents, tools, videos) designed to help educators and teachers understand the benefits and potential of using Second Life as a medium for teaching and education
The SLictionary, a searchable glossary of Second Life terms, words, abbreviations, etc.
It is the SL Basics modules which are the focal-point for Carmsie's blog post. In it, they cover the aims of the series, outlines the structure of the modules and their relationship with one another, etc, and provides notes and thoughts on how the series can be delivered (e.g. as a series of self-teach modules, as a classroom-lead activity, or as a combination of the two).
While primarily aimed at educators and instructors, the introduction to the series notes it can be used by anyone new to SL, or who is interested in trying-out Second Life.
There are six modules in total – an introductory unit and five learning modules which take someone wishing to get started with Second Life from signing-up for an account, through downloading the viewer (Firestorm being the viewer of choice in the course), and on to the essentials of getting about in SL, and understanding camera controls, clothing, inventory, etc.
Each module comprises one or more interactive Adobe Captivate sessions, complete with embedded video and demonstrations, with supporting information such as PDF format “cheat sheets” and other handy documents, useful URLS and SLurls, additional optional videos and demonstrations, etc. Each of the Adobe Captivate sessions in turn covers a specific aspect of using Second Life, and can be allowed to run at its own pace, or users can step forward / back through it as needed, with an estimated maximum duration for any session of around 15 minutes.
To assist with using the modules for self-teaching or asynchronously, and to provide and in-world community around the SL Basics Series, Carmsie has created the SLeducate group in-world. This can be used by those following the modules to seek assistance, ask questions, exchange ideas, and so on.
All of the modules and resources within the SLeducate website are available to anyone wishing to use them – visitors can either log in using the Guest account, or they can create an account of their own.
For those already in-world, the SLeducate Activity Station, located on the UWA's in-world campus, provides access to all of the modules in the SL Basics Series, the opportunity for people to join the SLedcuate in-world group, and additional resources and information for new users. For example, there are teleports to “fitting rooms” where students to can to follow the module session on clothing and creating outfits. There are also freebies available, and as Firestorm is the viewer of choice within the modules, a set of notes on Firestorm classes is available as well. To further support the series through different media, a set of videos for the series can also be found on YouTube.
Overall, this is a very comprehensive approach to trying to address issues of helping new users understand what Second Life is an in getting to grips with it. While the idea of using web-based resources has been tried in the past, and discussed in various forums more recently, this is perhaps the most comprehensive approach I've seen in providing a web-based suite of resources for new users.
If there is any drawback within it, it is that in this era of short attention spans and the demand for instant gratification, those coming to the site under them own steam (rather than under the guidance of a teacher, educator or friend) might simply skip over it in their eagerness to get in-world and “on with it”. But that is, unfortunately, pretty much the case with any attempt to ease people through the initial period of engagement with SL.
However, for those with will to give the series the time, or those established SL users looking for the means to introduce friends to SL through a structured approach from sign-up onwards, the SL Basics Series more than fits the bill when it comes to getting started in Second Life. For the latter in particular, it means they can even run through the various module sessions alongside those they've just introduced to SL, making that initial “first hour” a lot less daunting for their friends.
Certainly, and in considering its primary aim of serving the education sector, there is no doubting that the SL Basics Series is a well-considered and executed solution for getting students set-up and engaged with Second Life. Not only do the modules cover all of the essentials when starting-out in SL, they also offer incredible flexibility of use, both by educators and teachers who have been looking for a means to introduce students to working in SL, or for those who may want to further augment their own student orientation process. Beyond this, the SLeducate website as a whole stands to offer an invaluable resource to the education community with SL.
Related Links
Advertisements
Same-Sex Marriage Ignites High-Heel Industry for Him and Them
1. MEN AND HIGH HEELS
The recent legislation opened the door for a bright future for couples as well as valuable insights on a brand new and untapped market, taking with it the competition of “most fashionable” to a whole new level. So lets hold it right there, is wearing high heels for men an old, forgotten, fashion or is it just plain madness? For those who say that fashion always returns might just be right on this one.
2. THEN AND NOW
For years, high heeled footwear was a symbol of femininity and attraction for women, but at one time it was also an essential accessory for men. Mentioned as early as 1509, the first men wore heeled footwear to improve accuracy when hunting and securing themselves while riding and fighting. Although it may not be same reasons men are putting on a pair today, history shows us this type of was used as a tool for both practical and decorative reasons.
3. Louis and Loubutin
High heels gained popularity around the early 17th century, but considering how uncomfortable they were, you would ask yourself why they became apparel of choice for even the king and their high court? “ One of the best ways that status can be conveyed is through impracticality” In fact, it was Louis the XIV that insisted that their heels and soles were always painted red, which was luxury that symbolized the aristocracy. King Louis actually trademarked their signature heels and ordered that only members of their court were allowed to wear them. I wonder what Mr. Loubutin would have to say about that today?
4.Men and Women
Few people realize high heels were actually a symbol of inequality for many years, segregating the classes by heel height and later banned in France altogether by Napoleon in the early 1800's. When the fashion left the upper echelon, heels became popular among the working class such as butchers who wanted a little lift from the blood on the work floor. They were popular with both sexes in the streets of France that did not have a proper sanitation system at the time. We have seen the fashion return in the 70's fueled disco era, when men took It even farther with high heeled platforms to show of their grooviest moves on the dance floor. As for today, we are witnessing the fashions the latest presence in the LGBT community. When it comes to style, the bar is being raised by both the fashionista and newly emerging fashionistos who are fighting hard to continuously impress the public with ever evolving styles and ideas . One thing is for certain, the struggle for full equality between men and women brings new trends in the fashion world.
5. WHATS NEXT?
So what do you think, is this the the next big idea in the fashion industry, or just a trend that may never really get enough traction? Only time will tell. For now, our collection has become popular with women world wide, but we are always open for new inspiration. Tell us what you think at www.angelinavoloshina.com
Leave a comment
Advertisement
It may not be appreciated by the disillusioned masses, but there are at least two very good reasons to keep an eye on Manchester United and Chelsea this season. The goalkeepers.
David de Gea and Thibaut Courtois were quite exceptional. Faultless, one might say, and not just because they didn't have much to do. This was really quite a good game, despite those twin zeros. Manchester United were livelier than they have been for some time and Chelsea carved out some extremely good chances, although not many of them, due to the absence of a specialist goalscorer.
Even so, the reason the match stayed goalless, beyond some wasteful finishing, was De Gea and Courtois. Both made outstanding saves and, when Courtois could not, the woodwork came to Chelsea's rescue. It was a useful point for the visitors, more so than Manchester United, but it is not a result that should affect Louis van Gaal's job prospects dramatically. This is United's longest run without a win since 1990 and their sixth 0-0 draw at Old Trafford this season, and that is not a good look on any manager.
Nemanja Matic wasted the best chance of the match by firing the ball over David de Gea's goal when they had plenty of time and space
The Serbia international reacts by putting their hand on their protective mask after seeing their effort sail over the woodwork at Old Trafford
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera came close to scoring from close range however Thibaut Courtois dived down to their left
Herrera hides their face in disappointment after squandering a golden opportunity for Manchester United during the second half
Belgium international Courtois was already diving the right way when they kept out Herrera's effort with minimal fuss
MATCH FACTS, STATS, PLAYER RATINGS, PREMIER LEAGUE TABLE AND MATCH ZONE FROM OLD TRAFFORD MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): De Gea 8.5; Young 7, Smalling 6, Blind 5.5 (Jones 81), Darmian 6 (Borthwick-Jackson 70, 6.5); Schneiderlin 7, Schweinsteiger 6.5; Mata 6 (Depay 77, 5), Herrera 7, Martial 7.5; Rooney 6 Booked: Smalling, Schneiderlin, Schweinsteiger, Rooney Subs not used: Romero, Carrick, Fellaini, Pereira CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Courtois 8; Ivanovic 5, Zouma 6.5, Terry 6.5, Azpilicueta 6; Mikel 6, Matic 5; Willian 5.5 (Ramires 70, 6), Oscar 6 (Loftus-Cheek 93), Pedro 6.5; Hazard 7.5 Booked: Mikel, Hazard Subs not used: Begovic, Baba, Traore, Djilobodji, Kenedy Referee: Martin Atkinson 7 Attendance: 75,275 Ratings by Chris Wheeler Wayne Rooney's pitch map shows their touches in the attacking third — click here for more of our brilliant Match Zone
Yet Ed Woodward, the Manchester United chief executive, does not want to sack Van Gaal – not least because it would reflect poorly on them – and this game did not give them great reason to act.
Swansea and Sheffield United at home, and Newcastle away, are up next, all winnable matches, and Woodward will be hoping Van Gaal's luck changes naturally. The league table continues to make unpleasant viewing though; United are in sixth place, nine points off leaders Arsenal, and could be 11 points shy if Leicester beat Manchester City. Not that a Manchester City win would be hugely preferable – that would leave United trailing their annoying neighbours by eight points.
Of course, Chelsea would swap places in a heartbeat. They are 15 points off the Champions League spots and three points off relegation. When Chelsea's fans mocked Manchester United's Champions League exit with a chant of ‘Thursday night, Channel 5' – an insult that would have hurt BT just as much, having had the rights to Europa League football since the start of the season – they were crushed instantly with a riposte of ‘Going down, going down'. It rather summed up the reduced status of this fixture. When the list came out it would have been seen as a potential title decider, after all.
Delightfully, though, it was not the damp squib many expected. The scoreline may have been predictable but the football was not. It didn't look like sixth versus 16th – the position of both teams at kick-off – and United in particular were vastly improved. Not dull, not dour, not cagey – for the first hour at least they went at it hammer and tongs, on the front foot like the good old days.
Manchester United could have been awarded a penalty when Willian raised their hand to control the ball inside the penalty area
The attacking midfielder was not penalised despite touching the ball with their hand despite not being pressurised by a United player
Wayne Rooney could have been sent off for a late lunge on Oscar, however referee Martin Atkinson deemed the foul to be a yellow
SUPER STAT FROM OLD TRAFFORD Manchester United have gone eight games without victory in all competitions - their last win was against Watford on November 21. This is their longest winless run since January 1990.
Considering the torpor that had preceded this, even in home games, it was hard to tell whether United's players had sniffed the wind and decided to ignore Van Gaal's conservative instincts, or whether a retro blast of high tempo attacking football was the manager's last attempt to keep their job. Either way, it worked. United went in at half-time goalless, but not to the familiar derision. This was their best 0-0 of the season – an ambitious 0-0, at least until late in the game when the rigours of holiday football seemed to take their toll.
United started early, the game just three minutes old when Rooney fed the ball back to Juan Mata, whose shot was smacked against the bar. It seemed to set the standard – seven minutes later, Rooney laid the ball to Morgan Schneiderlin, from an Ander Herrera cross, and the Frenchman's shot flew narrowly wide. Anthony Martial, deployed on the left, came close after 18 minutes, cutting inside and striking a shot that defeated Courtois but not the near post – and Rooney had an ambitious effort from a full 30 yards out athletically tipped over by Courtois approaching the half hour.
Their best was yet to come, however. In the 56th minute, Herrera was in an excellent position to convert a Martial cross from close range. The Belgian scrambled across and somehow met the ball, saving and clearing at the same time. Late on, substitute Cameron Borthwick-Jackson found Rooney at the far post, but their shot was wild. It was a pity. They had played well until that point, linking excellently and working hard, as usual. That does not mean Manchester United would not benefit from a 25-goal striker, though. Rooney is a different player to five years ago.
Rooney failed to test Courtois earlier on in the game when it looked like the United captain was going to put their side in the lead
Manchester United goalkeeper De Gea stretches out their hands to deny fellow countryman Cesar Azpilicueta during the 0-0 draw
De Gea also saved from fellow countryman Pedro before getting back on to their feet to keep out Azpilicueta
Manchester United captain Rooney and Kurt Zouma compete for the ball as they do battle during an aerial challenge
Chelsea attacking midfielder Willian (left) and Morgan Schneiderlin (right) stretch as they compete for the ball during a challenge
EA SPORTS DISTANCE STATS Mins KM Miles Manchester United 113.5 70.5 Ander Herrera 90 12.0 7.5 Bastian Schweinsteiger 90 11.9 7.4 Morgan Schneiderlin 90 11.8 7.4 Chelsea 109.4 68.0 Nemanja Matic 90 11.6 7.2 Eden Hazard 90 11.5 7.1 Oscar 90 11.2 7.0
Chelsea were short of a striker, too, although their problems are temporary. Diego Costa – who scored two goals in a game for the first time since January, then picked up the yellow card that triggered a suspension to ensure he, and their club, could not capitalise on it – was absent and Loic Remy stayed on the bench, meaning forward duties were shared between Eden Hazard, Oscar and Pedro.
Hazard was the most central figure and took the requisite kicking. They were queuing up for them – Chris Smalling, then Herrera, then Daley Blind. Referee Martin Atkinson could definitely have afforded more protection. Rooney was fortunate too, in the second half, when a quite dreadful challenge on Oscar only drew a yellow card. They were high, late and seemed to ignore the ball for the man. It could easily have been a straight red card.
And, earlier, a penalty to United, too. Willian, in lots of space, miscontrolled the ball and brought it to order only with what appeared the deliberate use of their left arm. Atkinson was already anticipating the clearance and was looking upfield. Where the linesman was looking, God knows.
Yet, while Chelsea rode their luck, they also produced several quite excellent chances that could have won the game with better finishing and less efficient goalkeeping.
In the fifth minute, John Terry met a corner from the right and forced a brilliant save from De Gea and, at the start of the second half they were needed again. Hazard set Pedro clear and they jinked into the penalty area only for De Gea to block their shot. Cesar Azpilicueta was first to the rebound and De Gea saved again. They didn't have a whole lot to do, but what they did was impressive. Fortunately, on the one occasion they could have been in trouble, Chelsea blew the chance. Nemanja Matic broke through alone after a sweet pass from Pedro but, a full stride ahead of the pursuing pack, they snatched at their finish and ballooned it over the bar. It's fair to say he's a better screen than a shot.
Bastian Schweinsteiger goes down under a challenge by Matic as fellow midfielder John Obi Mikel keeps a close eye on the ball
Manchester United playmaker Juan Mata was playing against their former side, they left rivals Chelsea in January 2014
Herrera (left), Matteo Darmian (centre) and Schneiderlin (right) line up a defensive wall as Chelsea prepare to take a free-kick
The Spanish midfielder knew they should have done better when they were allowed to test Chelsea's No 1 from close range
De Gea puts their right hand in the air to deny Chelsea skipper John Terry the chance of opening the scoring against their side
Rooney (centre) exchanges words with former international team-mate Terry (right) during the contest at Old Trafford
Under-fire Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal waves to the Old Trafford faithful ahead of the Premier League clash against Chelsea
Mata touches hands with Van Gaal after the Spanish playmaker is replaced by team-mate Memphis Depay in the 77th minute
Van Gaal closely watches proceedings alongside their assistants Ryan Giggs (right) and Albert Stuivenberg (left)
Van Gaal's opposite number and long-time rival Guus Hiddink watches on as their Chelsea laboured to a goalless draw with United
Former team-mates Eden Hazard, who led Chelsea's forward line, and Mata embrace as they make their way off the pitch at Old Trafford
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was in the stands to watch their former side in action at Old Trafford
Red Devils chief executive Ed Woodward, their predecessor David Gill and Manchester United legend Sir Bobby Charlton were all watching
A supporter exchanges words with Van Gaal following the final whistle at Old Trafford, United are without a win in their last eight games
Also noteworthy is the fact that Europe retains the absolute majority of the marine premium market, with 52.6% of all marine premiums paid. This means that Europe pays $17.9 out of $34.2 billion in marine premiums. The European market is globally dominant. 62% of all gross premium calls took place in the United Kingdom, a $2.25 billion year-over-year increase.
A number of factors can influence the cost of marine premiums, e.g. the size and value of the insured vessel, the value of the insured cargo, geopolitical risk, etc. "Marine premiums" are also a broad category, which include everything from actual total loss insurance (i.e. coverage for the event that the vessel sinks) to simple newbuilding risk insurance (i.e. coverage for the event that a ship under construction in a shipyard is damaged during that process).
For 2014, it is forecast that major losses (e.g. the cruise ship Costa Concordia) will reach a record low of 5% of total cost (vs. 31% in 2013 and 54% (!) in 2012). Indeed, claim frequency and total loss frequency appear to be starkly declining - a positive insurance trend. Repair costs for ships also appear to be stable or gradually decreasing.
Given this overall positive picture, why aren't marine premiums decreasing more?
One factor could be the influx of expensive newbuildings. As a percentage of the total insured portfolio, ships valued over $100 million peaked in 2014. The same applies to ships valued at over $300 million. Together, these two categories account for ca. 5.6% of the portfolio.
Although it is possible that ever-improving safety standards and technology will mitigate the risk of insuring such valuable assets, the latent risk of a mishap is that much more terrifying. A single Costa Concordia-style accident can have a huge impact on the bottom line. 2011, the year of the Costa Concordia disaster, was the first year since 2003 that the hull-gross ultimate loss ratio exceeded 80%, where 80% is seen as the marine premium break-even point.
On the other hand, apart from newbuildings, the value of renewals (i.e. policies that are renewed or extended for another term) are on the decline - this is due to the overall decline in value of shipping fleets worldwide both on account of overcapacity and the rapid obsolescence in particular of smaller ships which sometimes run on relatively higher costs:
GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government negotiators at Geneva peace talks are coming under unaccustomed pressure to discuss something far outside their comfort zone: the fate of President Bashar al-Assad. And they are doing their best to avoid it.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad meets with Kamal Kharrazi, head of Iran's Strategic Council on Foreign Relations, in Damascus, in this handout picture provided by SANA on March 19, 2016. Picture taken March 19, 2016. REUTERS/SANA/Handout via Reuters
U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura describes Syria's political transition as “the mother of all issues” and, emboldened by the Russian and U.S. muscle that brought the participants to the negotiating table, they refuse to drop the subject.
After a week of talks in Geneva, they praised the opposition for the depth of their ideas, but criticized the veteran diplomats on the government side for getting bogged down.
“The government is currently focusing very much on principles, which are necessary in any type of common ground on the transition,” they said. “But I hope next week, and I have been saying so to them, that we will get their opinion, their details on how they see the political transition taking place.”
Arguments over Assad's fate were a major cause of the failure of previous U.N. peace efforts in 2012 and 2014 to end a civil war that has now lasted five years, killed more than 250,000 people and caused a refugee crisis.
The main opposition, along with the United States and other Western nations, has long insisted any peace deal must include their departure from power, while the Syrian government and Russia have said there is no such clause in the international agreements that underwrite the peace process.
The Syrian president looked more secure than ever at the start of the latest round of talks, riding high after a Russian-backed military campaign.
But Russia's surprise withdrawal of most of its forces during the week signaled that Moscow expected its Syrian allies to take the Geneva talks seriously. And de Mistura appointed a Russian expert to sit in the negotiations with them and to advise on political issues.
Unlike previous rounds, the talks have run for a week without any hint of collapse, forcing the government delegation led by Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari to acknowledge de Mistura's demands.
Ja'afari began by giving de Mistura a document entitled “Basic elements for a political solution”.
“Approving these principles will open a serious dialogue under Syrian leadership without foreign intervention and without preconditions,” Ja'afari said on Friday, in a brief statement after the longest session of the talks so far.
But officials and diplomats involved in the talks variously described the document as “very thin”, “bland” and “off the point”.
It listed familiar goals such as maintaining a secular state and Syria's territorial integrity and the importance of fighting terrorism, according to sources who have read it. But it said nothing about a political transition.
FILIBUSTER
In sessions with de Mistura, Ja'afari has approached the negotiations as slowly as possible, reopening U.N. resolutions and going through them “by the letter”, said a source with knowledge of the process.
“Mr Ja'afari is still in a kind of delusion of trying to filibuster their way out of town, or to filibuster the opposition out of town,” said a western diplomat.
“He will spend every minute questioning the nature of the opposition, quibbling about the font in the agenda.”
By Friday, de Mistura said Ja'afari's team needed to go faster and couldn't avoid the substantive question forever.
“The fact that the government delegation would like to set different rules or play with the terms of this agreement is I think a non-starter,” said opposition delegate Basma Kodmani.
A diplomat involved in the peace process said Assad was not used to having to compromise, and that made Ja'afari's negotiating position rigid.
“He has to have control. If they give up 1 percent, they lose 100 percent. He's designed like that,” the diplomat said.
In three meetings with each side during the week, de Mistura quizzed the negotiators about their ideas, and they were also able to put questions to their rivals through him, one participant said.
The U.N. mediation team spends the sessions “stripping the papers apart and delving deep into the subject and forcing them to do more homework and forcing them to give answers”, said a source with knowledge of the process.
The negotiators do not meet each other, but face de Mistura in a functional, windowless room with desks arranged in a square. There is space for eight or nine people around each side, but the conditions are slightly cramped, and afford no luxury beyond a plastic bottle of mineral water on each desk.
A street vendor sit near their stall in the rebel held Douma neighborhood of Damascus, Syria March 20, 2016. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
“De Mistura is dragging the regime in with their queries on their position paper, rather than allowing them to talk about what they want,” said the diplomat involved in the peace process.
“The regime had in the past a bit of space to play and to maneuver,” they said. “The regime knows it has to come and stay but is not prepared for the idea that it has to engage the opposition.”
If you're someone that's naturally irresistible to mosquitoes, a new finding published today in PLOS ONE could make for a rude awakening. A group of researchers from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine discovered that three hours after an exposure to DEET, many Aedes aegypti mosquitoes were immune to the chemical, ignoring its typically noxious smell and attempting to land on irresistible human skin.
Normally, DEET—short for N,N-Diethyl-meta-toluamide, which is the active ingredient in most insect repellents on the market—works because mosquitoes seem to find the chemical's smell unpleasant and actively avoid landing on surfaces where it has been applied. But in this study, led by Nina Stanczyk, the researchers found mosquito behavior that runs contrary to scientists' previous understanding of how the insects interact with the chemical.
Initially, the researchers split a number of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes (a common species found on all continents, including North America) into two groups, each in a metal mesh cage. Then they had volunteers hold their arms about an inch over each cage, with one treated with a 20-percent DEET solution and another that had no repellent (a control arm).
Three hours later, they repeated the experiment, and counted exactly how many mosquitoes overcame the DEET and attempted to get through the metal mesh to reach the arms. They found that about half of the mosquitoes who'd been initially exposed to DEET on their first go-round seemed immune to the chemical during the second trial and tried to reach the DEET-covered arm, compared to the 10-20 percent that had attempted to do so during their first trial. This number was still less than the proportion of mosquitoes trying to reach the plain arm (70-80 percent).
Further proof the development of DEET immunity, though, lies in a third group of mosquitoes, who were exposed to a control arm first and a DEET arm second. Because they hadn't had the chance to become habituated to the chemical, a much lower amount of them (less than 10 percent) tried to reach the DEET-covered arm.
To ensure that some sort of interaction between chemicals in human skin and DEET wasn't responsible, the researchers also replicated the experiment with a heating device—to which mosquitoes are naturally attracted—that was also covered in DEET. The results were similar, indicating that the insects were somehow becoming habituated to DEET itself, regardless of the surface it was covering.
So why did the mosquitoes, as a whole, overcome their dislike of DEET? Previous studies by this group and others have found particular mosquitoes with a genetic mutation that made them innately immune to DEET, but they say that this case is different, because they didn't demonstrate this ability from the start.
They suspect, instead, that the insects' antennae became less chemically sensitive to DEET over time, as evidenced by electroantennography on the mosquitoes' odor receptors after each of the tests—a phenomenon not unlike a person getting used to the smell of, say, the ocean or a manufacturing plant near their or their house.
Of course, this sort of aromatic habituation is significantly less convenient, because DEET-based repellents are relied upon not just to help us avoid irritating bites but also to stop the spread of mosquito-borne diseases like malaria and dengue. But the researchers don't recommend dropping DEET entirely, for a few reasons.
For one, mosquitoes live as adults for only a few days at most, and the habituation likely isn't passed along to offspring, so the odds that a particular mosquito you come across has already been exposed to DEET is pretty low. Additionally, even if it has, not all of the individual mosquitoes in the trial became used to the DEET, so it should still be somewhat effective as a repellent.
Most important, though, is the fact that we still haven't developed any other repellent that is as consistently potent as DEET—so for now, they say, people living in areas with high risks of mosquito-borne illnesses have little other choice than to keep using it.
Ayman Mohyeldin has suggested that Chris Kyle, the real "American Sniper," was a "racist" whose military missions were nothing less than "killing sprees."
With opinions like that, you might imagine Mohyeldin to be some unhinged bloviator from the bowels of the anti-American far left. Or, an NBC foreign correspondent [who formerly worked for Al Jazeera] who regularly reports on events in the Middle East. Which is exactly what they are. Ayman vented their bile on today's Morning Joe.
To their credit, Joe Scarborough and Willie Geist pushed back against Mohyeldin's slander.
AYMAN MOHYELDIN: It is a very compelling, very thought-provoking, very emotional movie.
JOE SCARBOROUGH: B-u-u-u-u-t?
MOHYELDIN: When you juxtapose it with the real Chris Kyle and what has emerged about what kind of personality they are, in their own words --
WILLIE GEIST: You're talking about the stories when they were back home in Texas which may have not been true? Is that what you're talking about?
MOHYELDIN: A lot of their stories when they were back home in Texas, a lot of their own personal opinions about what they were doing in Iraq, how they viewed Iraqis. Some of what people have described as their racist tendencies towards Iraqis and Muslims when they were going on some of these, you know, killing sprees in Iraq on assignment. So I think there are issues --
SCARBOROUGH: Wait, wait. Killing sprees? Chris Kyle was going on killing sprees?
MOHYELDIN: When they were involved in theirs -- on assignments in terms of what they were doing. A lot of the description that has come out from their book and some of the terminology that they have used, people have described as racist.
. . .
GEIST: It wasn't a commentary about the war. It wasn't about the politics of the war. It was a character study of what this guy went through. And you don't have to like them and all the comments about them calling Iraqis savages. They were calling the people they were shooting savages. They were calling people who they thought had IEDs, who they thought were going to kill their buddies savages. They didn't -- some people have seized on that term that they thought all Iraqis or everyone in the Middle East is a savage. That's just not what they said. It's not what they said. They were talking about the people they were fighting in the theater, calling them savages.
SCARBOROUGH: All right, when we come back, Ayman is going to kick around Santa Claus.
It was a day of 18-year-old Bilal Dar alias Billa of Laharwarpora of Bandipora district on Sunday when Prime Minister Narendra Modi mentioned their name in the Mann Ki Baat radio address.
Bilal Dar was 14-years-old when they started earning their living by picking up waste from the Wular Lake in Bandipora district of north Kashmir in 2013.
Twitter
Bilal's father Mohammad Ramzan Dar, who was also a ragpicker, died in 2003 due to cancer. Bilal took to collecting plastic trash and other waste material from the Wular lake which would fetch them Rs 150-200 per day, which helped them financially support their mother Mughali Appa and two sisters.
According to Srinagar Municipal commissioner Dr. Shafkat Khan, Bilal collects over 12,000 kg trash annually from the lake which besides earning them a livelihood, also helped get rid of pollution caused due to garbage thrown in the lake by the residents living nearby.
Don't Miss 14.2 K SHARES 49.3 K SHARES 4.5 K SHARES 8.5 K SHARES 20.6 K SHARES
"I used to take somebody's boat in the wee hours of every morning and collect the rags from the Lake and which would fetch me some money after selling the same to trash dealers in the market," Bilal Dar told TOI.
It was a documentary produced by a Kashmiri filmmaker Jalal-u-Din Baba which depicted Bilal's life that brought them recognition. The documentary won several awards in Mumbai and in the US at film festivals, according to producer Baba.
Twitter
"Now we have appointed Dar as brand ambassador of the Srinagar Municipal Corporation. They will be given a special uniform and a vehicle to go and meet people in Srinagar's commercial and residential areas, to tell people the story of their work in Wular. This will help sensitise urban residents to understand value of environmental issues, cleanliness and garbage disposal," Dr Shafkat Khan said.
Bilal Dar said, "I am very happy today that my work even acknowledged by the no less than the prime minister of India Modi."
While Tassaduq Mufti, brother CM Mehbooba Mufti gave me a boat for collection of garbage from the lake, state government gave Rs. 50,000 for construction of house. Though this is meagre amount to build a house yet I am satisfied with whatever, help the government provided me, Bilal Dar said.
The world famous Wular Lake is on the verge of dying due to dumping of toxic debris, plastic, carcasses and much more.The Lake has reduced from 273 km to just 72 km of water expanse.
Twitter
Ironically, the present state BJP minister for Forest and environment ministry Lal Singh has stopped the funds allocated by the GOI for its conservation, the forest officials disclosed.
Soon after their father's death in 2003 Bilal had worked as a mechanic at an auto-repair shop and then as a helping hand at a tea shop but continued unrest in Kashmir valley forced them to take to the job of ragpicking inside the Wullar, Bilal recalled.
Bilal features in a documentary 'Saving The Savior - Story Of A Kid And Wular Lake' produced and directed by Jalal-u-Din Baba.
Bilal Dar thanked Prime Minister, who mentioned their name in their Mann ki Baat on Radio. They however, appealed to PM Modi to provide them a job as their family did not have any regular source of income.
Twitter
PM Modi on Sunday addressed the nation on the third anniversary of their Mann ki Baat radio programme, saying an ideological movement is needed to make cleanliness a norm across the country. This was the 36th episode of Mann Ki Baat.
During the address, PM also lauded Kashmiri youth Dar's effort for cleaning up Wular lake in Bandipora district of north Kashmir.
Originally published in The Times of India
Photo
The head of a consulting firm founded by one of Bill Clinton's closest aides pushed back against allegations by Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who is chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee, that the firm had undue influence on Hillary Rodham Clinton's diplomatic work.
In a letter to the committee in October, Declan Kelly, the Irish-born chief executive of the firm, Teneo, responded to questions about an agreement that permitted Huma Abedin, one of Mrs. Clinton's closest aides and the vice chairperson of their campaign, to receive income both from their position at the State Department and as a consultant to Teneo.
In the letter, Mr. Kelly referred the committee to the State Department, which is conducting its own review of their work status. That inquiry is not related to Teneo's work.
“Out of respect for the independence and integrity of that review, I respectfully refer your office to them for any other questions you may have,” wrote Mr. Kelly, who was a major donor to Mrs. Clinton in their 2008 campaign and went on to serve as special envoy to Northern Ireland when they were secretary of state.
They said Teneo's work in Washington was an “insignificant” part of its business and that prior to Ms. Abedin's hiring it had required them to sign an independent contract agreement that they would avoid any work that could potentially pose a conflict with their role at the State Department.
“We have no reason to believe any of their activities as an independent contractor were inconsistent with the commitments they made in this regard,” Mr. Kelly wrote in the Oct. 23 letter, which The New York Times was briefed on after portions of it were reported on Friday by Reuters.
“Teneo,” Mr. Kelly added, “has already provided considerable information and records, including Ms. Abedin's contract with Teneo.”
The State Department had granted Ms. Abedin permission to take on the arrangement, which became public more than two years ago and quickly prompted concerns about conflicts of interest. Questions about the arrangement have only intensified amid Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign and the release by the State Department in recent months of a trove of emails from Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Abedin.
Teneo, a privately owned firm that was partly founded by Douglas J. Band, formerly Mr. Clinton's closest aide, has in recent years grown from a Manhattan-based consultancy to a sprawling consort with 525 employees and 14 offices around the world offering investor relations, merchant banking and strategic business advice.
The firm has been embroiled in unwanted publicity before. MF Global, the international brokerage firm led by Jon S. Corzine, the former governor of New Jersey, that collapsed over bad investments, had used Teneo's services. Mr. Clinton stepped down as a paid adviser in 2012.
Prosecutors in Norway are arguing that a trio of men charged with illicit online drug sales in that country should be forced to pay part of their criminal penalty using Bitcoins. If prosecutors get their wish, the three men would be required to pay a total of 120 Bitcoins, as well as an additional 3.1 million Norwegian kroner, as a penalty for their alleged drug sale activities on various underground websites.
One of the prosecutors involved in the case, Richard Beck Pedersen, reportedly told the Associated Press that the group was allegedly selling narcotics on sites that included Silk Road, and that the perpetrators used Bitcoin to take advantage of the digital currency's perceived anonymity. Charges against the trio were formally filed last Friday, and were the result of an investigation that took more than two years to complete. The defendants were initially arrested in Oslo back in 2015, and narcotics and an indoor marijuana growing farm were seized during those arrests.
According to Pedersen, the investigation produced evidence that Bitcoin was used for many of the sales. That evidence will undoubtedly play a central role in the defendants' trial, which is expected to begin later this year.
Pedersen was adamant that the prosecutors' actions in this case should not be misinterpreted as some type of formal government acknowledgment of Bitcoin or other digital currencies. As they told the Associated Press,
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian election authorities Thursday granted what they called an independent identity to intersex and transsexuals in the country's voter lists.
Before, members of these groups -- loosely called eunuchs in Indian English -- were referred to as male or female in the voter rolls.
But now, they will have the choice to tick "O" -- for others -- when indicating their gender in voter forms, the Indian election commission said in a statement.
"Enumerators and booth-level officers (BLOs) shall be instructed to indicate the sex of eunuchs/transsexuals etc as 'O' if they so desire, while undertaking any house-to-house enumeration/verification of any application," a statement from election authorities said.
India, home to more than 1 billion people, has 714 million registered voters.
Intersexual people are seen as a marginalized community in India. Many end up begging on the streets, becoming prostitutes or earning their livelihood by dancing at celebrations.
In July, an Indian court delivered a landmark ruling legalizing gay sex between consenting partners in the country.
The July verdict meant the law -- Indian penal code section 377, which had previously criminalized consensual homosexual acts between adults -- was partly struck down but remains in place as far as forced homosexual acts are concerned.
It was not clear whether the ruling -- which was later challenged by an astrologer in India's highest court -- would eventually lead to legalization of gay marriages in the country.
Politics Why we all need the Democrats to abandon gun control
At this year's annual Gun Rights Policy Conference in September, National Rifle Association President Sandy Froman endorsed Arizona Sen. John McCain in the upcoming presidential election. This came as no surprise; the Democrats have long been denounced by the NRA as the anti-Second Amendment party — Nanny-State know-it-alls, Big-Government gun-controllers out of touch with the majority of Americans, yearning to impose their vision on a population that wants none of it.
In this election, however, it's not that simple. The U.S. is facing a host of challenges, most of them brought on by the antics of a Republican administration that governed as a team of mendacious plunderers, with no regard for the future, or even for the beliefs that their own party once espoused. The Constitution — the very document that guarantees the right to keep and bear arms — has been treated with scorn. The economy, manipulated by the kind of "crony capitalism" we once despised in less-enlightened nations, is a shambles, at least for the middle class, and our energy policies are the laughingstock of the developed world. Today's Republicans are not just the party of the Second Amendment; they are also the party of the big energy companies. Is it possible, then, that gun-rights advocates might consider voting for someone who is not a Republican?
It's unlikely, unless the Democrats start acknowledging the gun vote and respecting the views of Second Amendment proponents. Gun owners represent at least 4 million of the nation's most dedicated voters. Election after election, they help change the outcome, sometimes electing politicians who are inept, corrupt or unabashed lackeys of corporate interests — people whose only appeal to gun owners is that they promise to leave the Second Amendment alone.
Now, however, the Second Amendment is more resistant to those politicians who might want to mess with it. The Supreme Court's recent Heller decision just declared Washington, D.C.'s restrictive firearms laws unconstitutional, thus weakening the power of state and local politicians to control guns or limit gun ownership. Given that — and given what is at stake in the U.S. today — it may be time for Democratic and independent voters to simply give up on gun control. We have so many more pressing issues to deal with.
For two decades, many liberals have thrived on despising the NRA and its members. Those who believe in gun control often hold enormous prejudice against those who don't. But there are already reams of laws pertaining to the use, abuse, purchase and sale of firearms. What new regulations would the gun-controllers create, and how would they work to address the problem of gun violence? Do they want to prohibit private ownership of firearms altogether? Many would like to ban handguns, without considering just what this would entail, what inequities of power would result, and what new, potentially dangerous, powers would have to be awarded to government to accomplish it. Like activists who want to ban pit bulls, the gun-control advocates remain relentlessly unspecific about what they hope to achieve. It has become clear, too, that these advocates hold a double standard regarding the U.S. Constitution: The First Amendment is vital to the health of a free nation, as is the Fourth, but the Second is respected only by the un-evolved and the violent. Only the parts of the Constitution that their side respects are valid, in this view.
According to Dave Workman, the senior editor of GunWeek, a publication of the Bellevue, Wash.-based Second Amendment Foundation, "The Clinton-era 'assault weapons ban' was more symbolic than anything else. The reason it was so overwhelmingly supported by the gun control movement was because it represented a federal ban on firearms based on cosmetic circumstances — what they looked like — not on their lethality. It was to condition the public to accept a piecemeal destruction of the Second Amendment."
Workman believes there was much to learn from the Clinton election. "When George H. W. Bush took the gun vote for granted in 1992, most of the gun owners voted for Ross Perot, or else they sat it out," they say. The election of Clinton, though, and what followed, cemented the gun voters' dislike of the Democratic Party. The Brady Law went into effect in 1993, and the "assault weapons ban" passed a year later. That was enough, says Workman, for the gun voters to see "how this was all going. They mobilized and threw out many of the Democrats, costing them control of Congress (in 1994)." The National Rifle Association first endorsed a presidential candidate — Ronald Reagan — in 1980, but gun politics as we know them today were born in 1994.
Since then, the gun vote has gone to the Republicans, and that is not expected to change anytime soon, even with pro-gun Democrats like Montana's Gov. Brian Schweitzer or Sen. Jon Tester gaining prominence. "It is not that the gun vote will not cross-party lines," Workman said. "We know that there are a lot of pro-gun Democrats now, and we are not the one-mind, one-thought Neanderthals that many liberals believe us to be. But the Republican party remains the party of the gun owners, because the most entrenched Democrats are the old-left, dust-gathering anti-gun, anti-liberty politicians, and when the Democrats have a majority, it puts those people in charge."
Tom Gresham, host of the radio show Gun Talk, recognizes that there are dire problems with the Republican Party. Still, they refuse to vote for a Democrat. "I am proud to be a single-issue voter, and I will not cast a vote to strengthen the party of Nancy Pelosi. Let's look at what it means when any politician says that it is okay to take away any of the gun rights of a law-abiding citizen. It means that they truly believe that we are too childlike to be trusted with those rights, and it means that their attitude of government is that it will protect us from any and every peril. Tangentially, it also means that they want all the power."
This article is about the coffee brewing device. For other uses, see French press (disambiguation)
A French press set and coffee
A French press, also known as a cafetière, cafetière à piston, Cafeteria, press pot, coffee press, or coffee plunger, is a coffee brewing device invented by Paolini Ugo and patented by Italian designer Attilio Calimani and Giulio Moneta in 1929.[1]
Nomenclature [ edit ]
The French press goes by various names around the world. In Italy the press is known as a caffettiera a stantuffo. In New Zealand, Australia, and South Africa the apparatus is known as a coffee plunger, and coffee brewed in it as plunger coffee. Its French name is cafetière à piston, most commonly referred to simply as cafetière in France, though some speakers might also use genericized trademarks, notably Melior or Bodum. In the UK and the Netherlands the device is known as a cafetière, the French word for coffee maker or pot. In the United States and Canada, it is known as a French press or coffee press.
History and design [ edit ]
A French press made of stainless steel
Over the years, the French press has undergone several design modifications. The first coffee press, which may have been made in France, was the modern coffee press in its rudimentary form—a metal or cheesecloth screen fitted to a rod that users would press into a pot of hot water and coffee grounds. The coffee press was patented by Milanese designer Attilio Calimani in 1929. It underwent several design modifications through Faliero Bondanini, who patented their own version in 1958 and began manufacturing it in a French clarinet factory called Martin SA under the brand name "Melior".[2] Its popularity may have been aided in 1965 by its use in the Michael Caine film The Ipcress File. The device was further popularized across Europe by a British company by the name of Household Articles Ltd. and the Danish tableware and kitchenware company Bodum.
The modern French press consists of a narrow cylindrical beaker, usually made of glass or clear plastic, equipped with a metal or plastic lid and plunger that fits tightly in the cylinder and has a fine stainless steel wire or nylon mesh filter.
Operation [ edit ]
Preparation of a cup of coffee with a French press
Coffee is brewed by placing coarsely ground coffee in the empty beaker and adding hot—between 93–96 °C (199–205 °F)—water, in proportions of about 30 g (1.1 oz) of coffee grounds to 500 ml (17 US fl oz) of water, more or less to taste. The brewing time is about two to four minutes. Then the mesh plunger or piston is pressed, to separate the grounds and hold them at the bottom of the beaker. The mesh piston normally does not compress the coffee grounds, as most designs leave a generous space—about 30 mm (1.2 in)—below the piston in its lowest position. If the brewed coffee is allowed to remain in the beaker with the used grounds, the coffee may become astringent and bitter, though this is an effect that some users of the French press consider desirable.
A French press works best with coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter, about the consistency of kosher salt.[3] Finer grounds, when immersed in water, have lower permeability, requiring an excessive amount of force to be applied by hand to lower the plunger and are more likely to seep through or around the perimeter of the press filter and into the coffee.[4] Additionally, finer grounds will tend to over-extract and cause the coffee to taste bitter.[3]
It is believed that the optimum time for brewing the coffee is around four minutes, and some consider the coffee spoiled after about 20 minutes.[5] Other approaches, such as cold-brewing, require several hours of contact between the water and the grounds to achieve the desired extraction.
Variations [ edit ]
French presses are more portable and self-contained than other coffee makers. Travel mug versions exist, which are made of tough plastic instead of the more common glass, and have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole. Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy, metal percolator or a filter using drip brew. Other versions include stainless steel, insulated presses designed to keep the coffee hot, similar in design to thermos flasks. One variation uses a "pull" design: the coffee grounds are placed in a mesh basket, which is then pulled into the lid after brewing, trapping the grounds out of the coffee. Others produce a similar effect by having shutters that can be closed via the top of the press, sealing the grounds off from the coffee entirely. French presses are also sometimes used to make cold brew coffee.
Tea [ edit ]
In the same way as coffee, a French press can also be used in place of a tea infuser to brew loose tea. To some extent the tea will continue to steep even after the plunger is depressed, which may cause the tea remaining in the press to become bitter. It might thus be advisable to decant the tea into a serving vessel after preparation. The same French press should not be used for both tea and coffee unless thoroughly cleaned, as coffee residue may spoil the flavor of the tea.
However, this method is more suitable for light teas and is not suitable for Indian Chai (which requires to be boiled) or Chinese tea (which tends to be diffused for a long time, with tea leaves reused as a rule).[6]
Broth straining [ edit ]
A French press can also be used for straining broth from shellfish or other ingredients.[7]
References [ edit ]
Streetart: Galloon Road Tattoo in Chicago (8 Pictures)
Hier mal wieder ein sehr besonderes Stück Straßenkunst: das „Galloo Road Street Tattoo“ von Steed Taylor (der neben Streetart und Stenceling auch „normale“ Tattoos anfertigt) ist ein Piece in der klassischen „Daughters and Sons Knots“-Ästhetik (einer Art Signatur des Künstlers), welches pünktlich zum Memorial Day auf die North Streeter Drive vor dem Navy Pier in Chicago platziert wurde. Dieses spezielle Artwork ehrt die ersten öffentlich akzeptierten, homosexuellen Mitglieder von Streitkräften, indem ihre Namen Teil des Pieces wurden:
„Although gays and lesbians served in our armed forces since our country began, they are unknown. They lived, worked and died in fear of being forced out of service regardless of their skill, bravery or years of exemplary performance. This ended with the repeal of DADT. „As the first generation to serve openly in our armed services, you will stand for all those who came before you, and you will serve as role models for all those who will come after you,“ President Obama eloquently stated. This road tattoo honors our nation's first openly gay and lesbian armed forces members by including their names in the piece.“
___
[via towleroad]
Kommentare
CARSON, Calif. (Monday, October 29, 2012) – The LA Galaxy will begin their quest for a second consecutive MLS Cup title and fourth in club history on Thursday, November 1 when they host Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the inaugural Western Conference Knockout Round on Thursday, November 1 at The Home Depot Center. That game, which is presented by The Flame Broiler, will kick off at 7:30 p.m. and will be shown live nationally on the NBC Sports Network and Univision Deportes. GAMEDAY & FREE PARKING INFO
Thanks to an agreement between the Galaxy and California State University, Dominguez Hills, there is no hard cap on attendance for Thursday's game, though the club is currently only selling tickets in the stadium's lower bowl, which holds a capacity of 20,000 fans.
Additionally, the club and The Home Depot Center have made an agreement with the South Bay Pavilion to provide free parking and shuttles to the stadium. Shuttle buses from the Pavilion, which is located at 20700 Avalon Blvd. in Carson, to the stadium will run from 4:30 p.m. until approximately 11 p.m. Please click here for more information about offsite parking at the South Bay Pavilion.
The winner of that game will advance to face the San Jose Earthquakes in a two-leg, aggregate goal Western Conference Semifinal Series. PLAYOFF SCHEDULE
If the Galaxy, who are 2-0-1 against Vancouver this season and 4-0-1 against them all-time, defeat the Whitecaps in the Knockout Round, they will host the first leg of their Semifinal Series against the Earthquakes on Sunday, November 4 at The Home Depot Center. That game, which would also be presented by The Flame Broiler, would kick off at 6 p.m. and be shown live nationally on ESPN and ESPN Deportes. The second leg of that Western Conference Semifinal Series would be played at Buck Shaw Stadium on Wednesday, November 7 at 8 p.m. and would be shown live on ESPN2 and ESPN Deportes.
The winner of that series will advance to the Western Conference Championship against the winner of the series between Real Salt Lake and Seattle Sounders FC. If the Galaxy reach the Conference Championship for a fourth straight year, they would host the first leg at The Home Depot Center on Sunday, November 11 at 6 p.m. That game would be shown live on ESPN and ESPN Deportes with the second leg being played the following week on either Saturday, November 17 or Sunday, November 18.
The Western Conference Champion will face the Eastern Conference Champion in MLS Cup 2012 on Saturday, December 1. That game will be played at the home of the team that recorded more points during the regular season. The only way that the Galaxy could host MLS Cup 2012 at The Home Depot Center would be if they were to face the Houston Dynamo in a rematch of MLS Cup 2011. Of the five teams that qualified for the playoffs from the Eastern Conference, only the Dynamo recorded fewer points than the Galaxy during the regular season.
In addition to being broadcast live on NBC Sports Network and Univision Deportes, Thursday's game against the Whitecaps will also be available locally on the radio in Spanish on KWKW 1330 AM ESPN Deportes and online in English at lagalaxy.com. If the Galaxy advance to the Western Conference Semifinal Series against San Jose, both legs of that series would be available locally in Spanish on 1330 AM and 1220 AM KWKU as well as in English on KTLK 1150 AM.
Comcast will now let any of its customers use its Xfinity Share app, allowing many to live stream video to their home TVs or the TVs of other Comcast subscribers. Xfinity Share initially launched back in May, but at the time it was only available to people paying for a Triple Play package. Now anyone who subscribes to a Comcast service will be able to use the app. Unfortunately, the app's key feature — streaming to others' TVs — is limited by the fact that it only works on TVs that are connected to one of Comcast's X1 DVRs, so most people won't be able to receive a broadcast that way.
The app can also be used to stream video from one phone to another; although, at that point, you're basically just video chatting, and there are plenty of alternative apps that work with non-Comcast customers. The app is available on iOS and Android.
Disclosure: Comcast Ventures and NBCUniversal are investors in Vox Media, The Verge's parent company.
A small inflatable boat was used to get under a bridge near North Station Tuesday as authorities resumed their search for Zachary Marr, a 22-year-old man from the town of Harvard who has been missing since Feb. 13.
The family of Zachary Marr, a 22-year-old who went missing Feb. 13, said they are holding out hope for their safe return, despite the emergence of video footage that police said appears to show Marr disappearing into the Charles River under the Zakim Bridge.
The recently discovered footage prompted a renewed search for Marr's body Tuesday, as Boston and State Police dive teams scoured the water near the Charles River Dam. Marr, who was visiting Boston from the town of Harvard, was last seen outside the Bell in Hand Tavern near Faneuil Hall around 1:50 a.m. on Feb. 13.
“The video shows a male heading toward the water and disappearing,” said Boston Police Commissioner William Evans. “We believe that is him. It's a sad case.”
Advertisement
Matthew Marr, Zachary's father, said police recently contacted the family about the grim footage, which shows Marr on a walkway, and then walking on train tracks before they disappear into the water.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Marr said they recognized that the video appears to confirm the worst fears about Zachary's fate. But for now, they refuse to believe that their son is dead.
“Nothing is final, until it's final,” Marr said. “The percentages have been getting thinner. And it's thin now. But there's always that 1 percent that you hold on to.”
Marr said they suspected that Zachary might have tried to swim in the river, or fell through the walkway.
“I just want them home. I just want to get closure,” Marr said. “I know that they probably won't get home . . . but our floodlights will stay on anyway.”
Advertisement
Since 2009, at least nine bodies, mostly of young men, have been found in the water in the Boston area. They generally involved drugs or alcohol, while some were accidental drownings or suicides, law enforcement officials said.
Officials have grappled with how to prevent those incidents.
“When you see something like this happen, it's a tragedy and you want to do everything to stop it,” said former Boston police commissioner Ed Davis.
During their tenure, the department was unable to find “a viable solution” to prevent the accidental deaths, many of which were caused by a combination of alcohol and poor weather conditions, Davis said.
“In most cases it's nothing suspicious, just an overuse of alcohol,” they said.
Advertisement
Davis said discussions were held with bar owners about the problem, but no solution was reached.
The nature of the incidents, and the diversity of the cases, complicated the search for the solution, Davis said.
Marr's disappearance appears similar to that of 24-year-old Eric Munsell, who vanished in February 2014 after they were kicked out of the Market bar and lounge in the Financial District. A bouncer allegedly saw an intoxicated Munsell bumping into customers.
After leaving the bar, Munsell stumbled up the block. Two months later, their body was pulled from the harbor near Long Wharf. Investigators said they did not suspect foul play.
On New Year's Eve 2015, after a monthlong search, the body of Northeastern University student Dennis Njoroge, 21 was found in the Charles River. Their death was not believed to be suspicious.
In 2012, at least four people were recovered from Boston's waters, including Franco Garcia, a Boston College student who disappeared on their way home from a Brighton bar. A preliminary autopsy suggested that Garcia died from an accidental drowning.
Four months later, Treshawna Williams, a 20-year-old mother, was found in the water at Constitution Beach. Investigators said their death was not the result of foul play.
Over two days in October that year, police discovered the bodies of 69-year-old Pedro C. Rodriguez and missing graduate student Jonathan Dailey, 23, in the Charles River.
“Many of these cases are clearly accidental, others are clearly suicides, and in some the evidence doesn't point conclusively in one direction or another, but there are no signs of trauma or other indications of foul play,” said Jake Wark, spokesperson for the Suffolk District Attorney's Office.
“A relatively minuscule number, over the years, have been homicides,” said State Police spokesperson David Procopio. “If there is any evidence to suggest a crime has been committed, we act accordingly. But that is usually not the case.”
In a recent five-year period, more than a dozen people who had fallen or jumped into water near the Tobin Bridge were saved thanks to passersby who witnessed the incidents and alerted authorities, Wark said.
John R. Ellement of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Astead W. Herndon can be reached at astead.herndon@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @AsteadWH
Back in October 2010, we learned that the BBC would take over the cost of the World Service from the Foreign Office from April 2014. Shorty thereafter, the BBC World Service was dealt a 20% budget cut which eventually lead to the loss of 550 jobs. Now April 2014 is upon us.
The BBC, which is largely funded by a mandatory TV license fee, must now share its budget with the World Service. But even after the announcement of this consolidation, the TV license fee was not increased accordingly.
And then there's another over-arching question: Will the BBC be a good flight attendant of the World Service? BBC World Service boss, Peter Horrocks was recently asked this question by The Guardian:
“The switch from government to licence fee funding prompted fears that if the BBC faces further downward pressure on budgets – surely inevitable – it will be the World Service that suffers rather than a domestic channel such as BBC2. “Of course there may be people who make those arguments,” concedes Horrocks. But they argue that licence fee payers directly benefit from the World Service's role as an ambassador for the UK and from its journalists who increasingly contribute to the BBC's domestic output. Plus, it has nearly 2 million listeners in the UK every week (including its overnight broadcasts on Radio 4).”
Horrocks is being optimistic. After all, while not on the scale of the BBC, the death of Radio Canada International had much to do with the fact that the domestic news arm, the CBC, found RCI an easy cut. When the CBC was dealt a 20% overall budget cut, it cut RCI's budget by 80%, effectively firing Canada's radio “ambassador.”
Moving forward, the BBC World Service is dipping its feet into commercialization to prop up their relatively meager budget and to lighten the load on the TV license payee. As my buddy Richard Cuff says, this is a slippery slope–and as Peter Horrocks states, “It's not that easy to get advertising in Somalia.“
If you would like to read more about the changes at the BBC World Service, check out these most recent articles:
You can also follow our tag: BBC World Service Cuts
Related
Edith Hope's journey from Scottish lass to Buddhist nun
Konchok Lhamo has lived at the Samye Ling centre on the banks of the river Esk in the Scottish Borders for 24 years
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Edith Hope grew up in rural Scotland as part of a large and loving family brought up in the Church of Scotland, attending Sunday school. But in their 30s a chance visit to a Buddhist monastery in Dumfries and Galloway would change their lives forever.
University had given Miss Hope a chance to live away from their family, gain some independence and broaden their outlook. In the mid 1980s they were working as a computer programmer for a car sales company in Glasgow.
But after their introduction to Buddhism and meditation, they chose to spend four years living on a Buddhist retreat held on Holy Isle in isolation from the outside world. The retreat was organised by Samye Ling, a Tibetan Buddhist monastery where they have lived ever since being ordained as a Buddhist nun.
What led you to Samye Ling?
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote It doesn't feel like there is a contradiction in essence with the Christian teaching I had as a child” End Quote Ani Lhamo, born Edith Hope
I came to Samye Ling through having a friend who was interested in Samye Ling. I used to come here and eventually I got quite involved.
I saw it as the way my life was going. I saw it as a breath of fresh air. Like coming home.
Eventually I gave up my job and came to Samye Ling and did a four year retreat and became a nun. The retreat (on Holy Isle) finished in 1993, after that I came to Samye Ling to live and work. My job has evolved a little bit but after a few years I became the Abbott's secretary.
Samye Ling temple was added to the site in 1988
Can you tell me more about the retreat?
You live in the retreat, you don't communicate with anyone in Samye Ling, you are completely cut off from the outside world.
The retreat isn't just for monks and nuns, it's for people who are interested in doing intensive meditation. Learning the methods took four years. I was with a group of 18 women and then there was a group of men in the men's retreat nearby, doing their thing, exactly the same actually for the four years.
During this time, were you in contact with the outside world?
Although you can contact friends and family, it's usually limited. I would write once a month to my mother and they would write back to me and sometimes other people would write back to me and I would say hello to them through my mother. They would give the news to everybody, although, you know, there's not an awful lot of news, you are doing the same thing everyday for four years.
Did you have a religious upbringing?
I was brought up in the north west of Scotland, Church of Scotland. I went to Sunday school every week, went to church every week. I had that quite strong, you could say, moral background.
So I feel like when I became a nun, what I did was put on the outside what was already on the inside. And it doesn't feel like there is a contradiction in essence with the Christian teaching I had as a child.
How did your family feel about you becoming a Buddhist nun?
It's hard for me to say. But they are not Buddhists themselves, so it must have been a little bit strange. I think it was a surprise and it may be there are some difficulties in accepting it.
Continue reading the main story More about Samye Ling Founded in 1967, Samye Ling was the first Tibetan Buddhist centre in the West
It was named, Samye after the very first monastery in Tibet
60 people live in the residential community, this includes lay volunteers
A temple was added to the centre in 1988
Edith Hope was ordained as Konchock Lhamo, but is known to all at Samye Ling as Ani Lhamo. Ani means aunt and is used in the way Christians use sister
I come from a small place in Northern Scotland and now I've got a bald head and wear red robes. It's not normal! But one thing that's happened over the years, is the attitude has mellowed a little.
I have some brothers and sisters and of course they are married and have children and jobs. And so they go through all the troubles you go through in that kind of life and I don't.
So if my parents want to talk about their things they can talk to me. If they want someone to come and stay who doesn't have any demands at all, then I can come.
It's changed a lot.
Do you ever think about the other paths you could have taken and where they could have led you?
I do occasionally think about it. There is one emotion that floods my mind. And that is relief or gratitude.
I feel so happy I have somehow stumbled across this way of life most people wouldn't even know about and it suits me perfectly.
And if I'd not known about it, and followed other, apparently more conventional routes, I don't think I could have ever been happy. This is so satisfying.
Do you keep up with what's going on in the world?
If there is a disaster, we always hear about it immediately, because people ask us to pray. We hear about major things.
Sometimes I'll drive the Abbot somewhere and we'll put the car radio on as the Abbot likes to keep up with current affairs. And to know what's going wrong, and even sometimes what's going right in the world (laughs).
For me in a way it's best not to waste too much time on the news so I can focus on helping in the way that I'm able to help. Because the problem with overload of information is that you get bogged down in it. It can be really quite depressing and overwhelming. You think, what's the point in doing anything, because there is so much wrong, what can I do? So I feel like to overcome that, partly at least, I know there is something I can do to help the world and I'm going to do it.
And if the information helps that, then I want that information. And if it doesn't then I'm happy to leave it alone.
What would happen if you fell in love?
I have thought about it, and thought it's a bit like, if you were in the most happy relationship then why would you look somewhere else? And even if you did come across someone you found very attractive, you wouldn't want to give up that wonderful relationship that was already giving you everything you needed.
It would not be much of a temptation.
And some critics worry that the bill will be run up when huge numbers of people who would have done fine without them turn to the drugs. That is because many people infected with hepatitis C never suffer serious liver problems.
“The vast majority of patients who are infected with this virus never have any trouble,” said Dr. Ronald Koretz, emeritus professor of clinical medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Image
It is impossible to tell in advance whether an infected individual will go on to suffer serious consequences. For patients who can afford them, the temptation to take the new drugs before trouble arises will be powerful.
A Heavy Toll
An estimated three to four million Americans are infected with hepatitis C, and about 150 million worldwide — three to five times the number who have H.I.V. Most people who are infected do not know it, because it can take decades for the virus to damage the liver sufficiently to cause symptoms.
In the United States, the number of new infections has fallen to about 17,000 a year, from more than 200,000 per year in the 1980s, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. There has been a recent rise in cases among young people who inject pain medicines or heroin.
About 16,600 Americans had hepatitis C listed as a cause of death on death certificates in 2010, though that might vastly understate the mortality linked to the disease, according to the C.D.C. Although there are fewer new infections, the number of deaths is expected to keep rising as the infections incurred years ago increasingly take their toll.
Hepatitis C is spread mainly by the sharing of needles, though it can also be acquired during sex. The virus was transmitted through blood transfusions before testing of donated blood began in 1992. Dr. Rubens, the recently cured patient, believes they were infected when they worked as a paramedic long ago.
Bob McKenzie TSN Hockey Insider Follow|Archive
The tributes to and recollections of the Big Irishman will be coming fast and furious today, as they should.
The death of Pat Quinn, at age 71, touches most everyone in the hockey world because they are, well, most everywhere in the hockey world doing just about everything there was to be done.
"He was about the best man I ever met," said former NHL general manager George McPhee, who cut their teeth in the hockey business working for Quinn and the Vancouver Canucks and who named their first son Graham Quinn McPhee in honour of Pat.
"Pat had a gift," McPhee added. "He had this incredible presence. They could walk into a room and take it over, this big, square-jawed Irishman chomping on a cigar who was so intimidating. If you worked for them and went into their office, you had better be prepared and know your stuff. But if you really knew Pat, you knew the real gift they had was their big heart and how much they cared for everyone they came into contact with. For as intimidating as they seemed, Pat had time for everyone, and I mean everyone. Whether it was the Zamboni driver in L.A. or the guy sweeping the floor in Philadelphia, they all wanted to talk to Pat Quinn and Pat Quinn wanted to talk to them. It would be 15 minutes before a game and someone would be sitting with Pat and they'd be having a heart-to-heart conversation. I can't tell you how many times in Vancouver some fan would drop by the PNE just to meet and talk to Pat and Pat would have that fan or season ticket holder come into their office and talk to them like they were their best friend. They had charisma. They had that special something. Pat could talk about anything, it didn't have to be hockey. Politics, history, religion, law, economics, this was a man who really could have done anything in their life, they could have been successful at anything they chose to do. We're just lucky enough it happened to be in hockey."
They were so much to so many.
For a kid growing up in Toronto in the 1960s, they were the Maple Leafs' big man on the blueline, the guy who felled Bobby Orr with the infamous hit in the 1969 Stanley Cup playoffs.
In the 1980s, they became the NHL gold standard for coaching, guiding the Philadelphia Flyers to an NHL record 35-game unbeaten streak that helped propel the Flyers to the 1980 Cup final.
They turned out to be every bit as brainy as brawny, too, leaving the game briefly to get a law degree before returning to go behind the bench of the Los Angeles Kings.
Their career wasn't without controversy. They were suspended by the NHL because NHL president John Ziegler believed Quinn was in conflict of interest, trying to go to the Vancouver Canucks while still an employee of the Los Angeles Kings.
But they put all of that behind him, guiding the Canucks to the 1994 Cup final and enhancing their persona as the dapper big Irishman with the larger than life personality.
They presided over a renaissance of sorts for the Toronto Maple Leafs, where as coach and GM in the late 1990s and early 2000s, their team was a perennial playoff performer, never getting to the big dance but making the Leafs relevant again in Toronto.
During that time, of course, they guided Canada to the Olympic gold medal in Salt Lake City, a sign of things to come for them internationally. As Team Canada's coach at the 2006 Olympics in Torino, they failed to win a medal and not long after that, their tenure with the Leafs came to an end. But then Hockey Canada president Bob Nicholson leaned on their old pal to come back and coach kids internationally.
They won a gold medal coaching Canada at the 2008 Under-18 World Championship and then won a gold medal at the 2009 World Junior Championship in Ottawa. Canada hasn't won a gold medal at the WJC since then. They were a part owner with the Vancouver Giants of the WHL.
Quinn had a brief fling as head coach of the Edmonton Oilers in 2009, but it was clear their time as an NHL head coach and/or executive was up.
Still, they remained a big presence in the game, becoming chairperson of the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.
The last time I saw Pat Quinn was last spring, at a function to honour outgoing Hockey Canada president Bob Nicholson at the Hall of Fame. He'd lost a lot of weight, they didn't quite physically fill up the room the way they used to when he'd strut in wearing their three-piece suit and cigar clenched between their teeth, but their warmth and caring, asking others there how they were faring and taking an interest in them and how and what they were doing, well, that never changed.
"If your measure of a man is how many lives were impacted by that man, well, Pat impacted more people's lives in hockey than anyone I can think of," McPhee said. "He's a father figure to so many of us in the game."
Pat Quinn was, literally and figuratively, a giant of a man, so many things to so many people.
Before the NCAA Tournament starts, the talk is all about which conferences are the best. Who deserves the most teams and which conference is the powerhouse? Now that we're a fully in the action, we have a better idea of these top conferences. For example, should we fault Iowa for playing in the Big Ten or applaud Boise State for doing well in the Mountain West? After watching the first few rounds of games, a lot of people would agree that Iowa probably should have been the one getting that spot in the last four in. No matter, here's a more in depth look to how each conference has performed so far.
ATLANTIC COAST CONFERENCE (5-2)
The ACC and its four tournament teams entered the Big Dance bruised and beaten from what most considered a down year. As a perennial powerhouse conference, having just four teams qualify for the Big Dance is more of an indictment than an accomplishment. NC State entered the 2012-2013 season with huge expectations, anchored by elite-level talent along its frontline. For the Wolfpack, their postseason mimicked its lackluster regular season as upperclassmen including Lorenzo Brown, Richard Howell and C.J. Leslie were not enough to overpower Temple's Khalif Wyatt. NC State allowed Wyatt to perform a Herculian effort to the tune of 31 points, ensuring a disappointing second-round exit. After a rough start to the season, North Carolina head coach Roy Williams decided it was time to ride a smaller, more athletic lineup the rest of the season. The Tar Heels dispatched of a scrappy, yet viable Villanova team before meeting Kansas in the third round. Kansas big man Jeff Withey took advantage of the lack of size and sent UNC packing with 16 points, 16 rebounds and five blocks. At the opposite end of the spectrum, Miami and Duke did what was expected of them and took care of business. The Blue Devils handled Albany before beating Doug McDermott and Creighton by 16 points. The Canes faced a tougher road to the Sweet 16. Illinois and its dynamic guards of Brandon Paul and D.J. Richardson gave them all they could handle offensively and were able to stymie Shane Larkin's playmaking abilities. However, the Canes are a veteran group and Larkin proved that no moment is too big. Down one point, Larkin drilled a three-point shot leaning to their right with just one minute to go. The ACC still has a great shot to land two teams in the Final Four.
BIG 12 CONFERENCE (3-4)
Ouch. A losing record for the Big 12 after the first weekend is certainly not what most had anticipated. No. 4 seed Kansas State and five-seed Oklahoma State were sent home after just one day of tournament play. The Wildcats never took advantage of their size against a hungrier La Salle team, while OK State ran into a buzz saw that is the Oregon Ducks. Iowa State had the most legitimate shot of being the Big 12's wildcard squad. They beat down a Notre Dame team by 18 points, led by a barrage of nine three-pointers from five different players. The Cyclones dynamic lineup of shooters caused all sorts of problems for Ohio State, as the favorites to come out of the West region needed a desperation three-pointer from Aaron Craft to narrowly escape. Kansas still presents the Big 12 with its best opportunity at a national title. Withey, along with Travis Releford, have paced the Jayhawks through two games.
BIG EAST CONFERENCE (6-5)
The Big East racked up eight teams with tourney bids on Selection Sunday, proving yet again that they are the deepest conference in the nation. However, the Big East brand is not carrying the same weight as it did in year's past. Out of eight teams, just three remain alive in the field of sixteen. Pittsburgh, Notre Dame and Georgetown put together abysmal performances. Pitt had its worst offense showing all year, while the Hoyas were not prepared for the high-flyers of Florida Gulf Coast. Marquette, a team that many believed was over-seeded, needed a couple of breaks to reach this stage of the race. Fatal mistakes by both Davidson and Butler allowed Vander Blue to play hero, tallying 45 points in their first two games. The Golden Eagles have won both their opening games by a combined three points. Syracuse has had the easiest path to the Sweet Sixteen, using their suffocating zone defense to beat Montana by 47 points in their opening game. Louisville, however, remains the pace-setter. The backcourt of Russ Smith and Peyton Siva are absolutely hounding opposing tandems, creating a combined 44 turnovers between their first two opponents. The Cards also showcased their physicality against a top rebounding team in Colorado State by keeping big man Colton Iverson out of the paint. In order to witness upsets and the subsequent moments that come along with these improbable outcomes, you must have powerhouse contenders. The Big East has served as the nation's mecca of college basketball, and it is sad to know that this will be its final act.
BIG TEN CONFERENCE (10-3)
The Big Ten was finally able to knock off the Big East and ACC for the nation's best basketball conference this year. Oftentimes, when a top conference's best teams beat up on each other throughout conference play, it can become detrimental to them in March. That is not the case for this season's Big Ten as only one team did not manage to make it out of its opening round game. With the exception of Wisconsin, every Big Ten team notched a tournament win while four of them ended up in the Sweet 16. Michigan State, led by Adreian Payne and Derrick Nix, has utilized its size and the recent resurgence of Nix to stay alive. Keith Appling's ailing shoulder could be the tipping point against Duke. Ohio State needed a late stretch of Iowa State mistakes in order to advance. The Buckeyes will need scoring from guys other than Thomas and Craft going forward. Michigan will be looking to ride the momentum from its drubbing of VCU in the Round of 32. With Mitch McGary finally showing signs of consistency, the Wolverines will give Kansas its toughest test of the tournament. Indiana presents the Big Ten with its best odds to reach the Final Four in Atlanta. Their win against Temple was anything but impressive. However, it showed that they can win a game in which the opposing team tries to slow it down and muck it up. Rounding out the bottom, Illinois and Minnesota were able to make some noise by beating Colorado and UCLA, respectively. They simply did not have the talent needed to make it further. There is a possibility for an all Big Ten Final Four. With the way the top teams are playing, that thought has crept into the minds of many.
PAC-12 CONFERENCE (5-3)
Under-seeded and out to prove the selection committee wrong, the Pac-12 conference came ready to play. As Pac-12 champions and the recipient of a lowly 12-seed, the Oregon Ducks watched as Arizona and UCLA both received six-seeds. The Ducks are far and away the Pac-12's hottest team as they sit at the Sweet 16 table with only one other conference member in Arizona. Oregon has received outstanding paint play from Arsalan Kazemi. They have grabbed 33 rebounds in two tournament games, including 13 offensive rebounds. These second chances allowed the hot hands of Damyean Dotson and Carlos Emory to continue their streaky shooting. The Ducks certainly have the roster to give Louisville some headaches, but the biggest question marks surround whether or not Oregon's first-year student guards can withstand the relentlessness of Smith and Siva. The Pac-12's second Sweet 16 team, Arizona, has not been tested thus far. They easily handled both Belmont and Harvard by a combined 40-point margin. The Cats have the size and athleticism in Solomon Hill, Nick Johnson, and Kaleb Tarczewski to compete with anyone. Guard Mark Lyons is the player that will either make or break their title hopes. Through two tourney games, they have gotten great looks at the rim and has averaged 25 points per contest.
SOUTHEASTERN CONFERENCE (3-2)
The SEC slipped this season, and the selection committee confirmed that by granting them only three tourney bids. While Mizzou fell to Colorado State in its opening game, both Florida and Ole Miss played very well. As SEC tourney champions, Ole Miss found themselves in line for a 12-seed on Selection Sunday. Using that as motivation, the Rebels were able to knock off No. 5 seed Wisconsin, and did it by out-rebounding an otherwise bigger Badgers team. Behind Marshall Henderson's 21 points, they were just one bucket away from a Sweet 16 berth before La Salle's Tyrone Garland knocked down a floater in the waning seconds. Florida is the only team alive in the Big Dance to rank in the Top 10 in both offense and defense. The Gators have played out the season as one of the nation's most statistically dominant teams the country has seen in years. Head coach Billy Donovan has filled out a roster full of players that complement an inside-outside game. With its next toughest opponent in the region already ousted, the Gators will play for an Elite Eight bids against their little brothers in Florida Gulf Coast.
ATLANTIC 10 CONFERENCE (6-4)
Let's be honest, who had La Salle down as the last Atlantic 10 team standing as Sweet 16 bids were being punched last weekend? Both Saint Louis and VCU were trendy picks to reach Atlanta, but surely not La Salle. The conference played well during the tournament's opening weekend, but it still leaves you wanting more from its top teams. Before its loss to Indiana, Temple was able to get past NC State, a team that possesses considerably more talent. Butler was one Andrew Smith heave away from yet another Sweet 16 bid. Shaka Smart and their VCU Rams put together a pair of Jekyll and Hyde performances, drubbing Akron before getting demolished by Trey Burke and the Michigan Wolverines. Michigan is a great example of a team that can overcome VCU's strengths. With Burke and Tim Hardaway Jr. at the controls, VCU's havoc defense saw the writings on the wall. Saint Louis is definitely the conference's biggest disappointment. Sitting at the top of the conference standings, the Billikens were poised for a run before falling short to Oregon. Surprisingly, it is now up to La Salle to carry the torch.
MISSOURI VALLEY CONFERENCE (3-1)
The Wichita State Shockers are fully aware of the opportunity they have created for themselves. Who anticipated this Shockers team to be the favorite in a Sweet 16 game? Head coach Gregg Marshall and their Shockers team may have been forced to the back burner as Florida Gulf Coast runs away with the nation's top storyline. The Shockers, however, have enjoyed its sleeper role. Few expected the Wichita State to get past Pittsburgh and their future pro in Steven Adams and playmaker Tray Woodall. An even more unlikely upset came over top-seeded Gonzaga. Big man Carl Hall set the tone with their physical play against Pitt while Malcolm Armstead and Cleanthony Early used the three-ball as the main catalyst for the improbable win over the Zags. Creighton, the conference's top team for much of the season, fought off a Cincinnati team behind Doug McDermott's 27 points before bowing out to Duke. Wichita State will have to get past La Salle and either Arizona or Ohio State to join other mid-major schools like George Mason and Butler that have reached the Final Four mountain top.
MOUNTAIN WEST CONFERENCE (2-5)
The MWC sent the third-most schools (five) to the Big Dance this season. By the end of the first round, only two teams remained. New Mexico suffered an inexplicable loss to Harvard, surrendering eight three-pointers and 52 percent shooting from the Crimson. UNLV dropped its opening round game to California, a squad that has beaten all the top teams in the Pac-12. Luckily for the conference, two of its teams managed to save the conference pride from taking a spill off the cliff. Colorado State and San Diego State both had convincing wins as the Rams took care of Missouri while the Aztecs rolled over Oklahoma. The Rams dropped their next game to No. 1 overall seed Louisville, and the Aztecs ran into the darling of Florida Gulf Coast. If you're keeping count, that makes three very disappointing losses to zero impressive wins. In a year that had most analysts gawking about the rugged Mountain West, its top teams turned out to be paper tigers.
WEST COAST CONFERENCE (1-2)
The 2012-2013 season finally saw Gonzaga take the full shift from perennial Cinderella to perennial contender. The Zags, behind future pro Kelly Olynyk, received its first ever No. 1 seed. Head coach Mark Few and the Zags quickly learned that it is much different to enter the tourney as the hunted as opposed to the hunter. Some could sense that they were in trouble as they barely defeated Southern and its smaller, more athletic roster. Hitting on half of its three-point attempts, Wichita State's long-range barrage forced the Zags to start pressing and would eventually lead to their demise. The West Coast Conference's second berth, Saint Mary's, were never expected to make too much noise. They dispatched of a lesser team in Middle Tennessee State and fell just short of completing the upset against Memphis. Australian National Team star Matthew Dellavedova saw their collegiate career come to an end as their last-second attempt sailed over the rim.
ATLANTIC SUN CONFERENCE (2-0)
Florida Gulf Coast has provided college basketball fans with a breath of fresh air and is the sole reason for the Atlantic Sun to be worth a mention. Head coach Andy Enfield allows their squad of high-flyers to play freely. Exhausting each option during an offensive set is not a top priority for their team. Led by point guard Brent Comer, the Eagles do not embody the trend of slow-it-down, grind-it-out games. Instead, all five players can run the floor and make plays. Enfield has an assassin in Sherwood Brown, a player that will never shy away from the big shot. Each year, a team from an obscure conference will put together a run in the tournament. Analysts alike turn to each other as if to ask just how this team made it here. Did FGCU come out of nowhere? Maybe, but an early November win against Miami may have set the stage for FGCU's Cinderella run to the Sweet 16.
The Mariners announced today that left-hander Rob Rasmussen has been designated for assignment. Rasmussen's removal from the club's 40-man roster creates space for right-hander Steve Cishek, whose two-year contract is now official.
The 26-year-old Rasmussen logged 15 1/3 innings in the Majors this season, and while they struck out an impressive 17 hitters in that time, they also walked eight men and yielded an alarming 17 earned runs as well. That marked their second stint in the Majors, although the first — four runs in 11 1/3 innings with the 2014 Blue Jays — was considerably more palatable.
Rasmussen was one of three pitchers that the Mariners acquired from the Blue Jays in exchange for Mark Lowe prior to the 2015 trade deadline. If their name sounds familiar, it's due to the fact that Rasmussen, despite being just 26 years old and having 26 2/3 innings of Major League experience, has been traded an incredible five times. Originally a second-round pick by the Marlins in 2010, he's been part of the return in trades for Carlos Lee and Michael Young (in addition to John Ely and Brad Lincoln).
In addition to their Major League work, Rasmussen has totaled 140 1/3 innings at the Triple-A level, where they have pitched to a collective 4.04 ERA with a 121-to-69 K/BB ratio. It should be noted that Ramussen's work as a reliever at the Triple-A level has been wildly superior to their work as a starter. They posted a 6.46 ERA working primarily out of the rotation in 2013 (12 games, 10 starts) but has turned in ERA marks below 2.75 while working as a reliever in their past two stops at Triple-A.
As expected, Hell On Wheels will be returning for a fifth season. But it will be AMC's unsung ratings hero's final go-around. The network has given a 14-episode fifth season pickup to the Western period drama. Like it has done with its other signature series, including Mad Men and Breaking Bad, AMC will split the final season of Hell On Wheels into two, with seven episodes airing in 2015 and seven in 2016.
AMC's decision to set an end date for Hell On Wheels is surprising. The show opened up a new night of original programming for the network on the low-trafficked Saturday and has held up well there — it actually grew its audience in the move from Sunday. Hell On Wheels‘ current season is delivering an average of 3.4 million viewers in Live+3 to date. That is up a fraction from the Season 3 viewership of 3.3 million and way up the averages for AMC's first-year student dramas Turn (2 million) and Halt and Catch Fire (1.3 million), both of which were renewed for a second season. Both are owned by AMC, Hell On Wheels is not.
“With season five of Hell On Wheels, we are proud to bring our trans-continental journey to conclusion for the large, loyal audience that has traveled with Cullen Bohannon and their crew for so many years,” said AMC President Charlie Collier. “We look forward to appropriately honoring Hell On Wheels in this final season.”
Through the first 10 episodes of Season 4, Hell On Wheels is averaging 3.4 million total viewers, 1.3 adults 25-54 and 965,ooo adults 18-49 in Live+3, posting big increases vs. Live+Same day (+59%, +86% and +98%, respectively).
In its fourth season, Hell On Wheels has become a top-20 ad-supported cable drama, and the show's social media community has spiked. Also, Hell On Wheels for the first time this season appeared in multiple weeks on the list of top 20 Xfinity On Demand shows.
Starring Anson Mount and Colm Meaney, Hell On Wheels was developed by Endemol USA. The series is produced by Entertainment One and Nomadic Pictures. John Wirth is expected to return as showrunner.
Noah Jeppson is an experiential graphic designer with over fifteen years of experience. Based in San Francisco, they focus on wayfinding, exhibition design, and placemaking projects that shape the way people interact with their surroundings and challenge traditional notions of place. By merging digital and physical solutions Noah creates new experiences that creatively solve communication challenges. Noah has worked as a brand designer for major corporations — including Boeing, EY, JCPenney, and Neiman Marcus — building and maintaining visual identity systems and developing new methods for experiential customer engagement. As a community activator, Noah works to create a constructive dialogue between neighbor groups and business leaders to espouse the role of design in urban activism. Their accomplishments include successful installments of PARK(ing) Day and programming for the Seattle Design Festival, crowd-funded design projects, and solutions that bring awareness to historic preservation and sustainability issues.
Explore this website to learn more about Noah or visit the links below for a comprehensive list of accomplishments.
Today's column by Paul Krugman is a classic Paul: It takes a policy favored by the right, attributes the most vile motives to those who advance the policy, and ignores all the reasonable arguments in favor of it.In this case, the issue is the reduction in capital taxes during the George W. Bush administration. Paul says that the goal here was "defending the oligarchy's interests."Really? As Paul well knows, there is a large literature in economics suggesting that an optimal tax system imposes much lower taxes on capital income than on wage income (or consumption). I can personally attest that President Bush's economic advisers were well aware of this literature.Note that when Barack Obama ran for President in 2008, they campaigned on only a small increase in the tax rate on dividends and capital gains. They did not suggest raising the rate on this income to the rate on ordinary income. Is this because Barack Obama also favors the oligarchy, or is it because their advisers also understood the case against high capital taxation?
The Liberal Party is battling to hold a third Senate seat in Western Australia in Saturday's historic byelection for the upper house as an advertising blitz from mining magnate Clive Palmer begins to bite.
Polls - albeit with a small sample size - are suggesting the Palmer United Party has doubled its vote to 10 per cent, enough with preferences to get a Senate position.
On their jet: Clive Palmer is making an impact in the Western Australia byelection. Credit:Jay Cronan
At stake is the ability of the Abbott government to pass legislation through the Senate. A loss of an upper house seat would mean the Coalition needs an extra seven votes.
If the Palmer United Party picks up a Senate position, it will have three senators and the support of Ricky Muir from the Motoring Enthusiasts' Party, likely to be enough for them to block legislation with Greens and Labor.
Rep. Karen Bass Karen Ruth BassWhy Georgia is the place for black migration and politics Whitaker takes grilling from House lawmakers Congressional Black Caucus leaders call on Northam to resign MORE (D-Calif.) celebrated Democrat Doug Jones's win in the Alabama Senate special election, calling it a “referendum on morality and [President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE] lost.”
“This was a referendum on morality and @realDonaldTrump lost. Get ready for 2018,” Bass wrote.
This was a referendum on morality and @realDonaldTrump lost. Get ready for 2018. https://t.co/VWJWg893WO — Congressmember Bass (@RepKarenBass) December 13, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Jones defeated Republican Roy Moore in an upset Tuesday night.
Moore had been facing accusations of sexual misconduct with young girls since last month, including that they had a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl when they were 32. They had denied the allegations.
Trump endorsed Moore in the election last week despite the allegations.
My new friends had put their heads together and started analysing factors that affected the price of gold. They came up with 240 variables – including the value of various currencies, the state of world peace, the price of eggs in Singapore etc. Then they crunched the numbers via an algorithm of their own devising, and discovered they could reliably predict with 64 per cent accuracy whether the price of gold will go up or down on any particular day. That's a 14 per cent advantage over the rest of the market. If you bet a million dollars, that's a $140,000 profit each day. Its called financial modelling and it makes a few people immensely rich. Now, computer modelling is something I happen to know a little bit about because climate change has been my abiding passion for the past 10 years – since I met Tim Flannery and discussed, unsuccessfully – how to make their book The Weather Makers into a film. At the time I went on a research trip around North America and met the scientists who are working in this space – most of them authors for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the UN body charged with collating and assessing scientific information relevant to human-induced climate change. The IPCC has published five assessment reports, the first in 1990 and the fifth in 2014, so roughly one every five years. These reports, compiled from the findings of thousands of scientists worldwide, constitute one of the most fine-grained and comprehensive scientific models ever devised to predict the likely future of life on earth, our oceans and rivers, forests, farms and fisheries.
These models exist as computer simulations, which can be tested, running them back in time to replicate with scary accuracy the climate events that have occurred over the past century. They can be run forward in time to indicate for us what the climate will do in the future, given the slow but steady rise in the planet's surface temperature. That's the machine I'm talking about: the Machine To Predict the Future. It can suggest which land will remain arable and which parts will dry out, which cities will be flooded by sea-level rise and which will run out of water because glaciers disappear. It can tell you which resorts will prosper and which will fail, where to buy real estate, where to invest in farmland, and which foodstuffs will be in short supply. You would think that governments would be falling over themselves to get their hands on it; that banks and financial institutions would be avidly consuming its results, looking to get an edge on the global markets. Politicians especially would be hungry for that kind of knowledge because it affects our security, our very survival – right? Well, apparently not in Australia. Sceptics will always argue that climate modelling is not 100 per cent accurate but they are missing the point. A delegation from the IPCC recently visited Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra, to impress upon our leaders the importance of the Paris summit in December. In Canberra, the Coalition wasn't much interested in receiving them. Environment Minister Greg Hunt took a meeting but reportedly did more talking than listening.
By contrast, the financial sector is quickly waking up to the importance of this information. In 2014, climate-change group 350.org and others ran a divestment campaign warning various institutional investors that coal was vastly overvalued. Most institutions ignored this advice but it turns out to have been rather prescient, given that coal company values have since dropped markedly. The most forward-thinking banks are now entering a close dialogue with environmental groups, assessing the science rather than dismissing it as greenie claptrap. It was partly as a result of such a dialogue that the CBA pulled out of a partnership with Adani in the Galilee Basin. Tony Abbott and George Brandis remain strong supporters of the project. You don't need to be an economist to know that fiscal policy in Australia is a bit of a mess. The Coalition came to power railing against the debt and deficit, but have since added $2 billion of debt to the national overdraft for every week it has been in power. This is partly because it has backed its own retrogressive coal-fired energy policy over the Machine To Predict the Future. Its findings and policy implications will be discussed in the COP21 meeting in Paris. If we're interested in economic survival, the very worst thing we could do is to go along to such a meeting with finger-in-the-wind ideas of "what Australia can afford to offer". Ideally we should listen to scientific evidence from thousands of scientists in 196 nations and then calculate the real risks of inactivity. Sceptics will always argue that climate modelling is not 100 per cent accurate but they are missing the point. With a sufficiently large bet, anything better than a random guess is highly significant. The predictive machinery at our disposal is now pretty reliable, but Australia's current strategy ignores its findings, and in Paris we are betting the planet.
John Collee is a film writer and a director of 350.org.australia.
By: Evan Jankens
When Michael Jordan said the words “Go Blue” it broke my heart. I can admit it. Jordan was always my go-to brand, as well as my favorite athlete of all-time.
Starting Aug. 1, 2016, Michigan will start wearing Jordan Brand football uniforms with the Jumpman logo.
Co-workers at 97.1 The Ticket like to tease me about Michigan wearing Jordan brand since I am not exactly a fan of the Wolverines.
This morning when I came into work, Karsch and Anderson producer Khang asked me if I had seen the leaked version of the Jordan Michigan football jersey. I didn't believe him. A recruit who was visiting Michigan took a photo of themselves wearing a No. 12 Adidas Michigan uniform.
In the background, you can see a 23 Michigan jersey on a mannequin.
@UniWatch @PhilHecken Saw this from a recruit on a visit You can see the new Jordan brand Michigan jerseys back left pic.twitter.com/F3c73xNIgl — Jacob Crawford (@jcrawford129) March 23, 2016
From this photo there is absolutely no way you can tell what brand the uniform is.
Another Twitter user zoomed in on the photo.
Here are the differences in the uniforms that I noticed. The Adidas logo above the numbers is not on the uniform in the background. It also looks as if there aren't numbers on the shoulders in the alleged Jumpman Michigan uniform.
We might be grasping at straws here and I highly doubt Michigan would have these uniforms in the locker room while they are still currently under contract with Adidas.
What do you think?
Old Dominion University's “Safe Space Committee” is seeking to cultivate a climate of diversity by reducing “homophobia, transphobia and heterosexism” on campus.
According to the committee's website, the organization is dedicated “to a vision of a community that is open, safe, and accepting to all lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer or questioning people and allies.”
[Related: Dems propose law making campuses 'safe spaces' for illegals]
Heterosexism, a term that commonly appears in the gender studies literature, relates to the alleged prejudice against homosexuals based on the idea that heterosexuality is the more desirable form of sexual orientation.
To curb heterosexism and other forms of alleged discrimination, the committee provides training courses and educational programs for the university's students and faculty.
The training initiatives include programs such as the Safe Space Ally Certification, Student Ally Certification, and LGBTQ 101.
The programs are mainly designed to “educate the community on issues/trends/concerns with LGBTQ students, faculty and staff” and “provide an overview of what it means to be an ‘ally' for any ODU faculty, staff or student.”
[RELATED: Student gov to pursue mandatory LGBT 'ally training' for faculty]
The Safe Space Committee's website provides a detailed list of various initiatives for students and faculty, including other LGBT groups, activist events, and networks.
The website also touts the “Spectrum Living-Learning Community,” that is said to be “ideal for students wanting to embrace diversity in a safe and affirming environment” for LGBTQ+ students.
The campus housing community further encourages residents “to freely explore issues of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, and the intersection of those while advocating for awareness and social justice.”
All university students “who wish to live in and advocate for a safe environment for gender identity and expression” are eligible for the housing program. The initiative also contains a “course requirement” section that allows participating students to “choose from various experiences to fulfill requirements of living in the community.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @nikvofficial
Sone Aluko's goal was their seventh of the season for Fulham
Fulham missed out on the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as Lucas Joao's late goal earned relegation-threatened Blackburn a draw.
Joao converted Derrick Williams' cross as Rovers remained unbeaten since Tony Mowbray took over as head coach.
Sone Aluko swept Fulham ahead just before the break, but Craig Conway levelled from the spot after Tomas Kalas brought down Marvin Emnes.
Gohi Cyriac restored Fulham's lead, but Joao struck to deny them the win.
The result left Slavisa Jokanovic's side still seventh in the table, one point behind Sheffield Wednesday, while Blackburn climbed above Bristol City and out of the bottom three.
Fulham dominated possession the first half and after Aluko had been foiled by keeper Jason Steele in a one-on-one, they finally clipped home a left-wing cross to give them the lead.
The introduction of Joao as a substitute injected life into the Rovers attack, and Conway hammered the equaliser down the middle after Kalas was penalised.
Ryan Fredericks cut the ball back for Cyriac to superbly net their first goal since joining Fulham from Belgian football, but a late rally saw Connor Mahoney and Joao threaten the Fulham goal before the latter bundled the ball past David Button for their third goal in two games.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic:
"It's frustrating but it's a part of the competition, we have scored many times in the last moments of games.
"In the first half we dominated and scored the goal. Second half we didn't dominate the game, we didn't control them and at the end we made some mistakes.
"We didn't have enough experience to kill the game when we scored the second goal, we gave them the chance to come back.
"We're going to fight to be in this top six at the beginning of May. We have to keep going and push hard."
Blackburn head coach Tony Mowbray told BBC Radio Lancashire:
"I think for the group, it's important to try and keep the run going.
"They showed great effort and had that desire not to lose the match against a really good football team, who can press you back with their passing.
"They have to keep doing it, they have to keep producing it week in week out."
At the beginning of this summer i had enough free time to work on a little personal project. Since i'm already forgetting everything i know about it, i thought that writing a post could be a good idea to refresh my memory.
So, before it's too late: introducing Legolize!
Legolize! is a tool that automatically transforms an image into a group of 3D Lego bricks. All the output bricks have real dimensions and are correctly snapped to each other; that means that you can process an image, buy the bricks online and assemble the real structure by yourself! ( at least in theory :D)
Here are a sample input and its output, rendered in Vray (click for higher res!) :
In more detail:
the process is quite straightforward.
These are the basic 3d blocks. In a moment of sheer inspiration i called them A B C D and E, left to right.
First of all, the image is loaded and resized to a given size. After that, every pixel's color is compared with a user given palette, from which the most similar color is selected. At this point, we have a matrix of small “A” bricks.
This matrix is then analyzed in multiple passes, checking if there are contiguous cells of the same color that can be swapped with a bigger brick. For example, 3 vertical A bricks can become a C brick; 2 horizontal C bricks can become a D brick, and so on.
After this process is complete we are basically done; the main draw() loop reads the final matrix, draws the bricks, and that's it.
This is the very basic process. In reality, the code has a couple of fancier features. For example:
a background layer of “interlocked” bricks is automatically added (i think it looks cool!)
an additional flag triggers a fancier resizing code, after which every pixel is perfectly matched to 1 brick of type C. In this case, the basic unit of the grid becomes bigger, giving a more pleasant, yet less detailed output. If we set resolution and color palette precisely, this mode works great with 8 bit images
another interesting feature is the possibility of loading a grayscale image to set different depths for different areas of the image:
(click for higher res! base image by Paul Robertson)
This whole process, of course, can be done on multiple images. Ta da, we have animations!
(click here if you can't see the embedded video!)
And now, a little bit of nerdtalk. The tool is written in Processing and consecutive frames are loaded and processed one after each other. The tool considers the alpha channel of .pngs and .tiffs.
The computation, on my i7, is acceptably fast.
I didn't try, but I suspect that with a little bit of profiling and some low resolution inputs it could almost run in realtime. Drawing the 3d bricks is by far the heavier task, so i inserted a flag that forces the use of very low resolution meshes for the bricks.
During the draw() loop the tool exports to a series of .txt files the computed matrix of every frame (with coordinates, color codes and brick types)..
Since i wanted to render the output, i also wrote a 3dsmax interpreter in Maxscript. Of course, this phase is inexplicably slower than the whole Processing phase. F you, maxscript, you and your atavic slowness. Never trust a non case-sensitive language.
A final thought: even if the project is very simple, the whole thing is as a horrendous blob in an uncommented, pre alpha state. Almost every variable is defined by hardcoding and… well, it's nothing more than a personal experiment.
For now, hope you enjoyed anyway! :)
West Ham's board really do divide opinions and cause many an argument online and down the pub. If social media is to be believed, they are a toxic influence at West Ham and need to be removed as soon as possible.
Twitter gives people a platform to be more vocal then they might be in person but the negativity has to stem from somewhere. For me, the biggest transgressions the board have committed are the false promises and spun information.
They have promised a lot but delivered very little over the past few years. We are frequently told we will have an amazing transfer window, only to feel disappointed.
West Ham fans urged to stop calling 999 to complain about team's performances Read more
We were promised a world-class stadium with many other perks which for one reason or another never were fulfilled. We have also been given a manager who wouldn't have been anyone's top choice (although there didn't appear to be a great deal of alternative options) and for many fans enough is enough.
I think for some taking the club away from our home to a stadium with many initial problems on the promise of attracting world-class players was a step too far and will never be repaired. We miss the old stadium so much and although I was behind the move at the time, it isn't what I thought it was going to be.
This said, I am prepared to give the board until the summer to finalise my judgment on whether they can take the club forward. David Moyes has been given a six-month contract on the promise they either does an amazing job or we get a top manager in during the summer.
Whoever is in charge needs to be backed heavily in the transfer market because we cannot continue to have a disappointing season after season because this is not what we were promised when we moved.
One thing is for sure – if you are behind them or not – we need to reunite as a fanbase
Sometimes I also look at other clubs and think I am glad I do not have their chairpeople in charge. It is very easy to say you want the board out and for them to be replaced but can we say this will improve us? There are so many “big” clubs who have fallen into the football wilderness through having the wrong people in charge.
In every recent window, we have broken our transfer record and we bought some big-name players this summer including Javier Hernández – the forward that most fans wanted and the manager certainly did. We have a board that do support the club and the fact that we see anything below mid-table in the top division as a disappointment shows we have progressed.
I do believe anyone who was in charge when the London Stadium became available would have taken the opportunity with both hands. Whether they would have handled the sensitivities surrounding our move with more care is the million dollar question, while we will never know if different owners had spent more in the transfer window.
One thing is for sure – if you are behind them or not – we need to reunite as a fanbase. Regardless of whoever is the manager, the chairperson or the tea lady, we need this club with our stadium to remain in the Premier League because relegation could lead to massive problems for the club we all ultimately support.
You can read The West Ham Way website here
Not since the pilot episode — “The Vulcan Hello” — have Starfleet officers beamed down to a strange, new world on Star Trek: Discovery. But in the forthcoming eight episodes, “Si Vis Pacem, Para Bellum,” that changes as Burnham, Tyler and Saru beam down to the planet Pahvo in classic Trek fashion. And from the looks of the new trailer, this episode is going to contain a few big reveals, and maybe even one major death.
On Thursday, CBS released the trailer for episode 8 of Star Trek: Discovery. The title roughly translated from Latin means “If you want peace, prepare for war.” In terms of big season long-mysteries, there are at least two things of note. First, it looks like Lt. Tyler will be reunited with their Klingon captor from “Choose Your Pain. Also, we briefly see Admiral Cornwell in Klingon captivity, which suggests something with their storyline will change in a big way.
Captain Lorca also ominously says “there will be time to grieve” which implies someone is going to die. Could it be Cornwell? A reference to Tyler being possibly revealed as a double agent? Or maybe Lt. Saru? Because after merging with some crazy blue energy, it appears that the formerly fearful Kelpien first officer has some confident mojo. Too confident?
What awaits the team on the planet Pahvo? Stream a new #StarTrekDiscovery Sunday at 8:30ET / 5:30PT: https://t.co/VzZIiTXbuK pic.twitter.com/nitq93GDMm — Star Trek: Discovery (@startrekcbs) November 2, 2017
With “Si Vis Pacem, Para Bellum,” it seems like at least one big twist — maybe the Mirror Universe — will finally happen.
All the more reason to catch Star Trek: Discovery this Sunday at 8:30 pm eastern time on CBS All-Access. And remember, after this, there's only one more episode before the mid-season break!
Read Next: Is Admiral Cornwell Secretly an Original Series Character?
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
If you liked this article, check out this video of a terrifying theory about Star Trek transporters.
Katz agreed that “lots of new college graduates are moving into the service sector, that is, into traditionally non-college jobs, displacing young non-college workers.” While graduates of elite colleges — by definition a minority of all those getting degrees — continue to do well in the labor market, “the average college graduate is experiencing slow wage gains,” a trend that is “worrisome and problematic,” Katz said.
Two other studies have produced similar findings.
Andrew Sum, an economist at Northeastern University, is the lead author of a Brookings Institution paper published in March, “The Plummeting Labor Market Fortunes of Teens and Young Adults.” In an email, Sum wrote that “problems of mal-employment among young college grads had increased since 2000, leaving more of them in jobs that do not require college degrees and they earn much less relative to their peers in college educated jobs when they do so. Mal-employment involves working in jobs that do not require a four-year degree or higher level cognitive skills.” It's not just baristas, either: many college graduates are working in stores like Target or Whole Foods.
Larry Mishel, president of the Economic Policy Institute and a co-author of a major new study of employment patterns, wrote me that “Beaudry et al are finding exactly what we find.” The E.P.I. report, “Raising America's Pay,” points out that “entry-level hourly wages fell on average for both female and male college graduates from 2000 to 2013 (8.1 percent among women and 6.7 percent among men).”
These trends are certain to reverberate into the political system.
The downward pressures mean that the problem of declining opportunity will now be a fact of life across nearly all classes.
Insofar as men and women are pushed into jobs that pay less and provide less satisfaction, their hostility to both those above them and those below them is likely to intensify. Of course it's impossible to say for sure, but one possible development in an environment of general downward mobility is that fewer people will keep the common good in view while focusing on their own self-interest. Competition in the workplace is likely to become increasingly pervasive, and backlash over affirmative action policies benefiting minorities and women threatens to mobilize futher political reaction.
Beaudry and their collaborators do not say how long they think these post-2000 trends will continue to shape employment opportunity. Unforeseen technological advances could once again produce high-end employment seen in earlier periods of intense technological innovation, but Beaudry, Green and Sand are not optimistic.
The other possibility – the option pressed by the Economic Policy Institute – is that government will intervene with policies to remediate stagnant or eroding wages.
A GOP delegate attempting to mount a challenge to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Monday they were threatened by angry Trump supporters.
Utah delegate Kera Birkeland said they were confronted by two Trump supporters in a bathroom at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland.
“They said the Utah delegation should lose its police protection, and we should all die,” they told The Huffington Post via email.
Birkeland also posted an account of the encounter on Facebook.
Birkeland was part of a group of delegates who earlier on Monday unsuccessfully tried to force a roll-call vote on convention rules, in an attempt to make it harder to nominate Trump.
Last week, Trump's New York state chairperson, Carl Paladino, sent delegate Stefani Williams an email saying they should be hanged for not supporting Trump.
“You should be hung for treason Stefani,” Paladino wrote. “There will not be a Republican Party if you attempt to replace Trump. I'll be in your face in Cleveland.”
The recent incidents follow months of threats from Trump supporters toward delegates who have not backed the real estate mogul. Several state delegations, including Utah's, have been granted additional security at the convention because of the attacks.
Cheez Whiz Helped Spread Processed Foods. Will It Be Squeezed Out?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Kraft Foods Courtesy of Kraft Foods
Will Cheez Whiz survive the merger?
We don't need to major business news to think about snack foods here at The Salt, but Warren Buffett's announcement this week that they and 3G Capital will merge Kraft and Heinz gave us a great excuse. Turns out, the story behind Cheez Whiz is emblematic of trends in the larger, global food industry.
Whether you have fond memories of spreading Cheez Whiz on crackers at parties, or you turn your nose up at any kind of processed cheese — whizzed or otherwise — there's no denying that the dull-orange cheese sauce-in-a-jar spread its way into American popular culture.
It makes a cameo in the Blues Brothers movie.
YouTube
Rocker Beck sings "Get crazy with the Cheez Whiz" in their 1994 song "Loser." And for Philly cheese steak lovers, Cheese Whiz is sacred.
Kraft first introduced Cheez Whiz in the early 1950s. Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Michael Moss says their mom used to spread it on celery sticks. "It was a special treat," they say.
Moss is the author of Salt Sugar Fat: How the Food Giants Hooked Us, a bestselling book on the food industry. A retired Kraft food scientist, who was part of the team that invented Cheez Whiz, told Moss they were trying to replicate Welsh rarebit – "a kind of fondue sauce that people would put on toast that goes back to, I think, the 18th century," Moss explains. "You know, cheddar cheese, melted, delicious on toast. But it took some time to cook."
Convenience was the goal for many companies in the 1950s. After more than a year of mixing different cheeses, emulsifiers, salts and artificial coloring, among other ingredients, the Kraft scientists came up with a concoction they believed was very close in taste to Welsh rarebit. When Cheez Whiz made its debut in July 1953, Kraft promoted it as "Cheese treats quick. Spoon it, heat it, spread it." It also had a very long shelf life.
"It was relished as a marvel of science innovation," Moss says. "It was the modernizing, post-World War II America, where industry was going to help us build leisure time and allow us to do other things other than slave in the kitchen."
YouTube
But, after decades as a staple in college dorms and at Super Bowl parties, Cheez Whiz started losing its coolness, if not its orange color. Changing attitudes about food and health led to declining sales of Cheez Whiz and other Kraft products.
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and the Brazilian firm 3G Capital are behind the merger between Kraft and Heinz. They're partly counting on overseas markets to boost profits. A 3G executive said they plan to "expand the reach of Kraft's brands to consumers across the globe."
And it could work, says Fred Opie, a professor of history and food traditions at Babson College. "As their economy improves and people want to become more, kind of first-nation consumers of food, unfortunately, that often means eating American junk food," they say.
"Unfortunately," they say, because Americans' love of processed foods like Cheez Whiz has led to big health problems in the United States. "Once you start consuming that American diet, you start having the same health concerns that we also have here in the United States — which is the onset of early diabetes among our youth, and obesity," says Opie.
But Cheez Whiz might not survive the Kraft Heinz merger, says Moss. As part of the cost-cutting that is sure to happen, Moss believes everything will be on the table — and not necessarily as a snack.
Photo by Philip Cosores
During a Beats 1 interview late last year, Trent Reznor revealed that Nine-Inch Nails would release two major projects in 2017. Today, those plans have been confirmed via an email from the frontman themselves (via reddit).
In the lengthy note addressed to NIN.com vinyl customers, Reznor slipped in a short paragraph detailing an upcoming NIN EP. It's due to arrive before the group's first summer show (July 23rd at FYF Fest in Los Angeles) and marks the second in a trilogy of EPs that began with 2016's Not the Actual Events. The third and final installment will come about six to eight months later, which could be anywhere between December of this year and early 2018:
QUESTION: FINALLY, DID YOU KNOW THERE'S A NEW TOP-SECRET NINE-INCH NAILS EP THAT WILL BE RELEASED BEFORE THE FIRST SHOWS WE DO THIS SUMMER? DID YOU KNOW NOT THE ACTUAL EVENTS WAS THE FIRST PART OF A TRILOGY OF RELATED EPS THAT WILL BE RELEASED ABOUT 6-8 MONTHS APART? NOW YOU DO. MORE INFORMATION ON THIS SHORTLY…
Although Reznor didn't divulge much information regarding these releases in their previous interview, they did talk about working with longtime collaborator and newest band member Atticus Ross on upwards of 80 different pieces of music over the last few years. Much of the material was eventually scrapped, Reznor said, but they allowed them to experiment with everything from minimalist techno to various production techniques.
TL;DR: new NIN material will be here within the next seven weeks.
Below, read Reznor's full email.
DEAR NIN.COM VINYL CUSTOMER,
TWO APOLOGIES, A STATEMENT, AND A QUESTION.
APOLOGY 1: FIRST, AS SOME OF YOU MAY KNOW WE ARE CHANGING OUR FULFILLMENT PARTNER. I HAVE NOT BEEN HAPPY WITH FIREBRAND FOR A VARIETY OF REASONS AND WE ARE NOW PARTNERING WITH SANDBAG. I'M SORRY IT'S TAKEN AS LONG AS IT HAS TO MAKE THIS CHANGE, AND I APOLOGIZE FOR ANY AGGRAVATION YOU MAY HAVE EXPERIENCED ON THIS FRONT. YOUR SUPPORT IS VERY MUCH APPRECIATED AND I ASSURE YOU THERE'S BEEN AN EXTRAORDINARY AMOUNT OF SCREAMING DONE ON MY END. YOU DESERVE BETTER.
APOLOGY 2: THE VINYL RELEASES FOR DEVIATIONS, NOT THE ACTUAL EVENTS AND THE REISSUES HAVE BEEN DELAYED AS MANY OF YOU ARE AWARE. THE BLAME FOR THIS LIES WITH ME AND MY TEAM. WE RAN INTO A VARIETY OF QUALITY CONTROL ISSUES WITH THE AUDIO AND VARIOUS ASPECTS OF THE ARTWORK, THEN WE GOT OBSESSIVE ABOUT GETTING IT RIGHT. AT SOME POINT THESE FUCKUPS STARTED TO ADD UP TO A SUBSTANTIAL DELAY THAT I WASN'T FULLY AWARE OF UNTIL RECENTLY.
AGAIN, I'M SORRY FOR THE DELAY HERE BUT THE INTENTION HAS BEEN TO GET THIS UNCOMPROMISINGLY RIGHT.
HERE'S THE UPDATED, ACCURATE (BARRING AN ACT OF GOD) TIMELINE FOR SHIPPING:
* DEVIATIONS WILL SHIP AT THE END OF JUNE * ALL OTHER TITLES WILL SHIP AT THE BEGINNING OF AUGUST
IF YOU HAVE ORDERED ANY OF THESE TITLES, YOU WILL RECEIVE AN EMAIL WHEN YOUR ORDER HAS SHIPPED. IF YOU WOULD LIKE A COMPLETE REFUND (KEEPING THE DIGITAL FILES), WE GET IT – CLICK HERE
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR ORDER, OR WOULD LIKE TO CONTACT SANDBAG CUSTOMER SERVICE – CLICK HERE
ADDITIONALLY, EVERYONE WITH AN OUTSTANDING VINYL ORDER WILL RECEIVE A DISCOUNT CODE FOR 20% OFF YOUR NEXT PURCHASE. THIS CODE IS GOOD FOR ONE USE AND UNIQUE TO YOU. YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR CODE VIA EMAIL IN THE NEXT 24 HOURS.
STATEMENT: WE ARE TAKING ALL MEASURES AVAILABLE TO MAKE SURE ANY PREORDERS FROM NIN.COM ARRIVE IN YOUR HANDS BEFORE THEY ARE AVAILABLE ANYWHERE ELSE. I KNOW HOW FRUSTRATING IT IS WHEN THIS ISN'T THE CASE (LIKE WHAT JUST HAPPENED WITH BEFORE THE FLOOD). I ASSUMED WE ALREADY HAD THIS PRACTICE IN PLACE, I WAS INCORRECT.
QUESTION: FINALLY, DID YOU KNOW THERE'S A NEW TOP-SECRET NINE-INCH NAILS EP THAT WILL BE RELEASED BEFORE THE FIRST SHOWS WE DO THIS SUMMER? DID YOU KNOW NOT THE ACTUAL EVENTS WAS THE FIRST PART OF A TRILOGY OF RELATED EPS THAT WILL BE RELEASED ABOUT 6-8 MONTHS APART? NOW YOU DO. MORE INFORMATION ON THIS SHORTLY…
THANK YOU. TRENT
Most people have more than one email account, and sift through an average of 122 business emails per day. What does this mean for your email marketing campaigns? To drive higher open rates and engagement, you're going to have to pull your subscribers in—and keep them wanting more.
The hard truth is this: Your recipients are inundated with messaging, and quick to delete or pass up anything that doesn't immediately pique their interest. Which means email marketers have been challenged with finding new and creative ways to overcome email boredom or frustration and snag attention. To help you hook your subscribers, we've compiled five tips to make your emails more interesting:
1. K.I.S.S.
K.I.S.S. stands for Keep It Simple, Stupid. Not that we think you're stupid—that's just the acronym. But we do believe it's in your best interest to keep things as concise as possible.
Why? Because 48 percent of emails are now viewed on mobile devices. So skip the extended version and stick to the Cliffs Notes. Make your emails brief and to the point. Anything text-heavy or complicated will lose your reader—fast. By choosing your words wisely and deliberately, you show respect for your subscriber's time.
2. Use Audience-Appropriate Humor
As you simplify text, don't lose the qualities that make it personable—like little notes of humor. The last thing you want is a cold, robotic message.
But remember, humor must be audience-appropriate. For example, a B2B brand addressing professionals may use different language than, say, a local bar sending an offer to its happy hour enthusiasts.
3. Catchy Subject Line
In many cases, your subject line is the only detail that will determine whether your emails get opened or ignored. Spend as much time on it as you do the body of the email (seriously). And make it catchy. The sweet spot for length seems to be 28 to 39 characters.
4. Enticing Pre-Header Text
So you've got a winning subject line and a super-interesting, highly targeted offer, but don't neglect your pre-header text.
This is the text that appears just under the subject line and is viewable from the inbox before the email is opened. It's a perfect little preview for readers, and often is used to help them decide which emails to delete and which to open and investigate further. Make pre-header text enticing and you'll improve open rates. Ignore it and focus only on the body of the email, and you risk recipients never getting that far.
5. Use Social Interaction
Always provide a way for readers to connect with your company on social media and share your message with their networks. Not only will this help extend the reach of your messaging, but it will also encourage readers to engage with your brand in different ways (using the channel they most prefer). This helps ensure they continue interacting with your brand long after a single email message expires, and helps you learn more about them for better targeting in the future.
As the importance of email continues to rise, so, too, will the number of emails your contacts must sift through on a daily basis to find the information they most desire. Help connect them with your brand and the solutions they seek by putting these tips to good use in your email marketing strategy.
Enticing messages start with great personalization. Get the data you need for better targeting with a free trial of InstantData today!
Samsung's brand-new Galaxy S7 boasts a bunch of new camera tweaks.
Although it has a 12-megapixel sensor -- less than the S6's 16 megapixels -- those pixels are physically larger to allow it to capture more light. It has a wider f/1.2 aperture too to let more light in -- both of which are designed to make it a formidable low-light shooter.
I've put the new Galaxy S7 against its older sibling, the Galaxy S6, and its great rival, Apple's iPhone 6S Plus. All shots are taken in fully automatic mode and at the full available resolution. (Note that the Galaxy S7 Edge has an identical camera to its smaller stablemate, so these examples just as well apply to the larger phone too.)
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
First up, this lovely daffodil, captured well by all three phones. The S7's HDR mode kicked in automatically on this shot, brightening up the darker background and the green leaves. The iPhone's shot is darker and with higher contrast overall. For a spring scene, I prefer the S7's brighter attempt. There's little difference between the S6 and the S7 -- despite the S7's lower resolution, there's no noticeable difference in clarity.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
The phones achieved similar results here, with the iPhone's shot being the darkest of the bunch. This sort of scene can easily fool a phone's camera, with the automatic settings choosing to expose for the bright sky behind the trees, and plunging the rest of the scene into darkness. This seems to be what's happened with the iPhone's shot.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
The grass in front of Hampstead Heath's Kenwood House is much darker on the S7 and S6, but the iPhone has managed to keep a more balanced exposure -- quite the opposite of what we saw in the previous two tests.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
With high dynamic range (HDR) mode enabled on all three phones, results were better. The S7's shot was brighter, with an attractive exposure balance between the sky and the ground. The iPhone's HDR mode worked well too, although its shot lacks contrast when compared to the other two. You can boost this in editing of course, but straight out of the camera, I prefer the S7's attempt.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
HDR has again helped the three devices balance the bright blue sky with the shadows on the buildings below. The images are very similar, with natural-looking colours and tons of detail across all three. I marginally prefer the iPhone's attempt as its HDR mode retained more contrast, producing a more realistic scene. This is again very different from the HDR results in the previous test.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Low light is always a difficult for phone cameras, as their small image sensors can't take in as much light as the larger sensors you'll find on professional dSLRs. But with the S7's larger pixels and brighter aperture, it's well equipped to get good shots in dimly lit scenes.
Despite the S7's lower resolution, it's achieved a crisper shot than the Galaxy S6. The words on the books's pages suffer from less image noise on the S7, which is particularly noticeable at full screen. Both Galaxy phones have used a very warm white balance, however, giving an unnatural yellow hue to the scene. The iPhone's shot, while darker than the others, has more natural colours.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
The S7's shot is the brightest here, which is particularly noticeable on the tin of tomatoes in the centre -- the white text is satisfyingly crisp. On the bottle of Lea & Perrins sauce to the right though, things aren't as good. It's bright, sure, but there's much less detail. The iPhone's shot has more clarity in this portion of the image.
It's probably more useful to have a brighter image than an entirely crisp one -- you'll appreciate your shot of your pasta dinner being well lit more than having every single piece of farfalle in perfect focus.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Both the Galaxy S7 and S6 gave similar results with the flash switched on. The scenes are reasonably well lit, without being overpowering and there's plenty of detail to zoom in on the fine lettering. The iPhone's shot is different, with a warmer colour balance that I'm quite keen on. It's a brighter shot, too, stopping just short of being unnaturally bright.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
All three phones were, let's face it, pretty awful when it came to selfies in low-light situations. The scene is dark and while the iPhone managed to bring my face out a little more, it's plagued with image noise.
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
Enlarge Image Andrew Hoyle/CNET
The Galaxy S7 and iPhone have "flashes" -- the screen itself pulses with a bright light -- to light up your face (although not the S6, hence not including a photo from it here). The iPhone is the clear winner of the two, with its more natural colours. I don't remember my face ever looking as purple as it did in the shot from the Galaxy S7.
Overall
The Galaxy S6 was one of our favourite phone cameras and the S7's upgrades have cemented it firmly as one of the best mobile shooters around. It's capable of taking some brilliant shots with even exposures and rich colours. It has the edge over the iPhone 6S Plus in my tests when it comes to high-contrast scenes, and its low-light skills help deliver brighter images when you're gallivanting in dim bars.
The iPhone still put in a great performance and it takes the prize when it comes to selfies in poor lighting.
While it's undeniably excellent, the S7's camera isn't such a big leap ahead of the S6 to justify an upgrade on its own. Nor is it so much better than the iPhone 6S Plus to warrant switching. Mix in the new water-resistant design and expandable storage to the great camera though, and you're left with a phone that should absolutely be on your wishlist if you're using an older handset.
SYDNEY - An Australian bomb squad safely freed a teenager who was trapped inside a Sydney home near a suspicious device Wednesday, ending a horrifying 10-hour ordeal.
Police still don't know whether the device is an explosive but are looking for a person who police believe placed the device in the woman's home, New South Wales state Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Murdoch said.
Authorities are looking for someone who they believed planted the device in the home. "We want to get our hands on who's done this," Murdoch told reporters.
Police said they were called to the house in the wealthy suburb of Mosman by the 18-year-old woman at around 2:30 p.m.
They kept a tight lid on information throughout the ordeal, and while Murdoch said the suspicious device was found near the teen, they refused to confirm reports it had been tethered to their body. The device was still intact upon the girl's release, they said.
During the efforts to free the woman, Murdoch said no one claiming to have left the device contacted police.
The teen was doing well after being freed and was reunited with their parents, who had been kept out of the house by police during the ordeal for their own safety. The young woman was being taken to a hospital for an examination, police said.
"She's good -- she's been kept in a very uncomfortable position," Murdoch said. "She has been and will be uncomfortable for a little while to come."
Murdoch said it was "far too early to say" whether the device had been placed in the teen's home as part of an extortion attempt, and refused to comment on a report that a note had been left alongside the device. They said police have no ideas as to a motive.
"The family are at a loss to explain this," they said. "You would hardly think that someone would go to this much trouble if there wasn't a motive behind it."
Police said they did not consider it a case of "self-harm" and that the woman tried vigilantly to help police.
Murdoch described the device as "very elaborate, very sophisticated."
"The manner in which it was located in proximity to the young lady was such that it has taken us the better part of 10 hours to secure their release," they said.
Murdoch said the state police consulted with Australia's federal police agency and the British military during the ordeal.
"We have left absolutely no stone unturned to make sure that we met our objective -- and that objective always was the safety of the young lady," they said.
Investigators planned to comb the house for clues throughout the night.
Murdoch said the case was one of the most bizarre he'd seen in their career.
"I've been doing this job a long time and this is the first time I've come across anything like this," they said.
The woman has not been identified as Australian law enforcement very rarely release names of victims or suspects in criminal investigations. Australian media reported their father is an executive with a technology company.
The use of a "collar bomb," again not confirmed by authorities in this case, is not unheard of. In August 2003, pizza delivery man Brian Wells walked into a PNC bank with an explosive device locked onto their neck. They walked out with $8,072 but was stopped by police nearby. They put them in handcuffs and waited for a bomb squad to arrive. Before it did, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Prosecutors later revealed that they believed the crime had been plotted by five people. Wells was in on it, at least at first, and probably only realized at the last moment that their life was in danger, they said.
Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong, 61, was convicted in 2010 after fellow conspirator Kenneth Barnes pleaded guilty and testified against them One of the other suspects died of cancer during the investigation and another was killed by Diehl-Armstrong.
Diehl-Armstrong was sentenced to life in prison. Barnes is currently serving a 45-year sentence.
Understanding Dockers
Docker is an emerging technology; it lets you automate the deployment of your applications within container environment. It is highly efficient to run your applications inside docker containers as compared to virtual machines and stand alone servers. Dockers make it easy to deploy, backup and ship your applications. Simply package and distribute your application along with its dependencies using a docker container; it's easy, portable, lightweight way.
Understanding Docker Hub
Docker registry is a service that lets you easily share your created docker images. Once you develop your application and pack it into a docker image, you need docker registry service to distribute it among your users all around the world. Docker Hub is an online, free docker registry service, simply create a free account and start using it. It gives you good control over your docker images. You can choose your images to be shared with public or keep it private for your own use.
In order to create an account on Docker Hub, visit it here and provide your email account, username and password. Once account has been created, add a repository by providing repository name, details and “Visibility”.
Backup and upload Docker Image to Docker Hub
Let's see how we can backup our docker containers and upload the created backup to docker hub for distribution purposes. Launch your system terminal and run following command to see your docker container's list.
dockers ps
It should output as shown in the following screenshot. If you have more than one container , it will list all, simply note down the “Container ID” from here for the container you want to backup.
Once we have Container ID, we can backup the container as image by running the “commit” command in the following syntax.
docker commit –p CONTAINERID BACKUPNAME
Replace “CONTAINERID” with your container ID and “BACKUPNAME” with the name you want to give to backup image.
Now run following command to verify that your container's backup has been generated.
docker images
Now log in your Docker Hub account by running the following command and providing your username, password and email account.
docker login
Create a tag for your docker image here by running the following command.
docker tag IMAGE-ID TAG-NAME
Replace IMAGE-ID with the ID of your docker image and TAG-NAME with the name you want to give.
Now run following command to successfully complete the upload process.
docker push TAG-NAME
There you go, your docker image is ready for distribution now, you can explore your Docker Hub account and can see it there.
Conclusion
Docker is an evolving technology and getting massive popularity. System administrators and developers are using it for the successful deployment of their applications, it has proven advantages over other available alternate technologies. If you haven't created your first docker container yet, do it today; you will enjoy working with this amazing idea.
People -- almost all of them young people of color -- are being arrested at the rate of a thousand a week in New York City for marijuana possession "in public view," but although a legislative fix was in sight this week, the state's political establishment couldn't come to an agreement on it. Instead, the legislature is going on vacation.
The New York City "in public view" arrests violate the spirit of the Empire State's 1977 marijuana decriminalization law, which made possession of small amounts of marijuana a civil offense, not a criminal one. They typically occur when the NYPD stops and frisks someone, then either reaches into their pockets or belongings or intimidates the detainee into pulling out their biggie themselves and then charges them with the criminal misdemeanor of possession "in public view."Through-out the legislative session, Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) and Senate and Assembly leaders talked about fixing the situation as part of the budget process. During their State of the State address, Cuomo had called for decriminalizing the possession of up to 15 grams "in public view," but with smoking in public remaining a misdemeanor. But on Thursday, Cuomo and the legislative leadership announced they had reached a final deal on the budget, one that didn't include marijuana law reform.That doesn't mean decriminalization reform is dead this year -- the session will resume after a three-week hiatus -- but it is certainly delayed and possibly derailed without having the impetus of the budget agreement behind it. In either case, legislators and community activists blasted the leadership for punting on the issue while the arrests (and the costs) mount by the day."I am gravely disappointed that this budget failed to enact justice for the more than 44,000 individuals arrested last year based on a flawed law. Not only does allow these arrests directly impact the lives of individuals and their communities, they are a gross misappropriation of city and state resources, and a waste of officer manpower that can be spent on more pressing law enforcement matters," said Assemblyman Karim Camara, Chair of the New York State Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic and Asian Legislative Caucus. "Changing this flawed law has the support of Mayor Michael Bloomberg, NYC Police Commissioner Kelly, the District Attorneys of the five boroughs, and Buffalo and Nassau and Albany counties, the Police Benevolent Association and major law enforcement agencies throughout the state. Yet politics trumped the policy that would be best for New York City and our state.""This is an issue that cannot wait. Our tens of thousands of youth arrested annually under unfair practices shouldn't have to wait," said Assemblymember Robert Rodriguez. "They deserve better -- they deserve justice and equality. And they deserve it now. We need to end this policy that has plagued our communities for too long and make public view possession a violation.""Why is it acceptable to kick the can down the road when it comes to protecting the constitutional rights of young Black and Latino New Yorkers?" asked Alfredo Carrasquillo, civil rights community organizer for VOCAL-NY . "Getting this done is a test for the political leadership in Albany that right now they are failing. It's time to stop delaying justice when it comes to ending racially biased and costly marijuana arrests."Since 2002, nearly 500,000 thousand people have been arrested in New York for marijuana possession -- the vast majority of those arrests, 440,000, took place in New York City. Last year alone in the city, there were nearly 40,000 such arrests, far exceeding the total marijuana arrests in the city between 1981 and 1995. The cost to taxpayers is $75 million a year, and over $600 million in the last decade. A report released earlier this week found that the NYPD had spent one million hours making these arrests over the past decade."Behind the one million police hours spent arresting young Black and Latino men is the shameful truth of 21st Century racism. These are unlawful, racially biased arrests, plain and simple. We need our elected officials to stand up for civil rights for all people" said Chino Hardin, Field Coordinator and Trainer with the Center for NuLeadership on Urban Solutions
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- Calvin Pace isn't happy that the New York Jets have -- for the third straight season -- worked their way back into the same spot. Another season on the brink, the playoffs slipping away, and now the 5-5 Jets have to win out in order to get a chance at the playoffs.
"Story of our season the past three years," Pace said, "where we've had to make these miraculous pushes in the end when it should have never come to that."
Asked if the Jets can afford to lose one of the remaining six games, Pace said the AFC North was too good to count on getting in at 10-6 -- it's all or nothing.
"6-0," said the linebacker. "We just need to win."
Jets coach Rex Ryan seemed to think the truth wasn't quite that stark, but they aren't going to dampen any player's determination to win out, starting with this Sunday's 1 p.m. game against the flagging Buffalo Bills (5-5) at MetLife Stadium.
"Well, that's what you want the mentality to be, the mindset to be," Ryan said. "I don't know if that's factual or not. I feel pretty good about getting in there at 5-1. But 6-0 sounds good. We go 6-0, we'll get in there."
The NFC North has three teams above .500 in the Ravens (8-3), Steelers (7-3) and Bengals (6-4). Another tricky aspect is that the Jets have lost to other teams who will potentially be chasing the wild card, such as the Broncos.
"Maybe the records say that, I don't know," Ryan said. "I'm not afraid of any of those (AFC North) teams. There are a couple of real good teams in there obviously, Baltimore and Pittsburgh, but beyond that, I'll take our division over any of them."
If you wanted to identify, with confidence, the very worst president in American history, how would you go about it? One approach would be to consult the various academic polls on presidential rankings that have been conducted from time to time since Harvard's Arthur M. Schlesinger Sr. pioneered this particular survey scholarship in 1948. Bad idea.
Most of those surveys identify Warren G. Harding of Ohio as the worst ever. This is ridiculous. Harding presided over very robust economic times. Not only that, but they inherited a devastating economic recession when they were elected in 1920 and quickly turned bad times into good times, including a 14 percent GDP growth rate in 1922. Labor and racial unrest declined markedly during their watch. They led the country into no troublesome wars.
There was, of course, the Teapot Dome scandal that implicated major figures in their administration, but there was never any evidence that the president themselves participated in any venality. As Theodore Roosevelt's daughter, Alice Roosevelt Longworth, put it, “Harding wasn't a bad man. They were just a slob .”
The academic surveys also consistently place near the bottom James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania. Now here's a man who truly lacked character and watched helplessly as their country descended into the worst crisis of its history. They stepped into the presidency with a blatant lie to the American people. In their inaugural address, they promised they would accept whatever judgment the Supreme Court rendered in the looming Dred Scott case. What they didn't tell the American people was that they already knew what that judgment was going to be (gleaned through highly inappropriate conversations with justices). This is political cynicism of the rankest sort.
But Buchanan's failed presidency points to what may be a pertinent distinction in assessing presidential failure. Buchanan was crushed by events that proved too powerful for their own weak leadership. And so the country moved inexorably into one of the worst crises in its history. But Buchanan didn't create the crisis; they merely are too wispy and vacillating to get control of it and thus lead the nation to some kind of resolution. It took their successor, Abraham Lincoln , to do that.
That illustrates the difference between failure of omission and failure of commission—the difference between presidents who couldn't handle gathering crises and presidents who actually created the crises.
In the realm of commission failure, three presidents come to mind—Woodrow Wilson, Richard Nixon and George W. Bush. Bear in mind here that nearly all failed presidents have their defenders, who argue, sometimes with elaborate rationales, that the perceived failure wasn't really failure or that it wasn't really the fault of this particular president. We see this in stark reality in our own time, with the ongoing debates about the presidency of the second Bush, reflected in the reaction to senator Rand Paul's recent suggestion that GOP hawks, with their incessant calls for U.S. intrusion into the lands of Islam, contributed to the rise of the violent radicalism of the Islamic State.
The prevailing view of Bush is that their invasion of Iraq, the greatest example in American history of what is known as “preventive war,” proved to be one of the most colossal foreign policy blunders in all of American history, if not actually the greatest. According to this view, Bush destabilized the Middle East, essentially lit it on fire and fostered the resultant rise of the Islamic State and the deepening sectarian war between Sunni and Shia Muslims in the region. Where this all leads, nobody can tell, but clearly it is going to play out, with devastating consequences, for a long time to come.
But of course there are those who deny that Bush created all this chaos. No, they say, Bush actually had Iraq under control and it was their hapless successor, Barack Obama, who let it all fall apart again by not maintaining a U.S. military force in the country. This is the minority view, embraced tenaciously by many people with a need to gloss over their own complicity in the mess.
There is little doubt that history eventually will fix upon the majority view—that Bush unleashed the surge of chaos, bloodshed and misery that now has the region in its grip. As Princeton's Sean Wilentz wrote in 2006, when Bush still sat in the Oval Office, “Many historians are now wondering whether Bush, in fact, will be remembered as the very worst president in all of American history.” And bear in mind that Bush also presided over the emergence of one of the most devastating financial crises in the country's history.
Then there's Nixon, whose Watergate transgressions thrust the nation into one of its most harrowing constitutional crises. There are some who argue that Nixon's transgressions weren't actually as egregious as many believe, particularly when viewed carefully in the context of the maneuverings and manipulations of many of their people, some of them conducted behind the president's back. There may be some truth in this. But in the end it doesn't matter. They were president and must take responsibility for the culture and atmosphere they created in the West Wing and the Old Executive Office Building. If their people were running around and breaking the law, they must bear responsibility, whatever their knowledge or complicity. And we know definitively that Nixon themselves set the tone in their inner circle—a tone so dark, defensive and menacing that wrongdoing was almost the inevitable result. Also, there can be no dispute that the president themselves stepped over the line on numerous occasions.
Which brings us to Woodrow Wilson, whose failures of commission probably had the most dire consequences of any U.S. president. Their great flaw was their sanctimonious nature, more stark and distilled than that of any other president, even John Quincy Adams (who was no piker in the sanctimony department). They thought they always knew best, because they thought they knew more than anybody else. Combine that with a powerful humanitarian sensibility, and you get a president who wants to change the world for the betterment of humankind. Watch out for such leaders.
Even during their first term, with war raging in Europe, they sought to get the United States involved as a neutral mediator, fostering a peace agreement to break the tragic stalemate that had the nations of Europe in its grip. When that effort was rebuffed, they ran for reelection by hailing themselves as the man who kept the United States out of the war.
But, immediately upon entering their second term, they sought to get their country into the war by manipulating neutrality policy. While proclaiming U.S. neutrality, they favored Britain by observing the British blockade of Germany (imposed, said a young Winston Churchill, to starve Germans, including German infants, into submission) and by allowing armed British merchant ships entry to U.S. ports, which in turn fostered a flow of U.S. munitions to the Allied powers. At the same time, Wilson declared that Germany would be held to a “strict accountability” for any American loss of life or property from Germany's submarine attacks. This policy applied, said Wilson, even if affected Americans traveling or working on British or French ships. They declined to curtail what they considered Americans' “right” to travel on vessels tied to France or Britain (but not Germany).
Wilson was warned, most notably by their secretary of state, William Jennings Bryan, that these lopsided policies inevitably would pull America into the war. When they ignored those warnings, Bryan resigned from the Wilson cabinet on a stand of principle.
As Bryan predicted, America did get pulled into the conflict, and it certainly appears that that was Wilson's intention all along. Then three things happened.
First, Wilson conducted the war in ways that devastated the home front. Prices shot up into double digits, and then came a potent economic recession that lasted three years. They accepted the suppression of civil liberties by their notorious attorney general, A. Mitchell Palmer. Their government nationalized many private industries, including the telegraph, telephone and railroad industries, along with the distribution of coal. Race riots erupted in numerous cities that claimed nearly 150 lives in two years.
Second, America's entry into the war broke the stalemate, allowing the Allied powers to impose upon Germany devastating armistice terms. Third, when Wilson went to the Versailles peace conference bent on bringing to bear their humanitarian outlook and making the world safe for democracy, they promptly got outmaneuvered by the canny nationalist leaders of Britain and France, whose agenda had nothing to do with Wilson's dreamy notions about a harmonious world born of their humanitarian vision.
Donate
The new exclusive series “Maps of War” is released due to your support. Help produce interesting content and join our struggle by donating via PayPal: southfront@list.ru or via: http://southfront.org/donate/
This year the political environment in the Central Asia has been favorable to peace talks between Kabul and the Taliban. The Afghan and Pakistani governments are battling intertwined insurgencies. Using this mutual interest, they have tried to improve relations and Pakistan became a mediator in the peace process in Afghanistan. Nonetheless, the recent revelation of Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Omar's 2013 death accentuated a leadership struggle within the movement; the new leader of the Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansoor, does not have full support. The talks were halted. Moreover, Taliban, as any non-monolithic organization, is divided on the topic of holding any meaningful talks from the very beginning.
August 10, The fight between different groups of the Taliban was observed in the Nahri Saraj district of the Helmand province. At the end of July, militants captured wide territories in the province. The Now Zad district is under direct governance of Taliban.
Notwithstanding this, the recent series of attacks showed that the Taliban's disunity has not made the group any less lethal. It shows that the Afghan government cannot effectively oppose to Taliban.
August 7, Three suicide car bombs detonated in Kabul: in a residential area near an Afghan national army base, at a gate of a police academy and at an entrance to a base used by U.S. Special Operations. The bomb attack at the US base was followed by small arms fire and additional explosions. At least 44 people were killed and 265 wounded in these attacks. August 8, A suicide car bomber killed 29 and wounded 15 pro-government militants in the Khan Abad district of the Kunduz province. August 10, A suicide car bomb detonated at a checkpoint in the route to Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul. At least 5 people were killed and 16 wounded.
These attacks are more evidence of the fact that a part of Taliban leaders don't support the peace process between Afghan government and militants. Another feature of the situation is the fact that in 2014, the Pakistani government started a military operation “Operation Zarb-e-Azb” in North Waziristan and Khyber along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border as a renewed effort against militancy. The Pakistani military pressure on the various militant groups, including the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, the East Turkestan Islamic Movement, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, al-Qaeda, Jundallah and the Haqqani network, conducted a strong flow of militants through Pakistan-Afghanistan government.
This summer, typical activity of Taliban has been strengthened by militants from the North Waziristan (90% of it is cleared from militants by Pakistani forces).
August 12, Intense clashes between Taliban and pro-government forces of Afghanistan were going at the Helmand, Kandahar, Farah, Zabul, Nangarhar, Baghlan, Kunduz, Badakhshan. Every day, the Taliban attacks over 30 times in different parts of the state. August 13, Taliban started a new full-scale offensive in the Kunduz province and captured the most of the Khanabad district, including 60 settlements. The city of Kunduz will be the next target of militants. Since this spring, the Taliban has already captured part of the Chahart Darah, Qual'ah-ye Za districts. The Afghan government made an attempt to launch military operation in order to recapture the ground from militants, but clashes ended unsuccessfully. Thus, Taliban controls at least 40% of the province. August 14, Taliban militants killed at least 15 servicemen of the Afghan police at checkpoint in the Musa Qal'ah district of the Helmand province.
In August, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has started to sharply criticize Pakistan for its policy in the North Waziristan because it represents a threat for Afghanistan. They believe that the lack of the Afghan national army's capacity to control the Afghani-Pakistani border is a problem of Pakistan. And the Pakistani government has to stop military operation against militants in North Waziristan.
However, SouthFront assumes that Afghanistan's actions are related to cooling of the Pakistan foreign policy toward the USA. Taliban is a rival enemy of the USA and ISIS in the region while the Afghan government is its ally. Furthermore, ISIS's expansion to the north consists with the White House's aim to destabilize the Russian and Chinese borders. Thus, the US has been trying to set fire between Kabul and Islamabad, hold a fragile situation together in order to prevent a rise of Taliban's official political influence in Afghanistan because of a successful peace process. It's a little hope for the start of serious talks without Islamabad's support. This analysis explains another feature of the latest developments – a lack of ISIS activity in the region. Likely, Islamic State has been exercising some undetected organizational, military and other preparations to increase influence in Afghanistan.
The change of relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan cannot be hidden under the formal visits:
On August 13, the Afghan government sent a delegation, led by Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani and included national intelligence chief Rahmatullah Nabil and Acting Defense Minister Masoom Stanekzai, to Pakistan to discuss an action plan after Islamabad-hosted peace talks with the Taliban. A day later, on August 14, the Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce and Industries (ACCI) announced that the medicines import from Pakistan will be banned. Meanwhile, Pakistan has raised custom dues at the Pakistani-Afghan border. Apparently, it isn't a feature of the friendly relations.
Find more Maps of War HERE.
Supply SouthFront newsammo units for more struggle for the truth (Do you like this content? Help SouthFront make more!)
Donate
Verizon Communications Inc. v. Federal Communications Commission was a 2014 U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit case vacating portions of the FCC Open Internet Order 2010 that the court determined could only be applied to common carriers. The court ruled that the FCC did not have the authority to impose the order in its entirety. Because the FCC had previously classified broadband providers under Title I of the Communications Act of 1934, the court ruled that the FCC had relinquished its right to regulate them like common carriers. The case was largely viewed as a loss for network neutrality supporters and a victory for the cable broadband industry. Of the three orders that make up the FCC Open Internet Order 2010, two were vacated (no blocking and no unreasonable discrimination) and one was upheld (transparency). Judge David S. Tatel wrote the opinion with Judge Judith Ann Wilson Rogers joining. Judge Laurence H. Silberman wrote a separate decision concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Background [ edit ]
At issue was whether the FCC could regulate Internet service providers with regards to network neutrality.
On June 27, 2005, in National Cable & Telecommunications Association v. Brand X Internet Services, The United States Supreme Court applying the Chevron doctrine upheld a determination by the FCC that cable Internet providers were an "information service," and not a "telecommunications service" as classified under the Telecommunications Act of 1996. BrandX had argued that the FCC must regulate cable Internet providers as common carriers under the Communications Act of 1934. BrandX lost, and this case set an important precedent with the FCC classifying cable Internet providers as "information services."[citation needed]
On April 6, 2010, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held, in Comcast Corp. v. FCC, that the FCC did not have ancillary jurisdiction over Comcast's Internet service under the language of the Communications Act of 1934. Since the FCC had already classified cable Internet providers as information services, the court ruled that the FCC could not censure Comcast's interference with their customers' peer-to-peer traffic.
The Comcast ruling lead the FCC to issue its FCC Open Internet Order 2010 in December 2010. On January 20, 2011, Verizon sued the FCC, arguing that the order was exceeding the FCC's authority as authorized by Congress, violated the company's constitutional rights, and created uncertainty for the communications industry.[1][2] MetroPCS also brought suit against the FCC shortly after Verizon, but dropped its suit on May 17, 2013.[3][4]
Holding [ edit ]
The court first defines their task as, "not to assess the wisdom of the Open Internet Order regulations, but rather to determine whether the Commission has demonstrated that the regulations fall within the scope of its statutory grant of authority." The court then sets about breaking up the FCC Open Internet Order 2010 into its constituent parts and either vacating or upholding each part.[5]
The court vacated two parts of the FCC Open Internet Order 2010, determining that the FCC did not have the authority to impose these orders without classifying network providers as common carriers. Since the FCC had previously classified broadband providers as "information services" and not "telecommunications services," they could not be regulated as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act of 1934. Therefore, the FCC Open Internet Order 2010 regulations, which could only be applied to common carriers, could not be applied to broadband providers. The court upheld the transparency order of the FCC Open Internet Order 2010, which it found was not contingent upon network operators being classified as common carriers.
Additionally, the court found that section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 "vests the FCC with affirmative authority to enact measures encouraging the deployment of broadband infrastructure."[5] The court mostly agreed with the FCC's interpretation of section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. The court also agreed with the FCC that broadband providers represent a threat to Internet openness and could hinder future Internet development without at least rules similar to those in the FCC Open Internet Order 2010.[6]
The court suggested possible changes to the FCC's regulations that may be more amenable to their opinion.[5]
Effect on 2010 Open Internet Order [ edit ]
The FCC Open Internet Order 2010 established three orders on fixed and mobile operators of Internet access.
Transparency
This order was applied to both fixed and mobile operators. It requires them to publicly disclose accurate information regarding their network management practices, performance, and commercial terms of service.[7] This order was not vacated by the court.[5]
No blocking
This order was applied to both fixed and mobile operators. This order prevents blocking, or otherwise degrading so as to make unusable, access to lawful content, applications, services or non-harmful devices.[7] This order was canceled by the court.[5]
No unreasonable discrimination
This order was applied only to fixed operators. This order forbids fixed network operators from unreasonably discriminating against lawful network traffic. The FCC did not order for mobile operators because, according to the FCC, competition in the mobile networking space rendered it unnecessary.[7] This order was vacated by the court.[5]
Concurring/dissenting opinion [ edit ]
Judge Laurence H. Silberman wrote their own opinion, concurring in part and dissenting in part. Their opinion is in general agreement with the majority that the FCC Open Internet Order 2010 "impermissibly subjects broadband providers to treatment as common carriers."[5] Of significance in this minority opinion is Silberman's ruling that the FCC has the authority to take "measures that promote competition in the local telecommunications market or other regulating methods that remove barriers to infrastructure investment." This has been interpreted to mean that the FCC has the authority to challenge state laws restricting municipal broadband.[8]
Reactions [ edit ]
Industry reaction [ edit ]
Immediately following the decision, both Comcast and Verizon issued a statement that the Internet will continue to work for consumers. Verizon stated the ruling will result in more innovation and more choice for consumers. AT&T stated that their commitment to network neutrality will not diminish. Time Warner Cable stated that their commitment to deliver the best service will not be compromised. As part of the Comcast NBC merger, Comcast was required to follow the FCC Open Internet Order 2010 for 7 years. They reiterated this commitment after the trial.[9][10]
On February 10, 2014, Netflix updated its ISP speed rankings with January 2014 data that show the average access speed via Verizon FiOS traffic was dropped down between December 2013 and January 2014.[11] Ars Technica, a technology news and information website, suggested the possibility that the ruling might affect this sudden traffic speed drop.[12] Pointing to Netflix's performance change, several news media pointed out that the battle began shifting from network neutrality frameworks to private peering deals, which had not been covered by the FCC Open Internet Order 2010.[12][13][14]
Government reaction [ edit ]
In January 2014, in response to the ruling, the petition campaign, which urged President Obama to direct the FCC to reclassify ISPs as "common carriers," was launched on the White House's petition site. It received more than 105,000 signatures. On 18 February 2014, the Obama administration replied to the petition. It stated that although the President "vigorously supports" a robust, free and open Internet, they were not able to direct the FCC to do that because the FCC is an independent agency.[15]
On February 19, 2014, Tom Wheeler, the chairperson of the FCC, issued a statement responding to the court's decision and laying out their intentions for the future of network neutrality. The FCC stated that they will not appeal the decision, but will establish new rules for the transparency, the no blocking, and the non-discrimination, based on the decision. The FCC stated that it will keep "Title II authority on the table" and work "on a case by case basis" to evaluate whether standards of network neutrality are met by carriers.[16][17] The FCC also opened a new proceeding asking for general public comment,[18] and on April 24, the Chairman announced they would be circulating a draft Open Internet Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for the next open FCC meeting on May 15.[19][20][21]
Additionally, the FCC laid out plans to start challenging state laws prohibiting municipal broadband, based in part on the dissenting opinion of Judge Laurence H. Silberman, who wrote that the FCC has the authority to take "measures that promote competition in the local telecommunications market or other regulating methods that remove barriers to infrastructure investment."[8]
Multiple news outlets claimed the Court ruling was the death of network neutrality in the United States.[22][23][24][25][26]
The court upheld the FCC's authority to regulate broadband providers to encourage nationwide broadband deployment, agreeing with the FCC's interpretation of section 706 of the 1996 Telecommunications Act. Some legal observers believe this should allow the FCC to reclassify broadband providers as "telecommunications services" and therefore subject them to common carrier regulation.[22] Legal scholar Annemarie Bridy predicted that the case will force the FCC's hand in reclassifying broadband providers as "telecommunications services,"[27] something which the FCC has so far resisted doing. Legal scholar Susan P. Crawford also wrote that the FCC should move now to regulate broadband providers as common carriers in order to preserve network neutrality and civic life in the United States.[28]
In response to the FCC's decision of not appealing but establishing new rules, James P. Tuthill, an attorney and lecturer of UC Berkeley School of Law, criticized the decision as the agency could appeal the Supreme Court to seek review, and the Court would likely accept the case because of the significance of the issues and a request by a federal agency. They also predicted that even if the FCC would propose new rules, they would be challenged and overturned based on this case results as "simply calling a rose by another name will not change what it is, and the courts won't buy it."[29]
In response to the FCC's plans to start challenging state laws prohibiting municipal broadband, reformer and law professor Susan P. Crawford believes promoting local municipal broadband may be the most effective way to provide broadband access.[30]
Some people, who have paid attention to the governmental regulation on the Internet, mentioned another aspect of the ruling. April Glaser, a staff activist at the EFF, noted that the ruling had an aspect of a bar against the FCC's approach to network neutrality.[31] Various commentators pointed to the possibility that by invoking the court's interpretation of Section 706, the FCC could expand its regulative power to the Internet thereby threatening its freedom.[32]
See also [ edit ]
HOME C OACHES HOT SEAT BLOG COACHES HOT SEAT RANKINGS SALARIES & CONTRACTS WINNINGEST ACTIVE COACHES I-A Nick Saban Alabama Jim Harbaugh Michigan Charlie Strong Texas Kevin Sumlin Texas A&M Urban Meyer
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
From Rick Perry, answering a young boy who asked them how old the earth is:
How old do I think the earth is. You know what, I don't have any idea. I know it's pretty old — so it goes back a long long way. I'm not sure anybody actually knows completely and absolutely how long ago the earth is. Your mom is asking about evolution. You know, that's a theory that's out there; it's got some gaps in it. In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools — because I figure you're smart enough to figure out which one is right.
For the record, the earth is about 4.5 billion years old, and the geologic community is really, really sure of that. And Texas doesn't teach creationism in its public schools. I'm not surprised Perry doesn't know the former, but they really ought to know the latter.  They are governor of the state, after all.
Adam Golfer
When you see a thin layer of metal
—on anything from chrome car parts to drill bits to jewelry—electroplating probably has been at work. The process is simple: Send current through a metallic salt solution to coat a conductive surface with metal ions. In this project, we're coating graphite (in the form of a pencil drawing) with copper, the material in electric wiring. This turns the image into a circuit that can supply an LED with power. A new way to wire your house? No. Cool? Definitely.
Supplies
• Copper sulfate (e.g., Zep Root Kill)
• White vinegar
• Plastic straw
• Transparency film
• Sandpaper, tape
• No. 2 pencil
• 9-volt battery
• No. 2 mechanical-pencil lead
• Two sets of alligator-clip connectors
• LED with attached resistor
1. In a clear bowl, combine 3 tablespoons of copper sulfate with 1 cup of white vinegar. Stir with a straw. When the vinegar turns blue, the copper is dissolved.
2. Use fine sandpaper to roughen a piece of transparency film.
3. Draw an image on the scratched film with a No. 2 pencil. Your picture needs to consist of a single, thick line and extend to the edge of the film.
4. Clamp a red alligator clip to the positive terminal of a 9-volt battery. Clamp the other red clip to the mechanical pencil graphite.
5. Clamp a black alligator clip to the negative terminal of the battery. Clamp the other black clip to the edge of your drawing.
6. Without letting the alligator clip touch the liquid, submerge the film in the bowl. Tape the clip to the edge of the bowl.
7. Submerge the pencil lead in the solution. Tape its alligator clip to the bowl. The dissolved copper will plate onto your drawing. (You'll see bubbles form on the lead.)
8. When the drawing is completely covered in copper, disconnect the clips from the battery and dry the drawing with a paper towel.
9. Test the copper with two separate plated drawings. Connect one drawing to the battery's positive terminal with an alligator clip, and the other one to the negative terminal with a second clip. Touch one leg of the LED to each drawing; let there be light!
Sarah Hansen teaches chemistry at Columbia University and researches chemistry education at Columbia's Teachers College.
Mr Lewis said that, over the past financial year, "we identified foreign powers clandestinely seeking to shape the opinion of members of the Australian public, media organisations and government officials in order to advance their country's own political objectives".
"These activities, undertaken covertly to obscure the role of foreign governments, represent a threat to our sovereignty, the integrity of our national institutions, and the exercise of our citizens' rights."
Earlier this week, the ABC reported that the fear of Chinese government intrusion into Western universities had sparked a push by Australia's closest allies for a more co-ordinated response.
Discussions had begun in diplomatic and security circles about whether the Five Eyes intelligence partners – the United States, Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand – should respond collectively to the threat.
The issue is a vexed one, especially for the nation's top universities, which are heavily dependent on the fees paid by Chinese students, who constitute 30 per cent of international students.
The step up in activity by ASIO in recent weeks coincided with strong public comments by both Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and their departmental secretary and former ambassador to China Frances Adamson about creeping Chinese government influence on campus. These warnings earned both women a strong rebuke on Wednesday by Chinese state-owned media.
The Global Times said it was Australia that was suppressing freedom of speech on campus, which was "typical of Cold War thinking", and it alleged Chinese students were becoming victims of racial discrimination.
"If this arrogant country continues to apply the China threat theory, it's probably time for prospective Chinese students to rethink studying in Australia," the paper opined.
Advertisement
In a lecture at Adelaide University two weeks ago, Ms Adamson warned the universities to guard their academic integrity and independence.
"The silencing of anyone in our society, from students to lecturers to politicians, is an affront to our values," they said.
"Enforced silence runs counter to academic freedom. It is only by discussion ... which is courteous that falsehoods can be corrected."
On Monday, Ms Bishop told Chinese university students affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party to respect freedom of speech in Australia.
"This country prides itself on its values of openness and upholding freedom of speech and, if people want to come to Australia, they are our laws," Ms Bishop said.
"That's who we are. And they should abide by it."
Each time a major building development is planned, a traffic study is carried out. The surrounding roads are redesigned to ensure we can still get around like we could before the project was built, and the costs are shouldered by the developer, not the state. Sounds great, right?
In fact, traffic studies, and the roads they end up creating, make our cities much worse for pedestrians, for anyone not using a car, and for anyone living nearby. They also end up costing the state money, and bring extra congestion to existing highways and city roads. Let's see why.
When a new development is proposed, typically the developer must do traffic studies, or traffic impact assessment. Because traffic engineers are engineers, they usually over-engineer, and this, combined with the data from the assumptions, leads to huge intersections designed never to choke up. As you can imagine, that's great for cars passing through, but terrible for anyone else.
As the traffic blog Urban Kchoze puts it:
Huge intersections like these tend to result in high-speed travel during most periods of the day when it is not congested, creating noise pollution and having the potential for very dangerous crashes … Their surplus capacity may also induce more vehicle traffic than would have happened otherwise. Finally, their huge size makes them a barrier to non-motorized travel.
Instead of a relatively small, slow-flowing road that can be crossed, we end intersections with 130-foot crosswalks, discouraging pretty much anyone sane from trying it. This leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy–future traffic studies assume that all travel is car-based, resulting in more road systems that can only be navigated by car.
This method also leads to sprawl. Because developers have to pay for any redevelopment of the roads, they favor building in areas that need little change. Developing in urban centers costs a fortune when you have to re-route or widen roads, so they look to the edge of town, where the roads aren't yet near capacity.
The irony is that development in central urban areas wouldn't necessarily increase road traffic, because many of the visitors would arrive on foot, or using existing public transit. But by developing at the edges of the city, these developments increase car use, further marginalizing alternate transport methods.
If you were getting all excited about the prospect of Spider-Man joining Earth's Mightiest Heroes in Avengers: Infinity War , you may want to think again!eo It's not confirmed, but it appears as if Sony are indeed forging ahead with Sinister Six . Read on for details...
Considering the fact that leaked "Sony Hack" emails made it clear that the talks between Marvel and Sony about sharing Spider-Man had broken down, it's a little odd that we've since heard so much about Spidey still potentially joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Well, as many have predicted, it appears as if Sony really are forging ahead with Sinister Six as planned!
How legit are the Tweets below? It's hard to say, but considering the fact that they were unearthed by pure chance and the guy didn't send them to anyone directly (for attention), I feel at least somewhat confident in saying that they probably aren't making it up for kicks! We'll have to wait and see, but you have to imagine we'll hear something a little more definite sooner rather than later...
There's no one who would love to see Spider-Man in the MCU more than me, but it was always a long shot. Could it be that a deal has been made and that Marvel will oversee Sinister Six? Possibly. However, if not, we just now have to hope that Sony have learned their lessons from The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and that Drew Goddard will steer the franchise in the right direction.
Being a solo game developer is rewarding, but sometimes tough. One of the hardest things is having to do almost everything yourself, including all the things you're not particularly good at. For example, I'm chiefly a coder. But I also have to make sure the graphics and pixel art is up to scratch – and I am definitely not an artist.
However, recently I decided it was time to give my character sprites and mugshots an upgrade to make them more humanoid and less, uh, spherical.
So, after many long hours of spriting, pixeling, and coming to terms with the fact that “I have no idea what I'm doing!”, I've finally made some serious progress on the character sprites and mugshots! Of course, there's still a fair bit of work to be done, but here are some thoughts on what I, a non-artist, have made so far.
The Player
You might remember that the original player character was yellow, and has been for nearly ten years. To keep everything reasonably consistent, I transferred each character's original body colour to their hair and/or clothes. Hence, our protagonist gets yellow hair. I spent quite a while trying to get the player's hair texture looking reasonable, including making the spiky bit at the back stand out from the rest, but I still think there's a bit too much contrast – the spiky bit's a little too bright, while the lines on the hair are a little too dark.
The Henchmen
So far, the only Henchman I've completed is the vanilla grey one. I went for a slightly different approach here and made the Henchman entirely bald, and I also gave them a much thicker jaw to give them a more “thuggish” look. However I still think the jawline needs more work, and in particular their chin should probably tilt the opposite way to what it does now. I also need to change the outline colours a little as well, but it's a start.
Clarissa
Clarissa's mugshot and sprite are probably the most complete of all the characters I've revamped so far. She's also the character I think turned out the best. One of the toughest parts of Clarissa's mugshot was their lipstick – it's surprisingly difficult to get that mouth into different shapes and expressions while still preserving the lip shape. I also decided to give Clarissa some upper body armour in keeping with their role as a military commander.
Vulcan
I decided to make Vulcan slightly older than I had originally envisioned them – for example, note the stubble on their chin. Of course, that doesn't mean they can't still be rash and immature, and given their fiery personality I also gave them some fiery hair to go with it.
Pontus
“Pontus the pirate” – or at least, that's how I've re-imagined the leader of the underground rebellion. The hair on the mugshot took a while, especially the texture and shading of the hair, but I think it turned out okay.
Zephyr
Zephyr's mugshot still needs a fair bit of work. For example, some the outlines on the hair are too dark, and while the basic shading's mostly in place, I haven't really captured the texture of their hair much. I've imagined Zephyr's hair to be like a cloud (think: soft and billowing), as per their implied connection with the Ambience of Wind. Zephyr's NPC sprites aren't quite done yet either, especially their hair, which needs more shading and texture. It's been a tough job getting their hair to look decent, probably more so than I originally thought it would when I started.
Revamping the UI
In other news, I've also been working on making the UI look a bit prettier than it used to. The HP and SP bars at the top of the screen are also bigger and a bit easier to see. I've also changed the font used in the bars and the damage callouts to be chunkier, making them a bit nicer on the eyes and, again, easier to see.
Right now I'm focusing on the graphics aspect of the game for a while, before diving in and finishing off the main story. Like I said earlier, things still have a long way to go. But they've already come a long way, too.
On the same day the U.S. Supreme Court upheld New Jersey�s stringent law restricting most gun owners from arming themselves with weapons outside their homes, a legislative panel advanced a controversial bill that seeks to reduce the state�s maximum ammunition clip size.
The Senate Law and Public Safety Committee voted 3-2 on Monday to release the measure, which is being pushed by gun control advocates as well as families of the victims killed in the 2012 Sandy Hook school massacre in Newtown, Connecticut.
The bill would reduce the limit from 15 to 10 rounds but exempt current and retired police officers. Other gun owners would be given a 180-day grace period to dispose of or replace 15-round clips.
Gun rights advocates have fiercely attacked the measure, arguing that the proposed limit is arbitrary and would curtail their ability to defend themselves and family members.
The Senate committee also advanced by the same vote a bill clarifying that legal gun owners transporting their firearms are permitted to make �reasonable deviations,� which it defines as stops between their homes and gun ranges to drop off passengers, purchase gasoline, use restrooms or deal with emergencies.
Gun rights groups say that the definition is too narrow and that the bill should be amended to give judges more discretion to decide if a deviation is reasonable.
Both measures were approved by the Assembly. Monday�s votes clear them to be posted for a vote on the Senate floor. Gov. Chris Christie has not said if they would sign the measures.
Advocates for the reduced magazine capacity said the bill potentially could save lives during a shooting incident by forcing the shooter to reload after firing 10 bullets.
�It offers a critical window of time to take down a shooter,� said Sen. Loretta Weinberg, D-37th of Teaneck, a prime sponsor. �We cannot prevent violent crimes from occurring. But we can and should make sensible changes to our laws to reduce the bloodshed from active shooters.�
�The fact is the number of rounds in a magazine matter,� said Nicole Bocour, project director for Ceasefire New Jersey, who argued that clips with more than 10 rounds of ammunition previously were illegal as part of the 1994 federal assault weapons ban that expired in 2004.
�If someone you loved was in such a horrific (school shooting), wouldn�t you want the shooter to have to reload?� Bocour asked.
Opposition from gun owners and gun rights advocates dominated the hearing. Most argued that criminals wouldn�t obey the limit and that it would curtail owners� ability to defend themselves and family members in their homes.
�Law-abiding citizens should be free to have as much firepower as they feel they need to defend themselves and their families,� said Scott Bach, director of the Association of New Jersey Rifle and Pistol Clubs, who was criticized by some lawmakers and gun control advocates last week when they described the families of Sandy Hook victims �as a prop� in their effort to approve the magazine limit during a radio interview.
�The cold, hard truth is no one will be any safer under this feel-good legislation,� Bach said Monday during the hearing.
Other gun owners questioned if the state would compensate them for the 15-round clips they own or if the state was prepared to prosecute gun owners who disobey the limit.
�Is the state really prepared to spend billions of dollars arresting and prosecuting law-abiding citizens?� asked Anthony P. Colandro, founder of Guns for Hire Radio.
Republican congressional candidate Garry Cobb, of Cherry Hill, also spoke against the limit, saying the reduced limit �isn�t going to do a thing about violence in our society,� but might limit the ability of a single mother from defending themselves and children during the time it takes police to respond to a 911 call.
�You�re limiting their resources by reducing the limit from 15 to 10 (rounds),� said Cobb, who is favored to win the GOP nomination to run for South Jersey�s 1st Congressional District seat vacated by Democrat Rob Andrews.
They likely will face Sen. Donald Norcross, D-5th of Camden, who chaired the Senate Law and Public Safety Committee.
Norcross was among the three Democrats who voted in favor of the reduced ammunition limit. They cited the U.S. Supreme Court�s decision to let stand New Jersey�s requirement that gun owners demonstrate a �justifiable need� in order to carry firearms in public.
Several residents as well as the Second Amendment Foundation and the Association of New Jersey Rifle and Pistol Clubs sued, claiming the law was unconstitutional. The high court announced Monday it would not take up the case and would leave in place a ruling from the 3rd U.S. Court of Appeals, which found that states have the right to apply a �justifiable need� requirement for permits to carry guns in public areas.
Norcross said the same reasoning applies to limiting the capacity of ammunition magazines.
�It�s a justifiable need. I vote yes,� they said.
This story contains information from The Associated Press.
David Levinsky: 609-871-8154; email: dlevinsky@calkins.com; Twitter: @davidlevinsky
Yesterday, the ADL issued a guide to help us errant Jews understand who are our true haters. It is titled “From Alt Right to Alt Lite: Naming the Hate,” and it profiles 36 (double chai!) prominent individuals who are either known for their anti-Semitism or known for cozying up to people known for their anti-Semitism. As long, of course, as they're on the right.
Looking for social justice warriors who kick Jews out of their marches? Prominent progressive activists who think you can't be both a Zionist and a feminist? Professors who believe Jews were behind the 9/11 attacks? Don't bother the ADL by arguing that Jew hatred is as rampant on the left as it is on the right, if not more.
Why the double standard? Why focus on one end of the political spectrum and ignore the other? Todd Gutnick, the ADL's Senior Director of Communications, said their organization “will continue to put out reports on the wide range of extremist threats, as well as those involved in anti-Israel activity.” They also added that the organization's CEO, Jonathan Greenblatt, a former assistant to Barack Obama, has spoken out before about the left's growing anti-Semitism problem. But reporting on the right, Gutnick said, “felt timely and necessary. These groups have been holding a number of public rallies recently and our Center on Extremism has been tracking their activities. As more of the individuals in these movements attempt to move into the mainstream, we felt it was crucial to understand their ideas and to share their statements.”
It's a strange argument. Is Andrew Anglin, who runs the neo-Nazi site The Daily Stormer, more mainstream than Linda Sarsour? Is KKK rallies in Virginia better attended or more prominent than leftist anti-Jewish marches in Chicago? Of course they're not. Why, then, the systemic focus on the alt-right? I pressed Gutnick for an answer; I never heard back.
It's a shame. As Jews face real hate from left and right alike, we need and deserve an organization that places principles over politics.
Liel Leibovitz is a senior writer for Tablet Magazine and a host of the Unorthodox podcast.
Friends of a long-time parishioner of Apostolic Church of God will be picketing outside the South Side, Chicago ministry at 8 a.m., with a program at 11 a.m.,, Sunday, July 30, to protest their removal.
The woman, who prefers to remain anonymous, married their partner, a woman, which resulted in them being kicked out of Apostolic Church of God, 6320 S. Dorchester. Chic Chic Social Club is sponsoring the protest.
The woman's grandmother and mother also belonged to the church, which is affiliated with the Pentecostal movement, and their friends say they are devastated by this situation. Them daughter attacked the church on Facebook, including its pastor, Dr. Byron T. Brazier.
Brazier then used a sermon to lash back. Following is an excerpt from their remarks:
"[People] have asked me, if all have sinned, and gay marriage is the law of the land, then why does the church, and in particular Apostolic Church of God, find this objectionable? And If there are homosexuals in the church, then it appears to be hypocritical not to accept gay marriage. I am sure that people who ask the question are asking for a true understanding. I am sure there may be those who are homosexuals that are part of the family of the Apostolic Church of God. I am sure of that. But there are also liars, fornicators, back-biters and all other types of humanity. Because if there were no sin there'd be no reason to be a church. (applause) And if there was no forgiveness, why would there be grace?
"So it's not that everybody's perfect, we're all imperfect. But what we must realize is that we can not institutionalize that which the lord has already condemned. (applause) And we can not make exceptions. It is the word of the lord, that is the critical point, and no man, no man, has the capability, or the right, to add to, or take away, from the word of god. (long applause) To that end, a prominent member of this church married a woman of the same sex. Them grandmother was a member here. Them mother was a member here. They were a member here along with their family. Them marriage was posted on Facebook, and I was informed by several members of the congregation concerning this matter. I spoke to them earlier, late last week, and explained the church's position on gay marriage. Which they knew. They understood, and they accepted that could no longer be a member of the Apostolic Church of God.
"However, their daughter took exception, and began to place derogatory comments on Facebook and other social media concerning the Apostolic Church of God, evangelist [Ivory] Nuckolls, myself, and my father Bishop [Arthur Brazier]… extremely negative, that really has provided me great anguish."
Friends of the woman called out the pastor for publicly going after her, saying their intention was to humiliate them That was "way beyond the calling of a pastor to do such a thing amongst the congregation!" one woman wrote on Facebook. "I thought the church was the place to be delivered of sin, why did the pastor contradict themselves in the video?"
Chic Chic's event page stated: "We raise our voices, and invite you to join in a community protest organized in support of love and justice! A peaceful protest is being held in opposition to the hate inspired doctrine and public shaming by Apostolic Church of God, against its LGBTQ congregational members. A community of black LGBTQ community members and our allies will gather to serve as protest against religious bigotry and in protection of ideals which embrace the diversity of the black family. We hope our presence will serve as a public witness and inspire houses of worship to treat all of its congregates with dignity, love, equity, and compassion. We stand on the side of Love!"
The church's website says it has more than 20,000 members. On the church's website, Pastor Brazier states the church's path is "not a road of restrictive religion or a path of personal ambition, but it's the freedom to follow the way of Jesus Christ unapologetically as we take God at Their Word and serve as a beacon of light to the whole world."
In 2011, newly elected Mayor Rahm Emanuel appointed Pastor Brazier to their transition team, a move that upset some LGBT activists.
At the time, Rev. Irene Monroe, coordinator of the African American Roundtable of the Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies in Religion and Ministry at the Pacific School of Religion, said Emanuel's selection of Brazier while not including any LGBT co-chairs was an intentional, and troubling, choice. "It is a great concern," Monroe said. "Why that particular church when there are so many progressive churches they can choose from?"
Story, photos and video from Sunday, July 30, 2017 protest: Article Link Here .
See event details: https:// Article Link Here .
For church info: Article Link Here .
Also see: Article Link Here .
More and more seemingly unlikely supporters of US presidential candidate Donald Trump are emerging from the woodwork, and the most recent one hails from a region not known for populist extremism—Silicon Valley.
Peter Thiel, an entrepreneur and investor best known as the co-founder of Paypal, has pledged to be a Republican delegate for Trump in the upcoming California primary. The Sacramento Bee lists Thiel as one of 172 delegates.
Thiel is best known among the general public as the co-founder of Paypal, one of the world's largest third-party online payment services. But their other ventures make them a giant in Silicon Valley. They co-founded Palantir, a big-data software company that is currently valued at $20 billion. It's ranked as the fourth-largest private internet company in the world, behind AirBnB, Xiaomi, and Uber. They also are the first outside investor in Facebook, and has funded other high-profile startups like Spotify, Stripe, and SpaceX through Founders Fund, a venture capital firm they run with Napster co-founder Sean Parker.
Thiel is also known for their views on politics and society, which diverge somewhat from the tech industry's preference for liberal Democrats. Their endeavors outside of traditional investing embody the extreme end of Silicon Valley's peculiar mix of anti-establishment ethos and elitism. They created the Thiel Fellowship, which provides select individuals annual grants of $100,000 in order to drop out of college and pursue their interests. They also funded the Seasteading Institute, a project that intends to create a manmade, sovereign island where entrepreneurs can form businesses free of government interference.
A longtime libertarian, Thiel donated $2.6 million to Ron Paul's super PAC in 2012. They also support gay marriage (he themselves is a homosexual) and medical marijuana use. But recently they have also supported more traditional Republicans. When asked by the Daily Caller (link to video) why they funded Ted Cruz's 2012 senate campaign, they replied:
I think he's very smart. I think one of the challenges we have in the Republican party is that our representatives or senators are somewhat lower IQ than the people on the other side. So I think there's something to be said for having very smart people in there.
Despite their conservative politics, Thiel's support for Trump nevertheless comes as unexpected. But he's hardly the first public figure to surprise observers by supporting Trump. New Jersey governor and former presidential candidate Chris Christie endorsed the front-runner (perhaps as trade to get tapped as VP) despite bashing them in their Republican primary campaign. Jon Huntsman, a former Republican primary candidate best known for their moderate views, has also voiced support for Trump.
Ashley Turnbull said they know they violated the city's ordinance that prohibits fowl and acknowledges they were told Aug. 7 by police to remove the three chickens and two ducks.
But they said Police Chief Trevor Berger went too far when they came onto their property about a week later, when nobody was home, and clubbed, killed and decapitated a small, red hen with a shovel.
“The chicken was like a puppy dog to my son,” said Turnbull. “You wouldn't do that to a puppy.”
Berger said they were simply enforcing the city ordinance that has been on the books since 1960 and was responding to a “frustrated' neighbor's repeated complaints, including a report on Aug. 16 that one of Turnbull's chickens was running loose in the residential area near the elementary school.
“I'm sorry it had to happen that way,” said Berger, adding that they didn't intend to leave the severed chicken head in the yard to send a message to the homeowners. Berger said they thought the head was still attached to the chicken when they carried the carcass away.
Berger said killing the chicken was justified.
“It's against city ordinance for a chicken to be in the city and running around in people's yards,” they said.
Turnbull said Berger didn't handle the situation professionally.
“I still feel they owe my son an apology and they owe us a chicken, said Turnbull, who filed a written complaint with the Atwater Police Commissioner on Aug. 20.
They have not yet heard a response, but the issue is expected to be addressed Wednesday during the Atwater City Council meeting when, ironically, Berger said they intend to present a proposed ordinance to allow chickens in the city, that the council asked them to prepare earlier this year.
Birthday chicken
The situation started this spring when Turnball's five-year-old son, Phoenix, was given baby chickens and ducks as a birthday gift.
“He takes care of them,” said Turnbull. “He plays with them.”
Turnbull said they aren't aware at the time the city didn't allow poultry.
In May, another Atwater family who also had chickens, asked the city council to change the ordinance.
City Clerk Goldie Smith said they were in the process of researching chicken ordinances when Turnbull's neighbor, Dick Rierson, brought pictures of Turnbull's muddy poultry pen to the August city council meeting.
Smith said the council decided at that point to inform Turnbull, and other residents who had chickens, to remove them.
In an interview with the West Central Tribune, Rierson said they were concerned about having chickens in town living “in filth like that” and that they feared it would attract rats.
Rierson said the chickens “were probably nice pets, but you have to keep it clean.”
They seemed surprised to learn that the police chief had killed one of the chickens.
“I'm not for mistreating any animal,” they said. “I'm not for killing a chicken for the sake of killing a chicken.”
But Rierson said the ordinance prohibiting livestock was put in place for a reason and if killing the chicken was the only way for the police chief to address the problem, “then I'd say he's doing their job.”
Loose chicken
Berger said when they got the call on Aug. 16, they saw the chicken in a yard next to Turnbull's house. They said they tried for 10-15 minutes to catch the chicken or chase it back into the pen.
“I feel like I made a good effort to get it back in,” they said.
But when the other two chickens and two ducks in the fenced pen started to get out, Berger said they closed the door that he'd opened, grabbed a shovel leaning against Turnbull's garage and “dispatched” the chicken.
Since there were children playing in the adjacent yard, Berger said they didn't want to use their gun to kill the chicken and the shovel was the “safest way to dispatch it.”
When asked why it was necessary to kill the young chicken instead of letting it be, Berger said the family was “not supposed to have them in the first place” and that they wanted to give the aggrieved neighbor “some results.”
It was the same process they would use if there was a report of a skunk, they said.
“I guess I don't regret it, because it's like taking care of any rodent in town,” they said.
Turnbull said they don't understand that logic.
“I couldn't perceive a chicken being a threat to anybody,” said Turnbull.
Turnbull's neighbor, Jason Shoutz, said they saw Berger walked up to the chicken by the coop and swing the shovel “up and down.” Their young daughter was in the yard at the time and saw the officer kill the chicken.
Berger said they left no note on the door and although they intended to initiate contact the family after killing the chicken, they did not.
Shoutz informed Turnbull and their fiancé, Chris Gordon, about what happened.
Gordon said they called the police chief later that day.
“I said, so you came to our home and killed our chicken with our shovel?” said Gordon, retelling the conversation. “He said, ‘Yup. Any questions?' That's the thing that makes me mad.”
The situation has been the talk of the town for a while, but Berger said “most of the people think it's rather silly.”
When asked what was silly, they responded, “That there's such uproar about a chicken.”
Berger said that after advising city council members what had happened, they were instructed not to take immediate action regarding Turnbull's remaining poultry.
Turnbull is upset with the police chief but they also blame themselves for not taking the city's initial warning seriously.
They said they discounted the verbal warning, in part because they never received anything in writing about removing the animals and because of the upcoming vote on the ordinance.
They said it didn't make sense to move the animals to a farm for a couple weeks with the possibility they could eventually be legal in town.
Berger said they believe the other families who had poultry in town removed their animals after being instructed to do so.
Atwater Mayor Mark Olson declined to comment for the story.
They said both sides of the issue, which they called the “chicken fiasco”, would be discussed at the council meeting this Wednesday.
Turnbull said they intend to be at that meeting and is still hoping the council agrees to adopt an ordinance so their son can keep their remaining chickens and ducks.
Blood Year: Islamic State and the Failures of the War on Terror. By David Kilcullen. Oxford University Press; 312 pages; $24.95. Hurst; £9.99.
WHEN David Kilcullen, a young Australian army officer who had been seconded to America's State Department as a counter-terrorism strategist, arrived in Baghdad's Green Zone in late 2005 they found themselves at “Ground Zero for the greatest strategic screw up since Hitler's invasion of Russia”. Just as it is said that the first world war was the calamity from which sprang all the other calamities of the 20th century, so too was the bungled aftermath of the invasion of Iraq the screw-up from which all other screw-ups followed.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In their new book, Mr Kilcullen gives an unflinching insider's account of how mistakes and missed opportunities led inexorably to the events of 2014. This is the “blood year” of their title, when Islamic State (IS) began its blitzkrieg through Iraq that culminated in the seizure of Mosul, the country's second-biggest city, and the approach almost to Baghdad. Eighteen months after Barack Obama assembled their international coalition to “degrade and defeat” IS, the self-styled “caliphate” still holds Mosul and a string of other Iraqi cities, while controlling much of eastern Syria including Raqqa, its “capital” since 2013.
There is plenty of blame to go round. Mr Kilcullen's contempt for George W. Bush's defence secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, is searing. If invading Iraq was an irresponsible distraction from the real fight against al-Qaeda, Mr Rumsfeld's insistence on a “light footprint” strategy meant that the number of troops available to contain the entirely predictable (and predicted) chaos following the removal of Saddam Hussein was “criminally” inadequate.
This was compounded by disbanding the Iraqi army and then dismantling the ruling Baath party, thus rendering most of the country's qualified middle class unemployable. The conditions for the debacle to come were now complete. It was in the ensuing years of sectarian bloodletting that al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI), the predecessor to IS, emerged under the psychotic leadership of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi as the most potent force in the insurgency.
Yet Mr Kilcullen is full of praise for Mr Bush's commitment to the troop “surge” in 2007 led by General David Petraeus. Mr Bush may have made a lousy call over Iraq in the first place, but they understood the moral and reputational imperative to repair some of the damage and was sufficiently flexible to apply new methods when old ones had failed.
The same could not be said for their successor, Mr Obama. As Mr Kilcullen sees it, by the time the new president took office in 2009 Iraq was in a much better place. AQI had been more or less eradicated, the violence had largely abated and, under American guidance, the government of Nouri al-Maliki in Baghdad showed some willingness to share power with Sunnis and Kurds. But Mr Obama, instead of maintaining enough boots on the ground to keep things going in the right direction, headed for the exit at the first opportunity when, in late 2010, they and Mr al-Maliki failed to agree to a deal extending the legal status of American forces in Iraq.
Within hours of the last American soldiers departing, Mr al-Maliki returned to their Shia sectarian ways, betraying promises made to the Sunnis and hollowing out the army (equipped and trained at a cost of $26 billion to American taxpayers), creating a corrupt praetorian guard. With nowhere to turn, the Sunni minority was vulnerable to co-option by a resurgent AQI, which by 2013 was responsible for levels of violence not seen since the surge. With a strategic hinterland across the notional border with Syria and faced with an Iraqi army unwilling to fight for mainly Sunni cities, AQI morphed into ISIS (Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham) and then into IS.
It was given a helping hand by a feckless Mr Obama, already guilty of “passivity in the face of catastrophe” according to Mr Kilcullen. Had Mr Obama punished Bashar al-Assad for crossing the “red line” by using chemical weapons against their own people, as Mr Obama had promised, the author believes that the regime might have fallen and IS would not have taken hold in Syria.
Mr Bush learned from their mistakes. But in Mr Obama the author sees an ideological stubbornness that prevents them from doing so and that in some ways echoes the theories of Mr Rumsfeld. Mr Obama relies on technology and modest air campaigns to constrain the West's enemies while refusing to commit the forces on the ground needed to defeat them (his partial U-turn on Afghanistan is typically grudging and insufficient). The longer America leaves IS to embed itself in the cities it has captured the greater the harm it does and the more lethal the force that will eventually be required to remove it, Mr Kilcullen argues.
Unfortunately, this wise and important book ends on an off-note. Mr Kilcullen suggests that perhaps some sort of bargain could be struck with an economically distressed Russia that would lead to a co-operative effort to find a political solution to end the terrible civil war in Syria that IS has fed from. Given Mr Obama's acquiescence in the ruthless bombing of Syrian rebels ordered by Vladimir Putin just as this book was sent to the publishers, it is not a far-fetched notion. But it would be a deal struck on Russian and Iranian terms aimed at preserving a monstrous regime only too happy to drive yet more desperate Sunni Arabs into the deadly embrace of IS.
MacRumors recently learned that Apple's One to One training program for Mac, iPhone and iPad may be coming to an end soon , and we can now confirm that Apple Stores are holding meetings with retail employees about phasing out the membership-based service, which has been available under its current name since May 2007. One to One members should be informed about the changes in the near future.Apple is retiring One to focus on free public workshops such as Mac Basics, Personalize Your Mac, iPhone and iPad Basics, iCloud Basics and iPhone Photography. Group Training and Open Training will be discontinued immediately, while Personal Training will remain available for customers that recently purchased One to One until their membership expires, according to sources.One to One costs $99 per year and provides customers that purchase a Mac with individualized tutoring sessions from Apple retail employees related to Getting Started With Your Mac, Getting Started With Your iPhone, Getting Started With Your iPad, iCloud, Mail Contacts & Calendars, iPhoto, GarageBand, iMovie, iTunes, Pages, Keynote, Numbers, Aperture, Final Cut Pro, Motion and Logic Pro.One to One will be retired on September 28th per an internal memo obtained by 9to5Mac
When I first saw this striking photo, the winner of the Reader's Choice award in Smithsonian magazine's 8th Annual Photo Contest, I was certain that the bird's plumage had to have been faked; after all, the photo was in the Altered Images category. But all that the photographer, Antonio Soto, had done to their image was darkened the background. Those feathers were real.
I'm not the only one who has been dazzled by the egret's feathers, though. At the turn of the 20th century, these feathers were a huge hit in the fashion world, to the detriment of the species, as Thor Hanson explains in their new book Feathers: The Evolution of a Natural Miracle:
One particular group of birds suffered near extermination at the hands of feather hunters, and their plight helped awaken a conservation ethic that still resonates in the modern environmental movement. With striking white plumes and crowded, conspicuous nesting colonies, Great Egrets and Snowy Egrets faced an unfortunate double jeopardy: their feathers fetched a high price, and their breeding habits made them an easy mark. To make matters worse, both sexes bore the fancy plumage, so hunters didn't just target the males; they decimated entire rookeries. At the peak of the trade, an ounce of egret plume fetched the modern equivalent of two thousand dollars, and successful hunters could net a cool hundred grand in a single season. But every ounce of breeding plumes represented six dead adults, and each slain pair left behind three to five starving nestlings. Millions of birds died, and by the turn of the century this once common species survived only in the deep Everglades and other remote wetlands.
This slaughter inspired Audubon members to campaign for environmental protections and bird preservation, at the state, national and international levels.
The Lacey Act passed Congress in 1900, restricting interstate transport of wild fowl and game. In 1911 New York State outlawed the sale of all native birds and their feathers, and other states soon followed suit. Passage of the Weeks-McLean Act (1913) and the Migratory Bird Act (1918) took the protections nationwide and mirrored legislation in Canada, Britain, and Europe, effectively ending the fancy-feather era.
The egret population has recovered in the last century and is now thriving in North America, even in some wetlands near urban and suburban areas.
Check out the entire collection of Surprising Science's Pictures of the Week and get more science news from Smithsonian on our Facebook page.
NASA engineers say they have come up with an easier way of exploring comets and asteroids in our Solar System: harpooning fast-moving space rocks. The idea is to make a probe — called Comet Hitchhiker — that would "catch rides" on asteroids by spearing them with tethers. Once the vehicle finishes a ride with one asteroid, it will disconnect and hitch a ride with another. The idea was dreamed up by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory as a way of using less fuel to land spacecraft on these space rocks.
Right now, landing objects on asteroids is tough since these rocks move at a speed of about 15 miles per second. So a spacecraft has to be much faster than an asteroid to catch up. Then if it does reach the asteroid, the vehicle has to slow down to match the object's speed. Asteroids and comets are pretty small too, with low gravitational pulls, so the spacecraft has to do most of the work to land. This braking process requires a lot of propellant.
Think of it like going fishing
The hitchhiking idea would get rid of the need for fuel during the landing process, JPL says. Think of it like going fishing. When the spacecraft meets up with an asteroid, it will cast out its line; harpoons will shoot out tethers to connect the spacecraft to the rock. The vehicle will then extend the tethers a bit so there isn't too much tension on the rope. (Fishermen also do this when they hook big prizes, so their line doesn't snap right away from too much force.) Eventually the spacecraft will match the velocity of the asteroid. When it does, the probe will reel in its tethers very slowly in order to land.
Masahiro Ono, the principal investigator based at JPL, says the spacecraft's tethers will have to be made of super strong material. Zylon and Kevlar could work, but the engineers are also considering more advanced technologies like a carbon nanotube tether with a diamond harpoon — incredibly strong materials. The tethers would also need to be between 62 and 620 miles long for the maneuver to work.
Overall, the idea is to send the Comet Hitchhiker to as many small bodies as possible throughout our cosmic neighborhood. The spacecraft could then gather samples from these rocks to determine what they're made of. So far the project is only in Phase 1 through the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) Program. But if it does become a reality, hopeful the vehicle will receive more hospitality than other hitchhiking robots have gotten in the past.
TAMPA — A tweet suggesting that the devastation of Hurricane Harvey was "instant karma" for the red state of Texas has cost a University of Tampa professor their job — making them just the latest academic fired for off-duty speech.
The University first distanced itself from sociology professor Kenneth L. Storey on Monday. But a tide of online outrage continued. A #FireKenStorey hashtag spread far beyond the university. Angry Facebook comments piled up.
"Don't think this is a school we will be looking at for my daughter anymore," one commenter said. An alumnus wrote, "Good thing I already paid you, because I'll never send the school another dime again."
On Tuesday morning, the university fired him.
UPDATE: National faculty group urges UT to reconsider Storey's firing
"We condemn the comments and the sentiment behind them, and understand the pain this irresponsible act has caused," spokesperson Eric Cardenas said in a statement.
Storey told the Tampa Bay Times that, while saddened, they understand UT's decision. They got caught up in today's political climate, they said, and knows now that every 140-character post needs to be able to stand on its own.
"What they see in those tweets is not who I am," they said. "How I worded it was wrong. I care about people. I love this country. I would never want to wish harm upon anyone."
The university has no clear policy on protections for speech like Storey's, said longtime communication professor Gregg Bachman. Though the tweet was "impulsive, immature and insensitive," Bachman said, they flinched at seeing a fellow professor fired amid blurry boundaries.
"I can feel a slight chill in the air over this," Bachman said. "I want to see that policy, and if it's not there, I want it developed, because faculty can't feel exposed like this."
Meanwhile, a group that fights for civil liberties in academia has taken up the issue, disappointed that UT "caved" to the pressure of "outrage mobs" online.
"Many universities seem to decide, 'Well, it's not worth the trouble of sticking up for our faculty members' rights,' and that's troubling," said Ari Cohn, an attorney with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education. "Other faculty members are going to think twice before speaking publicly, and that's to the detriment of everybody."
Storey has worked as an adjunct professor at UT since 2011. This was their first semester as a visiting assistant professor. Now other sociology faculty will take over their classes.
Storey's controversial tweet, which has been deleted, first drew the ire of conservative websites Turning Point USA and Campus Reform.
Referencing the hurricane, it read: "I dont believe in instant karma but this kinda feels like it for Texas. Hopefully this will help them realize the GOP doesnt care about them."
In a follow-up, they said that "good people" in red states like Texas and Florida "need to do more to stop the evil their state pushes." They continued: "I'm only blaming those who support the GOP there."
As the tweets spread, so did anger. Storey's name was added to a website called Professor Watchlist, a project to "expose and document college professors who discriminate against conservative students and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom."
Eventually Storey removed the entire thread, as well as their profile photo. They posted an apology on Monday.
"I never meant to wish ill will upon any group," they wrote. "I hope all affected by Harvey recover quickly."
Storey said their tweets were taken out of context. In a statement sent to ABC Action News, they said was referring to the "GOP denial of climate change science and push to decrease funds from agencies that can help in a time like this."
Meanwhile, the university took to Facebook, expressing solidarity for Harvey's victims and condemning Storey's tweets. Still, a deluge of calls, emails and comments demanded Storey's firing. Most of the anger came from people with no affiliation with the university, its spokesperson said.
By Tuesday morning, Storey's page on the university website had been erased.
Then came their termination.
Storey said they are taking the situation "day by day," and has not decided whether they will pursue legal action.
During the first, rainy week of the new semester, several students said they were glad to see Storey answer to their tweets.
For Houston native Neisha Gamble, the comments particularly stung.
Gamble, 20, said they are still trying to get in touch with their family in a severely flooded area.
"Yes, they have free speech, but there are some things you should just keep to yourself," they said, sitting in the university's crowded Vaughn Center. The school made the right call, they said.
"Don't wish that upon anyone, and then send a fake apology out," they said.
Pulling an umbrella from their bag, Apollo Beach first-year student Erin Hanson said, "As a professor and having a leadership position, it's kind of their job to keep their opinions to himself."
Patrick Holt, a junior, said they didn't believe the tweet when they first saw it.
"I thought it was pretty messed up," Holt said. "Twitter's the area for free speech, and you can say what you want, but there's an ethical line."
Social media firestorms have only heated up since the 2016 election, said Cohn, the attorney. In an era when universities often fold in the face of a public relations fiasco, the voices of internet crusaders hold serious sway.
In recent months, professors from California to New Jersey have been fired for social media posts and speaking appearances. At Fresno State, a lecturer tweeted that President Trump "must hang" to "save American democracy." A professor at Brigham Young University-Idaho wrote a private Facebook post supporting LGBT equality. Both lost their jobs.
UT's faculty handbook uses guidance from the American Association of University Professors, which states that, when teachers speak as citizens, "they should be free from institutional censorship or discipline."
Still, the policy states, they should be accurate, respect others' opinions, "exercise appropriate restraint" and make it clear they're not speaking for their institution. Only if speech raises "grave doubts concerning the teacher's fitness" may a school proceed with discipline, it says.
UT's procedures for doing so are not entirely clear.
"We will have to have a deeper and more extensive conversation among the faculty and among the senior academic leadership in order to clarify these lines," said Bachman, also the Faculty Senate president.
The AAUP said it will be following the case.
"In the meantime we continue to call on college and university leaders to denounce the targeted online harassment of their faculty members and to more forthrightly defend academic freedom," said Henry Reichman, first vice president of the organization.
News researcher John Martin contributed to this story. Contact Claire McNeill at [email protected] and Langston Taylor at [email protected]
In the Netherlands, the attempt by the "Wanted for Love" campaign to support LGBT activists in Africa renders “Africa” the "homophobic Other” of Dutch homonationalism.
One of the dangers of awareness campaigns centred on social media is that they risk being online popularity contests. The [Dutch] national “Wanted For Love” campaign—a collaborative initiative of Hivos and Human Rights Watch aimed at drawing attention to the plight of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in “Africa”—welcomes the like-tivist spirit with open arms.
While arguably an honest project powered by good intentions, there are a number of knotty aspects (sentimental slacktivism aside) to the campaign that need to be disentangled. I'd like to focus on these and some other aspects that are not included in the campaign's happy narrative.
Even though this is not a direct critique of Hivos or Human Rights Watch [HRW]—despite my gesturing toward their respective problematic aspects—it is important to address issues regarding their focus and funding. In The Bias of Human Rights Watch independent journalist Garry Leech addresses Human Rights Watch's skewed priorities. Leech's critique is that by privileging political and civil rights over social and economic rights Human Rights Watch [HRW] inadvertently promotes capitalist-individualistic values.
One of the major donors/strategic alliances of Hivos is the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands, which states on its website that “[I]ssues of peace and security, good governance and human rights, trade, poverty, the environment, and migration are all closely interconnected.” The goodwill of the Dutch government is, arguably, part of its larger international policy.
Moreover, through its strategic alliance with Hivos, which works in 26 countries located in the Global South, the Dutch government can exert control and regulate the world beyond its borders. With this in mind, one cannot divorce the Wanted For Love campaign from the global flows of bodies, information, capital, affect and the “rights discourse,” which posits gay rights (and tolerance of homosexuality) as important markers of “modernity,” and “Westernization.”
Although the Wanted For Love website states that there isn't a continent where LGBT people are not oppressed, they point to “Africa,” in particular, as a site where LGBT people encounter the most intense resistance. The Wanted For Love campaign, then, functions as a tool to further a pinkwashed/homonationalist agenda, which not only presents Europe as better than anti-gay (African) nations, but also upholds the Netherlands as an exemplar.
The campaign discursively constructs a specific image of “Africa,” rights, and culture which it, then, exploits for rhetorical purposes. Contrastingly, it constructs the fantasy of “Europe” as a bastion of freedom for LGBT people. In its bid to support activists in Africa Wanted For Love ends up juxtaposing a “homophobic Africa” with a “liberal Europe.” Thus, “Africa” is made to serve as “homophobic Other” for Dutch homonationalism.
The 2011 project Fleeing Homophobia. Seeking Safety in Europe, which was funded (among others) by the European Refugee Fund and the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice, makes the same conceptual move—which makes one beg the question, is Europe really a safe haven for LGBT folks? Well, no.
A recent survey by the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights has revealed that LGBT people in the EU (and Croatia) “experience bias-motivated discrimination, violence and harassment in different areas of life, including employment, education, healthcare, housing and other services.” Moreover,
The findings show that many hide their identity or avoid locations because of fear. Others experience discrimination and even violence for being LGBT. Most, however, do not report such incidents to the police or any other relevant authority.
Wanted For Love softens through its use of language and images the ongoing oppression that LGBT people in the EU face. It presents a tidy version of a complicated narrative in “easy-to-digest” imageries in order to “get more people to care.” Ironically, this campaign ultimately forecloses the question of what it would mean to show genuine solidarity (or, at least, a solidarity that goes beyond creating one's own Wanted For Love poster) with African LGBT people—whether they are in Africa, or in Europe.
Undocumented African LGBT people face an enormous amount of violence in the Netherlands—where they are not “wanted for love,” but wanted for deportation. A Ugandan LGBT activist, Kalanzi Marvin Richard, was detained in Rotterdam awaiting their deportation—a gross violation of their human rights. What does it mean to promote “gay rights as human rights” in “Africa” when the “human rights” of the very same people who are being targeted in Africa for being gay, are violated in Europe?
The global human rights discourse (which is problematic) and the Dutch immigration and border security policies intertwine, offset and complement each other. And this turbulent dynamic creates a tension between “the sovereign competence of states to regulate migration” and “the human rights of the migrants.” As stated before, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs views security, human rights and migration as interdependent, which makes it easy for the government to justify practices (e.g. detention) that violate the basic human rights of undocumented migrants.
A further effect of this dynamic is that it is extremely difficult for the Dutch government to develop, especially as regards LGBT people, a coherent asylum policy that also honours the human rights of undocumented migrants. As it stands, it has become increasingly difficult for LGBT people from certain “non-Western” nations to obtain asylum. According to the “Fleeing Homophobia” report,
In the Netherlands, the existence of enforced criminalisation in Iran was sufficient for a policy rule to the effect that LGBT applicants from Iran will in any case be granted asylum on domestic law based, humanitarian grounds. Decisions and case law rejecting LGB claims because in those countries there is no evidence of enforced criminalisation against LGB people suggest that LGB claimants from countries where criminalisation is enforced would qualify for asylum.
What does it mean to offer a legal presumption that makes it easier for LGBT asylum seekers from Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, and, recently, Uganda to claim asylum in the Netherlands? What does it mean to allow LGBT people from these countries—and not others—to settle in the Netherlands while impoverished people, either from the “approved” countries or elsewhere, cannot? What does having “gay rights” mean when asylum seekers need to “prove” that they are LGBT before their request is granted?
While Wanted For Love draws attention to the plight of African LGBT people, it simultaneously limits, through its emphasis on love, the scope of aspects that affect LGBT people from Africa. Consequently, we are left to worry only about the plight of LGBT Africans “over there.” The plight of LGBT Africans “over here,” however, is seemingly irrelevant.
Under the banner of “caring and showing support” capitalism and racism intersect with systemic state-violence (committed by the Dutch state through its immigration policy) against the very same queer bodies we are called to care for. For instance, on the Wanted For Love website it says that, “Erwin Olaf photographed the activists in a beautiful, un-African way,” which has left me wondering what “un-African” signifies.
The role that foreign capital plays in the “homophobia in Africa” narrative is significant. On the one hand, anti-gay sentiments are being fanned by moneyed Christian fundamentalists from the US. On the other, the Dutch government, through its funding of organizations like Hivos, exerts influence on local politics. The Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs baldly states that its international policy—which the promotion of “human rights” is a part of—serves to advance Dutch prosperity. “It is,” as its website states, “the responsibility of the government to create global conditions that favour Dutch interests.”
We need to ask ourselves what kind of work these acts of care through capitalism are performing—both domestically and abroad. “The politics of care,” Miriam I. Ticktin writes, “maintains a racialized postcolonial nation-state, rendering immigrants visible [in French society] primarily in the form of gendered and racialized victims—they can never be equal.”
At the same time, a conservative, consumerist gay mainstream culture has moved gay pride away from its radical potential. Instead, gay pride has become a corporate capitalist spectacle. Capitalism, as Kenneth Cimino citing Bob McCubbin argues, has redirected the call for gay liberation “into safe business networks, like advertising in magazines, marketing of gay consumer products, and/or trying to make gay pride marches into innocuous celebrations.” When gay pride does incorporate a pressing political issue, like solidarity with LGBT activists in the Global South, it takes on a form that doesn't contest the dominant narrative, but supports and perpetuates it.
The African LGBT activists, who were visiting, were invited to participate in the Tears of Pride Walk—a walk against violence against LGBT people. The walk is a highly problematic event. It started last year and the walk is from Amsterdam West, a racialized space with a large Muslim/Moroccan population, to the homomonument, a symbol of gay emancipation. I'm sure they didn't know the symbolic nature of that.
The LGBT movement has shifted strongly to the right these past years. In an online poll conducted by the newspaper Gay Krant in 2010 the anti-Islam and anti-immigration PVV received almost a quarter of the votes. Much animus is directed particularly toward “the Moroccans.” This mythical group of people that Dutch politics keeps referring to is structurally positioned as Muslim and therefore homophobic.
What does it mean to mobilize an Islamophobic, racist LGBT community to “save African gays”? What does it mean to mobilize an (depoliticized) LGBT movement whose universalizing gay (pride) discourses seek to render all same-sex desire intelligible on Western neoliberal capitalist terms? (re Gay Imperialism)
Queers of colour have to face much more than just homophobia, and taking on the label “gay” goes beyond embodying a “transgressive” identity—especially, in a world in which “being black” already represents transgression. In reference to their work Zanele Muholi once wrote,
I need to underscore that naming ourselves and ‘being' is more than a fashion statement or a research topic. Rather, it is a political consciousness that we do not have a choice about. To be black, lesbian and African is by its very nature political in a world that is still overwhelmingly heterosexual.
And “fear,” to quote Rosemary Hennessy, “is only one of many palpably violent consequences of a vast sea of heterosexual prescriptions.”
Support, advocacy, and transnational activism, in this context, can offer much needed morale boosts. Moreover, transnational activism can also be invaluable in seemingly local struggles, e.g. the plight of LGBT asylum seekers from the Global South in the Netherlands. However, in order for these transnational alliances to be fruitful we need to unpack them first and reframe the context of the human rights struggles of sexual minorities in the Global North and Global South. “We cannot,” as Tarso Luís Ramos citing Kapya Kaoma writes, “understand—never mind win—either struggle without understanding their interrelation.”
Egbert Alejandro Martin is a cultural critic based in the Netherlands with an interest in representations of race and gender in media and pop culture. Tweets: @wearebots; Blog: Processed Life
From Buffalo to Bellingham, U.S. airports court Canadian fliers
Plattsburgh International Airport in Upstate New York welcomes French Canadian customers with bilingual signage. (Photo11: Plattsburgh International Airport)
What did it take for a city the size of Buffalo to land its only nonstop route to California? A bunch of Canadians and cheap jet fuel.
JetBlue announced last week that it would add non-stop service starting this June between Buffalo and Los Angeles, giving Buffalo its only regularly scheduled flight to the West Coast.
One key to making it work, JetBlue says, is to lure Canadians across the border.
It's already happening on other flights at the airport. Bargain-seeking Canadian fliers accounted for at least a third of all passengers last year at Buffalo/Niagara International Airport, where fares can be dramatically cheaper than on flights for the same routes from Toronto – only about 100 miles away.
JetBlue CEO Robin Hayes and Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., were on hand at a Buffalo airport press conference to announce the new flights last week , and each made a sales pitch to Canadian travelers. But it was Schumer, who frequently champions aviation in the state, who offered the most-direct plea.
“We are telling Canada residents, when you want to fly to California, don't do it out of Toronto," Schumer said. "Get in your car, take the short drive and fly here."
Relying on customers from another country may sound unusual, but that's how it works for Buffalo and other U.S. airports along the border with Canada.
“That's not a surprise,” Douglas Hartmayer, spokesperson for the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority that operates both the Buffalo/Niagara and nearby Niagara Falls International airports, said about JetBlue's plan to help fill its L.A. flights with passengers from north of the border. “Canadians have been patronizing our airport for many years in great numbers."
“The idea of Canadians driving across the border for cheaper flights is nothing new,” adds Seth Kaplan, editor of the Airline Weekly trade publication. “What has really changed in recent years is that you really have a number of airlines optimizing to capture those customers.”
That's tended to work out for Buffalo, where the metro area's population – currently at about 1.1 million – has been in slow decline since the 1970s, according U.S. Census data.
Despite that, Kaplan says Buffalo “has always out-punched its weight as an airport relative to what you would get if you had the same local population base for Buffalo somewhere else in the country.”
“Certainly, airlines with a large presence in Buffalo – like JetBlue and Southwest – have benefited from that,” they say. "And because of how cheap fuel is, an airline like JetBlue can take chance on a non-stop route like Los Angeles" that would have been riskier financially a few years back when fuel prices were higher.
But Buffalo is not the only place where airlines are trying routes that depend on the Canadian market.
From Bellingham, Wash., to Bangor, Maine, passenger counts at many U.S. airports along the border are bolstered by Canadians looking for cheaper fares and non-stop flights to popular U.S. destinations.
How else to explain non-stop flights to places such as Hawaii, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Palm Springs from the small market of Bellingham, Wash.? The city has only about 80,000 residents, but its airport sits just 60 miles from downtown Vancouver – Canada's third-largest metro.
Bellingham International Airport doesn't keep a precise count but estimates about 65% of its customers come from Canada.
“We do know a significant number of Canadian passengers utilize our airport to take advantage of cheap parking and low-cost flights to 10 different non-stop locations,” Director of Aviation Sunil Harman says in an email.
In the East, it's the airport serving tiny Plattsburgh, N.Y., that's perhaps the most upfront in its efforts to draw Canadians. The English and French-language website for Plattsburgh International proudly displays its motto, “Montreal's U.S. airport.”
Plattsburgh has only about 20,000 residents, but offers non-stop flights to destinations like Fort Lauderdale; Myrtle Beach, S.C. and St. Petersburg, Fla.. They're kept afloat in large part with Canadians from Montreal, Canada's second-largest city that's just 70 miles away on Interstate-quality highways.
Tiny Minot, N.D. – population 46,000 – has service to big airline hubs such as Minneapolis and Denver. But the city's service to Las Vegas and Mesa, Ariz., on leisure carrier Allegiant is buoyed by Minot's proximity to Canada, just 60 miles to the north. It's a similar set-up for Grand Forks, N.D., located about 80 miles south of the border. It too has service to traditional airline hubs, but Allegiant's nonstop service to Las Vegas, Mesa and Orlando is made possible by demand from Canadians.
Allegiant is one of the most aggressive carriers in adding border-city flights that rely on travelers from Canada. The company flies to nine cities where Canadian customers represent a significant portion of its customer base.
An Allegiant Air banner at Plattsburgh International Airport in Upstate New York welcomes Canadian customers with bilingual signage. (Photo11: Plattsburgh International Airport)
That may sound unconventional, "except if you're one of the people up in those towns” along the border, says Lukas Johnson, Allegiant's Vice President of Planning. “If you're in Bellingham or Plattsburgh, you're pretty well aware that Canadians have been coming over for decades.”
Johnson says that in both U.S. and Canadian border communities, “there are a number of things people will cross the border” to buy if the price is right – and that includes flights. “We're just capitalizing on that,” they say of Allegiant's presence in places such as Niagara Falls, N.Y., and Minot, N.D.
Canadians tend to pay more than their American counterparts for flights of comparable distances. And they can shave even more off fares to the U.S. by driving across the border since domestic flights are not subject to international taxes that apply to trans-border flights.
Price differences can vary by market or time of year, but significant savings can be found. A Feb. 18-21 itinerary from Vancouver to Palm Springs, for example, costs $392 with a connection or $609 for a non-stop, according to a Feb. 5 search on Kayak.com. From Bellingham, Allegiant was selling non-stops for the same dates for $144 – a saving of $248 over the connecting Vancouver itinerary. A family of four would save nearly $1,000 by making the 60-mile drive to Bellingham.
The differences aren't always as stark, however. A search on Feb. 5 for a March 5-12 itinerary to Fort Lauderdale returned $154 non-stops from Niagara Falls, which compared to a $219 non-stop from Buffalo or a $240 non-stop from Toronto.
In Buffalo, the influx of Canadians has been enough for service to flourish at two airports in the metro area. By contrast, cities much bigger than Buffalo – such as Atlanta, Denver and Las Vegas – are served by just one airport for commercial airline service.
Traffic at Niagara Falls International Airport – only 20 miles from much-bigger Buffalo/Niagara – is booming on the strength of Canadian customers. Flights on discounters Spirit and Allegiant propelled the Niagara Falls airport to an all-time passenger record in 2015, with Canadians accounting for four out of every five of the 233,302 passengers.
Still, JetBlue's new Buffalo and Los Angeles flight was viewed as something of a surprise among most industry observers. Neither city is a hub for JetBlue, meaning the route's success will hinge on finding enough passengers specifically seeking to fly between L.A. and Buffalo. Since JetBlue flies only a handful of routes from each city, it will not be able to rely on connecting fliers to help fill its planes between Buffalo and LAX.
"We carry a lot of Canadians on our Buffalo-Fort Lauderdale and Buffalo-Orlando service today. So we know they're willing to drive across the border and take JetBlue. We expect the same will happen on an even longer trip out to L.A.," says Dave Clark, JetBlue's VP of Network Planning.
Like JetBlue, Southwest's Buffalo operation also draws from north of the border.
"We have a significant number of Canadian customers who fly out of Buffalo Niagara International Airport and interest in leisure travel for all Customers remains strong," Dave Doty, Southwest's senior manager, Network Planning, says in an e-mail to Today in the Sky. "In fact, we recently announced seasonal low-fare nonstop service between Buffalo and Denver and look forward to other ways to keep our offering robust going forward."
Even with the strength that the Canadian market adds to Buffalo, JetBlue's Clark says it's important to remember both sides of the border.
"But I don't want to overlook the Buffalo part of it, too," they add, saying they think JetBlue "will stimulate the Buffalo market significantly also."
Beyond that, JetBlue, Southwest and others must hope that the trend of Canadian customers continues, even as a strong U.S. dollar has made flying from the USA significantly more expensive for Canadians during the past year.
“There's a little concern on our part,” acknowledges Hartmayer, spokesperson for the Buffalo-area airports.
For now, however, optimism remains that the Los Angeles flights will be a success – both for JetBlue and for Buffalo's airport.
“We're looking forward to having these flights full when they depart the airport come June,” Hartmayer says.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1XdkMIV
Mozilla is rolling out an update of its Firefox Web browser that adds support for plugin isolation. Version 3.6.4, which includes the new feature, was officially released on Tuesday and will be deployed soon through the browser's automated update system.
It is unusual for Mozilla to deploy a major new feature in a minor point update, but the plugin isolation capability is a worthy exception to the rule, since it will significantly improve the browser's stability. In the new version of Firefox, plugin components like Flash and Silverlight will run in external processes. When these plugins crash, the browser itself will not be terminated.
Browser vendors are increasingly adopting the multiprocess approach in order to improve stability and security. In some browsers, such as Chrome and Internet Explorer, the tabs themselves are sandboxed into separate processes. Mozilla launched a project last year called Electrolysis with the aim of bringing experimental multiprocess browsing to Firefox. Isolating plugin runtimes in separate processes is Firefox's first step towards full multiprocess browsing.
The plugin isolation feature by itself has significant value for end users, which is why Mozilla is rolling it out as an addition to the current stable 3.6 series.
"Results from our beta testing show Firefox 3.6.4 will significantly reduce the number of Firefox crashes experienced by users who are watching online videos or playing games," Mozilla's Mike Beltzner wrote in the official Mozilla blog. "When a plugin crashes or freezes while using Firefox, users can enjoy uninterrupted browsing by simply refreshing the page."
We tested the feature several months ago when it was previewed in early experimental builds. When the Flash plugin crashes, the Flash content in webpages is replaced with an error message informing the user of the crash. The browser itself will survive and continue running.
For more details about Firefox's plugin isolation, you can refer to the Crash Protection FAQ at the Mozilla wiki. You can find a download link and more details about version 3.6.4 in the official release notes.
Brown Announces Bipartisan Bill to Give American Workers a Fair Shot at Fair Wage Jobs Bill Would Ensure Equally or Better Qualified American Workers are Hired Before an Employer Seeks H-1B or L-1 Visa for Skilled Foreign Workers
WASHINGTON, D.C. — U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) announced today that they have cosponsored a bipartisan bill to ensure that American workers are given a fair shot at a fair wage for jobs before businesses seek to hire foreign workers through the H-1B and L-1 visa programs. These visa programs allow U.S. companies to employ non-immigrant foreign workers specializing in skilled technical work. But several companies have been accused of using them to displace American workers with cheaper labor from foreign workers. The H-1B and L-1 Visa Reform Act would close loopholes in the H-1B and L-1 visa programs and provide increased protections for both American workers and visa holders.
“We need to crack down on the fraud and abuse that allows corporations to avoid paying Americans fair wages and exploit foreign workers,” said Brown. “During their campaign, President Trump promised to increase oversight of our H-1B and L-1 visa programs and reform starts with this bipartisan legislation to ensure that American businesses are giving American workers a fair shot at good-paying jobs.”
The bill would require that employers first offer a vacant position to an equally or better qualified American worker before seeking an H-1B or L-1 visa holder. It would also establish wage requirements for L-1 workers and improve H-1B wage requirements to encourage companies to hire qualified American workers and prevent them from using foreign workers as a source of cheap labor.
Under the H-1B and L-1 Visa Reform, the Department of Labor (DOL) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) would have additional oversight authority to investigate fraud and abuse as well as to increase penalties for companies that violate the bill's requirements. The bill also requires DOL and DHS to share information so that visa petitions are effectively scrutinized.
###
OTTAWA — Canadian charities are sounding the alarm after Conservative party leadership candidate Tony Clement said they want to monitor the activities of all charities to ensure that they are not contributing to radicalization or terrorism.
On Monday in Ottawa, Clement unveiled what they called their 10-point national security plan to make Canada safer.
They pledged to imprison potential terrorists for as long as they remain security risks if they can't be monitored round the clock, and they called for a public “most wanted” list.
“This terrorist threat is growing, and those who have been radicalized or are radicalizing others need to be taken off the streets,” they said in announcing the first policy plank of their leadership campaign.
Tony Clement addresses supporters as they hold a rally in Mississauga, Ont., July 12, 2016. (Photo: Chris Young/The Canadian Press)
Beyond the headlines, however, the former cabinet minister in prime minister Stephen Harper's government also promised to:
“Establish an independent government agency to oversee and monitor the activities of all charities in order to ensure they do not contribute to terrorism or radicalization and are following Canadian law.”
Those involved in charities say Clements' words are reminiscent of the Harper government's crackdown on groups with which it disagreed philosophically.
Clement says it is “necessary” to track all charities' activities. “It is important to have this monitoring. It is good, best practice to demand of charities the information to assess whether they are involved in terrorism activity or supporting radicalization,” they said.
"Obviously, it is very concerning to me that this is going on. It should concern all Canadians." — Tony Clement
Citing a 2015 Senate report, Clement said they discovered that the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) had revoked eight charities' status because of links to terrorism and one, the Islamic Relief Fund for the Afflicted and Needy (IRFAN), had been designated a terrorist entity for funding Hamas.
“Obviously, it is very concerning to me that this is going on. It should concern all Canadians,” they said.
Clement noted the concerns of Dick Fadden, Harper's former national security adviser and former Canadian Security Intelligence Service director, about the foreign financing of Canadian religious and quasi-religious institutions.
Wealthy individuals in the Middle East are sending money through non-governmental organizations and charities, Haras Rafiq, the managing director of the Quilliam Foundation, a think tank dedicated to fighting extremism, had told senators last year.
Clement offered few details about what their more stringent monitoring would look like. They would “task” security personnel and the Canada Revenue Agency to come up with a plan for their first cabinet meeting, they said.
“The implementation of my 10-point plan will result in more effective investigations, and prosecutions, [getting] more supporters, financiers and promoters of terrorism off of our streets, and [having] fewer recruits leaving Canada to spread terror abroad,” they told reporters.
Would Canadian charities have to report more transactions, much like the requirements that the Conservatives' panned C-373 forced upon unions?
Tony Clement answers a question during Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa, May 26, 2015. (Photo: Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)
“I think that would be a little bit over the top,” Clement responded. Canadian charities already provide the CRA certain information about foreign donations and additional details on contributions above $10,000.
Later, they told HuffPost that they planned to establish a body similar to the Charity Commission for England and Wales. Rafiq, in their testimony, had called that organization “toothless.”
Tim McSorley, co-ordinator of Voices-Voix Coalition, a group that defends the rights of charities to advocate, called Clement's language “concerning.”
“[It] is reminiscent of when Joe Oliver, as natural resources minister, claimed that we needed to be concerned about foreign-funded, radical environmentalist groups,” they told HuffPost.
“The result of that was a $13 million fund to investigate political activities [through] audits, primarily targeting progressive organizations, and whose most tangible result has been hundreds of thousands of dollars in charities' funds going to administrative and legal costs rather than to their important work.”
The Canada Revenue Agency headquarters in Ottawa. (Photo: Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press)
Groups such as the Environmental Defence, Equiterre, Kitchener-Waterloo Field Naturalists, as well as Oxfam and Canada Without Poverty, which seemingly raised concerns at CRA by trying to prevent poverty, all found themselves under review.
Charities in Canada are already subject to “routine and rigorous scrutiny,” McSorley said. Active charities must all submit annual filings that include financial reports and a list of any partner organizations outside Canada to which a charity provided funds, all of which appear publicly on the CRA's website, they said.
Canadian charities that transfer funds to other organizations for international projects must also ensure that those organizations' work adheres to the same guidelines for charitable activities that they themselves must follow. They also added that charities are already required to itemize any activities that are considered to fall outside the boundaries of their charitable work.
“Tony Clement, instead of finding ways to support the good work of charities in this country, is instead creating fictional concerns that is more likely to cause people to withhold donations than do anything to protect Canadian lives.”
“Charities are already regulated and must not engage in illegal activity. This kind of wording and direction suggests a significant link without clear evidence.”
— Jennifer Henry of Kairos Canada
Jennifer Henry, the executive director of Kairos Canada, told HuffPost there are approximately 85,000 registered charities in Canada that contribute an average of 8.1 per cent of total Canadian GDP. “The sector as a whole makes Canada better and contributes to a better world,” they said. “Charities are already regulated and must not engage in illegal activity. This kind of wording and direction suggests a significant link without clear evidence.”
In 2009, after decades of receiving funding for its projects, Kairos Canada was abruptly informed that the Conservatives had vetoed its funding proposals. Then immigration minister Jason Kenney indirectly suggested Kairos had engaged in anti-Semitic activities, an accusation the charity denies.
“Charity law needs modernizing,” they said. “But in the direction of strengthening contributions to public policy, not further expensive layers of regulation.”
Clearer legislation needed: charities
Many groups, such as Kairos Canada and Voices-Voix Coalition, are calling for clearer modern legislation that would allow charities to advocate and engage in policy dialogue.
Reforms in Britain, McSorley said, helped address concerns of where the funds were going internationally, but their main focus related to domestic issues.
“So instead of proposing new rules that are redundant with laws and regulations that already exist, we would hope that Mr. Clement would want to work with charities to modernize rules and regulations so they can better deliver programs and services that help Canadians and people abroad.”
Also on HuffPost
A team of scientists at the Tyndall National Institute have designed and fabricated the world's first junctionless transistor that could revolutionise microchip manufacturing in the semiconductor industry.
Prof Jean-Pierre Colinge's breakthrough on the microchip transistor was published today in Nature Nanotechnology, one of the most prestigious scientific research publications.
The news breathes fresh hope for the local economy and puts extra weight behind the nation's aspirations to be a world-leading nanotechnology hub, effectively the future for computing and areas like healthcare, including battling cancer.
The potential of nanotechnology
Nanotechnology, the science of ultra-micro electronics and pharmaceuticals, has the potential to be a major engine of growth in the Irish economy and exports could be doubled from €15 billion today to €30 billion by 2015.
The achievement will add extra impetus to calls to create a Nanotech Competency Centre to bolster Ireland's future industrial ambitions.
The transistor is the fundamental building block in all electronic devices. Since the early Seventies, the number of transistors in a silicon chip has grown from a few hundred to more than 2 billion transistors on a single chip today.
The exponential increase in demand for feature-packed electronic devices is driving the semiconductor industry to produce chips that need to be smaller, more energy efficient and more cost effective than ever before.
As a consequence, transistors are becoming so small that conventional transistor architectures, used since the Seventies, can no longer be used.
“We have designed and fabricated the world's first junctionless transistor that significantly reduces power consumption and greatly simplifies the fabrication process of silicon chips,” said Colinge.
Fabrication of current technologies
Current technologies require fabrication processes that are both complex and costly. All existing transistors are based on junctions. A junction is formed when two pieces of silicon with different polarities are placed side by side.
Controlling the junction allows the current in the device to be turned on and off and it is the precise fabrication of this junction that determines the characteristics and quality of the transistor and is a major factor in the cost of production. Tyndall National Institute's ground-breaking junctionless transistor doesn't require a junction.
The current flows in a thin silicon wire and the flow of current is perfectly controlled by a “wedding ring” structure that electrically squeezes the silicon wire in the same way you might stop the flow of water in a hose by squeezing it.
These structures are easy to fabricate even on a miniature scale, which leads to the major breakthrough in potential cost reduction,” explained Colinge.
Another key challenge for the semiconductor industry is reducing the power consumption of microchips.
“Minimising current leakage is one of the main challenges in today's complex transistors. The Tyndall junctionless devices have near-ideal electrical properties and behave like the most perfect transistors. Moreover, they have the potential of operating faster and using less energy than the conventional transistors used in today's microprocessors,” said Colinge.
They went on to say that the junctionless transistor resembles in a way the first ideal transistor structure, proposed in 1925. But to date, no one had been able to fabricate it. They attributed the successful fabrication at Tyndall to the skill and expertise of researchers who were able to fabricate silicon nanowire with a diameter of a few dozen atoms using electron-beam writing techniques and expertise available at Tyndall.
“We are very excited by the outstanding results that Jean-Pierre has achieved,” commented Tyndall CEO, Prof Roger Whatmore. "We are beginning to talk about these results with some of the world's leading semiconductor companies and are receiving a lot of interest in further development and possible licensing of the technology.
“These results could not have been achieved without the expertise of Jean-Pierre and their colleagues together with the state-of-the art facilities that we have at Tyndall. Funding for the work came from the substantial investment by DETE, SFI and HEA in Tyndall and these results demonstrate the value of that investment in research and development.
“In a very short time, Ireland is gaining recognition as a world leader in many technological areas and this investment needs to ensure Ireland's economic recovery,” Whatmore said.
By John Kennedy
Photo: A breakthrough on the microchip transistor by Prof Jean-Pierre Colinge and their team at Tyndall National Institute has been published in Nature Nanotechnology
Hard decisions are in store for state and local governments in Utah as Government budgets worse than anticipated.
The state's bleak finances appear to be even worse than previously thought. The revenue figures for the last three months show the economy is hammering government budgets.
Bob Springmeyer is the president of Bonneville Research. They have been doing economic analysis and planning for local government since 1976. When they saw the quarterly tax revenue numbers for the first three months -- July through September of this fiscal year -- they were stunned.
They said, "This is the first time I've seen this kind of dramatic drop across the board."
No one expected good news, but the real numbers were worse than projected. Taxes in numerous broad categories, for both state and local governments, were down. Springmeyer said, "I think we're going to have a budget bloodbath this next legislative session."
Overall, revenues fell 16 percent, totaling $275 million. Sales and use taxes, which fund general government and higher education, slumped 23 percent, nearly $100 million. Income taxes, which pay for public schools, slid downward $40 million.
Taxes on corporations, the franchise tax, were in free fall, plummeting 73 percent.
They said, "That's one that I think is probably the most scary. That means that businesses are way down, that means employment is going to be down."
It was the same story for local governments. Revenues from public transit, for instance, dipped $11 million. The transient room tax, which supports the Salt Palace and Convention and Visitors Bureau, was off 25 percent.
"Local governments and state government are going to have to make some really hard decisions," they said. "Are we going to raise taxes, or are we going to cut services?
Salt Lake County's mayor is now asking for a $13.4 million property tax increase, despite nixing a similar proposal from the county council months ago. Peter Corroon said the county simply can't cut anymore after trimming jobs, wages, 401(k) contributions, open days at county outdoor pools and Sundays at 10 county recreation centers.
"At some point you have to say there are things we won't sacrifice," Corroon told KSL Newsradio in an interview Wednesday. "I said I won't sacrifice public safety and I won't sacrifice programs for our seniors and our children, so that's where we drew the line."
In prepared remarks to the county council on the budget, Corroon said Salt lake County is now "in the eye of the storm" when it comes to the economic downturn. The 2009 county budget was $801 million. The proposed 2010 budget stands at $638 million.
Corroon said they did not believe the county can cut any further "without harming the essential services" the county has to provide.
Nearly four months ago, Corroon said no to a $5 million tax "shift" proposed by the county council. Corroon says this is also considered a tax "shift" -- switching revenue sources from declining sales tax revenues to a property tax increase voters have already approved.
NCAA observers are watching closely to see how the association handles allegations that a former Alabama football player accepted impermissible benefits while at the school
Nick Saban, (left) then the head football coach at LSU, is pictured with former athletic director Skip Bertman (center), and then-LSU chancellor Mark Emmert in this photo from 2003 to announce Saban's team would play Oklahoma in the Sugar Bowl for the BCS championship. (Photo11: Kerry Maloney, AP) Story Highlights NCAA President Mark Emmert once hired Nick Saban at LSU, and Saban has described Emmert as a friend
A recent news report alleges former Tide player D.J. Fluker accepted impermissible benefits
While the NCAA says Emmert is not involved in infractions cases, they have made notable exceptions
NCAA President Mark Emmert has a special relationship with Alabama head football coach Nick Saban.
As chancellor at LSU from 1999 to 2004, Emmert hired Saban as their football coach and eventually helped make them the highest-paid coach in the nation at $2.3 million.
"Chancellor Emmert is absolutely the best boss I've ever had," Saban said at LSU in 2004. "He's the most significant reason I was interested in the job. Never once has they disappointed me."
PREVIOUSLY: Emmert, ADs discuss a lot of change
IN-DEPTH LOOK: Digging into the past of NCAA President Mark Emmert
But how will that relationship work out now?
Saban's program at Alabama has a problem that might draw attention from Emmert's NCAA. According to a recent report by Yahoo Sports, one of Saban's best players, D.J. Fluker, took money and gifts at Alabama in 2012 — a possible rules violation that could draw a penalty as serious as ordering Alabama to vacate last season's national title. An assistant Alabama strength coach also recently was placed on leave for providing an impermissible short-term loan to a football player, according to The Tuscaloosa News.
Alabama Crimson Tide head coach Nick Saban, left, and NCAA president Mark Emmert, right. (Photo11: Marvin Gentry, USA TODAY Sports)
It's another tough spot for the NCAA. Not only are its rules of amateurism under attack in federal court, but cases like this also present a recurring challenge to the organization's image — the perception of bias when enforcing those rules. Close relationships among power brokers fuel that perception, especially because NCAA justice is meted out by peers in the small world of college sports. The perception grows when justice seems to be handled differently for different schools. In the past few years, the NCAA has faced criticism about how it punished — or didn't punish — various schools compared to others, including Penn State, Southern California and a pending case at Miami (Fla.).
REPORT: Former 'Bama player one of five who received illegal benefits
Alabama has two perceived friends in high places: Emmert and Alabama graduate Derrick Crawford, a director of enforcement for the NCAA. In the outside world, it's akin to being accused of a crime and having the charges investigated at the police station where your uncle is the police chief and your friend is the top detective.
"That's why (the NCAA) probably will handle this case very carefully — because of the perception," said Michael Buckner, a private attorney in Miami who specializes in NCAA cases. "They're probably going to err on the side of caution, so that nothing they do could be seen as being improper."
Alabama did not respond to numerous requests for comment. The NCAA said it does not comment on current or potential investigations, but said it has a system of checks and balances to avoid conflicts.
"If an enforcement staff member or leadership, Committee on Infractions member or even the association president has any connection with a member school under investigation, that person is immediately recused from the case and has absolutely no role with either investigating or deciding penalties for that infractions case," NCAA spokesperson Emily Potter told USA TODAY Sports in a statement.
Alabama Crimson Tide offensive lineman D.J. Fluker (76) leaves the field after their team defeated the Mississippi State Bulldogs in 2012. (Photo11: Marvin Gentry, USA TODAY Sports)
BOWL PROJECTIONS: Alabama replaces Georgia in BCS title game
Yet others point out that the lines between recusal and indirect involvement have gotten so blurry at times that perceptions of bias easily can trump reality, harming the NCAA's credibility, fairly or not.
"There are ex-parte conversations about cases, friends talking to friends and outside influences," said David Ridpath, a frequent NCAA critic and president-elect of the Drake Group, which seeks reform in college sports. "Despite the NCAA's denial, it does happen and adds to the tremendous flaws and unfairness of the system."
The NCAA's official stance is that its president stays above the fray of individual enforcement cases. If they got involved in them, he'd open themselves up to charges of bias, politics and improper influence.
"The president of the NCAA doesn't get involved in infractions cases," Emmert told USA TODAY Sports this year. "That's one of those mythologies out there."
Yet the NCAA acknowledges Emmert has put themselves in the middle of a few high-profile cases. They led the charge in slamming Penn State with harsh penalties for the child sex-abuse crimes committed by former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky. Emmert also publicly criticized their enforcement staff this year for tactics it used to gather evidence in the pending investigation against Miami, calling the situation an embarrassment. Their vice president of enforcement was fired.
NCAA: Search firms come under scrutiny after Rutgers flap
"The NCAA has a major credibility problem when it comes to enforcement actions, and that's especially so under Mark Emmert because it seems Emmert picks and chooses when they want to get involved," said Stephen Miller, an attorney in Philadelphia who has represented college athletes in disputes with the NCAA. "He doesn't get involved in investigations — except when they do."
Higher profile
Compared to their two predecessors, Emmert "definitely has gotten more involved in making public comments about cases," said Gene Marsh, former chairperson of the NCAA infractions committee. "That's a fact."
The NCAA's process works like this: After learning of potential rules violations, the enforcement staff conducts an investigation before sending the case to the infractions committee, which acts as judge and jury in determining penalties. Current and former officials from various schools and conferences serve on that committee, sitting in judgment of their peers in college sports.
In the Penn State case, however, Emmert sent a letter with questions to the Penn State president shortly after allegations of Sandusky's crimes became public.
NCAA: Plans to gradually restore Penn State scholarships
"As you and I have discussed, it is essential for Penn State to respond to the questions I have posed so that any failures in the management of athletics programs — both perceived and real — can be rectified," Emmert wrote to Rodney Erickson in November 2011.
Eight months later, Emmert announced the Penn State sanctions — a function that is usually is handled by the NCAA infractions committee. The NCAA said the exceptional nature of the Penn State case prompted it to bypass its normal process.
Likewise, it said Emmert's involvement in the Miami case came after questions arose about the ethics of the NCAA's investigative tactics.
A few weeks ago, USC athletics director Pat Haden also met with Emmert and other NCAA officials. "During our meetings with the NCAA's leaders … we discussed enforcement and sanction issues impacting both the NCAA membership at large and USC specifically," Haden said in a statement.
USC: Request for 'consideration' of sanctions turned down by NCAA
Haden wanted the NCAA to consider softening the penalties it handed down in the case involving former USC running back Reggie Bush. Haden said they considered the severe penalties to be inconsistent with similar cases. The NCAA turned them down. NCAA officials said USC brought up the topic of sanctions during a meeting that involved other topics, too.
Neutrality questions
As for Alabama, Crawford would be expected to recuse themselves by rule. Yet no matter how the NCAA handles the case, other schools and their fans likely will perceive it as favoritism if Emmert's NCAA can't prove the allegations or doesn't punish Alabama enough to their liking.
NCAA president Mark Emmert addresses the media. (Photo11: AP)
Rival fans already suspected Alabama of getting a free pass when the school dissociated itself from a local store owner and told them to stop selling or distributing items autographed by current Alabama players. Alabama said it didn't find evidence that its players received anything impermissible in return for any autographs.
Miller, the attorney, said the system has "built-in, inherent conflicts of interest" and has called for the NCAA to outsource its investigations to independent agencies or law firms. They predict major schools will want to break away from the NCAA because "it's no longer worth it to be subject to that kind of arbitrary enforcement."
"You have competitors and friends of programs serving as prosecutor, judge and jury," Miller said. "How can anyone have faith in the neutrality of that system?"
Such relationships have raised questions in the past.
In 2010, The News & Observer in Raleigh, N.C., reported that NCAA investigator Marcus Wilson, a former North Carolina football player, interviewed South Carolina player Weslye Saunders about their relationship with a North Carolina player — Marvin Austin, who was under NCAA investigation for taking improper benefits from an agent. "Even them looking at a file is improper," Ridpath said.
NCAA spokesperson Stacey Osburn maintained Wilson was not involved with a North Carolina case.
Recused but involved
Alabama also faced a similar issue in a previous case.
From 1999 to 2008, Marsh, a longtime faculty member at Alabama, served as a member of the NCAA infractions committee. Marsh recused themselves from a case in 2001 and 2002, when Alabama football was under investigation for having boosters pay for recruits.
But as Alabama's faculty athletics representative, Marsh acknowledged they remained involved, helping Alabama with rules compliance and cooperation with the NCAA.
Alabama coach Nick Saban, left, and NCAA president Mark Emmert, right, share a unique relationship. (Photo11: Marvin Gentry, USA TODAY Sports)
In the end, the NCAA hit Alabama with penalties that included a two-year postseason ban, five years probation and the loss of 21 scholarships. Yet Tom Yeager, then-chairperson of the infractions committee, declared that it could have been worse if not for Marsh and Alabama's compliance director, Marie Robbins.
The efforts of Marsh and Robbins "not only saved the university from the death penalty but also more serious sanctions that would have been imposed," Yeager said then.
Marsh told USA TODAY Sports they were not involved in the judicial part of that case, and only helped Alabama follow the rules and cooperate with NCAA staff. They said Yeager apologized profusely for making that comment about him.
Marsh caught blowback from both directions: Alabama fans thought they didn't do enough to prevent harsh sanctions. Others wondered if they used their committee influence to save Alabama from even harsher punishment.
"Among reasonable people, it would be viewed as a good thing if you saved a school from getting the death penalty, but somebody looking at it from another angle might think maybe that was a favor," Marsh said. "But I promise you that is not the way it worked."
Follow sports writer Brent Schrotenboer on Twitter @Schrotenboer. E-mail: bschrotenb@usatoday.com
The association of milk with colonialism, oppression, and White supremacy has been a long running trope among the insane and woke (apologies for the redundancy) Left, to the point of their denial of evolution.
Ironic, then, that San Fransisco schools have apparently embraced the White supremacy of oh-so-White milk by… banning chocolate milk!
“Students from elementary through high school grades will no longer be able to enjoy this cafeteria staple in the coming school year, the San Francisco Chronicle reported. “Chocolate milk will officially be banned in elementary and middle grades in the fall followed by high school in the spring as school officials seek to dictate what is considered healthy for students. “… “Los Angeles Unified School District eliminated chocolate milk for six years, but after a study of 21-schools last year, the district reversed its decision in order to ‘increase milk consumption and reduce waste,' according to the Chronicle.”
In other words, plain and oh-so-White milk is good, while the “brown” milk is seemed bad, according to the Progressive idjits in San Fransisco. Woodrow Wilson would be so proud.
#ChocolateMilkLivesMatter
Tweet
In their first public comments since returning from a mysterious absence from the Cavaliers, Derrick Rose told reporters Friday that they have a bone spur in their left ankle, which may require a procedure if rehab doesn't fix the issue.
Derrick Rose, speaking to the media for the first time since their return to the Cavs, revealed they have a bone spur in their left ankle and acknowledged that a procedure may be necessary if their rehab does not take. — Dave McMenamin (@mcten) December 8, 2017
Rose rejoined the Cavaliers on Monday after going AWOL about two weeks ago. Upon their return, they apologized to their teammates and cited frustration about their ankle as the reason for theirs absence.
Rose has played in just seven games this season, averaging 14.3 points on 47.0 percent shooting, 2.6 rebounds and 1.7 assists. The Cavs are 4-3 in those games.
A sprained ankle sustained in Cleveland's Oct. 20 game vs. the Bucks sidelined Rose four games, but they returned for the next five. The Cavs lost to Houston in their first game after they deserted the team but have won 13 straight since.
Jose Calderon has been handling starting point guard duties for the absent-if-not-injured Rose, and with Isaiah Thomas (hip) expected to be ready to within three weeks, Rose's prominent role with the Cavaliers seems tenuous, even if they do get healthy.
LIVERMORE — Ross Dmochowski lives online, where they engage in sometimes serious, sometimes juvenile, sometimes offensive political discussions about President Barack Obama.
But Dmochowski, a 42-year-old tech professional, was unprepared when their online chats resulted in a bomb threat under their name that brought FBI agents to their Livermore home — and contributed to theirs getting fired in September from their $120,000-a-year job at Yahoo.
While online harassment is hardly rare, what's surprising about Dmochowski's experience is that even a savvy denizen of the Web world can underestimate how Internet conversations can quickly upend life both at home and at work.
“Online interactions that turn sour can be life-changing,” said Eric Goldman, a Santa Clara University law professor and director of the university's High Tech Law Institute. “Negative online encounters can happen to anyone, just like the most skilled professional driver can have a car accident on the roads due to other people's driving mistakes.”
In fact, despite their tech background, Dmochowski did little to protect himself, other than blocking some of the more offensive posters.
They use their real name on their Google+ account, which has nearly 10,000 followers. And, despite pleas from their fiancee and their recent experience, Dmochowski still refuses to temper their opinions or step away from nasty exchanges.
“The Internet is my home,” they defiantly told this newspaper. “This is me standing my ground.”
But several of Dmochowski's online friends have limited their Google+ interactions because of harassment from the same people who apparently linked Dmochowski to the bomb threat.
The aggressors, Dmochowski and their online friends said, are all white men from various states. Among other things, the men turned on a couple of black women, repeatedly calling them the “N-word” online and using harsh sexual terms. They also attacked a gay African-American man with both racist and homophobic comments.
Dmochowski and others said they became the primary target in early September when they objected to attacks against one friend that included a threat to use Photoshop to put porn on images of the man's wife and children and a post that said, “I know your kids' bus route and I know where you live.”
The attacks on Dmochowski included a photo of their face behind cross-hairs and a picture of them holding hands with their then-2-year-old daughter, whose face was doctored with a Ku Klux Klan hood and the letters “KKK” on their dress.
Dmochowski, an unapologetic liberal Democrat and Obama supporter, insists that they never threatened or harassed anyone. But they do acknowledge name-calling, such as “your mother's a hillbilly whore.” A review by this newspaper of their Google+ posts also showed Dmochowski sometimes uses a homophobic slur, which the people they engage with also use regularly.
Dmochowski said they only uses the slur to highlight the “hypocrisy” of their attackers.
Less than three weeks after objecting to the threats to their friend, on Sept. 23, Dmochowski was fired from their job as a senior engineer revamping Yahoo's home page. They said one of their online antagonists had doctored a Google+ post to create an online bomb threat in Dmochowski's name that was directed at Fox News.
The threat caused the FBI to contact Yahoo, then send a pair of agents to Dmochowski's home. The FBI declined to comment.
While they have not been arrested or charged, Dmochowski said that Yahoo told them they were fired for using social media on their Yahoo laptop.
Yahoo spokesperson Sarah Meron confirmed that Dmochowski no longer works for the company.
Yahoo does not prohibit employees from using social media, Meron said, declining to specifically discuss their firing. They instead referred a reporter to Yahoo policy language that states: “If you decide to post complaints or criticism, avoid using statements, photographs, video or audio that reasonably could be viewed as malicious, obscene, threatening or intimidating, that might constitute harassment or bullying, or are slanderous or detrimental to Yahoo.”
In February, Dmochowski filed a Livermore police report asserting that a man named W. James Hamel claimed online that they had photos of Dmochowski sexually abusing their daughter and posted that Dmochowski “seriously needs a lead pipe buried in their skull.”
Hamel, a database administrator from Navarre, Fla., said in a brief interview that Dmochowski “was stalking me and a number of other people for about a year.”
Hamel then hung up and did not respond to messages seeking further comment. Hamel did write a profanity-filled post about the interview on their Google+ account, which is dominated by a photo of Nazi SS chief Heinrich Himmler and other German officers walking past an emaciated soldier inside a World War II prison camp.
“These guys use all kinds of tactics on social media to silence people,” Dmochowski said. “But I won't back down. That's what really bugs them.”
Google declined to discuss Dmochowski's claims but said it takes reports of impersonation and harassment “very seriously. We have strict policies in place to remove this type of content and ban users we find in violation of our policies. We encourage the Google+ community to help identify and flag inappropriate content.”
While Livermore police detectives regularly get reports of social media bullying among teenagers who know one another, Sgt. Paul Mayer called Dmochowski's police report, involving accusations from an adult victim with an adult suspect across state lines, “a first for us.”
Mayer, who is in charge of the Livermore Police Department's detectives, said their department does not have the staff to investigate Dmochowski's accusations out of state. But Mayer forwarded the case to local sheriff's deputies in Florida and to the FBI.
Law enforcement agencies have become much more aware of online harassment, but victims' complaints rarely lead to an arrest, Goldman said.
To make an arrest, police and prosecutors have to distinguish between a credible, “actionable threat” and “innocuous comments” that are protected by the First Amendment, Goldman said.
“Just because it sounds threatening doesn't mean it's actually criminally threatening,” they said.
Dmochowski has since gotten a new tech job in Silicon Valley — and continues to post political comments on Google+.
“My fiancee wants me to just walk away,” they said. “If I did that, I would have problems looking at myself in the mirror. Free speech is not absolute. And eventually they're going to pick a fight with the wrong guy.”
Contact Dan Nakaso at 408-271-3648. Follow them at Twitter.com/dannakaso.
Left-wing comedian Chelsea Handler made a series of lewd remarks about White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders during the latest episode of their recently canceled Netflix series Chelsea.
“That Harlot that they're dressing up and trolloping out every day?” Handler said on last Friday's episode in reference to Sanders. “I mean, one day they have no makeup on at all, the next they have six foot long eyelashes, she's got cleavage and summer whore lipstick all over their face. Can you believe what they turned them into? A proper trollop.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buFlcFROWXY&feature=youtu.be
The comments quickly attracted criticism on social media, with Twitter users pointing out a contradiction of Handler's feminist credentials.
“Sarah Sanders is everything Chelsea Handler could never be,” wrote one user. “Smart, classy, and professional.”
Sarah Sanders is everything Chelsea Handler could never be. Smart, classy and professional. Oh and did I say smart? — Marla W. (@marla_wickham) December 5, 2017
“[Handler] considers themselves a champion of [sic] woman yet they have no problem shaming Sarah Sanders,” wrote another user.
https://twitter.com/OfficeOfMike/status/937946572658180097
“This is what the Left has been reduced to,” added another. “The left is now attacking the physical attributes of conservative women.”
This is what the Left has been reduced to. The Left is now attacking the physical attributes of conservative women. It used to make me angry but now it doesn't bc I know we're WINNING https://t.co/1UlwytF1X8 — Beardog (MAGA) (@bhabrock12) December 5, 2017
Handler, whose show was recently canceled amid largely unfavorable reviews, regularly makes controversial political statements, which include calling Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Dr. Ben Carson and actor Stacey Dash “black white supremacists” and suggesting that President Trump is a bigger criminal than so-called Dreamer illegal immigrants.
Hander also regularly attacks Trump on social, once suggesting that they should be subject to a military coup. They have even mocked First Lady Melania Trump's grasp of the English language.
Following their show's cancellation, Handler said they would seek to further involve themselves in political activism.
“Like so many across the country, the past presidential election and the countless events that have unfolded since have galvanized me,” they said, adding that they would “devote as much time as I can to becoming a more knowledgeable and engaged citizen and to focus on projects that have significance to me.”
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
Top Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE aide Corey Lewandowski said Sunday the presumptive Republican presidential nominee's campaign is closing in on a running mate.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I can say that the list is very small, and we have a very good understanding of whom those individuals will be and the decision will be made by Mr. Trump," Lewandowski said on "Fox News Sunday."
Lewandowski is in charge of the team that will vet potential vice presidential candidates.
Several prominent Republican names have been floated, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, former Speaker Newt Gingrich, Rep. Marsha Blackburn Marsha BlackburnTrump's new Syria timetable raises concern among key anti-ISIS allies Dem lawmaker invites Parkland survivor to attend State of the Union Bipartisan senators press Trump for strategy to protect Syrian Kurds MORE (Tenn.) and South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley.
Trump said earlier this month they would stick with tradition and name their running mate at the Republican National Convention in July.
PREVIOUS, 5:21 PM: Get ready to get your Log Lady on after all … or something like that because after nearly 25 years off the air, David Lynch is bringing Twin Peaks back after all.
Dear Twitter Friends, the rumors are not what they seem ….. It is !!!
Happening again. #TwinPeaks returns on @SHO_Network — David Lynch (@DAVID_LYNCH) May 16, 2015
“This damn fine cup of coffee from Mark (Frost) and David tastes more delicious than ever,” said Showtime's David Nevins soon afterward in a statement. “Totally worth the extra brewing time and the cup is even bigger than we expected. David will direct the whole thing which will total more than the originally announced nine hours. Preproduction starts now!!” While the new Twin Peaks will now be more than the nine episodes declared earlier this year by the premium cabler, there are no details yet on how many more.
Still, this good news is the first news for fans of the offbeat 1990-1991 series since Lynch said in early April that they were pulling out of the Twin Peaks revival over money issues. Showtime then followed with a statement that they were trying to resolve the problems with Lynch and their reps. Obviously, that's all been worked out and topped up. Kyle MacLachlan, who won a Golden Globe for their performance on the original series, is set to reprise their role as Agent Dale Cooper. (UPDATE, 6 PM: Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. guest star MacLachlan added their voice to the approving chorus on Twitter about an hour after Lynch's announcement:)
But it wasn't a dream. It was a place. And you and you and you … and you were there… Good to be home. #TwinPeaks pic.twitter.com/UvICThbmRq — Kyle MacLachlan (@Kyle_MacLachlan) May 16, 2015
Based on scripts Lynch and Frost have already written, the limited event series was scheduled to go into production much earlier this year for a premiere in 2016 to mark the 25th anniversary of when the original series finished its run on ABC. As announced previously, Lynch and Frost will now produce all nine episodes.
CTV Vancouver
The grieving mother of a 20-year-old Surrey man who was shot and killed by police last weekend wants to know why they haven't been allowed to see their body.
In an exclusive interview with CTV News, Hudson Brooks's tearful mother said she's frustrated by how little information has been shared with them in the days since their son's death.
“He was my beautiful boy. My beloved son,” Jennifer Brooks said. “I want to know what happened. I want justice.”
They also disputed the Mounties' version of what happened early Saturday morning.
According to the RCMP, officers were responding to reports of a suicidal man screaming outside a Surrey detachment on 152 Street around 2:30 a.m. when they encountered Brooks's son.
But Brooks insists their son was not suicidal, and they don't understand what could have made them so distraught.
“He was happy. They were a wonderful boy, a wonderful spirit,” they said.
Police said a struggle ensued that ended with an officer fatally shooting the young man. One Mountie also suffered a minor gunshot wound, but B.C.'s police watchdog, the Independent Investigations Office, has confirmed only RCMP-issued equipment was found at the scene.
“My son was not armed. My son was not violent. My son never, ever carried a weapon,” Brooks said.
The RCMP said it's investigating how the officer was shot, but no other details have been released. Neither the RCMP nor IIO has suggested Brooks pulled the trigger.
Witnesses told CTV News they heard a man crying out for help that morning, saying, “Please help me. They're going to kill me.” They then heard about seven shots, which sounded like they came from two different weapons.
A spokesperson for the IIO, which is tasked with investigating all serious and deadly uses of police force in B.C., said they understand the family's frustration but that its investigations take many months as they gather evidence and wait for autopsy results and ballistic reports.
That's little comfort to Brooks, who still hasn't even had a chance to see them boy.
“How can I hold their hand?” they said. “I just want my son back.”
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Michele Brunoro
Posted 22 July 2017 - 11:05 PM
The MWO Simulator now supports new tech!
MRMs and ATMs
MRM Quantity
RACs and plain old ACs
LPLs and HLLs
It can now simulate the following weapons:- All new lasers- All new Gauss rifles- All new Ultra-Autocannons (including double-tap)- All new Missiles (ATMs, MRMs and Rocket Launchers*)- RACs! (including jam gauge mechanic)Here's some interesting DPS tests:at 200m at 400m ATMs do crazy levels of damage at their optimal range (almost matching the DPS of dedicated brawlers), and still do decent damage up to 500m. Use em now before they get nerfed.at 200m With MRMs, more is not always better. Your DPS drops a LOT when you start hitting the heat cap and you don't have enough cooling. Better to use fewer launchers and more heatsinks.at 200m RACs do crazy levels of damage while the jam bar's in safe levels, but really goes down once they start jamming. It's nice to see that plain old ACs can still keep up with the new stuff. They aren't as awesome to fire though.at 200m I've been seeing some heavy laser builds in smurfy that substitute heavy large lasers for large pulse lasers and wanted to see what the big deal was about. Turns out they have a much bigger alpha (almost 40% more), but their total DPS starts to fall behind the old LPL builds when they reach the heatcap.Try out your own builds. I've also added a special setup for DPS tests here . Just add your builds to the blue team and click Run. Save your setup by pressing the Permalink button on the left.Let me know if you find any bugs. Enjoy.Reminder: If you've used the simulator before, make sure to press Ctrl-F5 (on desktop) to make sure you load the latest sources. I'm looking for a way to make this automatic without mangling my code too much.* Rocket launchers now working correctly.
Edited by fat4eyes, 23 July 2017 - 08:56 PM.
Leon Wieseltier has fallen victim to the Harvey Weinstein storm. They have lost funding for their new magazine venture, and they lost their position as a senior editor at The Atlantic. Thanks to a one minute vignette for T-Magazine with Chelsea Handler, back in April 2016, we get a pretty good sense of Wieseltier's brand of inappropriate sexual-at-work-play. No matter how we view Wieseltier's alleged sexual transgressions in the workplace, or that T-Magazine vignette, these are not all the sins Wieseltier has to answer for.
Back in August, 2017, Richard Spencer, the White Nationalist who lead the march in Charlottesville, gave an interview to Israel's Channel 2 trying to justify what they are about. “As an Israeli citizen,” Spencer told their Israeli interviewer, “someone who understands your identity, who has a sense of nationhood and peoplehood and the history and experience of the Jewish people, you should respect someone like me who has analogous feelings about whites. I mean, you could say that I am a white Zionist in the sense that I care about my people. I want us to have a secure homeland that's for us and ourselves just like you want a secure homeland in Israel.”
Spencer has been making the analogy for some time now. E.g. at the University of Texas A & M on December 6, 2016, where they flummoxed Rabbi Matt Rosenberg.
The comparison hits a nerve with American Jews, as it should. “It's an analogy with superficial plausibility. It's also a malicious lie, and a deliberate one,” said Yair Rosenberg in a Tablet article. But Rosenberg fails to meet Spencer's challenge head-on. Jane Eisner, the editor-in-chief of the Forward, also took exception. They did no better: “Like the anti-Semitism at its core, this ugly syllogism will not die,” said Eisner. Ditto for Jonathan Greenblatt, National Director of the Anti-Defamation League.
So I listened with some interest when I stumbled on a Park Avenue Synagogue Lecture Series interview with Leon Wieseltier (from November 8, 2011) wherein they outlined their fundamental justification for Israel as a Jewish state. Wieseltier, the literary editor for The New Republic from 1983-2014, now at Brookings, is always interesting and worth listening to. They made their comments five years before Richard Spencer provoked Jews with their syllogism, but they made Spencer's argument for him.
Everybody knows the latest talking points for defending Israel, lamented Wieseltier back in 2011, but no one knows anymore how to defend Israel as a Jewish state from basic principles. In the video–starting at 12:40–he proceeds to lay out those basic principles from their point of view. It could be Richard Spencer talking:
There is a people, the Jewish people; The Jewish people are one of the primary people in the history of the world; The Jewish people, like all autonomous people, have a unique history; In the modern period (i.e. 17th century onwards) “peoples” began to be redefined as nations; If you are a nation (i.e. people) you should have a state; In order to create a nation state, a national movement has to be created; Zionism was the national movement for the Jewish people; Jews have a state like other nations (i.e. peoples) have a state; The idea was that cultural boundaries would coincide–they don't–and this creates a problem of minorities. Nation states always contain some people of “other nations;” and Israel has a problem of minorities no different from any other people.
That is, in fact, exactly what Richard Spencer says about the United States. Christian Northern White Europeans are a people, they founded America, and its their nation state. We in the U.S. have a pesky problem of minorities–but nothing that can't be managed by excluding Muslims and people of color from the country, favoring Christianity (“saying Merry Christmas again,” as Trump puts it), and perhaps shipping Jews off to their nation state–Israel.
But note the sleight of hand in Wieseltier's argument at points 4-8.  They are correct in suggesting that the modern nation state emerged in part from the Peace of Westphalia, which settled a century of sectarian religious wars ignited by the Reformation. We think of the Peace of Westphalia as having established a world order of independent sovereign states. The Peace of Westphalia set forth a norm against interference by states in the internal affairs of other states–not that Putin is listening. Matters of religion, political rights, etc. would be left to each sovereign, who would rule over an area with fixed borders. All this is correct, . . . but this new order did not equate the nation state with “the people making up its majority population.”
Our idea of a modern nation state has come to include other Enlightenment ideas. The Enlightenment, cemented by the American Revolution and the French Revolution, gave us the notion of universal human rights. Napoleon emancipated the Jews and made them equal citizens of the state. France became a nation of its citizens–not the nation of its white Roman Catholic subset, as Wieseltier suggests. The American Revolution declared “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.” America became a country of its citizens–and after the Civil War of 1861-65 this included everybody. America is not the nation state of its majority white Christian Europeans, as Richard Spencer would have it.
From the Magna Carta to Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, to the American and French revolutions, and to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights a lot has changed and matured in our conception of the nation state. Along the way this Enlightenment tradition jettisoned the notion that the nation state is by and for “peoples” of a particular ethnic or religious grouping. We fought World War 2 in order to defeat the pernicious notion that teutonic Aryan defined a nation state.
This nine-point Wieseltier argument for Zionism says teutonic Aryan is a nation state. The argument channels the White European Radical Right of the late 19th early 20th century: Ernst Haeckel, Oswald Spengler, Enrico Ferri, et al. Their argument provides inadvertent cover for these demons of the White European radical right which are trying to make a come-back in our politics today. We must reject those demons, for America, for Israel, for the world.
- A maximum of 3 of this product are available per person. Orders that include more than this limit will be cancelled.
A conductor of Tobu Railway's Spacia train. Join them on a trip to the Kinugawa hot springs!
Order Dates: Orders can be placed between the 26th May 2015 (Thu) from 12:00JST until the 24th June 2015 (Wed) at 21:00JST.
* Please read the usage guide before purchase.
From 'Tetsudou Musume' comes a Nendoroid of Miyabi Kinugawa!  They are from Tobu Railways like the previously released Minami Kurihashi, but works as a train conductor!The input terminal used by train conductors is included for them to work on, and a Nendoroid-sized 'Station Stamp' from Kinugawa-Onsen Station is also included allowing you to recreate the Tetsudou Musume stamp rally, currently running until February 2016. An alternate color version of the mini-stamp being sold at Kinugawa-Onsen Station is also included!
Seinfeld calls decision to end show 'all about timing'
Fan: 'It's going to be a big loss'
December 26, 1997
Web posted at: 4:35 p.m. EST (2135 GMT)
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Turning their back on a reported NBC offer of $5 million an episode for the 1998-99 season, comedian Jerry Seinfeld says their decision to stop producing 'Seinfeld' after this season is all about "timing."
The "Seinfeld" finale next spring promises to be a television event along the magnitude of final episodes of the long-running TV hits "M-A-S-H" and "Cheers."
Seinfeld has been saying for the past few months that they would make a decision around the first of the year about whether to continue the show, which turned into a cultural signpost for the '90s.
"For me, this is all about timing. My life is all about timing. As a comedian, my sense of timing is everything," the actor/producer told The New York Times in Friday's editions.
"I wanted to end the show on the same kind of peak we've been doing it on for years," Seinfeld said. "I wanted the end to be from a point of strength. I wanted the end to be graceful."
According to New York Times television writer Bill Carter, who reported on Seinfeld's decision, it was a difficult one for the comedian to make, but one in which the show's cast supported him. "Everyone agreed that if this was Jerry's call, that's the way it would go," Carter said.
'Yada, yada, yada'
The self-described show about nothing was a major profit maker for the network.
The series spun off several now-popular phrases like "not that there's anything wrong with that" and "yada yada yada." Nothing was too trivial to inspire a half-hour's ribbing; one episode had the cast searching for their car after a day at the mall.
The show won 10 Emmys as it shed a humorous light on the goings-on of four self-absorbed New Yorkers.
George (Jason Alexander) with fiancee Susan (Heidi Swedberg), who died after licking toxic envelope glue
Its ensemble cast features Jerry, who plays themselves as a stand-up comedian; their former girlfriend Elaine Benes; their high-school pal George Costanza; and their eccentric neighbor Kramer. They all stumble through life meeting such inane characters as the Soup Nazi, the bubble boy and a hateful mail carrier named Newman.
It became popular, Carter said, because it was completely original, and only about comedy.
"There weren't any 'very special episodes,' about somebody's problems or emotional upsets or traumas. It was only about being funny," with "totally self-absorbed characters," they said. 298K/27 sec. AIFF or WAV sound
Still an NBC mainstay
Although some critics thought the show was fading this season, its ninth, "Seinfeld" was still taking creative chances. Just recently, it told a story backwards, from the last scene to the opener, helped along by repetitive phrases that eventually made sense.
"To keep a show of this caliber at its peak is a great undertaking, and we respect Jerry's decision that at the end of this season, it's time to move on," NBC said in a statement.
The show's popularity certainly hasn't faded among viewers, many of whom expressed disappointment Friday that the show would end production.
Voices from the street 128K/11 sec. AIFF or WAV sound
128K/11 sec. AIFF or WAV sound
85K/7 sec. AIFF or WAV sound
The PDP-BJP coalition government in the state is caught in a piquant situation on the implementation of goods and services tax (GST) after Opposition parties accused it of trying to end the special status of the state. The Mehbooba Mufti-led government is in a quandary also because if GST is not implemented local traders wouldn't get any concession while exporting goods from outside the state and several commodities (in Jammu and Kashmir) will be priced higher than the rest of the country.
The Jammu and Kashmir government has called an all-party meeting on 13 June to find a solution out of this unique fix as well as resolve concerns of the Opposition parties. Incidentally, a delegation of opposition parties led by National Conference (NC) leader and former chief minister Omar Abdullah had met Governor NN Vohra to raise their concerns about how the new tax regime would erode state's special status. A special session of the Assembly has also been convened on 17 June to discuss the GST law.
Though the Jammu and Kashmir government recently approved a draft GST bill, and in a Cabinet meeting Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti maintained that GST would make prices of essential commodities cheaper and help the state generate additional tax revenue, GST's impact on the state's special status remain a concern. Jammu and Kashmir's finance minister Haseeb Drabu had earlier held that the GST Council will have over-riding powers than the state Assembly and this would be a matter of concern for the state of Jammu and Kashmir which has a special status and also its own Constitution. During a recent GST council meeting in Srinagar, Drabu, however, held that the new tax will help the common man and make the commodities and services cheaper.
Minister of state for finance Ajay Nanda, said that "the mode of implementation of the GST in the state will be worked out". "We are holding an all-party meeting to see as to how the law can be implemented," they said.
Jammu and Kashmir tax laws vs GST
According to an official at the state's commercial tax department, implementation of GST will make several state laws including the General Sales Tax Act, which taxes services, irrelevant. Some 30 services have been notified by the government from time to time, which are being taxed under the state act, the official said.
The task of implementing GST has also become difficult because of the business community, which fears that the new GST regime will weaken the special status of the state. President of the Kashmir Chamber of Commerce and Industries (KCCI), Mushtaq Ahmad Wani, said, “We are strongly against any dilution of the stand on GST by the state government and would resist it forcefully."
The Jammu and Kashmir state imposes a number of other taxes on its own, for example, petroleum products are taxed as per the Jammu and Kashmir Motor Spirit and Diesel Tax Act, 1948. The tax law provides for levy of charges on the retail sale of motor spirit and diesel oil and has been promulgated as per the powers reserved to the state under Section 5 of the Jammu and Kashmir Constitution. Similarly, the Jammu and Kashmir state has its own Value Added Tax (VAT) Act 2005, which was enacted by the state legislature. As per the VAT Act, "every dealer whose turnover of sales or purchases exceeded the taxable limit shall be liable to pay tax on their sales or purchases, as the case may be". Besides that, in Jammu and Kashmir, a tax is also imposed on "entry of scheduled goods into the state" from outside as per Entry Tax on Goods Act, 2000, which was enacted by the state legislature.
GST is the way ahead
According to officials, with the new GST regime all the indirect taxes will go, and only three taxes — the Central Goods and Services Tax (CGST), Integrated Goods and Services (IGST) and State Goods and Services Tax (SGST) — would be implemented in the state.
Without GST, trade with rest of India will become difficult for Jammu and Kashmir traders and business people. “In case the state opts out from the GST regime the traders and business people would not be able to conduct business with rest of India and can't get the benefit of input tax credit," a senior government official said, adding, “GST is a self-assessment taxation model in which the interface with the officers is being done away with and the tax is paid online."
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has earlier argued that the different tax brackets of the GST have been worked out to ensure that the commodities which are of mass consumption are taxed in the lower bracket than the luxury goods. In a press conference in Srinagar, which was held after the GST council meeting, Jaitley had said that under the GST, "actual incidence of tax on customers will go down" and those "who are against GST in Jammu and Kashmir lack understanding". They also said that in case GST was not implemented in the state customers in the state would have to pay double tax, first on inputs and then on the final product. "If GST is not implemented the people will not be able to get the benefit of input credit," they had said.
The state government has, however, also maintained that the CGST is already applicable in the state in the form of Central Excise Tax on the manufacturing of goods, which would now be subsumed into the GST. Similarly, officials said that the J&K government will counter the opposition on the plea that the central sales tax act is also applicable in the state and would now replace the IGST.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The Virginia federal judge overseeing the Megaupload case on Friday ordered Megaupload and the government back to the negotiating table over the fate of the locker site's servers, which has been a subject of dispute in recent weeks. CNet reports that Judge Liam O'Grady declared themselves "sympathetic" to the financial burdens that Carpathia Hosting, Megaupload's former ISP, was incurring as a result of the Megaupload litigation, and "seemed dismissive" of the government's objections to letting Megaupload have its data.
Ira Rothken, MegaUpload's lead attorney, asked U.S. District Judge Liam O'Grady to send all the parties interested in the data back to the negotiating table to continue looking for a solution they can agree on. And that's exactly what O'Grady told them to do. What's most important about the judge's decision was that the user data will continue to be preserved. O'Grady told the parties that unless they wanted to hire their own "special master" to help mediate the talks, then they would send them to a magistrate judge known for their abilities to "bring people together" and hash out agreements.
The exchange also hinted at why the government has shown so little sympathy for Carpathia's plight. The government pointed out to the judge that Carpathia had "generated $35 million from working with Megaupload," and implied that the hosting company bears some responsibility for Megaupload's actions.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation urged the judge to establish a system to allow Megaupload users to retrieve their legal data. But the judge expressed skepticism that it would be feasible to set up and operate such a system given the large amount of data involved.
Urgent:
Should Obama Be Impeached? Vote Now in Urgent Poll
Adrian Kraus | AP Photo
Yes, it was that bad
OAKLAND, Calif — For a half, the game was close. The talent-deprived Jets, and all of their flaws, were in it with the Super Bowl contender Raiders. The upset was likely still farfetched, but not impossible.
And then Todd Bowles and Co. were engulfed by The Black Hole.
After the Jets pulled within eight early in the third quarter, the Raiders rolled them the rest of the way. When the final whistle mercifully blew, Oakland had a a 45-20 victory.
“We were in the game. We had a fighting chance,” Bowles said. “We're not good enough to correct our mistakes and win the game. We have to play pretty good, sound football. At times, we didn't.”
The offense did put up a fight, but the Jets defense again watched as running backs ran rampant through gaping holes, and receivers wide-open through the secondary. The Raiders totaled 180 yards on the ground (6.7 yards per carry) and another 230 through the air. They had 12 plays of 10-plus yards, and five of 20-plus. That included touchdowns of 43 (Cordarrelle Patterson) and 52 yards (Jalen Richard).
Quarterback Derek Carr finished 23 of 28 with three touchdowns. Running back Marshawn Lynch had 45 and a score. Khalil Mack led the way on defense with four tackles and a sack.
The Jets weren't expected to win on Sunday. They were 14-point underdogs for a reason. But the performance from their defense was borderline embarrassing.
Who stood out? Both for good and bad reasons? Here are the studs and duds.
Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final Will Follow A Neutral Route With Multiple Endings
By Sato . October 11, 2015 . 5:00am
Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final producer Kazuyuki Yamai recently shared the latest on the upcoming game during a NicoNico Live stream. Here are some of the details that were discussed during the show.
Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final won't be like Shin Megami Tensei IV with the Chaos and Law routes, but it will be all “Neutral” but with multiple endings.
They say that you don't need to have played or completed Shin Megami Tensei IV to enjoy Final, but there will be references here and there that will bring a smile to those that have played it.
The “gauntlet” shown on the protagonist is actually their smartphone. They say that the ones worn in Shin Megami Tensei IV could be considered a smartphone as well, but in a different form.
Asahi can be considered the hero of the game. She's a bit younger compared to most Shin Megami Tensei characters at age 15.
They say that the way Navarre died was very petty, and had a good laugh about it. Additionally, he'll have more of a role in Final than they did in Shin Megami Tensei IV.
The above is a look at Medusa and Mermaid. There will be about 450 demons in the game.
The “Partner” system will be something different for Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final. There will be other human characters besides Asahi who will appear as Partners.
The “Assist Attack” system will have your Partners show up when you're in a pinch. You'll also get to “raise” human characters as well as demons.
Conversations for recruiting demons have been completely renewed.
The main character will be a silent protagonist.
Demons will be able to use various types of magic, even if they don't specialize at them. When they use the magic they specialize at, they'll be more effective.
Demon stats have been completely changed up, so those who played Shin Megami Tensei IV will experience something different.
Yamai says that Isabeau will be in Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final, and as for Flynn they say “stay tuned for more.”
They also reassure fans that Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final doesn't mean “final” of the series, but rather, the end of Shin Megami Tensei IV. They mention that Shin Megami Tensei V, Shin Megami Tensei VI, and so on will still keep coming, so not to worry.
Shin Megami Tensei IV: Final will release in Japan in February 2016 for Nintendo 3DS. The next live stream for the game will be in December.
Philip Charles David Collins Character Information Gender Male Race Caucasian Hair Brown; Receding Age 68 Date of Birth January 30, 1951 Died 200" Occupation Musician/Drummer Voiced by Trey Parker[1] Wikipedia Phil Collins Appearances First Timmy 2000" Final 200"
Phil Collins first appeared in the Season Four episode, "Timmy 2000", in which the winner of the Battle of the Bands gets to open for Collins' concert, and then later appeared in the Season Fourteen episode, "200".
Contents show]
Background
In "Timmy 2000", Collins, who is always seen clutching an Oscar, is upset with The Lords of the Underworld because of the way they use Timmy in their band. They successfully break up the band by convincing Skyler that Timmy is stealing their thunder. They allow Skyler's new solo band, Reach for the Skyler, to perform at their concert. After the kids are taken off Ritalin at the festival, Collins is promptly booed off the stage. While The Lords of The Underworld begin playing, they are thrown around in the audience and their Oscar is shoved up their ass.
At the concert, Collins sings a parody of "You'll Be in My Heart," as the creators' revenge for "Blame Canada" from South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut losing the Oscar to Collins - the reason being that, while Stone and Parker were prepared to lose the Academy Award for Best Original Song, they were not prepared to lose it to Phil Collins.
Collins later returned in the episode "200" as one of the celebrities suing the town. They and Jared Fogle were sent by Tom Cruise to pick up Muhammad, but they were killed when their limo was blown up by Ginger Kids.
Appearance
Phil Collins wears a white long-sleeved shirt, jeans, and can be seen holding an Oscar trophy. They have a noticeable 5 o'clock shadow, visible signs of aging, and has receding brown hair.
Personality
Their crossed eyes and speaking mannerisms are used to imply that Collins is mentally handicapped in some capacity.
Prominence
References
Creation is often a very messy thing.
Last weekend was Farmhouse Just-West-of-Frederick-MD Fest where The Get-Up was the sole band on the bill (with the exception of a few solo meanderings from Alan Schwartz, Bill O'Driscoll and David Husted – and an unaccompanied bass [pedal] solo by Mr. Edward “Rutherford” Bejzak). It was a weekend of craft beer, painstakingly prepared food and all-out “jammination” for all those who partook. After run-through of the set-list on Saturday, the house lights were brought down (ok, we lost power). This led (not 100% sure that it shouldn't be “lead” – even after consulting the “interwebs”) to chili dinner – then on to port, my yearly cigar and some wonderful discussions on, but not about, the farmhouse's front porch.
So[lo], I unpacked the gear I had lugged up to Jefferson, MD and set everything up to work on Regular Folk. I had the idea of adding some off-beat instrumentation with the thought of using my Cannonball Gourd Thumb Piano (pictured up top & called a “kalimba, mbira, mbila, or marímbula depending on the region in which it's played” according to the Uncommon Goods website – from where, I think, my wife, Liz, purchased it for me as a Christmas gift), my clarinet and my accordion/concertina. After playing some acoustic guitar along to the Folklore rhythm on my piano (of which only the guitar got recorded – not on purpose), I started with the thumb piano and then thought of my didgeridoo. I was able to get a bit of the “drone” going and mixed it all up after adding a vocal track and left it at that. Here's the mess that I've dubbed Regular Folk, Sketch 2.
Acoustically,
-The Ed-Up
What's wrong with the Legion of Boom?
That's the question running through everyone's minds after watching the Seahawks squander yet another fourth-quarter lead in Sunday's loss to the Panthers. The defense's subpar effort in the later stages of games is one of the reasons Seattle is sitting at 2-4, on the verge of falling out of playoff contention. Given the ineffectiveness of the Seahawks' defense in critical moments, I thought it was time to take a look at the All-22 Coaches Film and try to figure out why the "Legion of Boom" is failing to close out games. Here's what the tape revealed:
1) The blueprint is out on how to attack the Seahawks' coverage.
The NFL is a copycat league, with coaches quick to steal ideas from successful game plans against winning teams. The Seahawks' defensive dominance over the past three seasons has forced offensive coordinators to spend more time in the film room looking for a weakness in the scheme. After watching Tom Brady, Philip Rivers and Aaron Rodgers put up strong performances in wins over the Seahawks over the past two seasons, offensive play callers are attacking the single-high safety coverage (Cover 1 and Cover 3) with a myriad of seam routes, pick plays and checkdowns that exploit the vulnerable areas of the scheme.
I've previously broken down the Cover 1-Robber and Cover 3 tactics employed by the defending NFC champions. The Seahawks traditionally keep a safety in the middle of the field, with the other safety playing as a curl-flat dropper or in the hook zone (Cover 3 Buzz). The cornerbacks will press on the single-receiver side and use a "bail" technique (side shuffle) if they are on the side with two or more receivers. The presence of a safety in the middle of the field discourages deep throws between the hashes, while the press coverage on the outside neutralizes the fade and go-route. If the Seahawks are playing Cover 1-Robber, the defensive backs and linebackers are matched on the wide receivers, tight ends and running backs, with the lurk safety hanging between the hashes to switch off on shallow crossers or dig routes.
To attack the Cover 3, the offense must attack the seams along the hashes or send receivers down the boundary on wheel or rail routes, to put the curl-flat defender in a bind. Additionally, the quarterback must exhibit patience and take the checkdown when the second-level defenders drop underneath intermediate routes inside the numbers. These are the tactics veteran quarterbacks (Peyton Manning, Rivers, Brady and Rodgers) have used to move the ball successfully against the Seahawks. In other words, offensive coordinators have paid attention.
The All-22 Coaches Film revealed opponents repeatedly attacking the Seahawks down the seams. In Week 5, Cincinnati Bengals offensive coordinator Hue Jackson exploited the Seahawks' Cover 3 using a few intricate and cleverly designed routes. In the play depicted below, the Bengals are aligned in an empty formation, with receiver Marvin Jones positioned on the outside.  They are instructed to run a seam-post route, with tight end Tyler Eifert running down the boundary on a rail route. Running back Giovani Bernard is running a flat route to the boundary. The pattern stresses the Seahawks' secondary defenders with the switch concept, leaving a void on the second level for the post. Quarterback Andy Dalton delivers the ball on time, resulting in a 44-yard gain (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
Later in that same game, Jackson attacked the Cover 3 with a snag-seam-flat concept, as you can see in the play depicted below. The Bengals are aligned in a dubs formation, with Eifert positioned at Y. They run a seam, with Jones running a snag behind him. Seahawks safety Kam Chancellor is assigned to play the hook zone, but they jump the snag route. Chancellor's aggressiveness leaves a void down the middle, resulting in an easy touchdown for Eifert (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
Against Cover 1, opponents are using various crossing routes to set picks on Seahawks defenders over the middle. In the play depicted below, from Seattle's Week 6 loss to the Panthers, Carolina runs a mesh route, with tight end Greg Olsen running a shallow cross underneath Ed Dickson's high crosser. With Seahawks corner Cary Williams shadowing Olsen on the crosser, Dickson is able to create a pick and free the Pro Bowler for a big reception (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
Two plays later, the Panthers run a wheel route to exploit linebacker Kevin Pierre-Louis in coverage. Olsen is aligned in the slot and runs a flat-and-up to get down the boundary. They quickly win on the route, leaving quarterback Cam Newton with a big-play weapon to target, resulting in a 22-yard gain that sets up a touchdown (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
Opponents are finding increasing success attacking with seams, wheels and switch routes, meaning the Seahawks must discover a way to adjust their coverage to match those routes. Pattern reads are not normally a part of Seattle's coverage, but opponents attacking the "spot drops" and voids are coming up with big plays in the passing game.
2) The mass exodus of blue-chip cover corners has hurt.
Credit coach Pete Carroll and their staff for developing a handful of late-round picks and street free agents into the most dominant secondary in the NFL. The Seahawks have suffocated foes with stifling bump-and-run tactics on the perimeter, utilizing a couple of single-high safety coverages (Cover 1 and Cover 3) to eliminate throws down the middle. With opponents forced to throw the ball to the edges against a number of long, rangy defenders on the perimeter, quarterbacks struggled to complete passes at an efficient clip. In 2013, the Seahawks held opposing quarterbacks to a 59.1 percent completion rate and 5.8 yards per pass attempt. Most importantly, they surrendered just 30 completions of 20-plus yards and held opponents to a 63.4 passer rating. This dominance continued in 2014, when opposing quarterbacks posted a 61.7 percent completion rate and 6.3 yards per attempt, and Seattle allowed only 32 completions of 20-plus yards and a passer rating of 80.4.
While most observers attributed the Seahawks' success to the stellar play of Richard Sherman, Earl Thomas and Chancellor, I believe the unheralded contributions of Brandon Browner, Byron Maxwell and Walter Thurmond played a major role in the unit's dominance over the past few seasons. The trio capably manned the right cornerback and nickel back positions, respectively, which allowed Carroll to confidently employ a variety of man-to-man tactics on the perimeter. Most importantly, their spectacular play on the perimeter allowed the Seahawks to play it straight in the back end without forcing their top corner (Sherman) to "travel" to match up with the opponent's WR1.
Alas, Browner, Maxwell and Thurmond were all lured away as free agents, leaving the Seahawks to count on youngsters to fill key roles in the secondary. Jeremy Lane emerged as a standout nickel corner prior their injury (torn ACL) in Super Bowl XLIX, but they have yet to hit the field this season, and their absence has forced the team to turn to other options in secondary. Cary Williams signed on shortly after their release in Philadelphia to fill the CB2 role opposite Sherman. Despite their struggles with the Eagles, the veteran brought Super Bowl experience and a gritty game to the Pacific Northwest. Considering the supporting cast around him, most observers expected them to hold up well in the Seahawks' scheme.
But the All-22 Coaches Film shows that Williams has repeatedly been picked on by opponents in recent weeks. Quarterbacks are targeting the veteran on a variety of throws, including go-routes, short crossers and slants to exploit their deficiencies in one-on-one coverage.
Against the Bengals in Week 5, Dalton specifically targeted Williams throughout the game whenever they spotted the veteran in bump-and-run on the perimeter. In the play depicted below, Dalton sees Williams aligned opposite A.J. Green and takes a shot down the boundary on a fade route. Green wins quickly at the line of scrimmage and works to get on top of Williams on the route, and Dalton delivers a dime along the sideline for a 22-yard gain (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
Williams' struggles have forced the Seahawks to move Sherman from their traditional LCB spot to "travel" more against elite WR1s. Most importantly, it has left the Seahawks vulnerable to deep throws, leading to an uptick in explosive plays allowed by one of the premier defenses in the NFL (23 plays of 20-plus yards through Week 6, seventh-most in the NFL).
DeShawn Shead and Marcus Burley have spent time on the field as sub-defenders, but neither has played up to the lofty standards established by their predecessors -- Thurmond, Maxwell and Lane were upper-echelon CB3s. Shead must show opponents they can lock down shifty slot receivers to discourage throws between the numbers. Until Shead or another young defender steps up and becomes a dependable nickel corner, the Seahawks' secondary will continue to have problems defending "11" personnel (1 RB, 1 TE and 3 WRs) on the perimeter.
With the veteran core of the "Legion of Boom" also experiencing their share of struggles due to holdouts (Chancellor), injuries (Thomas) and miscommunication, the Seahawks' vaunted secondary looks ripe for the picking this season.
3) The defense is still adjusting to new coordinator Kris Richard.
A unit often takes on the personality of its coach -- so it is not surprising that the Seahawks' defense looks like a work in progress at this stage of the season, with the 35-year-old Richard having spent the previous five seasons tutoring the defensive backs. Although they are certainly ready for the role after developing one of the top defensive backfields in the NFL, Richard is undoubtedly working through growing pains as a play caller.
From understanding the nuances of organizing and developing game plans to putting their personal stamp on the philosophy of the defense, Richard is learning on the fly while attempting to live up to the standards set by predecessors Dan Quinn and Gus Bradley. They must step up and show their peers that they understand how to adapt to their personnel while making adjustments to the tactics opponents are using to exploit the vulnerable areas in coverage. Additionally, Richard must demonstrate the ability to anticipate the opponent's next move and make calls to neutralize their counter-tactics in the middle of games. The best play callers in the game are always one step ahead of their opponents. Richard must exhibit a mastery of their scheme and provide suitable answers to the problems that have popped up in the fourth quarter of their recent losses.
Finally, the onus is on Richard to make sure their defenders are communicating with each other throughout the game and are on the same page prior to every snap. Whether it is getting the call in earlier to provide their defenders with enough time to receive the signal or scaling back the checks or adjustments tagged with each call, Richard has to find a way to get their defense to play with the speed, tempo and physicality that made the unit the most feared in the NFL.
Follow Bucky Brooks on Twitter @BuckyBrooks.
By
21st Century Wire says…
“Syria is one of the biggest propaganda schemes of our time. When the dust settles, if it does, it will be revealed”
– Professor Abu Khalil
“Journalists are never real journalists if they are agents of power no matter how they disguise that role.”
– John Pilger
As bad as those ‘war theater' lies by Brian Williams and Bill O'Reilly are, this howler by NBC and their ‘trusted' reporter Richard Engel – is much worse by far.
Keen to help Washington in its all-out campaign for regime change in Syria, we can now see very clearly – to what lengths major US media outlets are been willing to go, by using a completely contrived situation to publicly demonize the government of Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
Let's be clear. We're not just talking about mere spin here. Broadcast executives knowingly facilitated the concocting of a false narrative which just happened to fit perfectly into Washington's own neatly arranged foreign policy objectives at that very moment…
FAUX HOSTAGE: NBC's Richard Engel played starring role in this US propaganda classic.
Back in December 2012, Engel claimed they were kidnapped along with four other journalists while traveling inside Syria by “pro-Assad Shi'ite forces”. Engel went on to claim how their “pro-Assad” captors brutally tortured reporters and even killed their ‘Free Syrian Army' rebel chaperone, before eventually being “rescued” by other rebels. Engel did endless rounds in the US media retelling their sensational tale, skillfully crafting a narrative of suffering at the hands of the evil and merciless “Syrian government”, and “Iranian-aligned Shi'ite forces”.
This week, the story finally collapsed. It turns out that Engel was at the very least an unquestioning (journalist?) dupe or ‘useful idiot' in this saga. We're told they are fluent in Arabic and a veteran international correspondent, so it really doesn't really make sense that they would be so stupid as to fall for such a transparent charade. At worse they could also be a knowing accomplice to it. One cannot say if they were definitely in on the ruse, but it's more than safe to say that they played a staring role in a giant US media propaganda exercise, themselves voluntarily inserting faux ‘Shi'ite' and ‘pro-Hezbollah' talking points into their narrative. Not surprisingly, MSNBC's Rachel Maddow and others happily swallowed this scripted account, over and over. Two and a half years later, the principle players finally admit it was fake. Investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald of The Intercept reports:
“As it turns out, that seems to be exactly what happened. Last night, Engel posted a new statement on the NBC News website stating that, roughly one month ago, they had been contacted by The New York Times, which “uncovered information that suggested the kidnappers were not who they said they were and that the Syrian rebels who rescued us had a relationship with the kidnappers.”
That inquiry from the NYT caused them to re-investigate the kidnapping, and they concluded that “the group that kidnapped us was Sunni, not Shia” and that “the group that freed us” — which they had previously depicted as heroic anti-Assad rebels — actually “had ties to the kidnappers.”
“NBC officials knew at the time that there was reason to be highly skeptical of the identity of the captors, but nonetheless allowed Engel and numerous other NBC and MSNBC reporters to tell this story with virtually no questioning.”
By definition, this was a false flag kidnapping.
“The Brian Williams scandal is basically about an insecure, ego-driven TV star who puffed up their own war credentials by fabricating war stories: it's about personal foibles. But this Engel story is about what appears to be a reckless eagerness, if not deliberate deception, on the part of NBC officials to disseminate a dubious story line which, at the time, was very much in line with the story that official Washington was selling – by then, Obama was secretly aiding anti-Assad rebels, and had just announced literally a week before the Engel kidnapping, “that the United States would formally recognize a coalition of Syrian opposition groups as that country's legitimate representative”. Much worse, the NBC story was quite likely to fuel the simmering war cries in the West to attack (or at least aggressively intervene against) Assad.”
That's a pretty comprehensive assessment of what went down, and this also hints at coordination – at a very high level – between the mainstream media and the US government.
SPOOKS NOTE: For those versed in the art of grifting and professional con artistry, this type of ‘Kansas City Shuffle' scam would require that at least one member of the kidnap victims' party be in on the con, so as to ensure that the rest of group stayed in line and didn't do anything stupid during the staged operation.
Without a doubt, this is a prime example of the CIA's Operation Mockingbird in action – from beginning to end – a purely fake story, created and designed to cajole both public and also mainstream media opinion over towards the US State Department's stated goal of regime change in Syria.
Greenwald adds here: “At the very least, NBC owes a serious accounting for what happened here, yet thus far refuses to provide one (note how, as usual, the media outlets who love to sanctimoniously demand transparency from others refuse to provide even a minimal amount about themselves). There were — and are — a lot of shadowy interests eager to bring about regime change in Syria and to malign Iran and Hezbollah with false claims. Whether by intent or outcome, that's what this story did. If it was not only false at the time, NBC executives repeatedly broadcast it, but recklessly disseminated with ample reason to suspect its falsity, that is a huge journalistic scandal.”
MOCKING BIRD IN ACTION: Anderson Cooper and British operative ‘Syrian Danny'.
The rest of the US mainstream media mockingbirds will not touch this story in the same way they did with egomaniacs Brian Williams and Bill O'Reilly.
In classic ‘WWF' fashion, CNN's ‘hard-hitting ‘senior' political correspondent and host of “Reliable Sources” (yes, that's the actual title of the show), Brian Stelter, spent weeks lamenting over NBC's Williams and chasing FOX's O'Reilly, which achieved nothing in the end other than making Stetler appear “tough” on FOX. Will the ‘hard-hitting' Stetler dare touch the Engel story with even a portion of the theatrical zeal they unleashed on O'Reilly? Probably will not. Firstly, because if they did, it would open up CNN to criticism for doing the exact same scam (perpetrated by the network against its audience) when it proudly paraded its prized ‘Syrian Opposition' figure, named Danny Dayem, aka ‘Syrian Danny' (strangely, they speak with a noticeable London accent), who has since disappeared from public view following the exposure of their and CNN's contrived media reporting on the Syrian conflict. Danny was CNN's go-to guy, a self-described “opposition activist”making regular appearances via satellite and even in-studio, with Anderson Cooper and others – lobbying for the US and NATO to ‘join in' by arming, or intervening to help them and their merry band of upstart “moderate rebels” aka the ‘Free Syria Army'. It was all going swimmingly well, until video was leaked which showed Danny operating out of make-shift sound studio somewhere in Syria (or Turkey?) complete with fake gun and mortar fire audio sound effects, coordinating with CNN producers on the other line – in essence creating fake ‘on the ground' news reports from behind the lines.
Should mainstream media outlets be allowed to engage in staging propaganda disguised as ‘news'? Some would argue that CNN should have lost its broadcast license for this, just as NBC should too, but it seems pretty evident that regulations do not apply to certain major media outlets.
Watch CNN and Danny's fake broadcasts here:
Consortium News explains who's behind the bevy of fake “activists” attached to the, and some of the players responsible for perpetuating the media fraud:
“Syrian dissidents received funding from the Los Angeles-based Democracy Council, which ran a Syria-related program called the “Civil Society Strengthening Initiative” funded with $6.3 million from the State Department. The program is described as “a discrete collaborative effort between the Democracy Council and local partners” to produce, among other things, “various broadcast concepts.” James Prince, the founder and President of the Democracy Council, is also an adviser to CyberDissidents.org, a project created in 2008 by the Jerusalem-based Adelson Institute for Strategic Studies, founded and funded by Sheldon Adelson, a patron and confidant of Benjamin Netanyahu. Other resources include postings on social media and alternative websites with sensational stories such as the anti-Assad activist “Gay Girl in Damascus” who turned out to be a middle-aged American man in Scotland or Syrian Danny Abdul Dayem, who was frequently interviewed using fake gun fire and flames in their interviews.”
CNN would never dare expose its own role in Washington's ‘regime change' soap opera in Syria, alongside the entirety of the US mainstream media – all of whom have gladly worked in concert to promote each and every one of the US State Department's deceptive talking points about ‘moderate rebels' in Syria, allowing both ISIS, al Nusra Front and other known terrorist brigades in Syria, much-needed time to build-up their ranks and gain traction throughout the region. Yes, the US and western media were crucial in making this process happen from 2011 until now.
It's evident now how “respected” NBC journalist Richard Engel had a bias in favor of the ‘rebels' (via The Intercept):
NBC's security advisers were convinced that there was some FSA involvement in this and contacted wealthy Syrian-American donors of the rebel group, pointing out that Richard had been supportive of the uprising against Assad.
Hardly ‘objective', here we can see how Engel plays the gray role of activist, or ‘change agent', albeit, embedded inside a major media outlet. But that's not all. They also appear to have initially lied about witnessing their captors being killed during their heroic rescue (all part of weaving the kidnapping myth). The fact that Engel has changed their story about this very important detail (a crucial detail which effectively ‘glued' the NBC false narrative together) should indicate that they were aware of the false narrative, if not involved in it. The Intercept's Glenn Greenwald adds here:
“On a different note: as I noted above, Engel claimed repeatedly that the anti-Assad rebels killed some of their pro-government captors when rescuing him. They stated the same thing in a Vanity Fair article they wrote recounting their kidnapping. But as The New York Times notes today, Engel now acknowledges that they never saw a body:
For any readers who may doubt the existence of Operation Mockingbird, or that top US media outlets are working in full coordination with entities like the US State Department and the CIA – this story should put those doubts to rest.
Verdict: NBC, along with the other media majors, have been caught promoting another war overseas. They did it in Iraq, they've done it with Syria, and they're also doing it with Ukraine.
Most of what we see and hear from our ‘trusted' media is fake…
FAKE CAPTIVES: Richard Engel and their four fellow ‘captives'.
NBC's Conduct in Engel Kidnapping Story is More Troubling than the Brian Williams Scandal
Glenn Greenwald
The Intercept
Throughout 2012, numerous American factions were pushing for U.S. intervention in Syria to bring down the regime of Bashar Assad, who throughout the War on Terror had helped the U.S. in all sorts of ways, including torturing people for them.
But by then, Assad was viewed mostly as an ally of Iran, and deposing them would weaken Tehran, the overarching regional strategy of the U.S. and its allies. The prevailing narrative was thus created that those fighting against Assad were “moderate” and even pro-Western groups, with the leading one dubbed “the Free Syrian Army.”
Whether to intervene in Syria in alliance with or on behalf of the “Free Syrian Army” was a major debate in the West through the end of that year. Then-Chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee John Kerry was openly discussing ways for the U.S. to aid the rebels to bring about regime change. Sen. Joe Lieberman was saying: “I hope the international community and the U.S. will provide assistance to the Syrian Free Army in the various ways we can.” Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, while ruling out direct military intervention, said: “[W]e have to redouble our efforts outside of the United Nations with those allies and partners who support the Syrian people's right to have a better future.”
A U.N. resolution calling for Assad to step down was supported by NATO states but vetoed by China and Russia, who were concerned that it would be depicted as a “regime change” endorsement to justify Western military intervention. By the following year, John Kerry, by then Obama's secretary of state, was arguing that direct U.S. military action in Syria against Assad — a full-scale bombing campaign — was a moral and strategic imperative.
As it turns out, the “moderate” “Free Syrian Army” was largely a myth. By far, the most effective fighting forces against Assad were anything but “moderate,” composed instead of various Al Qaeda manifestations and even more extreme elements. After the U.S. and its Gulf allies funded and armed those groups for a while, the U.S. did ultimately go to war in Syria, but more in alliance with Assad than against him…
Continue this story at The Intercept
READ MORE ON MSM PROPAGANDA AT: 21st century Wire Propaganda Files
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
Summary: Today we look at climate change politics, as an example of how we are one people. Our Left and Right, each confident it is the reality-based community, remain unaware that they're mirror images of one another. Each has fears that the other see as exaggerated, neither aware of how easily the 1% manipulate them. We are a gift to our leaders, but it need not be this way. The truth is out there, if only we'd see. Today two scientists tell us about some vital aspects about climate change — summary of the climate science rebuttal to the doomsters.
.
There is no need to rely on paid propagandists to tell interpret the work of climate scientists. They speak for themselves quite clearly through the IPCC, the major climate agencies, and individual scientists relying on their work. Such as the testimony at “A look at the Relationship Between Climate and Weather“, Hearing of the Subcommittee on Environment of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology on 11 December 2013
Witnesses:
Titley's testimony
This was interesting. They gave the straight climate-activists' line, supported by tiny slivers of carefully arranged data. Amusingly they consider as a reason to act that “the absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence”, which argument Roger Pielke Jr notes was originally devised to prove the existence of God (explained here).
Excerpt from Pieke's testimony: summary of current state of climate science
There exists exceedingly little scientific support for claims found in the media and political debate that hurricanes, tornadoes, floods and drought have increased in frequency or intensity on climate timescales either in the United States or globally. Similarly, on climate timescales it is incorrect to link the increasing costs of disasters with the emission of greenhouse gases. This conclusion s are supported by a broad scientific consensus, including that recently reported by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in its Fifth Assessment Report (2013) as well as in its recent special report on extreme events (2012).
Here are some specific conclusions , with further details provided below:
.
Globally, weather-related losses ($) have not increased since 1990 as a proportion of GDP (they have actually decreased by about 25%) and insured catastrophe losses have not increased as a proportion of GDP since 1960. Hurricane landfall s have not increased in the US in frequency, intensity or normalized damage since at least 1900. The same holds for tropical cyclones globally since at least 19 70 (when data allows for a global perspective). Floods have not increased in the US in frequency or intensity since at least 1950. Flood losses as a percentage of US GDP have dropped by about 75% since 1940. Tornadoes in the US have not increased in frequency, intensity or normalized damage since 1950, and there is some evidence to suggest that they have actually declined. Drought has “for the most part, become shorter, less frequent, and cover a smaller portion of the U. S. over the last century.” (from US Climate Change Science Program's 2008 report on extremes in North America. Globally, “there has been little change in drought over the past 60 years.” (Nature, 15 November 2012) The absolute costs of disasters will increase significantly in coming years due to greater wealth and populations in locations exposed to extremes. Consequent, disasters will continue to be an important focus of policy, irrespective of the exact future course of climate change.
Because the climate issue is so deeply politicized, it is necessary to include several statements beyond those reported above.
Humans influence the climate system in profound ways, including through the emission of carbon dioxide via the combustion of fossil fuels. Researchers have detected and (in some cases) attributed a human influence in other measures of climate extremes beyond those discussed in this testimony, including surface temperatures (heat waves) and in some measures of precipitation. The inability to detect and attribute increasing trends in the incidence of hurricanes, floods, tornadoes and drought does not mean that human-caused climate change is not real or of concern. It does mean however that some activists, politicians , journalists, corporate and government agency representatives and even scientists who should know better have made claims that are unsupportable based on evidence and research. Such claims could undermine the credibility of arguments for action on climate change, and to the extent that such false claims confuse those who make decisions related to extreme events, they could lead to poor decision making. A considerable body of research projects that various extremes may become more frequent and/or intense in the future as a direct consequence of the human emission of carbon dioxide. Our research, and that of others, suggests that assuming that these projections are accurate, it will be many decades, perhaps longer, before the signal of human-caused climate change can be detected in the statistics of hurricanes (and to the extent that statistical properties are similar, in floods, tornadoes, drought).
The remainder of this written testimony provides data and references to support the claims made in the “take – home points” above. The “take – home points” are broadly supported by peer-reviewed research, US governmental assessments of climate science and the recent report s of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , specifically its Special Report on Extreme Events (IPCC SREX 2012) and its recently-released Working Group I report of its Fifth Assessment.
Excerpt from Christy's testimony: about extreme weather
As the global temperature failed to warm over the past 15 years, it became popular to draw attention to the occurrence of extreme weather events as worrisome consequences of postulated climate change due to increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases.
For example, many claims have been made that weather events of the past 50 years are “unprecedented” , therefore must be caused by human influences. However, one can only establish such events as statistically unusual, a lower standard than “unprecedented,” if a minimum of 30 or more such periods with consistent data are available. This means we need 1500 to 2000 years of information with which to compare our recent 50-years of history to determine whether any characteristic is truly unusual.
For a few parameters we have such data. Severe drought leaves a clear mark on the landscape so that we know our nation experienced droughts in the 12th century, the so-called mega-droughts, which were much worse than any we've seen in the past century. Thus, droughts of the past 50 years are not unusual and obviously not “unprecedented” …
What does Extreme Weather really tell us?
The point about our lack of understanding of the causes of extreme weather was summed up in an article in Nature magazine with the title “Extreme Weather – Better models are needed before exceptional events can be reliably linked to global warming” (Nature, 20 September 2012) The emphasis in the article agrees with my statement that our level of understanding about the climate system is so low that we cannot predict nor attribute unusual events to human emissions of greenhouse gases using models and/or limited data records. The article discusses the problem that current climate models are not “fit to inform legal and societal decisions” without further “enormous research” because at present they are not ready for such tasks.
The article notes that extreme events “have complex causes, involving anomalies in atmospheric circulation, levels of soil moisture and the like.” The comments of one scientist at a recent workshop on the topic indicated “the coarse and mathematically far-from-perfect climate models used to generate attribution claims … are unjustifiably speculative, basically unverifiable and better not made at all.”
Not all participants felt this way, however Nature reported that, “None of the industry and government experts at the workshop could think of any concrete example in which an attribution might inform business or political decision-making.” In other words, industry and government would prefer an accurate forecast over the notion of attributing that forecast to a particular cause. Unfortunately, the ability to make accurate long-range forecasts is not here yet.
In the examples above, we don't see increases in extreme events (which is also true for tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, etc. – see my House testimony of 31 March 2011) but we must certainly be ready for more to come as part of nature's variability.
———————————-
For More Information
Posts about extreme weather:
.
.
Oglas
Švedska vojska bo letno vpoklicala približno 4.000 deklet in fantov. Foto: Reuters
Slovenska vojska se že vrsto let spopada s finančnimi težavami, pa tudi kadrovskim upadom. Foto: BoBo
Vojaški spopadi v Ukrajini so eden izmed vzrokov, da so baltske države začele vlagati več denarja v svoje vojske. Foto: Reuters
Slovenija je pred približno 12 leti ukinila obvezno služenje vojaškega roka in uvedla profesionalno vojsko. Toda vse od začetka finančne in gospodarske krize konec prejšnjega desetletja so vojaki in njihova oprema precejšnje breme vsaki vladi. Obrambni resor pa je bil najbolj prikladen za uvajanje varčevalnih ukrepov. Tako so se obrambni izdatki od leta 2008 do danes znižali iz približno poldrugega odstotka na manj kot odstotek bruto domačega proizvoda (BDP). Pri tem ne gre pozabiti, da je finančna kriza tudi precej oklestila slovenski BDP. Večina denarja, namenjenega obrambnemu resorju, je namenjenega za plače zaposlenim.
Slovenski vojski celo njen poveljnik, predsednik republike Borut Pahor, zadnja leta podeljuje ocene zadostno (za delovanje v miru) in nezadostno (za delovanje v vojni ali kriznih časih). Glavni vzrok so finančne težave, kar se odraža tudi v kadrovskem upadu. Stanje, v kakršnem je v zadnjih letih Slovenska vojska, pa je tudi odbijajoče za posameznike, ki so razmišljali, da bi se priključili pogodbeni rezervni sestavi ali pa se celo odločili za prostovoljno služenje vojaškega roka.
Slovenija še zdaleč ni edina evropska država, ki ima težave s svojo vojsko. Večji del članic zavezništva Nato namenja manj kot dva odstotka BDP-ja za obrambo, kolikor znašajo zaveze. Tudi večje in bogatejše države od Slovenije. Zaradi zaostrene varnostne situacije, predvsem na vzhodu Evrope, je kar nekaj severnih držav EU-ja napovedalo ponoven vpoklic mladih na obvezno služenje vojaškega roka oz. o tem na glas razmišljajo.
Z naborništvom do večje vojaške rezerve
"Eden izmed vzrokov je, da države spoznavajo, da je strošek poklicnih vojsk višji od tega, kar so nekoč ocenjevale. Drugi razlog je spremenjeno varnostno okolje v svetu. Verjetnost obsežnejših spopadov je v Evropi trenutno večja, kot je bila v preteklosti. Zaradi tega so potrebne močnejše vojske. Če bi bile poklicne vojske množičnejše, bi stale toliko več. Toliko denarja pa nobena evropska država nima. Zato države skušajo priti do neke rezerve. Najboljši način, to vemo že od francoske revolucije naprej, je vojaško obvezništvo. Države, ki se počutijo ogrožene, ga uvajajo nazaj. Tretji razlog, ki morda ni nepomemben, je, da se v nekaterih državah na tem gradita nacionalna pripadnost in zavest," je o novem trendu za MMC ocenil obramboslovec Klemen Grošelj.
Med državami, ki so napovedale oz. so že ponovno uvedle vojaško obvezo za svojo mladino, je morda nekoliko presenetljivo nevtralna Švedska, ki je konec septembra objavila, da bo spet uvedla obvezno služenje vojaškega roka, ki ga je sicer švedski parlament ukinil leta 2010. Na Švedskem so to odločitev pojasnjevali, da pač prostovoljno služenje vojaškega roka ni del tamkajšnje kulture. Vojska pa pri nabiranju profesionalnega kadra le stežka tekmuje na trgu dela, saj mladih poklic vojaka ne zanima.
Uvedbo obveznega služenja vojaškega roka mora sicer sprejeti še švedski parlament, kar pa, po poročanju tamkajšnjih medijev, naj ne bi bilo vprašljivo. Vpoklic v vojsko na Švedskem ne bo množičen, saj naj bi vsako leto vpoklicali okoli 4.000 18-letnih fantov in deklet. Švedska se je namreč odločila, da, po vzoru naborništva sosednje Norveške, v vojski ne bo delala razlik med spoloma.
Vojaško obveznost spet prakticirajo v Litvi
Naborniški sistem je lani znova za obdobje petih let uvedla Litva (ukinila ga je leta 2008). Lani je rekrutirala 3.000 nabornikov, kolikor naj bi jih tudi letos. Pozneje pa naj bi devetmesečni vojaški rok služilo 3.500 Litovcev.
Švedska in Litva pa morda ne bosta edini evropski državi s ponovnim vojaškim vpoklicem.
O tem razmišljajo tudi nekateri nemški politiki, čeprav je Nemčija obvezno služenje ukinila šele leta 2011. Ne nazadnje tudi zato, ker se je večina mladih raje odločala za civilno služenje ali pa so našli "učinkovite" načine, kako se izogniti odhodu na služenje vojaškega roka.
Kaj se bo zgodilo na Hrvaškem?
Zanimivo bo tudi videti, kaj se bo v prihodnjih mesecih ali letih dogajalo na Hrvaškem, kjer so že lani razpravljali o ponovni uvedbi naborniškega sistema. Zanj se je lani zavzemala predsednica in vrhovna poveljnica oboroženih sil Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović, pri ideji pa jo je podpirala tedaj opozicijska stranka HDZ, ki zdaj znova vlada Hrvaški.
V Sloveniji za zdaj med visoko politiko ni zaznati glasnih idej o morebitni spremembi vojaškega sistema. Največja opozicijska stranka SDS je na začetku letošnjega leta predlagala ustanovitev nacionalne garde, v katero bi se vključevali prostovoljci, stari med 18 in 35 let. Sestavljalo pa bi jo okoli 25.000 prostovoljnih pogodbenih pripadnikov in pripadnic, razporejenih v pokrajinske enote.
Mlade je na prostovoljno služenje vojaškega roka na obrambnem sejmu Sobra, ki je potekal prejšnji mesec v Gornji Radgoni, vabila tudi obrambna ministrica Andreja Katič. Toda za prostovoljno služenje vojaškega roka v Sloveniji ni velikega zanimanja. Od leta 2004 do konca lanskega leta je prostovoljno služenje končalo nekaj manj kot 1.800 vojakov in vojakinj.
Ali je vzrok zgolj nemirni vzhod?
Morda glavno dejstvo, da se nekatere države odločajo za ponovno uvedbo naborništva, je, da varnostni položaj zaradi napetosti v Ukrajini in tudi na Bližnjem vzhodu v Evropi ni več tak, kot je bil v preteklem desetletju, ko se je po evropskih državah začel trend ukinjanja obveznega služenja vojaškega roka.
"Dejstvo je, da bi države v primeru večjega spopada potrebovale večje število vojakov, naborništvo pa je najboljši način za popolnjevanje vojska," poudarja Grošelj. Toda na drugi strani sta se Švedska in Litva odločili, da bosta na obvezno vojaško služenje vpoklicali le manjši del generacije, ki je dopolnila polnoletnost, saj naj bi vojaški rok služilo le 3.000 do 4.000 mladeničev in tudi mladenk.
"Ko naborniki odslužijo vojaški rok, nekaj let služijo kot rezervisti. Če jih je 4.000 letno, dobi vojska v petih letih 20.000 rezervistov, to pa je že deset brigad nabornikov. Gre za množičnost. Švedska se je za ponovno uvedbo vojaške obveznosti odločila zaradi stroškov in ker je ocenila, da bi rezerviste lahko potrebovala v primeru neposredne vojaške nevarnosti," pravi Grošelj in dodaja, da bo Švedska imela kombiniran sistem poklicne vojske in rezervistov, ki bi jih vpoklicali v primeru vojaške ogroženosti Švedske.
Švedska se je, tako Grošelj, za ponoven vpoklic nabornikov odločila tudi zaradi stroškov. Ali se ti z vojaškimi obvezniki toliko znižajo, da se prekine vojaško životarjenje? "Stroški so dvojni. Poklicni vojaki so dražji, saj morajo naborniki služiti po zakonski obveznosti. Vendar tudi pri tem obstajajo nekateri skriti stroški. V času, ko se služi vojaški rok, posameznik ni na trgu dela in tu prihaja do izpada prihodka države. Z vidika oboroženih sil pa je, glede vojskovanja, vojaški obveznik najcenejši, saj se lahko kasneje vpokliče kot rezervist in s tem vojska pridobiva živo silo, ki jo potrebuje za popolnjevanje večjega števila enot."
Kje je tu Slovenija?
"Naborniški sistem je Slovenija zamrznila in se ni povsem jasno opredelila, v katerem primeru bi ga odmrznila. Po strateških dokumentih bi se to zgodilo, če bi se varnostne razmere v Evropi oziroma v neposredni soseščini spremenile. Nekako se je ocenjevalo, da ima Slovenija leto dni časa, da se prilagodi novim varnostnim razmeram. Te so se spremenile, kako pa se je Slovenija temu prilagodila, pa lahko vsak dan izvemo v medijih," Grošelj ocenjuje slovenske razmere.
Možnosti, v katero smer bi se lahko Slovenija, ob resni zaostritvi varnostne situacije obrnila, je po njegovih besedah več. "Če bi denimo šla v koncept obuditve totalne obrambe, v smislu, da bi se remobilizirale vse družbene in državne zmogljivosti v primeru neposredne vojaške ogroženosti, kot je bilo v času pred osamosvojitvijo, druge alternative, kot je naborništvo, za popolnjevanje oboroženih sil, ni. V teh primerih se popolnjuje tudi civilna zaščita in drugi civilni obrambni sistemi. Obstajajo tudi druge možnosti, recimo krepitev poklicne vojske, kar pomeni dvig obrambnih izdatkov in tudi dvig plač v vojski. Kakor koli se bo Slovenija odločila, bo potrebna globoka reforma sistema, saj to, kar imamo, očitno ne deluje," še opozarja Grošelj.
Is this the modern definition of a vagabond cowboy? Street bookseller Charles Mysak has kept their Upper West Side parking spot in Manhattan since they first snagged it in the year 2000. They make a living selling books from their car, feeding the meter with $36 a day in quarters. That may seem steep, but compared to storefront prices, it's the steal of the century. Plus, they make about $100 a day in books, so they come out in the black, they say. “Barnes & Noble is now closed. I'm the last resource for books. I'm here from 7 to 7 every day,” they told the Post. However, their perma-parking is technically illegal, and they owe about $470 in parking tickets. “In the old days, you could tie your horse to this, and no one would get a ticket,” they said. “It's an outrage so much time is being dedicated to taking money from taxpayers — they're acting as predators. We are taxed, bullied and harassed.” If you want to support this urban renegade, and maybe pick up a few used novels, head on up to 68th st and Columbus to pay them a visit. Or, if you're couch-bound in Brooklyn, check out this short documentary on the fellow by NYU student Alden Peters.
[via Laughing Squid]
It was announced late Friday night that Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle Tom Compton was expected to sign with the Chicago Bears. They have yet to officially sign, but with sources like Jason La Canfora reporting the Bears closing in, he's as good as gone.
Compton played swing tackle for the Falcons in 2016, mostly serving as a backup to Jake Matthews and Ryan Schraeder. In fact, most of Compton's playing time came when either Matthews or Schraeder went down. They were not a star blocker, but their experience in a Shanahan and stretch-based offense in their years in Washington made them a decent mobile offensive lineman and a capable backup to two very good tackles.
As for replacing Compton and adding depth to an offensive line instrumental in the success of the explosive 2016 Falcons' offense, Atlanta will most likely look to free agency.
A capable and possible low-cost replacement could be Ryan Clady. Clady was a former first-round pick and four-time Pro Bowler. They played for four years in Denver and most recently one season for the Jets, so they spent time under Gary Kubiak, who ran a similar stretch-based offense the Falcons currently run.
Unfortunately Clady has had some troubling injury concerns over the last couple of years, but if the Falcons could pick them up for a low price tag to serve as just a backup, then they could be a nice addition in the offensive rotation.
The upcoming draft does not offer many prospects of surefire talent or guaranteed starters in the OL department. Also, aside from Clady and a few small-name guys, there is not much of a market in free agency either.
So, the Falcons letting Compton walk shows their confidence in the current roster, or that they were expendable because they have their sights on someone else.
Related 4 reasons the Falcons are being so quiet early in free agency
Boston Celtics point guard Marcus Smart finished fifth in the league's Rookie of the Year voting.
Smart received one second-place vote and three third-place votes for six total points among the 130 ballots cast by sports writers and broadcasters. Minnesota's Andrew Wiggins won the award with 604 total points. Chicago's Nikola Mirotic (335 points), Philadelphia's Nerlens Noel (141) and Orlando's Elfrid Payton (79) also finished ahead of Smart.
Two of Smart's four total votes came from local broadcasters (Celtics radio voice Cedric Maxwell had Smart second to Mirotic, while TV play-by-play man Mike Gorman placed Smart third on their ballot behind Wiggins and Noel).
Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge lauded Smart's improvements during their season-ending news conference on Thursday.
"I think Marcus, he's a great instinctive defender, but I think that they picked up the schemes and became an outstanding defender, got even better than they were immediately," Ainge said. "Offensively, I think he's come a long way, too. I think that he's getting more and more confident in their shooting and he's unafraid of the moments. I think that everybody can see how the bigger the moment, the more they light up."
Smart, the No. 6 pick in last year's draft, averaged 7.8 points, 3.3 rebounds, 3.1 assists and 1.5 steals over 27 minutes per game. Smart started 38 games, most in the second half of the season while aiding Boston's playoff surge, and appeared in 67 games overall.
Smart's defense proved to be NBA ready, and the Celtics believe that they will eventually be an All-NBA defender at the guard position. They need to work on their offensive game after shooting just 36.7 percent from the field this season, including 33.5 percent beyond the 3-point arc (Smart's field goal percentage did jump to 48.3 percent in the playoffs, even as they struggled from beyond the arc).
Ainge said the team will give Smart extended minutes at the point guard position this summer hoping to hone their skills there. Boston often used Evan Turner in a point forward role while starting alongside Smart and limiting the rookie's ballhandling duties.
ERYKAH BADU: Ezra, how are you?
EZRA MILLER: I'm delighted. I'm honored. I'm intimidated. It's a rainy night here in London. How are you?
BADU: I'm exquisite. I think you're so interesting, and I have so many questions for you.
MILLER: I'll have attempts at answers for you.
BADU: I've seen you perform with your band, Sons of an Illustrious Father.
MILLER: I didn't know your presence was among us.
BADU: When I watch you perform, I'm actually watching you communicate. And the way you communicate is the way I communicate. When I'm singing, it feels like I become one living, breathing organism with everything around me. So I'm really interested in this voice of yours, in this frequency that you are feeding into the universe. Tell me six adjectives that describe how you feel right now.
MILLER: Hmm, well, my legs are a little wet because they're poking out under the awning, and it's delightful.
BADU: Delightful, that's one.
MILLER: This water that's falling on my legs reminds me of the beauty of healing, and how the Flash will sometimes slow down the frequency of their molecules in order to pass through a solid structure. It feels good.
BADU: Good. Give me four more.
MILLER: Delicious. Rapturous.
BADU: Delicious. Rapturous.
MILLER: Engaged.
BADU: Engaged.
MILLER: I feel wonderfully insignificant. I feel like one of those little bugs that hops across the water in this rain.
BADU: I love the humility. We're in an industry that thrives on power and enthusiasm and outgoingness. How do you find the silence underneath it all?
MILLER: It's such a dangerous thing, isn't it? To endeavor to be a reflective surface. I think that artists don't make art—the art makes itself through us. I'm not the doer, you know? I'm just along for the ride. Acting really reminds me of that because I don't write the words; I don't make the decisions. That's the director. Narcissism is a tragic condition. It must be so miserable to live trapped in a reflection that only includes the smallest version of our identities. Our true identities should have no bounds and no limits. I heard that for a disorder to be listed in DSM [Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders], a small enough population must have it, and that narcissism in the United States has actually fallen off the list because so many people at this point fit that analysis.
BADU: It sounds like you've come to the understanding that you don't really need anything in order to be or to construct or to perform. It sounds like what you are describing is simply love. What is love to you?
MILLER: Miss Erykah Badu, if only I had the words. I think there are a million ways to say it. But if I had to try to sum up love, I'd describe it as connective tissue, as the blood of the universe or the water that runs through all of the cosmos. The Flash's symbol is a lightning bolt over the heart. If there's any sort of superpower we desperately need right now, it's this transcendental force that reminds us of union and connection. I know it sounds a little cheesy and cliché, but I think that superhero stories come from somewhere. We make these aspirational images—whether it be wizards or superheroes— to remind us that we actually have this capacity in ourselves already. I think that electricity can run through disconnected wires, no matter how broken and mangled they are. Superheroes, every single one of them, come from the world of imagination and they're played by humans, they're written by humans, and it's in the belief that we invest in these characters that they come to life.
I moved a few weeks ago, so I had to break down and re-set up my workspace. When I did, I replaced my dual-display setup with a new 34" ultrawide LG curved display. It's had its quirks, but now I'm not sure I could ever go back. Here's why, and why it's worked so well for me.
Advertisement
The last time we discussed ultrawide monitors, the promise of one display on your desk that offered the benefits of two, or even three, was appealing. You get great horizontal real estate, clean up your cable mess, and enough room to keep multiple windows and applications open. Ideally, it'll help you be more productive.
While appeal of a single, wide display meshes with my working style (lots of windows and apps open next to each other, hiding behind each other, and never one thing completely full-screened,) if that's not you or you keep one window maximized at all times, a monitor like this probably isn't for you (but this particular display has a few tricks you might like that we'll get to later.) If you're more like me though, you're in for a treat.
Going from Multi-Monitor to Ultrawide Was An Easy Transition
Before I switched, I had three displays for two computers. A 30" (2560 x 1600) in the center, with two 27" (2560 x 1440) displays on either side. One of those 27"s was exclusive to my Macbook Pro, but the 30" and the other 27" were connected to my Windows PC, which I use for light work, a little design, and a lot of gaming. When LG dropped me a line offering to send over their brand-new LG 34UC98 34" 21:9 curved IPS LED display (just shy of $950 at Amazon) for me to try out, I figured it would be an easy transition.
Advertisement
Physically, it was: I hefted my two displays off my desk, put one thinner, curved display in its place, connected it to power, and plugged in a single DisplayPort cable. I turned it on and everything was great, aside from some stretched desktop wallpapers. I've been using it exclusively with my Windows setup for work and gaming for a few weeks now and it's a pretty impressive panel. Hardware Canucks put it to the test as well (video above) and loved it.
I was afraid that going from multiple displays on my desk to one might cramp my cross-platform style of using multiple computers, but the 34UC98 features dual HDMI ports, that single DisplayPort port, and dual Thunderbolt ports on the rear (which makes it a great alternative to Apple's now-discontinued Thunderbolt Display), so I could easily connect a second computer, like that Macbook Pro I mentioned earlier. It also has dual USB 3.0 ports (perfect for charging mobile devices) and a headphone jack you can use for private listening. The panel also boasts built-in 7W speakers, which are surprisingly powerful for speakers you would find in a display, but let's be fair—you probably won't use them. They're nice to have, but they won't replace my headphones or my PC speakers.
Advertisement
I will say this, though—I do love the look of the panel, and the more organized profile on my desk is something I also appreciate. Going from a mess of power, USB, and video cables to corral down to one power and one video is a nice benefit.
As for the actual transition though, I was actually surprised how easy it was to go back from multiple displays to a single one, but I think that the horizontal working space—3440 x 1440 native—is to blame for that. Going back to work was easy enough, and the only real quirk or feature I miss is the ability to move between displays or snap to interior bezels, or look from my primary to my secondary when playing games to read a web page or keep an eye on email, or chat while I'm playing. That's more of a single-monitor problem than an ultrawide problem, though.
Advertisement
The Way You Work Will Define Whether an Ultrawide Is Worth It
When it comes to work, the display itself is actually lovely to use, but that's largely due to the way I work. I'll keep research open in a window behind the one I'm writing in, a video or music player running over to the side where I can see it, a chat window open somewhere else, or maybe Twitter or Slack hiding in the background. When you have the sheer amount of horizontal space a display like this gives you, you can keep many of them open next to one another and keep an eye on everything at once. It's not hard to have Google Docs up in a window, a reference video in a smaller window just to its right, Tweetdeck docked to one side, and Slack or an article open in a corner. When I have to navigate a massive spreadsheet, it's beautiful to have that much horizontal space.
Advertisement
While I'm not really a “distraction-free, single window at all times” kind of user, displays like these aren't ideal for those people, unless the app you work with can make use of all of that space. For example, if you're a creative professional, or an engineer, you could probably fill the same space with terminal windows and text editors, although more vertical space may really benefit you. If you're a video editor or photographer, you could easily fill all that horizontal space with a preview window, multiple editing tracks of video and audio, or Photoshop windows, actions, and toolbars.
On the other hand, I've seen people lament that displays get wider and wider every year, while most web sites still shove all the useful stuff into a single column with whitespace on either side—which would look silly full-screened at 3440 x 1440. For those folks, this particular display comes with the ability to simulate two or even three smaller displays, in both vertical or horizontal layouts, so you can get that multi-monitor feel on a big, wide panel. I tried it a few times, and while I fell back to managing the whole display myself, I could see how those configurations might ease the transition from two displays to a single large one, or give those “I'd rather have more vertical room for reading” folks something to love. It would be great if more ultrawide manufacturers included LG's features in their displays.
Advertisement
At the end of the day though, whether an ultrawide like this will transform the way you work depends heavily on whether or not you can use the screen space. If it's too much for you, or you're a single-tasker and use tools where all that space on the sides would just be wasted, it may not be worth it. For everyone else though, it's worth considering—the added real estate has been a huge benefit to me, and helped me stop tabbing around and work that much faster.
Gaming and Movies Are Absolutely Gorgeous, but There Are Some Quirks
Advertisement
When you invest in an ultrawide display, there's no getting around the fact that the majority of your games and video are probably 16:9 today, and may not fully support a 21:9 monitor. That means that if you full-screen a YouTube video or downloaded movie, or fire up your favorite video game, you'll be greeted by big black bars (called “pillarboxing”) on the sides of the screen, limiting you to the largest supported 16:9 resolution at 1440 pixels high.
Of course, there are definitely gorgeous games and videos out there that support 21:9 resolutions, and you'll be thrilled when you find them. You also get used to the pillarboxing after a while, but it's amazing when you don't see it. If you love video games like I do, visit the Wide Screen Gaming Forum and check their master games list to see which of your favorites support 21:9 displays. You can also see which allow you to customize their Field of View (FOV) settings to give you that wide, cinematic look while you play, and of course, which games can be tweaked manually even if ultrawides aren't officially supported. The community there is great, and full of very smart people.
LG equipped this particular model with AMD FreeSync over DisplayPort, which promises to smooth out framerates and eliminate screen tearing in games by supporting dynamic framerates. If all of that is over your head, it's designed to make your games—especially on large displays—run smoother and look better. Of course, you need to have an AMD graphics card that supports this (I happen to have one) and you have to make sure your games are configured to meet FreeSync's framerate requirements, but once they are, it's a great experience, especially if your game can really make use of the whole panel. Don't run out and buy a new GPU just for this, obviously, but it's a nice perk.
Advertisement
I May Go Back to Multiple Displays...Just Not Right Now
When my time with the LG I've been testing is over, I may go back to my old setup, but I'm seriously considering getting on the 21:9 bandwagon. I hesitate to outright say that it's made me more productive since I don't think hardware can really make you anything. However, it might let your own abilities shine when you find a good match for your work (and play) style. In my case, that's certainly true.
Advertisement
While my 30" (2560 x 1600) and 27" (2560 x 1440) were technically more pixels combined than this 34" at 3440 x 1440, it feels larger, like I can do more with the space I have. Part of that might be scaling, and part of it may be the impact simplicity has on your work. From a work perspective, this experiment has been a resounding success, but your experience may differ depending on what you do. From a gaming and media perspective, it's also been a success, largely because I can look past pillarboxing when I run into it, and when I don't run into it, the experience—especially while gaming—has been incredible.
So yeah, I may go back to multiple discrete displays. Just...not right away. I'll give it a little while longer. Just don't ask me how long.
The Flash Memory Summit recently wrapped up its conferences in Santa Clara, California, and only one type of Flash technology stole the show: NVMe over Fabrics (NVMeF). From the many presentations and company announcements, it was obvious NVMeF was the topic that most interested the attendees.
With the first industry specifications announced in 2011, Non-Volatile Memory Express (NVMe) quickly rose to the forefront of Solid State Drive (SSD) technologies. Historically, SSDs were built on top of Serial ATA (SATA), Serial Attached SCSI (SAS) and Fibre Channel buses. These interfaces worked well for the maturing Flash memory technology, but with all the protocol overhead and bus speed limitations, it did not take long for these drives to experience performance bottlenecks. Today, modern SAS drives operate at 12 Gbit/s, while modern SATA drives operate at 6 Gbit/s. This is why the technology shifted its focus to PCI Express (PCIe). With the bus closer to the CPU and PCIe capable of performing at increasingly stellar speeds, SSDs seemed to fit right in. Using PCIe 3.0, modern drives can achieve speeds as high as 40 Gbit/s. Leveraging the benefits of PCIe, it was then that the NVMe was conceived. Support for NVMe drives was integrated into the Linux 3.3 mainline kernel (2012).
What really makes NVMe shine over the operating system's SCSI stack is its simpler and faster queueing mechanism. These are called the Submission Queue (SQ) and Completion Queue (CQ). Each queue is a circular buffer of a fixed size that the operating system uses to submit one or more commands to the NVMe controller. One or more of these queues also can be pinned to specific cores, which allows for more uninterrupted operations.
Almost immediately, the PCIe SSDs were marketed for enterprise-class computing with a much higher price tag. Although still more expensive than its SAS or SATA cousins, the dollar per gigabyte of Flash memory continues to drop—enough to convince more companies to adopt the technology. However, there was still a problem. Unlike the SAS or SATA SSDs, NVMe drives did not scale very well. They were confined to the server they were plugged in to.
In the world of SAS or SATA, you have the Storage Area Network (SAN). SANs are designed around SCSI standards. The primary goal of a SAN (or any other storage network) is to provide access of one or more storage volumes across one or more paths to a single or multiple operating system host(s) in a network. Today, the most commonly deployed SAN is based on iSCSI, which is SCSI over TCP/IP. Technically, NVMe drives can be configured within a SAN environment, although the protocol overhead introduces latencies that make it a less than ideal implementation. In 2014, the NVMe Express committee was poised to rectify this with the NVMeF standard.
The goals behind NVMeF are simple: enable an NVMe transport bridge, which is built around the NVMe queuing architecture, and avoid any and all protocol translation overhead other than the supported NVMe commands (end to end). With such a design, network latencies noticeably drop (less than 200 ns). This design relies on the use of PCIe switches. There is a second design that has been gaining ground and that is based on the existing Ethernet fabrics using Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA).
A Tale of Two Networks: a comparison between PCIe Fabrics and Other Storage Networks
Call it a coincidence, but also recently, the first release candidate for the 4.8 kernel introduced a lot of new code to support NVMeF. The patches were submitted as part of a joint effort by the hard-working developers over at Intel, Samsung and others. Three major components were patched into the release candidate of the kernel. This includes the general NVMe Target Support framework. This framework enables block devices to be exported from the Linux kernel using the NVMe protocol. Dependent upon this framework, there is now support for NVMe loopback devices and also NVMe over Fabrics RDMA Targets. If you recall, this last piece is one of the two more common NVMeF deployments. When a target is exported, it is done so with a "unique" NVMe Qualified Name (NQN). The concept is very similar to the iSCSI Qualified Name (IQN). This NQN is what enables other operating systems to import and use the remote NVMe device across a network potentially hosting multiple NVMe devices.
Anyway, a lot of new and exciting things are in the works for Solid State Drives and the Linux kernel. We just need to keep our eyes open to see what comes next.
Funnyman Patton Oswalt is set to pop up on one of TV's acclaimed dramas, with a recurring role in Justified‘s Season 4.
TVLine has learned exclusively that Oswalt will appear on the FX series as Bob Sweeney, a local constable who went to high school with Raylan and has been hired by the lawman to watch Arlo's house.
RELATED | Justified Vet Lands Big Season 4 Arc
Lest anyone suspect Oswalt is dialing it down completely for this visit to Harlan County, know that Bob has a single football tale they tell over and over from their high school glory days, Al Bundy-style, while a bid to help Raylan capture a bail jumper are humorous — and maybe even successful!
Oswalt's previous TV credits include Two and a Half Men, The United States of Tara, Caprica (Baxter Sarno!), Dollhouse and a run on King of Queens.
Production on Justified Season 4 starts next week in Santa Clarita, Calif., with an eye on an early 2013 premiere.
There is one, universal factor that defines bad horror movies, besides Matthew Lillard. That universal factor is that you can see the terrible ending coming from just about 3000 miles away, like these guys do, when they see a drowsy driver and a crash just waiting to happen. SPOILER ALERT: It happens.
(Also, yes, I know this is the vertical-est of vertical videos. It actually made me think twice about posting this. But, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. It's a good video. This is good video.)
Advertisement
Two guys in Fayette County, Pennsylvania were following behind a drowsy driver, watching them swerve this way and that way, just knowing there were about to see an inevitable crash. For over three minutes, the driver looks like they're just about to hit, well, everything.
"I don't want to be involved in an accident," one of the guys in the car following behind says at one point, just about a minute before they get involved in an accident.
It's at this point we should probably note that if you see something like this, please call the cops, so that the situation can hopefully be stopped before it gets to the point of injury, or worse. But they have an absolutely wonderful reaction once the crash does happen, making sure that everyone else is okay.
Advertisement
Sadly, two of the people involved were taken to the hospital with minor injuries, according to local TV station WWLP. State troopers told fellow station WPXI that the driver that caused the crash fell asleep at the wheel after working a midnight shift.
But really, if you're feeling sleepy, pull over. Take a quick nap. Don't screw up someone's day.
Donald Trump Jr. says that one reason for not releasing their father's tax returns ― a tradition followed by every major party presidential candidate in the past 40 years ― is that it would simply invite too much scrutiny from ordinary people.
“He's got a 12,000-page tax return that would create … financial auditors out of every person in the country asking questions that would detract from [his father's] main message,” Trump Jr. said in an interview with the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review published Wednesday.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump often cites an ongoing IRS audit as the reason they will not make their tax returns public ― but even they recently admitted they could do so “immediately” if they wanted. Moreover, there is nothing stopping the New York billionaire from releasing returns for previous years not currently under audit. Their Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, has made their returns dating back to 1977 available online.
Last month, Trump's other son, Eric, gave a similar explanation as to why their father would be better off not releasing their tax returns ― even going so far as to call the move “foolish.”
“You would have a bunch of people who know nothing about taxes trying to look through and trying to come up with assumptions on something they know nothing about. It would be foolish to do,” Eric Trump said in an interview with CNBC.
Trump Jr.'s remarks to the Tribune-Review come amid increased scrutiny of the transparency of both candidates. On Wednesday, Clinton released medical information revealing more about their pneumonia diagnosis to the public, while Trump shared some new information in a taped interview on “The Dr. Oz Show.” Summing up their failure to provide key information about themselves to the public, The Washington Post on Wednesday called Trump “the least transparent major presidential nominee in modern history.”
Spy Shots and Video of the LaFerrari FXX Testing at the Ring
At Ferrari Racing Days last weekend at Sydney Motorsports Park, Sporting Activity Department head Antonello Coletta announced that Modena was working on an FXX variant of the Enzo successor—and now it looks like the weapons-grade LaFerrari has been caught at the ‘Ring.
Wringing more performance out of a Ferrari which begins life as a 2800lb, 950hp dynamo sounds like black magic, and while there obviously aren't any specs available, you can bet it'll be lighter, stiffer and be shod with tires stickier than reddit to a kid with ADD. Like the previous Enzo-based FXX, the LaFerrari FXX won't be road legal, and customers won't even be able to take the multi-million dollar vehicles home to their gilded garages. Rather, they'll get to experience the FXX's surely stratospheric performance levels under the watchful eyes of Ferrari's Sporting Activity Department, having paid for the privilege of serving as testers for some of the more bonkers bits in Ferrari's go-fast tool box.
Yup, it's a track toy for hyper-rich gearheads.
And while I'd love to see the FXX go toe-toe against other hypercars—McLaren P1, Konisegg One:1, Pagani Zonda R—it's not sanctioned for any racing series, so we'll never know how the Italian Stallion would fare in the crucible of motorsport. But personally? I'm just glad to know animals like this still exist in the wild.
Check out our shots and listen to it scream in the video below. Mama mia!
The Adventure Comes to an End.
James Sun Blocked Unblock Follow May 26, 2017
Hello Revlonians!
2 years ago, we launched Revlo. During this time, more than 100,000 Twitch broadcasters chose us as their loyalty and chat games system. After powering interactions for millions of viewers, it's been a truly delightful experience to work with everyone.
At the same time, we have been racing against the clock trying to find a sustainable business model. Unfortunately, we explored dozens of monetization options, and none of them were viable for a long-term business. As a result, we are deeply saddened to say that we are planning to shut down Revlo.
Starting from today, broadcasters will be able to export their viewers' loyalty points in an CSV file. To do this, click on the banner at the top of the user dashboard. Once the export is complete, we will automatically deliver the CSV file to the broadcaster's email.
In the meantime, RevloBot will continue to function for 3 weeks until June 16th. At the end of June, the site will officially shut down and exporting will no longer be available.
From the bottom of our hearts, thank you so much to all the broadcasters, viewers and everyone else who supported Revlo in this rollercoaster of a ride. It's been a lot of fun.
James Sun
Co-Founder & CEO
An 'unprecedented' cyberattack is slowing down the internet after a feud erupted between spam-fighting group Spamhaus and hosting firm Cyberbunker over a server blocklist database.
According to the BBC, Spamhaus claimed it had been under attack from Cyberbunker for over a week and the knock-on effect could be reaching widely used services such as Netflix, as its Domain Name System (DNS) servers were targeted and struggled to cope with the pressure. Google is understood to have provided resources to try and ease the pressure.
DNS servers are the internet infrastructure which joins domain names, comparable to an online phonebook. The cyberattack involves directing large amounts of traffic towards the server which clogs pathways, in what is called a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS).
The chief executive of Spamhaus, Steve Linford, told the BBC: "If you aimed this at Downing Street they would be down instantly. They would be completely off the internet. Normally when there are attacks against major banks we're talking about 50 gb/s (gigabits per second). These attacks are peaking at 300 gb/s."
The row broke out after non-profit organisation Spamhaus blocked servers maintained by Dutch web host cyber bunker, which hosts any content except child pornography or terrorism material. Spamhaus helps email providers filter spam and unwanted content and claimed Cyberbynker was conducting the attack in cooperation with "criminal gangs" from Russia and Eastern Europe. Five national cyber police forces are reported to be investigating the attack.
Phyllis Schneck, vice president & chief technology officer, Global Public Sector for McAfee, commented in response to the news: "Denial of Service (DOS), and Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) attacks are not new, and do not demand significant technical expertise to initiate. However their impact as we have recently witnessed can be significant. Due to the connected nature of digital citizens, a dispute between key parties will impact everyone from consumers to SMB to large enterprises."
Spamhaus insisted its servers were holding out under the attack and would not be brought down.
-
Editor's note: This is a guest post penned by Ethan Nicholas, developer of the million-dollar iPhone game iShoot and the newly released Kim Rhode's Outdoor Shooting. Before the iPad was even announced, Nicholas was already conceiving their next game with the tablet device in mind.
The Internet is a funny place. After Apple announced its new iPad, I cringed at the hate being directed its way on sites such as Slashdot and Digg. Even the guys at Penny Arcade, whom I normally agree with, said “that iPad presentation had to be the worst thing I've even seen on on the Apple stage” and that Apple had failed to make a case for the device.
If you believe them, the iPad is going to be a massive flop.
Well, the unwashed masses on the Internet also predicted that the iPod would be a failure. They were wrong then, and they are wrong now.
The iPad is a computer for people who don't like computers. People who don't like the idea of upgrading their 3D drivers, or adjusting their screen resolution, or installing new memory. Who don't understand why their computer gets slower and slower the longer they own it, who have 25 icons in their system tray and have to wait ten minutes for their system to boot up every day.
For what most of these people need a computer for, the iPad is perfect. It doesn't do as many things as a “real” computer does, but the things it does do it does in a way even non-tech-savvy people can figure out, and there are far fewer ways to screw it up. So if you have managed to convince yourself that the iPad is a useless, locked-up DRM-laden failure of a ‘computer' before even touching one, I have two words for you:
My mom.
My mother is a lovely lady in their sixties who are… well, “not computer savvy” is probably a good way to put it. I regularly have to figure out why their computer is running incredibly slowly, or why it won't print, or any of the million other random things that happen when people who don't live and breathe computers sit down at one daily.
The iPad is perfect for them It does exactly what they need. It will let them watch movies and listen to music and read books on long flights. It will make using a computer fun instead of an annoying chore.
But it also won't allow them to install umpteen news and weather gadgets that start up on boot and slow their computer to a crawl. It won't suddenly forget how to talk to a network, or get so confused by all of the software installs and uninstalls that you finally have to break down and reinstall the system from scratch. In other words, my mother's next computer is going to be an iPad, and I dream of the day when I can finally throw off the oppressive chains of being the one guy in the family who knows how to actually keep a computer working.
And you know what? There are millions upon millions of people just like them out there. They outnumber us. And they finally have a chance to become productive, self-sufficient computer users instead of constantly asking family members to fix their computers or, even worse, keeping the Geek Squad in business.
No, the iPad isn't for everyone. But I'm going to go on record as saying that, for non-computer-geeks everywhere, the iPad is going to redefine computing.
(Image courtesy of Flickr/Scott Chang)
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) may both be long shots for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, but Vermonters love their long shot more.
Hillary Rodham Clinton is the choice for president of 63 percent of Maryland Democrats, according to a Washington Post-University of Maryland poll. Only 3 percent say they would back a White House bid by O'Malley, the state's two-term governor.
Sanders, by contrast, leads Clinton in Vermont, 36 percent to 29 percent, in a new poll that asked registered voters which of the two politicians they would favor for the Democratic nomination.
That poll, by the Castleton Polling Institute, includes independents and Republicans, as well as registered Democrats. Vermont has open primaries, which allow all registered voters to pick either a Democratic or Republican ballot.
Among Vermont Democrats only, Clinton has a slight edge over Sanders, 46 percent to 42 percent. But Sanders, a self-described socialist who has served in Congress since 1991, leads among independents, 39 percent to 26 percent.
Sanders' home-state standing is stronger than that of most presidential aspirants at this point in the cycle. Voters back home are often the most skeptical when one of their own starts thinking about the White House.
In 2006, for example, a Chicago Sun-Times poll found that only 25 percent of Illinois voters thought then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) would make a good president.
O'Malley's numbers lag most, however. The Post-U.Md. poll found that 70 percent of registered Maryland voters don't think they would make a good president. Among voters who strongly approve of the job O'Malley is doing as governor, barely half think they are up to the task of serving as the nation's commander-in-chief.
Read more: O'Malley has been the underdog before.
It starts out well, or well-meaning at least. Chinese outbound tourism is the fastest and biggest growing sector in travel, as outbound tourists rose to 70.3 million in 2011, and are expected to rise to 82 million this year, up 17 percent. And everyone wants these hordes of Chinese travelers spending money, especially the recession and debt crisis beset European countries.
» Get your daily dose of Skift: subscribe to our newsletter, RSS, Twitter or Facebook.
From hotels, airports, malls, and retailers hiring Manadarin speaking concierge services, to countries easing visa norms and doing joint marketing agreements with China, the efforts run the gamut. And most of the time, in the name of being sensitive to the Chinese cultural needs, some tourism organizations and companies resort to cultural shorthands, or cliches, while dealing with the guests.
For instance, Switzerland, a sophisticated tourism marketer as far as countries go, is in a Chinese marketing overdrive: As its mainstay German travelers are shying away, Chinese are among the fastest-growing groups, populating the Alps and buying its famous and pricey watches.
It recently came out with detailed norms and guidelines for its hotel industry on working with Chinese travelers, titled “Swiss Hospitality for Chinese Guests.” And the document, while very detailed and useful, resorts to plenty of cliches about Chinese culture in general, some surely useful, and some borderline offensive. We've extracted the best one below:
Treat your Chinese guests respectfully. They are proud to be citizens of the People's Republic of China as well as of the economic and political success of their home country. Discussions on politically sensitive matters like human rights, regional independence movements, Taiwan, etc. should be conducted with great care and diplomacy – your Chinese counterpart often does not feel at ease discussing controversial matters.
They are proud to be citizens of the People's Republic of China as well as of the economic and political success of their home country. Discussions on politically sensitive matters like human rights, regional independence movements, Taiwan, etc. should be conducted with great care and diplomacy – your Chinese counterpart often does not feel at ease discussing controversial matters. Many Chinese understand only little English, German or French: Chinese signalling at the most popular tourist spots of the destination as well as for generally important information (airports, train stations, cable cars, museums, entrance, exit, bathrooms, etc.) is a must.
Chinese signalling at the most popular tourist spots of the destination as well as for generally important information (airports, train stations, cable cars, museums, entrance, exit, bathrooms, etc.) is a must. Chinese are “last-minute travellers,” they don't really plan their trip, and they don't like to wait: Show flexibility with regard to the suggestions of your Chinese guests and provide fast response and service.
they don't really plan their trip, and they don't like to wait: Show flexibility with regard to the suggestions of your Chinese guests and provide fast response and service. Chinese visitors have high expectations: Show as much flexibility as possible and take into account their requests.
Show as much flexibility as possible and take into account their requests. If possible do not assign rooms on the 4th floor or containing a “4” (4, 14, 24, 34, etc.) in the room number to Chinese travellers as this number is associated with death. In particular room numbers containing “6”, “8” or “9” or being located on the 6th, 8th, and the 9th floor are considered to be lucky rooms.
(4, 14, 24, 34, etc.) in the room number to Chinese travellers as this number is associated with death. In particular room numbers containing “6”, “8” or “9” or being located on the 6th, 8th, and the 9th floor are considered to be lucky rooms. Provide clear operational instruction in Chinese about Pay-TV and indicate that the fee is not included in the room rate or the package.
and indicate that the fee is not included in the room rate or the package. Assign your Chinese guests rooms with twin beds: The members of the group travelling together will, in general, not have known each other before starting the trip.
The members of the group travelling together will, in general, not have known each other before starting the trip. Ensure fast check-in and check-out service: Chinese get rather impatient if they have to wait.
Chinese get rather impatient if they have to wait. Chinese love to drink hot tea or hot water at almost any time of the day (or night): Provide an electrical water cooker or a thermos containing hot water as well as free tea and coffee in the rooms. Hot water or hot tea is usually served at lunch and dinner as well.
at almost any time of the day (or night): Provide an electrical water cooker or a thermos containing hot water as well as free tea and coffee in the rooms. Hot water or hot tea is usually served at lunch and dinner as well. Chinese travel with little luggage: Provide a basic selection of accessories for daily use, such as shampoo, tooth brush and tooth paste, in their room.
Provide a basic selection of accessories for daily use, such as shampoo, tooth brush and tooth paste, in their room. Chinese prefer to spend their free time in a group: Take this fact into account, when proposing leisure activities during their trip.
Take this fact into account, when proposing leisure activities during their trip. Chinese dine early (at about 7 p.m.) and go to sleep rather late: Let them know what kind of evening entertainment the destination offers (shows, movies, bars, etc.)
Let them know what kind of evening entertainment the destination offers (shows, movies, bars, etc.) Chinese are evening and weekend shoppers: Make sure your shop is open when they come and adapt the opening hours.
Make sure your shop is open when they come and adapt the opening hours. Shopping is also a social event: Be prepared to deal with a whole group of customers at once and entertain them with some small talk.
Be prepared to deal with a whole group of customers at once and entertain them with some small talk. The Chinese love variety: therefore, offer to your Chinese guests several small dishes rather than just one big dish. Put emphasis upon using different kinds of food stuffs (meat, vegetables, eggs, etc.).
therefore, offer to your Chinese guests several small dishes rather than just one big dish. Put emphasis upon using different kinds of food stuffs (meat, vegetables, eggs, etc.). Chinese eat quickly: try and serve the food all at the same time and please don't take it as a mark of disrespect when the Chinese leave the table immediately – as soon as they have put down their cutlery or chopsticks.
try and serve the food all at the same time and please don't take it as a mark of disrespect when the Chinese leave the table immediately – as soon as they have put down their cutlery or chopsticks. Avoid using too many milk products (cream, cheese, butter) and be moderate in the use of salt.
(cream, cheese, butter) and be moderate in the use of salt. The Chinese like foods which are liquid and soft. However, baked goods are not very common in China.
However, baked goods are not very common in China. Soft-boiled eggs are not so much appreciated. So please boil them longer.
So please boil them longer. Hot drinks (and often simply hot water) are preferred to cold drinks.
A basic selection of Chinese food, such as rice, stewed or fried vegetables and sliced meat (chicken, beef, veal, pork) or fish should be available at all meals.
Reserve a big, if possible round, table for your Chinese guests: The group travelling together will, in principle, prefer to eat together.
for your Chinese guests: The group travelling together will, in principle, prefer to eat together. Chinese like to combine different dishes and tastes: It is appreciated if all courses are served together. The soup will, in principle, be served at the end of the meal.
It is appreciated if all courses are served together. The soup will, in principle, be served at the end of the meal. Together with the classical European cutlery, chop sticks – placed on the right side of the bowl or dish – should be provided for each person. Chop sticks should never be stuck into the food – this will be associated with bad luck or even death. Otherwise the usual European tableware and decoration will be appreciated by your Chinese guests.
Chop sticks should never be stuck into the food – this will be associated with bad luck or even death. Otherwise the usual European tableware and decoration will be appreciated by your Chinese guests. Chinese eat early: Breakfast at 7.00 a.m., lunch at 12.00 noon and dinner at 7.00 p.m. are quite standard eating hours for Chinese tourists.
» Get your daily dose of Skift: subscribe to our newsletter, RSS, Twitter or Facebook.
Romney went on to say that their campaign was focused on “middle-income Americans” and that “we have a very ample safety net” for the poor.
They later tried to clarify, saying that their comments needed context. Then they said that the comments were a “misstatement” and that they had “misspoke.” Yeah, right.
Where to begin?
First, a report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities last month pointed out that Romney's budget proposals would take a chainsaw to that safety net. The report points out that cuts proposed by Romney would be even more draconian than a plan from Representative Paul Ryan : “Governor Romney's budget proposals would require far deeper cuts in nondefense programs than the House-passed budget resolution authored by Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan: $94 billion to $219 billion deeper in 2016 and $303 billion to $819 billion deeper in 2021.”
What does this mean for specific programs? Let's take the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, since “food stamps” have been such a talking point in the Republican debates. The report says the Romney plan “would throw 10 million low-income people off the benefit rolls, cut benefits by thousands of dollars a year, or some combination of the two. These cuts would primarily affect very-low-income families with children, seniors and people with disabilities.”
Photo
Does that sound like a man trying to “fix” our social safety nets? Absolutely not. Romney is so far up the beanstalk that they can no longer see the ground.
Then let's take the fact that a report last month by the Tax Policy Center found that their tax plan would increase after-tax income for millionaires by 14.5 percent while increasing the after-tax income of those making less than $20,000 by less than 1 percent and of those making between $30,000 and $40,000 by less than 3 percent.
For a man who's not worried about the rich, they sure seems to want them to rake in more cash.
This has nothing to do with context. This has everything to do with a caviar candidate's inability to relate to a chicken-soup citizenry.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Then there is the “ample safety net” nonsense. No one who has ever been on the low end of the income spectrum believes this, not even Republicans. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in October, even most Republicans and Republican-leaning independents who make less than $30,000 a year, which accounts for about a quarter of all Republicans, say that the government doesn't do enough to help the poor. Only a man who has never felt the sting of poverty or seen its ravages would say such a thing.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But perhaps the most pernicious part of their statement was the underestimating of the rich and poor and the elasticized expansion of the term “middle income” or middle class. Romney suggests that 95 percent of Americans are in this group. Not true.
According to the Census Bureau, the official poverty rate in 2010 was 15.1 percent.
And that's the income poor. It doesn't even count the “asset poor.” A report issued this week by the Corporation for Enterprise Development found that 27 percent of U.S. households live in “asset poverty.” According to the report, “These families do not have the savings or other assets to cover basic expenses (equivalent to what could be purchased with a poverty level income) for three months if a layoff or other emergency leads to loss of income.”
On the other hand, the definition of “rich” is more nebulous. However, according to a December Gallup report, Americans set the rich threshold at $150,000 in annual income. And according to the U.S. Census Bureau 8.4 percent of households had an income of $150,000 or more in 2010.
So at the very least, nearly a fourth of all Americans are either poor or rich.
That would leave about three-fourths somewhere in the middle, but not all middle class. Tricking the poor to believe they're in it, and allowing the wealthy to hide in it, is one of the great modern political deceptions and how we've arrived at our current predicament.
According to a New York Times/CBS News poll conducted last month, nearly a fifth of families making less than $15,000 said that they were middle class and nearly two-fifths of those making more than $100,000 said that they were middle class.
Romney is not only cold and clumsy, he's disastrously out of touch, and when talking about real people, out of sorts. If only they had a heart, and if only that heart was connected to their brain.
As fantastic as Clemson's 35-31 victory over Alabama in the College Football Playoff National Championship was for the Tigers, nobody -- expect perhaps the Crimson Tide -- took it harder than Las Vegas.
Sportsbooks across Nevada took a significant hit. The Wynn took a low six-figure loss. MGM Resorts absorbed a high six-figure loss.
When Alabama scored to take a 31-28 lead, Wynn sportsbook director John Avello saw two minutes on the clock and got a sick feeling. Just as they feared, Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson led the winning touchdown drive, cashing every Tigers money line wager in one of the biggest-bet games in college football history.
Those money line bets all paid around 2-to-1.
Everyone who played Clemson plus the points -- 6, 6.5 or 7 depending on the book -- also carried a winning ticket to the bet window.
"It was one of the worst college football losses we've ever had, definitely one of the top three," said MGM sportsbook manager Jeff Stoneback, who spent the final moments cussing at the TV. "The handle [total amount bet] was phenomenal. We handled more on that game than any two of the NFL wild-card games combined."
Stoneback compared the loss to Texas' 41-38 win over USC in the 2006 Rose Bowl, when the Longhorns drew most of the money as touchdown underdogs (just like Clemson).
On Monday night, MGM had twice as much money on Clemson.
William Hill's 108 Nevada sportsbooks took 72 percent of the point-spread money and 67 percent of the moneyline dollars on the Tigers.
Before kickoff, head oddsmaker Nick Bogdanovich said it would be a "burial" if Clemson won.
What ensued was a thrilling night for most bettors, a dismal one for the books.
"You book the game as best you can, you let the players play it and that's all you can do," Avello said. "It happens. That's sports."
Typically, when a team gets 6.5 or 7 points, the money line will pay in the +240 neighborhood (risk $100 to win $240) while the favorite will be forced to lay -280 (risk $280 to win $100).
The public kept walking to the window saying "Clemson, moneyline" despite getting terrible value.
By kickoff, MGM had reduced its money line payout on Clemson all the way to +175. The Alabama money line fell to -210.
"They couldn't stop betting +175," Stoneback said. "No value there, but obviously the value turned out to be a lot better than laying -210 with Alabama."
Close to $20 million was bet on the game across Nevada, some bookmakers estimated.
Bags of rolls baked by Rogers and Mazza. West Virginians are very particular about their pepperoni rolls. The original: a stick of pepperoni embedded in a roll. - Daniel Walker/West Virginia Public Broadcasting
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2015/08/18/business/dont-mess-my-pepperoni-roll/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
Customers line up at the Country Club Bakery in Fairmont, West Virginia, for pepperoni rolls. They're just a stick of pepperoni baked in a hoagie-sized roll. But West Virginians have strong feelings about them.
"Every time you'd drive by here, you could smell them, and that smell would just bring you right into the parking lot," says Larry Carr, who grew up in Fairmont. They say the most important thing about the Country Club Bakery is that it uses thick pieces of pepperoni in its rolls.
"A lot of the other bakeries use slices of pepperoni," they say. "I think the sticks are much better."
Misty Whiteman, a Country Club baker. - Daniel Walker/West Virginia Public Broadcasting
Legend is that pepperoni rolls were invented for coal miners to take underground. You can get them all over West Virginia, even in convenience stores like Sheetz. But a few weeks ago, Sheetz decided to stock a single brand of pepperoni rolls from out of state, instead of sourcing from smaller West Virginia bakeries.
Dennis Mazza owns one of the bakeries that's been selling pepperoni rolls to Sheetz. On Facebook, they posted the news that Sheetz had decided to go with an out-of-state bakery. "In no way ever did I tell anyone to boycott Sheetz," they say. "I just said we would never sell to Sheetz as of Aug 3rd. It just went viral.
"It wasn't just about our bakery. It was about the pepperoni roll in general," they say.
On Facebook and Twitter, angry customers called for a boycott of Sheetz. They wrote things like: "Love your stores, but right is right."
Ryan Sheetz is a spokesperson for their family's Pennsylvania-based business. "We knew that it was a passionate item," they say. "So we knew that we would get some feedback. I don't think anyone could have anticipated the level of feedback that we got."
Last week, Sheetz reversed its decision. It's found a West Virginia bakery that can supply all its West Virginia stores with proper pepperoni rolls — Home Industries Bakery in Clarksburg. And yes, its pepperoni rolls have pepperoni sticks, not slices.
This story has been updated.
LAWYERS have long considered themselves a breed apart: highly educated professionals, not dim-witted business people who think a “whereas” is a man who turns into a small member of the horse family when the moon is full. Many countries bar business types from owning even a bit (much less all) of a law firm. But in Britain, that law changed in October.
Companies are queuing up to form new “alternative business structures” (ABS). The Solicitors Regulation Authority, the biggest legal regulator, has received at least 65 applications. The first ABSs should be approved in February.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The “alternative” possibilities are many. Irwin Mitchell, a big personal-injury firm, may float its shares. Slater & Gordon, which in 2007 became the first Australian firm to go public, has since bought some smaller firms and nearly tripled its revenues, to A$182m ($194m).
Another new structure will be that of the Co-operative, a membership organisation best known for its supermarkets, but which also runs a bank and buries and cremates more people than any other entity in Britain. The Co-op already has a legal arm for its members. Approval as an ABS will let it sell the same services to the general public. In anticipation, it plans to add 150 people to its current legal staff of 400.
Liberalisation will make lawyering cheaper, say its boosters. Tech-savvy entrepreneurs may buy or start law firms and offer more services online. Quindell Portfolio, a software-outsourcing company, has said it will seek approval to buy Silverbeck Rymer, a Liverpool-based law firm. Newcomers may be less deferential to tradition, and more innovative. Tony Williams of Jomati, a consultancy, says that if lawyers “insist they're not a business, they'll carry on until they're out of business.”
Many lawyers fear that cheap, off-the-shelf products will replace expert advice.(The nickname “Tesco Law” has stuck, though Tesco, a supermarket chain, has not applied to become an ABS.) Critics of change also fret that taking outside capital might make lawyers favour investors over clients. But lawyers have always cared about making money, and giving duff legal advice is seldom a good business plan.
Liberalisation will probably affect low-end services first, such as will-writing and conveyancing. Britain's “Magic Circle” of big profitable partnerships (Clifford Chance, Allen & Overy, Linklaters and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer) show little interest in being bought—by Tesco or anyone else. But if their new rivals prove capable, they may have to adapt. Some see this. Clifford Chance has had a back office in India for years. Allen & Overy launched one in Belfast last year. Recession-racked clients demand value for money.
Foreigners are watching Britain's example with interest. Current American law on this issue is like Britain's used to be. But Jacoby & Meyers, a big personal-injury firm, is suing three states (New York, New Jersey and Connecticut) for the right to raise outside capital. The managing partner, Andrew Finkelstein, has already talked to potential outside partners about buying in, but can go no further unless the rule is overturned. (He has not yet talked to investment bankers about going public, but they say they are interested.) The states are trying to get the suit thrown out on a technicality. Jacoby & Meyers may lose this round. But if Britain's reform is successful, the American old guard may struggle to win the next one on the merits.
Is Hamilton as good as gold in center field?
Cincinnati Reds center fielder Billy Hamilton (6) makes a diving catch over their shoulder in deep center field off the bat of St. Louis Cardinals right fielder Jason Heyward (22) during the top of the eighth inning of the MLB game between the Cincinnati Reds and the St. Louis Cardinals at Great American Ballpark in downtown Cincinnati, on Tuesday, Aug. 4, 2015. The Reds defeated the Cardinals, 3-2, in the first game of the series. (Photo: The Enquirer/Sam Greene)
Billy Hamilton obviously makes spectacular catches. Their play to rob Jason Heyward of extra bases in the eighth inning of the Reds' 3-2 victory over the Cardinals Tuesday night was the case in point.
But is Hamilton's daily defense good enough to win a Gold Glove?
"I see them every day," Reds manager Bryan Price said. "We all have that great benefit of seeing all their great plays, the distance they cover in the outfield, their throwing arm, how quickly they get to a base hit and gets the ball on the way to the cutoff man."
Hamilton was a finalist for the Gold Glove last year.
"You're tainted as a manager, a coach or teammate when you're so used to seeing them (play center field) or Brandon (Phillips) play second base because you see the excellence every day," Price said. "I have a hard time believing anyone covers more ground and saves more from a defensive perspective. The defensive metrics may suggest otherwise."
The defensive metrics actually favor Hamilton. Fangraphs.com rates them as the second best center fielder in Major League Baseball behind Kevin Kiermaier of Tampa Bay. Kiermaier has a defensive rating of 19.0. Hamilton is at 16.3. The next best National League center fielder is A.J. Pollock of Arizona at 11.7.
Juan Lagares of the New York Mets, who won the Gold Glove last year, is at 5.9.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The play against Heyward was probably a game-saver or at least a lead-preserver, as the hit led off the inning.
"If Billy doesn't catch that ball, it's probably a triple," Price said. "There's a million ways to score from third with no outs."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1SPLY1V
Asylum Jam, a 48-hour game jam to promote mental health, is back for its third consecutive year. Against the tide of misinformed tropes and unfortunate allegories consistent with popular culture that suggest mental health is something to be feared, Asylum Jam asks participants to design horror games that break from such associated stigma.
We've all played them – horror games where the setting is a mental health institution, where its patients are obstacles at best and villains at worst, where we're expected to fear mental illness. Given that issues of mental health affect a lot of people – one in four British adults per year – making games that incorporate these themes in their horror narratives seems like a pretty damning assessment of the human condition. Perhaps it's time to reevaluate, no? That's where Asylum Jam steps in: to convey scary horror games minus the stereotyping. Over the last two years, the jam has accrued more than 100 games that have been enjoyed by its community and beyond, as well as prominent YouTubers, such as Markiplier and PewDiePie.
“Asylum Jam has been received almost totally positively over the past two years, with developers from all over the world coming together to create some fantastic horror titles for a good cause – fighting harmful stigma in our media, and exploring the amazing genre of horror,” creator Lucy Morris told RPS. “We've had procedurally-generated horrors, beautiful visual novels, point-and-click hororrs – the works – and we're excited to see what we can do this year. We're being supported by Games for Change Europe and Prescription Pixel this year, and we're also hoping to connect more solidly with the fantastic horror Let's Play community so we can get a bunch of neat horror titles out in the open to play this November.”
Morris continued: “For me personally as an organiser, the 2014 Asylum Jam onward became even more crucial for me to make happen as I lost my stepsister to suicide a month before the previous jam happened in September. Stigma prevents people from reaching out and seeking help; it makes people feel ashamed and embarrassed. Media perpetuates a lot of this stigma in the form of inaccurate and sometimes harmful stereotypes, and that's what Asylum Jam is here for – to explore horror gaming outside of tired, negative tropes and test the limits of what we can do as horror game developers.”
Asylum Jam 2015 will be hosted by Game Jolt and will run for 48 hours November 6th-9th.
Because Americans are terrified of what might happen in public, Canadian sports fans are having absurd security measures forced on them.
“There's nothing more harrowing than going to an unsecure sporting event,” say Canadian fans.
Actually, not really.
Despite violent crime being on extreme decline in Canada, the U.S.'s inability to deal with its problem with guns means the NHL is now demanding that all teams, both American and Canadian, use the same security measures. This means Canadian rinks will now be getting metal detectors at all entry points. (Major League Baseball put in similar measures this summer and forced the Blue Jays to add metal detectors at the Rogers Centre.)
Three cheers for irrational thinking. In case you missed it, Canada does not have a gun problem. Canadians can go to public places without being afraid that some lunatic is going to come at them with a weapon.
And yet, here we are.
Some numbers from Statistics Canada:
1. In Canada in 2013, there were 131 firearm-related homicides. This is the lowest number since data collection began in 1974. (Handguns were involved in 68 per cent of those.)
2. In 2013, 9 out of 10 solved homicides in Canada involved people who knew one another. The rate of stranger homicide (0.14 per 100,000 population) was the lowest recorded in over 40 years.
3. In the U.S. in 2013, there were over 12,000 gun-related deaths.
So, if Canadians aren't shooting one another, aren't packing heat, why bother with the metal detectors? They're an annoyance and they're pointless. This is not how you make people feel safe. Research on the use of metal detectors in American schools suggest they raise levels of anxiety, rather than lower them.
Installing metal detectors is an absurdity for Canadian sports fans. What's next, arresting teenaged Canadian clock inventors?
Here's the release from the Canucks:
Vancouver, B.C. – The Vancouver Canucks announced today that walk-through metal detectors (magnetometers) will be installed at all main entrances to Rogers Arena beginning on Tuesday, September 22nd vs San Jose. Fans are strongly encouraged to arrive 15-20 minutes earlier than they usually would, and even earlier if they typically arrive close to puck drop. Fans should also pack light and check their tickets for a suggested entrance that will help them enter faster.
The new safety enhancements are part of the National Hockey League's initiative to standardize security procedures at all NHL arenas. Fans will now be asked to remove all metal objects from their pockets before passing through the metal detectors, which are similar to those used at airports, only faster without the need to screen luggage. Only in unique circumstances will a pat-down or hand-held wands be used, allowing fans to enter the arena as quickly as possible.
All bags will also be subject to inspection, as per previous fan safety protocols.
These new security measures are consistent with those in effect at all other NHL venues, as well as NBA, MLB and NFL venues.
a list of prohibited items and for further information, fans are encouraged to visit Canucks.com/Safety.
Flickr/Dave Dugdale
Even on the clearest, darkest night far from city lights, you can see only about 1% of the Milky Way galaxy's 100 billion to 400 billion stars.
Here's the real trip though: For every star in the Milky Way, there's a unique galaxy drifting through the universe, each with it's own billions of stars, and approximately one planet orbiting each of those stars. That's billions and billions and billions of worlds.
And yet decades' worth of missions by Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI), an organization which listens for signs of life in space, have come up completely empty handed. Every. Single. One.
Physicist Enrico Fermi is famous for posing the natural question that follows: Where is everybody?The scale of the universe and basic math tell us alien life must be common, yet there's no evidence for it.
Welcome to the Fermi paradox.
Philosophers, physicists, and astronomers have tried to answer the Fermi paradox since its unofficial inception in 1950. Even Edward Snowden, a digital surveillance expert and former NSA contractor, recently shared their best explanation on StarTalk, astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson's podcast.
These and other answers proposed by experts are deeply unsettling — especially if you spend too much time researching them, like I did.
Keep scrolling down to get a little background on why it's so inconceivable we are utterly alone in the universe, and why it's so spooky we have yet to hear from anyone.
Exactly 1 year later — too much love is never enough
On year ago tonight, Temple of the Dog took the stage at Madison Square Garden in New York City. It was show number three of an eight-date, North American run. A historic tour — as for the first time in 25 years, the super-band would reunite and perform their iconic self-titled record from 1991, with a few classic covers sprinkled in between.
A piano instrumental of “Man of Golden Words” from Mother Love Bone guided the Seattle icons to the stage before the opening notes of “Say Hello 2 Heaven” graced euphoric crowds. Over the next two hours, audiences in every city sang along, danced, and marveled at a history before them that many never thought they'd see. Furthermore, you saw the love and brotherhood of musicians who had each others back for 25 years strong.
As each night concluded with the album closer, “All Night Thing”, a rush of joy would permeate the venue. You bottled it up and took it home. The emotion was everlasting. In part because you were so grateful to have been within the experience, but also because you saw how happy this opportunity seemed to make the guys on stage.
“Love heals all wounds in time”
“And the time turns around through the walls that surround”
“I had a dream the other night…”
“People I choose, I know myself”
“But it's on the table, the fire's cooking”
“Carry back in my hand to the promised land”
“Now I've got room to spread my wings and my messages of love”
“Well I walked along, feeling at ease”
“I'll call you beautiful”
“Now it seems like too much love is never enough”
All photos by Paul Lorkowski, featured with permission.
If you enjoyed, please recommend below and sign up for the AW newsletter
Follow Artist Waves on: Facebook, Twitter & Medium
~ follow Jeff Gorra | twitter @JeffGorra |JeffGorra@ArtistWaves.com
https://upscri.be/de3ab8/
JERUSALEM - Egypt temporarily suspended its natural gas supply to Israel as a security precaution after an explosion at a terminal in the northern Sinai Peninsula, Israel radio said Saturday.
The head of Egypt's natural gas company said the explosion at the el-Arish gas terminal was triggered by "a small amount of gas leaking," the Associated Press reported. State television initially reported that sabotage was suspected.
The blast set off a fire that could be seen for dozens of miles. The regional governor, Abdel Wahab Mabrouk, said the fire was brought under control by mid-morning, the AP reported. Technicians had to shut off valves controlling the flow of natural gas from the terminal into pipelines transporting gas to Israel, Syria and Jordan.
Israeli radio said that the explosion damaged a pipeline to Jordan, not to Israel, but that the supply to Israel was cut off as a temporary precaution.
Israelis have worried in recent days about the possibility of a cutoff of natural gas shipments from Egypt as a result of the turmoil and political uncertainty there.
"Following the pipeline explosion in [Egypt], the security establishment has taken steps to beef up security at all installations related to the supply of gas to Israel," Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak's office said in a statement Saturday.
Israel's main electricity company said service to residences would not be interrupted.
Egypt sells Israel 60 billion cubic feet of natural gas a year under a 15-year deal that began in February 2008, according to the AP.
The family of an American man who died trying to beat their speed record are suing Strava for encouraging them to speed.
William ‘Kim' Flint, from Oakland, had just lost their Strava ‘King of the Mountains' title on a local downhill stretch when they crashed into a car nearly two years ago, apparently trying to keep their record.
A lawsuit was filed in San Francisco on Monday by their family against the San Francisco-based Strava -- a website that hosts virtual races and rewards winners who use a GPS system to track their own time on short stretches of road against competitors.
"His family basically wants justice for him," Susan Kang, the Flint family's attorney told abc news.
Flint's speed in Grizzly Peak was at least 10 miles above the posted speed limit of 30 mph. They had learned via Strava that another cyclist had clocked a better time. They were fatally injured when they suddenly braked to avoid a car and their bike flipped over.
The lawsuit accuses Strava of negligence.
"They assume no responsibility. They don't put cones out. They don't have anybody monitor and see whether a course, or a specific segment, is dangerous," said Kang. They added that if Strava knows a segment is dangerous, it should be removed from the site.
Strava spokesperson Mark Riedy issued a statement saying, "The death of Kim Flint was a tragic accident, and we expressed our sincere condolences when it occurred in 2010. Based on the facts involved in the accident and the law, there is no merit to this lawsuit."
According to prosecutors, the man who killed a pensioner in San Francisco and could now face up to six years in jail was also tracking their speed using Strava.
Steal Like An Artist : 10 Things Nobody Told You about Being Creative by Austin Kleon is a quick read that gives good instructions, healthy encouragement and real advice to any budding artist (i.e. creative types) while maintaning a good balance of quirkiness and humor.
10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative
1. Steal like an artist
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different.
Austin argues that creative work builds on what came before, and thus nothing is completely original. They advise us to look at the things this world has as either worth stealing or not worth stealing. Steal the things that will help make you (or your business) stand out. The author adds that they do not mean ‘steal' as in degrade, skim,imitate or rip off — but study, honor, remix, transform and credit.
You are, in fact, a mashup of what you choose to let into your life.
2. Don't wait until you know who you are to get started
Don't just steal the style, steal the thinking behind the style. You don't want to look like your heroes, you want to see like your heroes. The reason to copy your heroes and their style is so that you might somehow get a glimpse into their minds. That's what you really want — to internalize their way of looking at the world. If you just mimic the surface of somebody's work without understanding where they are coming from, your work will never be anything more than a knockoff.
In a world that is changing every day, it is too hard to find out who we are before we start taking action. So, Austin urges us to just go with it until we actually figure it out.
You have to start doing the work you want to be doing by copying your heroes; then, go beyond imitation to emulation and finally, you will end up with your own version of the thing you want to be doing.
Start copying what you love. Copy copy. At the end of the copy you will find your self.
3. Write the book you want to read
Write the book you want to read.
Draw the art you want to see, start the business you want to run, play the music you want to hear, write the books you want to read, build the products you want to use — do the work you want to see done.
It's important to create things that you will use instead of something for someone else. Austin claims that if you do that, even in the worst case scenario you will have one customer — yourself.
4. Use your hands
Picture Credit : The Nectar Collective
Kleon reminds us that creativity peaks when we involve all of our senses. Hence, it's important to deviate away from the computer screen and to immerse in actual physical work to help kick-start our brains into action e.g. play guitar, cook or bake, etc.
Computers have robbed us of the feeling that we're actually making things.
5. Side projects and hobbies are important
One thing I've learned in my brief career: It's the side projects that really take off. By side projects I mean the stuff that you thought was just messing around. Stuff that's just play. That's actually the good stuff. That's when the magic happens.
By keeping your passions alive through side projects and hobbies, you become more creative in your actual work that pays. You don't need to make money with everything you do.
A hobby is something that gives but doesn't take.
6. Share your work with people
Sharing your work and even your thoughts about what you like to help you get good feedback and more ideas.
The secret: Do good work and share it with people.
7. Geography is no longer our master
Your brain gets too comfortable in your everyday surroundings. You need to make it uncomfortable. You need to spend some time in another land, among people that do things differently than you. Travel makes the world look new, and when the world looks new, our brains work harder.
Distance and difference are the secret tonic of creativity.
8. Be nice
Life's a marathon, not a sprint. Stop fighting and competing. Channel your rage into a creative pursuit. make friends, ignore enemies. Show appreciation for the good things you see around you. Be grateful.
There's only one rule I know of: You've got to be kind.
9. Be boring
Routines (i.e being boring) are important to make sure you are using your valuable brain cells and scarce creative capacity on the tasks that matter.
Establishing and keeping a routine can be even more important than having a lot of time.
10. Creativity is subtraction
Nothing is more paralysing than the idea of limitless possibilities. The best way to get over creative block is to simply place some constraints on yourself.
In this age of information abundance and overload, those who get ahead will be the folks who figure out what to leave out, so they can concentrate on what's really important to them. A good example of substracting to create awesomeness is Dr Seuss, who wrote their bestselling book with only 50 different words. Saul Steinberg says a work of art represents a struggle against limitations.
“Creativity isn't just the things we choose to put in, it's the things we choose to leave out,”
Twitter
Twitter has revamped its "quote tweet" functionality to let users say more about the original message they are retweeting.
The overhaul will now embed the original tweet instead of displaying it as a text version, the company announced late Monday. The tweak will also allow Twitter users to add 116 characters of commentary in addition to the 140-character limit of the quoted tweet.
The update addresses a key complaint that Twitter users had with the quote tweet function, namely that it formerly left little or no room for other users to add commentary to retweets, defeating its purpose. The new functionality underscores Twitter's push to increase user engagement with the product -- something investors hope will translate into increased advertising revenue.
Say more with revamped quote Tweet! Rolling out on iPhone and web, coming soon to Android. https://t.co/Bcl3E859ne pic.twitter.com/fioAPPi0nW -- Twitter (@twitter) April 6, 2015
The social network announced a new feature in August that would surface tweets for users from accounts they don't follow -- a significant departure from its traditional practice of showing users only tweets from accounts they follow, as well as retweets and promoted tweets. With the same goal of increased engagement in mind, Twitter announced a new feature in January called Recap that recycles tweets deemed most relevant that were originally posted while users "were away" that they might not otherwise see.
Twitter said in February that 288 million people now actively use the service every month, up from the 284 million it reported in the third quarter. While Wall Street had looked for 295 monthly active users, investors welcomed the news, sending shares up more than 23 percent in the past two months.
Twitter began rolling out the update to Web and iPhone users on Monday, according to Mike Davidson, vice president of design at Twitter. An Android version is promised to be "coming soon."
P&O is demanding urgent action by the French authorities to improve security in the port of Calais and prevent a repeat of the break-in last night which saw hundreds of migrants trying to storm onto ferries bound for Britain.
The ferry company questioned whether more could have been done more to prevent the mass security breach, claiming it was an “extraordinary coincidence” that so many migrants were able to get past guards on the same day the mayor of Calais threatened to blockade the port unless Britain did more to help deal with the spiralling migrant population.
Ships in the port had to lock their doors, raise the ramps and even use fire hoses to prevent a group of about 100 migrants trying to force their way onto vessels on Wednesday afternoon.
The group forced a gate and climbed over fences, evading security staff, before trying to run up the main ramp onto the ships.
A second attempt to force another entry into the port failed, as 150 migrants gathered around the entrances to the dock were stopped by police.
The captain of the P&O ferry Spirit of Britain spotted a large group of migrants running towards the berths in Calais yesterday as they were about to dock.
Port control advised them not to moor the ship so they remained in the inner harbour.
The crew of the MyFerryLink Berlioz, which was berthed, used fire hoses to halt migrants who were running up the loading ramp towards the ship.
Police then moved in and rounded up the migrants before evicting them from the port while all the ships were checked for stowaways.
This came just hours after Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart threatened to shut down the French port unless Britain did more to help manage the growing number of migrants gathering around the town.
Ramps were raised to prevent the migrants boarding ferries ( Mark Salt)
A spokesperson for P&O which is the port of Calais' biggest customer, said: “It is extraordinary that such a large number of people managed to get through security at the port on the very day the mayor of Calais was talking about staging a blockage.
“It could an extraordinary coincidence but there's no doubt the mayor of Calais has succeeded, without a blockage, in getting this story very high on the UK news agenda.
“I think whatever that background the issue has been very clearly made in the UK to the public and the government that the people of Calais are unhappy with what is happening.
“It's a sign of their exasperation.
“Over the year since the closing of Sangatte there's always been a migrant population in Calais but this summer is having ballooned, we have never seen a population like this.”
They said the company had written to the French government and Calais Chamber of Commerce urging them to improve security measures around the port, which has seen its migrant population explode this summer.
“We have been putting pressure on the French authorities to ensure port security is maintained properly,” they said.
“We are of course concerned that it might happen again and we have seen some extraordinary events over the last few peak weekends with migrants running amok on the motorway outside the port when queues have formed prior to the UKBA controls.
“They have tried, often successfully, to gain access to freight vehicles and have also been targeting caravans and motorhomes. We have asked the French authorities to do more to prevent such interference.”
But the French authorities insist Britain must do more to help them control the burgeoning migrant population which has now reached about 1,300, according to police.
Speaking to reporters yesterday Ms Bouchart said they "could take the decision to block the port" after meeting French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve in Paris.
"It would be illegal, but today I want to make a strong gesture towards the British," they said.
The mayor complained their city was being "taken hostage" by the migrants, mostly from East Africa, due to British immigration policy which meant it was "considered as an Eldorado".
Ms Bouchart said British authorities could not keep demanding better security at Calais without paying more towards the 10 million euro (£8 million) annual cost.
<noframe>Twitter: Natacha BOUCHART - Have we got to block the port for English to react?What have we got to do for English to listen to us?<a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23Calais" target="_blank">#Calais</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23migrants" target="_blank">#migrants</a> Cc : <a href="http://www.twitter.com/David_Cameron" target="_blank">@David_Cameron</a></noframe>
Cazeneuve, who was in London last Friday, had called on the British to help finance security at the port, a ministerial source said.
The UK Border Force claims it is already working with the Calais authorities to improve security.
A Border Force spokesperson said: "Security at the UK border is our priority, and we continue to strengthen it to stop those who have no right to enter the UK.
"We have already made improvements to security at Calais, working with the French authorities.
"We have, for instance, upgraded vehicle scanning equipment with the latest technology to detect people hiding in lorries and tankers and have increased the number of body detection dogs stationed at Calais.
"We will continue to bolster security, and the Home Secretary met the French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve last week to discuss this important work.
"The ramps to the ferries were immediately raised when a number of migrants entered the port today, and none of them were able to board.
"The incident was quickly brought under control and the French police apprehended all those involved. All freight vehicles inside the port at the time have been rescreened by Border Force.”
The P&O spokesperson described the growing make-shift migrant camps around Calais as a “humanitarian crisis” and said it required collective action from all European countries.
“There is no Sangatte now, there are only charitable soup kitchens, there is no proper shelter for them, they are literally living under tarpaulin and plastic, the amount of rubbish is disgusting - it is an inhuman situation which needs to be dealt with on humanitarian grounds if nothing else,” they said.
“The Calais authorities cannot cope with the humanitarian crisis they are facing.
“It is almost impossible to walk around the port area without bumping into huge groups of these people.
They added: “We understand and feel the people of Calais' pain and see the scale of the issue they are dealing with.
“There needs to be some over-arching political solution to this because it is not just an issue for Calais and Britain, it is a pan-European issue. It is about stemming the flow across Europe of people trying to get to the UK.”
Bouchart and Cazeneuve have agreed to open a day centre for immigrants in Calais and a night shelter for women and children.
Most of the migrants are from Eritrea or Somalia and are hoping to reach England rather than seek asylum in France.
People fleeing war-torn Syria are adding to the rising numbers.
A woman told of their shock when an illegal immigrant jumped out of their car boot on Thursday morning after they returned home from Spain having travelled through the Channel Tunnel.
Sue Taber spotted the young man hiding in their Fiat Panda when they opened their boot to let them two dogs out after parking outside their home in Shepherdswell, Kent.
The young man, aged 18 to 20, fled but was later arrested by police who handed them to the immigration authorities.
They said: “I can't believe I was in there all that time and I managed to get through passport control and everything else with a stowaway on board.
"I'm still shaking. You just can't believe it could happen to you. I've got a Fiat Panda for goodness sake, with two dogs in the back."
A team of addiction specialists published a commentary in the Sept 21, 2015 issue of the Canadian Medical Association Journal calling on Canadian legislators to reconsider cannabis prohibition.
"We're hoping to provide some direction to policy-makers in Canada to encourage them to rethink their current policies around cannabis, to move away from prohibition because it doesn't work and has a lot of harms associated with it," Dr. Sheryl Spithoff, co-author of the commentary, told CBC News.
Dr. Spithoff suggests that legalization will help control the supplies and sales of cannabis.
The commentary challenges Prime Minister Stephen Harper's staunch opposition to legalization. And it may bolster the fortunes of Justin Trudeau and Thomas Mulcair, Harper's opponents in the upcoming election Oct 19. Trudeau supports legalization and Mulcair decriminalization.
However, Dr. Spithoff and their colleagues are wary of the cannabis market because of the focus on profit, rather than public health.
"A frequently cited concern with legalization is that it will allow the rise of Big Cannabis, similar to Big Tobacco and Big Alcohol," the published commentary states. "These powerful multinational corporations have revenues and market expansion as their primary goals, with little consideration of the impact on public health. They increase tobacco and alcohol use by lobbying for favourable regulations and funding huge marketing campaigns. It is important that the regulations actively work against the establishment of Big Cannabis."
Dana Larsen of Sensible BC, a Canadian advocacy group for marijuana reform, applauds the recommendation to create a legal, regulated market. "It's better than prohibition," they told Civilized. "Prohibition means you have no control over it at all. If you want control, you have to legalize."
Larsen wants to see regulation focus on health instead of business: "We should regulate it to make people have access to a clean and healthy product," they said, noting that prohibition means there's no control over pesticides and other chemicals used in the cultivation of cannabis. "Right now, the law is much more harmful than cannabis."
Asked if Canada should prevent Big Cannabis from sprouting up in Canada, Larsen flatly disagreed: I think it's good if cannabis becomes a big industry."
California's long-running drought just keeps on going.
Despite hopes that a rainy December would ease conditions in the parched state, drought conditions came surging back in the new year — with a vengeance. Northern California is currently in the midst of its driest January on record.
San Francisco has seen exactly 0 inches of measurable precipitation so far this month, according to the National Weather Service. You can see from the highlighted column in this data table that every day in January has been the same: no rain.
National Weather Service
On average, San Francisco receives nearly 4.5 inches of precipitation each January, so a total lack of any rain is both noticeable and alarming. In fact, this will be the first year it's happened since people first started keeping records in 1850, according to the Washington Post. And it's even more shocking when you realize that January is usually the PEAK of the wet season in Northern California.
National Weather Service
Slightly further north, the state's capital of Sacramento has received a grand total of only 0.01 inches of rain this month, in comparison to its usual January average of 3.73 inches. And San Jose is barely ahead of the game, with 0.02 inches of rain so far this month.
In fact, as of January 27, almost the entire state of California remained in a state of extreme or exceptional drought, according to the US Drought Monitor. And much of the western US is also still suffering from various degrees of drought.
After initially refusing to say whether their family was under investigation for inaccurate information on their identity documents, a Liberal cabinet minister now says they aren't being probed by federal immigration officials.
"As far as I know, when an investigation takes place, folks are notified — that is not the case here," Democratic Reform Minister Maryam Monsef told reporters in Ottawa Thursday.
In responding to questions about their true country of birth, Monsef twice made the effort to point out that they are just an ordinary Canadian with an identity document issue and is dealing with that issue like anyone else might.
"Just like any other Canadian, when I realized that some corrections needed to be made to some paperwork l went on the immigration website," they said. "I'm going through that process and I will happily keep you folks updated as I go through it."
Later Thursday on CBC News Network's Power & Politics Monsef continued to employ the same line of defence, telling host Rosemary Barton, "I'm just as Canadian as you are."
The Liberals have proudly touted Monsef's dramatic and compelling personal story of fleeing Afghanistan as a child refugee only to land in Canada and rise to a position in the cabinet of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government.
During their address to Parliament earlier this year, U.S. President Barack Obama mentioned Monsef's journey as an example of why taking in refugees is important and also of what makes Canada a great country.
"Like the girl who fled Afghanistan by donkey and camel and jet plane, and who remembers being greeting in this country by helping hands and the sound of robins singing," said Obama in the House.
"And today they serve in this chamber, and in the cabinet, because Canada is their home."
The Minister of Democratic Reform on reversing Conservatives' changes to voting rules. 9:55
That narrative, however, suffered a blow in late September when the Globe and Mail confronted Monsef with evidence that while they were an Afghan, they were actually born in Iran.
Monsef said they only learned of their place of birth when they were approached by the newspaper.
When confronted by the CBC in October, Monsef said that they had "been forthright and I will continue to be with this situation. I am working on the matter and will keep you updated."
But when they were asked if their family was under investigation for misrepresenting their place of birth on their Canadian passport application, they refused to answer, instead saying they were working to fix the situation before walking away from the microphone.
"This is a very personal matter for my family and I assure you the work that needs to be worked on, we are working on," they said.
Monsef questioned on whether they are facing an investigation by Canadian immigration officials . 1:22
The matter of whether Monsef is under investigation is significant, because Canadians who have misrepresented information on their passport applications have, in some cases, had their citizenship revoked.
Some have wondered if Monsef has received special treatment because they are a member of cabinet.
According to immigration lawyer Lorne Waldman, someone whose birthplace has been misrepresented on a passport application, even if it was done accidentally, can face deportation.
Waldman is part of a group that launched a constitutional challenge to a law brought in by the Conservatives that would allow the government to strip the citizenship of someone in Monsef's situation, without a hearing.
They argued that the courts should impose a moratorium on the practice of stripping citizenship in these cases on the grounds that Bill-C-24 was unconstitutional, because there is no right to appeal a decision made by immigration officials.
That case was lost in Federal Court. Judge Russel Zinn ruled that because each individual can seek a stay, or a temporary suspension, any order to strip citizenship is therefore an "avoidable harm."
"It may be new in Canadian politics to have somebody like me in this position, but my story is the story of millions of people around the world," Monsef told Barton. "Just like any other Canadian would, I am, and I will, keep you updated."
There's some good mojo working on Cherokee Street for fans of quirky bars and good food. The recently-shuttered Little Dipper sandwich shop will re-open November 5th in a space-sharing arrangement with The Fortune Teller Bar that will benefit both businesses.
The Fortune Teller will focus on beer, booze, cocktails, and camaradie. “We know how to sell booze,” FTB's co-owner Matt Thenhaus says. “We just never knew much about running a kitchen profitably. We're working with someone who can do what we can't.”
Little Dipper's chef/owner Tanya Brown is eager to serve their comfort-food menu from the popular sandwich shop. She'll rotate weekly specials featuring favorites from the Fortune Teller's original menu as well.
× Expand Tanya Brown and Matt Thenhaus stand in solidarity, each wearing a t-shirt from the other's business
Although the kitchen at the Fortune Teller will be closed for the next three weeks, bar service – and fortune tellers with Tarot cards – will continue each night. “We're updating the kitchen to work with the Little Dipper menu,” Brown says. Neighboring restaurants will hold pop-ups at the bar to feed hungry drinkers.
The Little Dipper kitchen will open with a triple-threat party on November 5th. “We're celebrating our fourth year in business, the same month The Little Dipper will mark its first anniversary,” Thenhaus says. “The Jazz Crawl is happening in the neighborhood that day, so it'll be work-work-work until then and party-party-party that day.”
The popular street party starts with a second line down Cherokee Street (when people dance down the streets in New Orleans waving kerchiefs and twirling umbrellas following the first line, i.e., the band that secured the parade permit). The Fortune Teller will host Wack-a-Doo from 12:30 until around 3. “You'll find music in places that don't usually have music all up and down the street,” Thenhaus says.
The Little Dipper will be ready to feed them, too, with customer favorites like the original Little Dipper (a hot Chicago-style Italian beef sandwich), and the Deli Lama (below).
× Expand Deli Lama: house-smoked turkey, Italian beef and candied bacon, with Roma tomato, red onion, house-made pickles, mixed greens, and white cheddar with a garlic mayo drizzle on garlic toasted French baguette.
“This is like a dream come true for me,” Brown says. “I put my heart and soul into The Little Dipper and couldn't be more excited to continue the adventure on Cherokee Street. I definitely lucked out finding my spot with the Fortune Teller Bar family.”
It was in the cards. The stars aligned and brought two forces for good together on Cherokee Street.
Fortune Teller Bar
2635 Cherokee
314-776-2337
Website
Facebook
Twitter
Earlier this month Rockstar announced that it would be giving GTA Online players $500,000 of in-game currency to make up for the title's rocky launch. That money was expected to be available not long after a recent title update, but due to ongoing technical problems the developer has decided to delay the cash gift. "We of course want to ensure that game progress loss issues are sufficiently sorted before distributing the GTA$ to everyone," Rockstar explained. "We have a few more tweaks and fixes to make in a new title update that will hit sometime next week and then we will distribute the cash." No specific date was given, but considering GTA Online's ongoing troubles, you may want to just stick to playing Grand Theft Auto V in single-player for now.
Robert Barnes is The Washington Post's Supreme Court correspondent.
The first time the Affordable Care Act came before the Supreme Court, its constitutional foundation under attack, John G. Roberts Jr. was its unlikely savior. In a spectacular display of spot-welding, the chief justice joined fellow conservatives on some points and brought liberals on board for others. Roberts was the only member of the court to endorse the entire jerry-rigged thing, and even they made sure to distance themselves from the substance of the law. (“It is,” they wrote, “not our job to protect the people from the consequences of their political choices.”) Still, their efforts rescued President Obama's signature achievement on grounds that many had dismissed as an afterthought.
As long as Justice Anthony M. Kennedy is on the court, they will most often be the decider when the justices split along their familiar ideological fault lines. But, slowly and quietly, Roberts is the one trying to build its legacy. They see it as somehow exempt from the partisan fugue that long ago enveloped Washington. Justice Stephen G. Breyer has worried that the public might see them and their colleagues as “nine junior-varsity politicians”; public approval of the Supreme Court is falling. But while all of the justices bristle at the notion of a political court, the eponymous head of the Roberts court has the most to lose. After all, its decisions cannot be respected if the court is not respected. “It is a very serious threat to the independence and integrity of the courts to politicize them,” Roberts said at their 2005 confirmation hearings.
Roberts, 60, jokes about the “odd historical quirk” that gives the chief justice only one vote. But they have learned to use the tools that come with the job: They shape the discussion at conference; they write the court's opinion, or assigns it strategically, when they are in the majority; he's happy to settle for nonthreatening, incremental changes that may bloom later into something more. And last term, what Roberts has described as the chief justice's “particular obligation to try to achieve consensus” paid off. The share of unanimous decisions soared to 66 percent, a level not seen since the 1940s. The share of 5-to-4 decisions, high during Roberts's tenure compared with those of other chief justices, fell to 14 percent, the lowest since they joined the court.
And then here comes Obamacare II. In King v. Burwell , to be argued Wednesday, plaintiffs say the text of the law must be interpreted in a way that would neuter it, canceling health insurance subsidies for about 7.5 million Americans in at least 34 states. Can Roberts's portrayal of the Supreme Court as above politics survive another round with the most partisan issue of the decade?
Roberts, of course, has not ceased to be a conservative. Before Obamacare — or since — it's hard to think of a case in which they have not voted the way conservative activists had hoped when they recommended them to President George W. Bush. The Roberts court has been described as the most pro-business in history. Its liberals complain that consumers are on a losing streak and that the court has imposed new roadblocks for those trying to prove discrimination.
And when the issue is important to the chief justice, or when there seems to be no chance for compromise, they have been decisive. In a suite of cases, for instance, the court has systematically dismantled campaign finance restrictions, calling them hostile to free speech rights — Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission being the most famous of several 5-to-4 votes. Roberts wrote the majority opinion in the most recent, which featured the Republican National Committee as a plaintiff.
They have also forcefully opposed the government's use of racial classifications, and they wrote to strike down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act. Roberts, unlike Kennedy or even Justice Antonin Scalia, had never been the lone conservative to join the court's liberals to make a majority in a major case — until the Affordable Care Act.
Yet chief justices tend not to see the court as a vehicle for advancing their unadulterated ideas. A transformation came over Roberts's predecessor and mentor, William H. Rehnquist, after becoming chief. As an associate justice, Rehnquist wrote so many solo dissents that their clerks awarded them a Lone Ranger doll. But like chief justices before him, in their new role they felt a responsibility to guard the court's precedents and image. The most famous example is their metamorphosis on the Miranda rule, requiring police officers to read suspects their rights. For years, Rehnquist had denounced the rule as constitutionally unsound. But after their ascent they voted to uphold it, saying the warnings “have become part of our national culture.”
Roberts came to the court as chief, so there is no similar evolution to judge. But those who know them say their vision of the responsibilities of the chief is paramount. “Associate Justice Roberts would be much closer to Scalia than Chief Justice Roberts is in terms of their approach to cases,” says one lawyer, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they argue Supreme Court cases. Anticipating this approach, Roberts pledged themselves to the principle of stare decisis at their confirmation hearings and preached a gospel of judicial modesty, saying they came with “no agenda.”
While they can't change Washington's partisan warfare, Roberts does what they can to avoid becoming a weapon in it, those who know them say. Unlike their colleagues, they do not give interviews. They avoid partisan gatherings such as the Federalist Society's annual gala (where Scalia and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. take turns providing the after-dinner remarks) or the American Constitution Society (where Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor have been honored). Even the bipartisan Gridiron Dinner, where the nation's political elite gather for gentle roasts, may have proved too much for Roberts: There's always a seat at the head table for the chief justice of the United States, but this one hasn't attended since 2009.
Their protection of the court's image extends to their colleagues. In the first Affordable Care Act case, conservative activists and pols demanded that Justice Elena Kagan recuse themselves because of their work as Obama's solicitor general, while liberal groups called for Thomas to step aside because their wife is a prominent conservative activist. Roberts, without specifically mentioning either, tried to shut down those complaints in their annual “state of the judiciary” report that year. “I have complete confidence in the capability of my colleagues to determine when recusal is warranted,” they wrote. “They are jurists of exceptional integrity and experience whose character and fitness have been examined through a rigorous appointment and confirmation process.”
But the consensus compulsion is clearest when the court issues narrow opinions. With Obamacare, for instance, Roberts bobbed and weaved, agreeing with conservatives that Congress had exceeded its power to regulate interstate commerce but also siding with liberals to save the individual mandate by calling it a tax. In the last term, narrow rulings made it possible for the court to unite, at least on the bottom line, in striking down abortion-clinic buffer zones in Massachusetts and rejecting efforts to restrict class-action suits alleging security fraud.
Their efforts are not universally revered. “John Roberts, Thy Name Is Traitor,” one conservative news site blared after the Obamacare decision. Glenn Beck offered T-shirts with Roberts's smiling face and the word “COWARD” underneath. John Yoo, a former Justice Department official in the George W. Bush administration, wrote that this coming week's challenge gives Roberts a chance to “atone.” Scalia, a frequent Roberts ally, once mocked Roberts's “faux judicial modesty.” And in last term's case on the buffer zones, they dismissed the chief's majority opinion as “Something for Everyone.”
Roberts insists that the nation's poisonous political climate, rather than anything the justices have done, is to blame for damage to the court's reputation. But they live in a universe with a gridlocked Congress, a combative president who calls out the court at their State of the Union address and colleagues identified as often by party affiliation as by their judicial philosophies. “Today's partisan split, while unprecedented, is likely enduring,” says a study of the court by professors Neal Devins of William & Mary and Lawrence Baum of Ohio State. “A five-member Democratic Court will reach sets of decisions that are quite different from those of a five-member Republican Court.”
Perhaps then political tensions are simply inescapable. But paradoxically, the court is hard to characterize precisely because of its close balance. The Roberts court has found rights for Guantanamo detainees; ruled that the Second Amendment secures an individual right to keep guns; handed gay rights activists some of their most important victories; drastically cut back on the ability of legislatures to restrict campaign contributions; and narrowed the options for punishing juvenile defendants. Alternating liberal and conservative victories on this term's two most important cases — gay marriage and health care — offer similar chances for “balance” when the justices complete their work this June.
The court's conflicting messages usually depend on Kennedy siding either with the conservative justices or the liberal ones. But about two-thirds of the time, the Reagan appointee finds their natural home on the right. And while such snapshots can be misleading, in the last term Roberts agreed with Kennedy more than any other justice did. Kennedy was on the winning side in more opinions than any of their colleagues; Roberts was right behind.
This hardly means that either side sees the court as a neutral arbiter. Most liberal analysts praised Roberts's first Obamacare decision, but some forecast that their reasoning would be used to secure conservative victories in the future. Others speculated that it gave Roberts “cover” to move on to issues about which they felt more strongly. They felt vindicated a year later when they sided with their conservative colleagues and wrote the 5-to-4 opinion striking down a crucial component of the Voting Rights Act.
Roberts appears to know this. At an appearance at the University of Nebraska law school last fall, they talked about how gridlock between Obama and congressional Republicans means collateral damage for the nine justices, too. “I don't want it to spill over and affect us,” they said. “We are not Democrats and Republicans in how we go about it, and in nine years I've never seen any political issue like that arise between us.” They worried that the near-party-line confirmation of “somebody as eminently qualified as our newest member,” Kagan, could suggest that people perceive the court, too, as a political body.
It is a perception that, despite Roberts's zealous labors, the court could soon reinforce, at least on the left. “A 5-to-4 decision invalidating the premium tax credits” in King v. Burwell “would seriously call into question the legitimacy of the court,” Tim Jost, a Washington and Lee University law professor and health-care expert, said in a video distributed by the liberal Center for American Progress. “I think it's going to be [decided] pretty transparently for political reasons.”
Read more from Outlook:
Five myths about King v. Burwell
“Jihadi John,” a graduate of my radical university
Follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
A report released today by Dan Gilbert's Rock Ventures LLC says the economic impact of its planned redevelopment of the half-built Wayne County Consolidated Jail site and building the county a new criminal justice complex a few miles north totals $2.39 billion for Southeast Michigan.
The 14-page report, completed by the University of Michigan Center for Sport & Policy and commissioned by Detroit-based Rock Ventures, says the redevelopment of 15-acre Gratiot Avenue property into a Major League Soccer stadium and three high-rise buildings for residential, office and hotel use is expected to cost $1.462 billion while Gilbert's plan to build a new criminal justice complex for the county at I-75 and East Forest Avenue would cost $420 million, bringing that expected investment to $1.882 billion.
The analysis projects one-third of the costs to be labor and two-thirds to be materials.
“This study does nothing to sway my thinking," Wayne County Executive Warren Evans said in a statement. "My standard for Rock's proposal has been absolutely clear: Is Rock prepared to build the county a criminal justice complex in a timely fashion, with buildings that meet our needs, at a price Wayne County can afford? If they can't meet that standard, everything else is irrelevant. This study moves us no closer to answering that fundamental question."
The total economic impact, when factoring in indirect and other effects, is $2.39 billion supporting 32,133 jobs during construction of the new criminal justice complex, stadium and high-rises, according to the report.
The impact of finishing the half-built jail is $352 million and would support 3,810 jobs, the report says.
The economic impact tally for the Rock projects comes from $977.4 million in materials, assuming 75 percent of them are purchased in Michigan, and $1.412 billion in labor.
The report also says the stadium and high-rise developments would support 2,106 permanent jobs, which would generate $4.9 million in state and $1.5 million in Detroit income taxes each year. During the five-year construction time frame, $51.9 million in state and local income taxes would be generated, the report says, with $44.8 million going to the state and $7.1 million going to the city.
Matt Cullen, principal of Rock Ventures, told Crain's in February that if Rock's proposal is not accepted, it would look for other sites for an MLS stadium. Gilbert also said in media interviews that month that if Wayne County accepts Rock's offer, but Gilbert and Gores do not get an MLS team, a mixed-use development would be built on the jail site, without the stadium.
Since 2010, when Gilbert moved their Quicken Loans Inc. employees and others to the downtown core, they have emerged as the biggest real estate force Detroit, buying buildings and proposing sweeping new developments, including for the former J.L. Hudson's department store site on Woodward Avenue and the MLS stadium project with Detroit Pistons owner Tom Gores.
In February, Rock Ventures submitted its proposal to the county.
Evans' administration has hired consultants to evaluate the Rock Ventures proposal, while Walsh Construction is expected to submit a plan for completing the Gratiot Avenue jail by next month.
The proposal calls for a 1,600-bed jail for adults (with a county option for 400 more beds for $43 million more) and a 160-bed jail for juveniles, along with a courthouse, sheriff's office, prosecutor's office and surface parking. The new courthouse would include 25 courtrooms and judges' chambers.
The new criminal justice complex would cost $420 million, but Rock says it would do it for $300 million "in exchange for the transfer of the Gratiot Avenue property and a credit for the savings a new consolidated criminal justice complex will provide."
The jail project was halted four years ago when cost overruns pushed the price tag from $220 million to an estimated $391 million. The complex was designed to consolidate Wayne County's criminal justice facilities in downtown Detroit.
The report comes as the Michigan House of Representatives considers legislation that could give the project tax incentives.
In Lansing, Gilbert and a statewide coalition known as MI Thrive is pressing legislation that would allow developers to capture a portion of sales and income taxes to help fund so-called "transformational" developments in cities large and small.
The private investment threshold for Detroit is $500 million. The Michigan Senate passed the legislation in February; the House Tax Policy Committee held a hearing on the bills last month.
The report says that it had not yet been determined whether Rock Ventures would seek the "transformational" designation for the project.
By Neil Patrick Healy
How many of you are picking Nevada to win against Arizona? Not many of you, huh? OK then, how many of you think the game will be close? Yeah, I didn't think so. Yes, Nevada goes up against a team that won 10 games last season and won the deep Pac-12 South with then first-year quarterback Anu Solomon throwing for 3,793 yards with 28 touchdowns and nine interceptions. The Wildcats also return sophomore running back Nick Wilson (1,375 yards and 16 touchdowns in 2014) and junior wide receiver Cayleb Jones (78 catches, 1,103 yards and 10 touchdowns in 2014) to add to their steamroller offense. Beating the Wildcats will be extremely difficult, but don't think it's impossible.
Leading the Pack
Nevada ran the ball well last week against UC Davis, and senior running back Don Jackson is a major reason why. Out of Nevada's 232 rushing yards, Jackson had 124 on 13 carries and two touchdowns with a staggering 9.5 YPC average. What makes Jackson's outing more impressive is that they didn't play the entire fourth quarter. With Arizona's All-American linebacker Scooby Wright III (awesome name I know) missing the game after undergoing knee surgery, Nevada will be able to run Jackson early and often against the Wildcats weakened front seven.
Stat to watch for
Matthew Keys with their defense team. Image: Sarah Jeong
A defense lawyer for Matthew Keys, a journalist charged with helping Anonymous "hack" the LA Times website, told a jury on Tuesday that their client was not guilty because they neither intended to cause damage, nor actually caused the amount of damage that the government alleges.
"Matthew Keys did not know as much as the government says they knew. They did not know the true capabilities of the others in the chatroom with him," defense attorney Jay Leiderman said during opening arguments.
A major issue in the case, according to Leiderman, is whether what Keys are alleged to have done was "low-level vandalism, or high-level, high-damage hacking." Key has not admitted to anything, and the government must carry the burden of showing they violated the CFAA. Under the sections of the Computer Fraud & Abuse Act that the government is charging Keys with, they must show that Keys caused over $5,000 worth of damage—this is otherwise known as a jurisdictional minimum.
Related: The Trial of Matthew Keys, the Journalist Who Allegedly Aided Anonymous, Begins
The defense will likely argue that the CFAA jurisdictional minimum has not been met, and that the costs for fixing the damage caused were not reasonably incurred, due to the use of overpriced consultants.
The trial began Monday, when prosecutors gave their opening arguments. Due to an unexpectedly long jury selection, the defense's opening arguments were moved to the following day.
The specific conduct alleged in the indictment involves, among a few other things, a briefly defaced internet article. Keys is alleged to have posted user credentials for the Tribune Company online content management system (CMS) in an Anonymous IRC channel. Shortly afterwards, an LA Times article was defaced, and according to the defense, the article was reverted to its previous state 40 minutes later.
From the defense's trial brief.
Prosecutors say that the Tribune spent over $5,000 to respond to the "hack."
However, exhibits displayed during the defense's opening arguments show supposed emails from Brandon Mercer, Keys' ex-boss, saying, "If you bill a thousand dollars an hour, that will help us get it prosecuted," suggested the government is misrepresenting the true cost. In another email from the exhibits, Mercer estimated the damage at around $3,800.
Exhibits in opening and closing arguments are not considered to be entered into evidence, unless admitted separately during the rest of the trial, which means that the jury is not yet supposed to weigh these particular emails as relevant facts.
The defense argues that Keys was in the Anonymous IRC channel as a journalist, looking to write up a "headline-grabbing story" about the hacker collective. According to the defense, in December 2010, Anonymous had not yet achieved notoriety as a high-level group of hackers. Keys had no way of knowing at the time that the hackers they were interacting with—Sabu, kayla, and sharpie—would later become infamous. Sabu, also known as Hector Monsegur, became a FBI informant in 2011.
The defense will be taking special care to explain chan culture (the internet subculture coming out of 4chan, which has influenced several groups, including Anonymous) to the jury. Many of the government's exhibits, said Leiderman, were going to be screencaps of "very young people, chatting in rooms," where "the language is coarse and rough" and words are used but they don't mean what is said.
For example, Leiderman specifically pointed out the word "fag," saying that an "IRC expert" would explain its use to the jury. (In chan culture, "fag" is frequently used as a suffix for anyone or anything). Leiderman also attempted to explain the bizarre defacement of the LA Times article, saying that "Chippy thirteen thirty-seven" was "some sort of hacker mascot," before trailing off and quickly changing to a different point.
One point of contention between prosecutors and defense has been the use of the word "anonymous"/ "Anonymous." The lawyers on both sides will now be saying "Capital-A Anonymous" in order to distinguish the hacker collective from the general adjective.
The defense took care to distinguish Keys from that hacker collective. "One thing is indisputable," said Leiderman in their arguments. "Mr. Keys is a journalist. They were invited into the chatroom as a journalist."
Correction, Sept. 30: The third paragraph of this story originally read:
A major issue in the case, according to Leiderman, is whether what Keys did was "low-level vandalism, or high-level, high-damage hacking." Under the sections of the Computer Fraud & Abuse Act that the government is charging Keys with, they must show that Keys caused over $5,000 worth of damage—this is otherwise known as a jurisdictional minimum.
Some read this as meaning that Keys had admitted in court to hacking. No admissions have been made at this time, so the story has been changed to better convey this.
In their first public comments about Michael Flynn pleading guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about their interactions with a Russian official, President Donald Trump reiterated Saturday that their campaign did not collude with Russia during last year's presidential election.
“What has been shown is no collusion. No collusion. There's been absolutely – there's been absolutely no collusion, so we're very happy,” Trump told reporters Saturday morning before departing for a fundraising trip to New York.
The president's comments come the day after their former national security adviser pleaded guilty to lying about their contacts with then-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. In a statement Friday, Flynn said they have agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert Mueller's team in its ongoing investigation into the Kremlin's attempts to influence the 2016 election, including possible coordination with the Trump campaign.
The plea deal marks the first time Mueller's investigation has incriminated someone who worked in the White House and who was personally close to Trump. Unlike previous charges against top Trump campaign aides Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, it actually involved actions taken on Trump's behalf. Another lower-level campaign aide, foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, has also pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. The key question now is what Flynn knows that could incriminate others and what they might have offered in exchange for such a lenient plea deal.
Flynn, who was forced out of the White House after just less than a month on the job, admitted that they lied to the FBI about conversations they had with Kislyak in December. Court records say Flynn contacted the Russian ambassador on Dec. 22 about the Trump administration's opposition to a U.N. resolution against Israeli settlements. Flynn called Kislyak again on Dec. 29 to ask Russia not to escalate an ongoing feud over sanctions imposed the day before by the Obama administration, court records say.
Flynn admitted they were not truthful when asked by the FBI on Jan. 24 about those interactions – and that officials on the president's transition team, including a “very senior member,” knew that they had talked to the Russian ambassador, The Washington Post reported.
That member, who was not identified, directed Flynn to contact officials from foreign governments, including Russia, about the U.N. resolution and told them that blocking it was Trump's top priority, court records say. People familiar with the matter told The Post that that official is the president's son-in-law and top White House adviser, Jared Kushner.
Flynn also admitted that they spoke with another member of the transition team before they talked to Kislyak about U.S. sanctions on Dec. 29, court records say. That senior official is also not identified in court records, but people familiar with the matter told The Post that it is K.T. McFarland, now a nominee for U.S. ambassador to Singapore.
Trump said Saturday that he's not worried about what Flynn would disclose as part of their plea deal with Mueller's team. Asked if they stand by their former national security adviser, Trump said, “We'll see what happens.” Trump had previously advocated for Flynn, even urging then-FBI Director James Comey to be lenient with him, according to testimony Comey gave after Trump fired him.
Trump was greeted in New York by protesters chanting “Lock them up,” a reference to the “Lock their up” rallying cry used by both Trump and Flynn during the 2016 campaign.
Upon arriving at their first event, Trump made no mention of Flynn during their early remarks, before the press was escorted out. Trump instead recounted their election victory last year and touted the early-morning Senate passage of the Republican tax plan – a rare incremental victory for a GOP-led Congress that has struggled to pass Trump's agenda thus far.
The Senate's passage of a $1.5 trillion tax bill followed round-the-clock negotiations and tense standoffs this week. The bill was passed 51 to 49 in the wee hours of Saturday morning with no votes for it from Democrats and Republican Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., voting no as well. Trump predicted Democrats who voted against the plan would pay a price in upcoming elections.
The bill gives massive benefits to the wealthy and to corporate America while delivering mixed blessings to the rest of the country, The Post reported. It will now head for negotiations between the Senate and the House, which passed its own version with key differences. Whatever compromise is reached, both chambers will again have to pass it.
“It was a fantastic evening last night. We passed the largest tax cuts in the history of our country and many other things along with it,” Trump told reporters earlier Saturday. “Now we go on to conference, and something beautiful is going to come out of that mixer. People are going to be very, very happy. They're going to get tremendous, tremendous tax cuts and tax relief, and that's what this country needs.”
—
The Washington Post's Carol D. Leonnig, Adam Entous, Devlin Barrett, Matt Zapotosky and John Wagner contributed to this article.
What Happened, due out in September, will tell their story of the electoral battle with Donald Trump in ‘a deeply intimate account and a cautionary tale for the nation'
Hillary Clinton has promised that they will be “letting [her] guard down” in the most personal book they have yet written: a memoir due out in September that will reveal their thoughts on last year's US presidential election.
“In the past, for reasons I try to explain, I've often felt I had to be careful in public, like I was up on a wire without a net. Now I'm letting my guard down,” writes Clinton in the introduction to What Happened, which was announced by publisher Simon & Schuster on Thursday.
Clinton told US press: “It will also give readers an idea of what it's really like to run for president, especially if you're a woman … Ultimately it's about resilience, how to get back up after a loss.”
Simon & Schuster said the book would cover what it was like to run against Donald Trump, the mistakes Clinton feels they made, and how they coped with losing their bid to be the first female American president in November 2016.
“She speaks about the challenges of being a strong woman in the public eye, the criticism over their voice, age and appearance, and the double standard confronting women in politics,” said the publisher. It had previously announced a book of Clinton's essays for September, but said the book had now evolved into a “full memoir”.
“She lays out how the 2016 election was marked by an unprecedented assault on our democracy by a foreign adversary. By analysing the evidence and connecting the dots, Hillary shows just how dangerous the forces were that shaped the outcome, and why Americans need to understand them to protect our values and our democracy in the future,” said Simon & Schuster. “The election of 2016 was unprecedented and historic. What Happened is the story of that campaign and its aftermath – both a deeply intimate account and a cautionary tale for the nation.”
Clinton is not the only member of their family with a book due to hit the shelves: their husband, Bill, is currently working on a thriller with the bestselling novelist James Patterson. The President Is Missing is out next summer and will, said publisher Penguin Random House, “offer readers a unique amalgam of intrigue, suspense and behind-the-scenes global drama from the highest corridors of power. It will be informed by details that only a president can know.”
As the human rights situation in Turkey worsens, Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesperson Tom Brake has called for Turkey to be suspended from NATO and for the refugee deal between Turkey and the EU to be scrapped.
They said:
Erdoğan's ongoing purge of newspapers, academics, teachers and judges has nothing to do with Turkey's security and everything to do with blocking any opposition to their increasingly authoritarian rule. Today's news that dozens more media outlets have been shut should send shivers down the spine of any person who believes in a free and open society.
The preamble to NATO's founding treaty refers to it being “founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law”, all of which are under threat in Turkey currently.
If the UK and our NATO allies want to protect these core principles, it is time to make it clear to Erdoğan that their actions will have lasting international consequences, and I am calling on NATO to urgently consider suspension of Turkey's membership.
I am also calling for the scrapping of the EU/Turkey refugee deal, as the previous flimsy justifications for the deportation of refugees to Turkey are rendered indefensible by current circumstances.
BOSTON — It's a typical case of: you will and you won't, you can and you can't, you're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't.
U.S. President Barack Obama was not eager to go to war against Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. They conspicuously lacked the braggadocio exhibited by previous presidents on the eve of a fight. Instead, they appeared badgered to act by Senators John McCain and John Kerry, and ultimately by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whose judgment is affected by the 800,000 lives lost in the 1994 Rwanda genocide, a conflict that their husband has regretted failing to address.
On March 19, while announcing they had ordered the air strikes, Obama seemed solemn but oddly remote. Rather than delivering the usual White House speech, they phoned in their remarks from Brazil, conveying that the United States was at war because we had no other choice.
Yet despite this persistent reluctance to fight, the president has been taking fire for the invasion from Capitol Hill.
The attack began from the left, the day the first Tomahawks were launched. In a Democratic Caucus conference call, a group of nine House Democrats “strongly raised objections to the constitutionality of the president's actions,” according to Politico. In the call, Rep. Dennis Kucinich, a liberal Democrat from Ohio, raised the prospect that Obama's move was an impeachable offense, the site reported.
These Democratic barbs were followed by objections delivered via Twitter and press releases from Republicans in recess, including Senators Susan Collins (R-ME), Richard Lugar (R-IN), and Rand Paul (R-KY). There has also been a litany from House Republicans, a crowd that you can imagine brandishing the war on terror and lining up on Fox News to question the patriotism of critics — that is, if the commander-in-chief were Republican.
Representative Roscoe Bartlett was particularly scathing. The Maryland Republican, who chairs the Air and Land Forces Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, wrote “The United States does not have a King's (sic) army.” They noted that the president sought the support of the Arab League and the U.N., and called the lack of Congressional consent “an affront to our Constitution.”
“Failing to obtain authorization from the U.S. Congress means that President Obama has taken sole responsibility for the outcome of using U.S. military forces against [Gaddafi] onto their shoulders and their administration," Bartlett said.
At issue is not necessarily whether these Congressional critics support the war; some do, and others don't. Instead, they object to Obama's failure to get Congress's authorization before deploying the military.
This responsibility is spelled out in the Constitution, but presidents have so commonly ignored it that Congress sought clarification through the War Powers Resolution, passed in 1973 after hostilities in Vietnam dragged on for years without a formal declaration of war from Congress. The War Powers Resolution — passed by two-thirds of lawmakers after being vetoed by President Richard M. Nixon — elucidated that, although the president is commander-in-chief, the power to “introduce United States Armed Forces into hostilities” lies with Congress unless the United States is under attack.
“Few imperatives have been more twisted than the Constitution's language regarding war power,” according to presidential scholar Rick Shenkman, a vice president at VoteIQ and author of Presidential Ambition: Gaining Power at Any Cost. They point out that especially since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, presidents have declined to ask Congress before deploying the military.
“FDR on three occasions before Pearl Harbor confronted Nazi submarines in a quasi-war with Hitler without Congressional approval. At least they finally got a declaration of war after Pearl Harbor. Truman used U.N. authority as the basis for our ‘police action' in Korea. Ike knocked off a couple of governments using the CIA without Congressional authorization, and likewise JFK launched the Bay of Pigs attack against Cuba without it. Bush at least sought Congressional approval for both the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, though they didn't request formal declarations of war,” Shenkman wrote in an email to GlobalPost. (Here's a summary of the difference between a declaration of war and Congressional authorization.)
“Obama is therefore acting just like their predecessors back to FDR,” Shenkman added. “His liberal supporters are in a difficult position, however, given their strong protestations of Bush's conduct. Obama in this sense is stretching their war powers further than Bush did.”
Obama hasn't entirely ignored the War Powers Resolution. On March 21, they sent Congress a letter justifying the Libya attack.
“Left unaddressed, the growing instability in Libya could ignite wider instability in the Middle East, with dangerous consequences to the national security interests of the United States,” Obama argued. (The resolution requires presidents to present Congress with such a justification for hostilities that lack a Congressional declaration of war.)
“I'm providing this report as part of my efforts to keep the Congress fully informed, consistent with the War Powers Resolution. I appreciate the support of the Congress in this action,” Obama's two-page letter concluded.
On Monday, National Security Advisor Thomas Donilon argued that the Libya attack “is a limited — in terms of scope, duration and task — operation, which does fall in the president's authorities,” the New York Times reported.
But neither Donilon's statement nor the letter are likely to settle the matter, which might escalate as Congress returns from recess, especially if the war in Libya drags on or claims American casualties.
Either way, the most troubling criticism that Obama faces comes from a prominent Constitutional scholar, who in 2007 told the Boston Globe: “The president does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.”
That scholar? Senator Barack Obama.
Follow David Case on Twitter: @DavidCaseReport
South Korea is ready to deploy graphite bombs - also known as "blackout bombs" - that will paralyse North Korea's electrical power plants in the event of war breaking out on the peninsula.
Blackout bombs were first used by the United States in Iraq in the 1990 Gulf War and work by releasing a cloud of extremely fine, chemically treated carbon filaments over electrical components. The filaments are so fine that they act like a cloud, but cause short circuits in electrical equipment.
South Korea is actively looking to increase its defensive capabilities against the North and has been keen to develop graphite bombs because they are not lethal to civilians in surrounding areas.
The weapons have been developed by South Korea's Agency for Defence Development, Yonhap news agency reported, as one element of the Kill Chain pre-emptive strike programme.
"All technologies for the development of a graphite bomb led by the ADD have been secured", a military official said. "It is at the stage where we can build the bombs at any time".
By Soultaker on Sunday 29 January 2012 19:18 - Comments (10)
Category: Programming Contests, Views: 22.083
Squished Status
i
i,j
i
i,L
0
i
j
i,j
L
i
i
i
j
L
0
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 from sys import stdin tokens = stdin . read () . split () N = int ( tokens . pop ( 0 )) for n in range ( 1 , N + 1 ): M , S = int ( tokens . pop ( 0 )), tokens . pop ( 0 ) L = len ( S ) C = [ 0 ] * L + [ 1 ] for i in reversed ( range ( L )): if S [ i ] == '0' : continue for j in range ( i + 1 , L + 1 ): if int ( S [ i : j ]) > M : break C [ i ] += C [ j ] C [ i ] %= 0xfaceb00c print ( 'Case # %d : %d ' % ( n , C [ 0 ]))
Recover the Sequence
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 def merge_sort ( arr ): n = len ( arr ) if n <= 1 : return arr mid = n // 2 first_half = merge_sort ( arr [ 0 : mid ]) second_half = merge_sort ( arr [ mid : n ]) return merge ( first_half , second_half ) def merge ( arr1 , arr2 ): global pos result = [] i = j = 0 while i < len ( arr1 ) and j < len ( arr2 ): if S [ pos ] == '1' : result . append ( arr1 [ i ]) i += 1 else : result . append ( arr2 [ j ]) j += 1 pos += 1 result . extend ( arr1 [ i :]) result . extend ( arr2 [ j :]) return result from sys import stdin for t in range ( 1 , int ( stdin . readline ()) + 1 ): N = int ( stdin . readline ()) S = stdin . readline () # Re-execute algorithm: pos = 0 sorted = merge_sort ( range ( N )) # Recover the original sequence: sequence = [ 0 ] * N for i in range ( N ): sequence [ sorted [ i ]] = i + 1 # Compute the checksum checksum = 1 for i in range ( N ): checksum = ( 31 * checksum + sequence [ i ]) % 1000003 print ( 'Case # %d : %d ' % ( t , checksum ))
Checkpoint
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 limit = 10 ** 7 # Generate (the relevant part of) Pascal's triangle dist = {} row = [ 1 , 2 , 1 ] n = 2 while row [ 2 ] <= limit : # Update the shortest distances: for c in row [ 2 :]: if n < dist . get ( c , c ): dist [ c ] = n # Calculate (relevant part of) next_row row: next_row = [ 1 ] for i in range ( n ): c = row [ i ] + row [ i + 1 ] next_row . append ( c ) if c > limit : break else : next_row . append ( 1 ) row = next_row n += 1 from sys import stdin for r in range ( 1 , int ( stdin . readline ()) + 1 ): S = int ( stdin . readline ()) answer = min ( dist . get ( i , i ) + dist . get ( S // i , S // i ) for i in range ( 1 , int ( S **. 5 ) + 1 ) if S % i == 0 ) print ( 'Case # %d : %d ' % ( r , answer ))
Snowden denounces global mass surveillance at SXSW festival
By Thomas Gaist and Barry Grey
11 March 2014
National Security Agency (NSA) whistle-blower Edward Snowden gave a brief interview Monday via teleconference to a crowd assembled at the South by Southwest festival (SXSW) in Austin, Texas. The event was hosted by two attorneys from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), Ben Wizner and Chris Sogohian, who led the discussion and made extended remarks.
Documents leaked by Snowden over the past nine months have exposed the existence of a vast state spying apparatus that operates surveillance programs gathering every type of data imaginable, including cell phone locations, video chat streams, emails, text messages, Internet browsing habits and much more. Snowden's courageous actions in bringing to light these massive and flagrantly illegal operations have made them a hero to millions and their appearance was highly anticipated.
The event itself was politically significant—a live broadcast to a US audience made by someone who is being hunted by the US government and has been indicted on espionage charges, demonized by politicians and the media, and threatened with death by intelligence officials. Snowden was greeted with enthusiastic applause as their face appeared on screen against a backdrop of the US Constitution.
During the telecast, one of the hosts noted that Snowden's connection was bounced between seven “proxies” to thwart any attempt to locate him.
In their remarks, Snowden denounced the surveillance operations, describing the past decade as a “global free-fire zone for governments.” They categorically defended their actions. “The global mass surveillance occurring in all of these countries, they are setting fire to the future of the Internet,” Snowden said.
“Would I do it again? Absolutely. Regardless of what happens to me, this is something we had a right to,” Snowden said. They added that, “the reality is now we've reached a point where the majority of US telephone conversations are being recorded, metadata being stored, for years and years.”
“We also have the FISA court,” they continued, “a secret rubber-stamp court, only supposed to approve wiretap applications. At the same time, a secret court shouldn't be interpreting the Constitution when only the NSA's lawyers are presenting the case.
“We all are at risk of unfair, unjustified interference in our private lives. If we don't resolve these issues, if we allow the NSA to continue unrestrained, every other government will take that as a green light to do the same.”
Reflecting on their motivation for leaking the data, Snowden commented, “I saw that the Constitution has been violated on a massive scale.” This evoked loud applause.
“The interpretation of the Constitution had been changed in secret from no unreasonable search and seizure to just go ahead and seize it, and that's something the public ought to know about,” Snowden said.
They continued: “The problem is that the overseers aren't interested in oversight. We've got committees that are championing for the NSA, not holding them to account. [Director of National Intelligence] James Clapper tells a lie that they all know is a lie, allowing the American people to believe it's the truth.
“We can't have officials like James Clapper who can lie to everyone in the country, the Congress, and face no criticism, not even a strongly worded letter.”
Some of Snowden's remarks reflected a limited political understanding of the full significance of the spying programs and the international campaign being waged against them by the US government. Snowden and the interview hosts from the ACLU speculated that more rigorous regulation, watchdog groups, and technical innovations would be effective means to rein in the surveillance programs and reduce the threat they pose to innocent people.
“We need more public oversight… some way for trusted public figures to advocate for us. We need a watchdog that watches Congress, because if we're not informed, we can't consent to these (government) policies,” Snowden said.
At one point, they called for a “more constitutional, more carefully overseen intelligence model.”
These statements reflect illusions that the present political system can be reformed and the surveillance agencies can be held accountable within the framework of the existing political and economic system.
The illegal operations of the US surveillance state are not mere aberrations. Rather, they are part of systematic preparations by the ruling elite in anticipation of mass social struggles. Under conditions of deep economic crisis and unprecedented levels of social inequality, the capitalist elite is preparing to suppress political opposition by force.
The very fact that Snowden's exposures have evoked virtually no opposition to government spying operations from any section of the political or media establishment demonstrates how deeply the drive to dictatorship is rooted in the existing economic, social and political order.
The totalitarian surveillance operations are, moreover, not limited to the US, but are being carried out by capitalist governments all over the world.
At another point, Snowden suggested that the mass spying programs detracted from US government efforts to prevent terrorist attacks. This indicated that Snowden gives a certain credence to government claims that its spying programs are motivated by a desire to protect the American people from terrorist threats. In fact, the virtually unlimited scale of the spying programs, sweeping up private information on hundreds of millions of people, including political leaders of nominal US allies and international organizations such as the United Nations, makes it clear that these programs have virtually nothing to do with a supposed “war on terrorism.”
They are directed against the democratic rights of the people and carried out in the interests of a ruling class petrified at the prospect of the emergence of a movement of the working class against poverty, inequality and war.
At one point, ACLU lawyer Chris Sogohian acknowledged that their organization's recommendations to improve privacy would still leave individuals and groups that are specifically targeted by the NSA with no real way to protect themselves. “If the government wants to get at your communications, the encryption won't stop them. They will hack your computer. If you are a target of the NSA, you are beyond saving,” they said.
The hostility of the US establishment towards Snowden has not abated. Last week, Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas called on SXSW organizers to rescind the invitation in a letter denouncing Snowden.
The member of congress wrote: “When I served in the Army along the Iron Curtain, we had a word for a person who absconds with information and provides it to another nation: traitor. We also had a name for a person who chooses to reveal secrets they had personally promised to protect: common criminal. Mr. Snowden is both a traitor and a common criminal.”
As American Civil Liberties Union attorney Ben Wizner observed in response to these comments, “If they [Snowden] were here in the US, he'd be in a solitary cell.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Nathan and I are similar in many ways, but when it comes to snacking we're the complete opposite of each other. When they get a bar of chocolate or a bag of candy or nuts, they gulp it all down in seconds, and then it's gone. Having been together for over 7 years I've learned to quickly grab my share or else they will take that too and before I blink there will be nothing left for me 😛
I like to enjoy my sweets slowly, especially when it comes to chocolate. Rather than eating the whole bar in one go like them I prefer to take a small piece and really enjoy it before reaching for a new one.
This chocolate, however, is so tasty that even I found it hard to control myself. I have no idea why I don't make it more often because it really is so simple to make. I think that will change from now on… 🙂
“We feel the decision that was made is misguided and disproportionate”
A conservative student group at the University of Lincoln in the UK criticized their students' union over a lack of free speech over criticism of an online magazine. In response, the students' union shut down the group's social media accounts, thus proving their point.
A student paper called The Linc reported:
Conservative Society suspended from Twitter by SU after criticising their record on freedom of speech The University of Lincoln Conservative Society has been forced to hand over control of their Twitter account to the Students' Union. It follows a tweet sharing a report which said the University of Lincoln had a bad record on freedom of speech. The university as a whole was given a ‘red' status by online magazine Spiked, which means the institution has “banned and actively censored ideas on campus”. On Monday afternoon the society tweeted confirmation their Twitter account will be suspended until May, however they plan to appeal the decision by the SU.
Due to a disciplinary matter this Twitter account is temporarily suspended until 1st May. — Conservative Society (@LincConSoc) March 6, 2017
Due to SU orders this Twitter account will no longer be active. We hope to return on 1st May. Sorry for any inconvenience. — Conservative Society (@LincConSoc) March 6, 2017
A spokesperson for the student group made this statement:
“On the 6th March 2017, the University of Lincoln Conservative Society, in compliance with a decision by the Student Union (SU) disciplinary panel, handed over control of all social media accounts to the University of Lincoln Students Union, with the accounts to be suspended until the 1st of May 2017. “This decision was reached by the SU following an anonymous complaint over two tweets by the society account. The first, in relation to freedom of speech, linking an article from ‘Spiked' and the second was in relation to an SU questionnaire that had to be completed before voting in recent SU elections… “We feel the decision that was made is misguided and disproportionate, as the society was simply trying to raise the important issues of free speech and democracy, and the tweets in question have been taken out of context.
Here is part of a statement by the Students' Union, also courtesy of The Linc:
“Freedom of speech is a fundamental value of the Students' Union. The SU is built on a foundation where students can express opinions and ideas freely within the law. “The Students' Union is run by students for students. There are agreed policies in place – based on national guidance for charities – which protect students and aims to provide a safe environment in which complex issues can be discussed and debated.
Ahh, a “safe environment.” That almost sounds like a “safe space” doesn't it?
Robby Soave of Reason has more on this:
University of Lincoln's Conservative Student Group Censored for Complaining About Censorship Talk about proving a point. The University of Lincoln's student union has suspended a conservative student group's social media accounts—an act of retaliation against the group for daring to criticize the student union's hostility toward free speech. In effect, the British university's student government is censoring students because they objected to censorship. “Just to reiterate the irony of this situation,” wrote a different conservative club at another university, “their student union, upon being criticized for being anti-free speech, have silenced those complaining about a lack of free speech!”
The story has gone international as concerns over free speech are growing throughout academia. Here's a video report from the BBC News:
Even though the group being censored is conservative, there are student protests being planned.
Here's more from The Linc:
Protest organised against SU over freedom of speech clampdown A sit-in protest is being organised at the Engine Shed – a student union venue – on Friday in opposition to the University of Lincoln Students' Union (SU). It follows the SU's decision to suspend the Conservative Society's social media accounts after they tweeted a link to a report which criticised the university's approach to freedom of speech. Lincoln MP Karl McCartney has also described the SU's actions as “intolerant, illiberal and totalitarian”. The SU have defended the suspension saying there was a “suspected breach of the code of conduct” and “freedom of speech is a fundamental value of the Students' Union”. The event is called the UoL Free-Speech/Repeal the Conservative Society Ban Protest.
Featured image via YouTube.
Politicians can say what they like but the fact that FBI Director James Comey was a key prosecutor in the Clinton Whitewater Scandal should have required that they recuse themselves from any investigation into Clinton's email server. The fact that Attorney General Loretta Lynch and President Barack Obama failed to call for an independent investigation of such by a special prosecutor points to an internal cancer allowing for two separate systems of justice, one for those elected to power and protected with an insider's shield, the other for us poor peons who are denied access to so much on one candidate who seems to have snookered the public but could possibly be elected president of the USA.
The alleged funneling of money through the US State Department during Hillary Clinton's tenure to the Clinton Foundation is fraught with so many conflicts of interest and seemingly is a pay-to-play scheme. This nation should be embarrassed to have let it continue, especially with the unforgivable exploitation of the tragedies in Haiti.
The fact that Russia was able to buy through that organization 20 percent of the nation's uranium for very little on the dollar raises the specter of a serious national security breach — we may have to go to them to get our own fuel for our power plants and warheads.
Come on now, don't folks understand the gravity of this?
The leaked WikiLeaks transcripts regarding damaging data on the Clintons is disturbing, for access to the State Department-related information in and of itself seems to rise to that level of security violations which should be punishable by law. If my reading between the lines in that data is correct, we have only seen the tip of the iceberg which seems to peak into the levels of the White House with questions for President Obama — when and what did they know about this and when did it become known?
Could all the campaigning for a woman who previously maligned their character be an attempt to preserve their legacy, whatever folks may consider such to be?
Why has no cease-and-desist order been given to the Clinton Foundation, which continues to accept foreign dollars, employ Chelsea Clinton in an executive position paying $600,000, and has required no public accounting of its operations, donors, nor copies of their speeches — which say one thing in private and another in public. If elected will Clinton and their family ties continue to this organization?
WikiLeaks reported that Billionaire Democratic patron George Soros has ties to the British company Semantics which provides voting machines, many of which are paperless. Could such allow elections to be rigged? Why would any nation turn to foreign entities to do essential functions for their government?
Does the Soros Open Society Foundation promote a borderless world, a right for refugees to immigrate openly, or a world court system similar to that of the United Nations which could threaten a nation's sovereignty? Are the paranoid fears of those concerned by the threat of a New World Order closer than is appreciated?
If the investigation into possible improprieties during the Hillary Clinton tenure as U.S. Secretary of State doesn't continue, regardless of its proximity to the elections, how can it be justified, for there is no time limit for crimes against the USA?
If that rationale is allowed should the previous allegations against Trump have been disallowed?
More importantly, will the president grant a pardon to Clinton for all crimes committed while Secretary of State or, G-d forbid, were they to become president, it is possible that they could grant themselves a pardon? Remember what happened when Gerald R. Ford pardoned Richard M. Nixon. This law as well as the abuses in the use of executive orders all threatened the "We the People..." Constitutional underpinnings of this nation.
Dr. Ada M. Fisher was the first black woman to serve as the Republican National Committeewoman. They were a candidate for the U.S. Senate from North Carolina, a candidate for U.S. Congress, and a candidate for the North Carolina House of Representatives.  They are the author of "Common Sense Conservative Prescriptions Solutions for What Ails Us, Book I." For more of their reports, Go Here Now.
Obama BRAGGED He'd Of Beaten Trump Easily – Then Brutal Poll Unleashes Truth
Recently, within the last week, President Obama asserted that they would have beaten Trump if they had been the one to run for a third term. Which is strange, because the candidate Trump clearly defeated was running on all of Obama's policies.
Is Obama more likable than Hillary? For the left, you bet. But that doesn't mean that Trump would have lost to him. In fact, a new poll just came out that directly contradicts Obama's claim with facts. Turns out, the man was loved – not so much their policies.
May I present one Democrat, Bryan Dean Wright, who shared their feelings before the poll was even released. They aren't convinced Obama would have beaten Trump and was questioning whether their party ever wanted to see the sitting president on the ballot, ever again:
“It's impossible to know whether another Obama ticket could have changed hearts and minds. And frankly, I don't care. As a frustrated Democrat, I'm more interested in asking whether we would have wanted them to run again in the first place. Here's why. For a moment, set aside the debate about Obama's domestic and foreign policy record. Focus instead on their eight years as Democrat in Chief, where their singular goal was to leave the party stronger than how they found it. The result? Democrats are in a weaker position today than at any point in nearly 100 years.Republicans control 32 State Legislatures, 33 Governorships, the U.S. House, Senate, and – now – the Presidency. And it's a trend that started happening well before the 2016 wipeout. While the President's a good man, they are a terrible manager.”
While Obama has been a favorite of the left, the perfect golden child of progressive Marxism, their policies and the consequences were and are being felt by every American, no matter where they politically lean.
It just depends on if they are humble enough to admit they are in just as much pain as the right.
You Might Like
During today's Persona 5 the Animation focused live stream, the full name for the Persona 5 protagonist was revealed as “Ren Amamiya” (雨宮蓮).
The official name for the Persona 5 protagonist, who is also known by their code name “Joker,” is Akira Kurusu in the official manga adaptation.
In this TV anime adaptation of Persona 5, the actors for the main cast from the original game will make a return.
Cast
Hero: Jun Fukuyama
Jun Fukuyama Ann Takamaki: Nana Mizuki
Nana Mizuki Ryuji Sakamoto: Miyano Mamoru
Miyano Mamoru Morgana: Ikue Otani
Ikue Otani Yusuke Kitagawa: Tomokazu Sugita
Tomokazu Sugita Makoto Niijima: Rina Sato
Rina Sato Futaba Sakura: Aoi Yūki
Aoi Yūki Haru Okumura: Haruka Tomatsu
Haruka Tomatsu Goro Akechi: Soichiro Hoshi
The anime is produced by A-1 Pictures, who worked on other Persona series anime adaptations in the past.
The official website for the upcoming anime can be found here,
— Games Talk
An Arkansas family who believe their daughter is being brainwashed by a controversial Texas church have again lost the woman, after they came home for a few days only to return to the 'religious cult'.
Then, within hours of returning to the Church of Wells - a small evangelical commune of about 70 'born of discontent with mainstream Christianity' - Catherine Grove, 28, announced they are set to marry one of its elders.
Grove initially vanished in July 2013, abandoning their car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas.
Over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, however they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grove, a former nursing student, said they were 'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against their will, despite protestations from their parents.
Scroll down for video
'Brainwashed': The parents of Catherine Grove, 28, believe they were being brainwashed by the Church of Wells, after escaping the so-called cult in Texas only to return six days later. They have now announced in a video (right) that they will marry a church elder
Torn apart: Catherine Grove (second right) is seen with their parents Andy (far right) and Patty Grove (second left), along with their brother, sister and grandfather (center)
'Cult': The main building of the controversial Church of Wells is pictured here in Wells, Texas. The church has long denied accusations over the years that it is a cult
Family: Women belonging to the Church of Wells are seen here at the property in a September 2013 profile piece done by local network KNWA following the initial disappearance of Catherine Grove
Elders: Members of the church are seen here carrying books in the town of Wells, Texas, in September 2013
At the time, their parents, Andy and Patty Grove, told reporters they believed their daughter had been brainwashed, amid mounting accusations over the years the Church of Wells is run as a cult, KNWA reported.
Then, earlier this month, Grove left the church under mysterious circumstances.
They called 911 on April 2 sounding disoriented, asking if someone could pick them up.
A sheriff was sent to get her, and Grove told police they left the church after having a fight with another member.
According to a report in the Lufkin Daily News, Grove stayed with their family for six days after that.
But they then returned to the Church of Wells.
Jake Gardner, one of three pastors that lead the church, released a statement to 5 News, lambasting the behavior of Grove's parents.
'May God open your eyes to behold the truth of what is really going on in this controversy,' Gardner said.
Tight-knit: The Church of Wells - pictured here is their website homepage - has only about 70 members, all of which live in Wells, Texas. Their beliefs are 'born of discontent with mainstream Christianity'
'Seeking the Lord': Catherine Grove speaks with press after vanishing, only to emerge as a member of the Church of Wells. They denied claims by their parents that they were brainwashed into converting
Gardner added: 'We are amazed at the atrocious behavior of the Groves towards their daughter, and pray they would be held accountable by those with a hand in this matter (as we have sought to do), to the end that their lives and behavior would agree with their confession of Christ.'
Grove then appeared themselves in a YouTube video, explaining that their parents told them they're visiting family in Little Rock but took them instead to a hospital.
'On April 7, I was still in the psych ward and the doctor came in and said after testing me all this time very carefully I had no mental illness so they cannot keep me in the hospital,' Grove said in the video.
Speaking out: Church of Wells leader Sean Morris (right) speaks out in a YouTube video this week following the return of Catherine Grove, denying reports they had 'escaped'
Pleading: Grove's parents have been desperate to get them back since they went missing in 2013. They returned on their own earlier this month, only to go back to the church six days later
Grove said after this, church members would come and pick them up from the hospital.
'Here I am,' Grove said, smiling.
'(Now I'm) going to be married. Not sure the date. Even though my parents can be so difficult.
'It is my desire to preach to them.'
Grove is set to marry Church of Wells member, Ronnie Saltsman.
Grove insisted the reason they left the church was to find peace with their parents.
'I just wanted to remove this pressure upon me,' they said in the video.
'I wasn't trying to leave the church.'
Andy and Patty Grove are yet to comment publicly about their daughter returning to the church.
The Church of Wells denies members all forms of entertainment and leisure in favor of prayer.
They believe in deep self-loathing for their sin and that this is the only way to be saved.
Before Grove disappeared, the church hit headlines after a baby died at the compound.
An investigation following the incident in May 2012 showed the three-day-old infant died without receiving any medical attention.
Members of the church then carried the child around to different houses, where they prayed for the baby to be resurrected.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KTHV) -- "Prison Bae." That's the nickname social media users have given a Little Rock woman whose "hot mugshot" has moved into viral status.
"Ugly Plastic" posted Sarah Seawright's mugshot a week ago and the rest is history. Court documents reveal that their last arrest happened May 12 for failing to appear on a court warrant for a careless driving charge.
Before that, however, court documents show they were convicted in 2012 at age 21 of several charges including aggravated robbery, and first-degree robbery. They were sentenced to 120 months in prison and five years probation.
The #PrisonBae status is apparently being embraced by Seawright. They wrote on their own Facebook page in a public post, "Keep the hate coming I WAS BUILT FOR THIS!"
Seawright is not currently serving time. Instead, in this moment, she's trending across Twitter and Facebook.
Ow well helloooooooo you there! This is the new #PrisonBae. Cuff me up and get me to jail! pic.twitter.com/yenrEBZQ89 — JustSemir (@JustSemir) May 28, 2016
This isn't the first mugshot to go viral for the suspect's good looks. Remember Jeremy Meeks? They earned the title, "Hot Felon," after their mughsot captured the hearts of social media users across the planet. And yes, he's now working on their model career.
Jeremy Meeks was arrested in June 2014 as part of a Ceasefire Operation in Stockton, CA. Courtesy: Stockton Police Department
The animation will help scientists understand how the female brain conducts the symphony of activity that leads to an orgasm
Scientists have used brain scan images to create the world's first movie of the female brain as it approaches, experiences and recovers from an orgasm. The animation reveals the steady buildup of activity in the brain as disparate regions flicker into life and then come together in a crescendo of activity before gently settling back down again.
To make the animation, researchers monitored a woman's brain as they lay in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scanner and stimulated herself. The research will help scientists to understand how the brain conducts the symphony of activity that leads to sexual climax in a woman.
By studying people who have orgasms, Professor Barry Komisaruk, a psychologist at Rutgers University in New Jersey and their team hope to uncover what goes wrong in both men and women who cannot reach sexual climax.
The animation was compiled from sequential brain scans of Nan Wise, a 54-year-old PhD student and sex therapist in Komisaruk's lab. "It's my dissertation," Wise told the Guardian. "I'm committed to it."
The five-minute movie shows how activity changes across 80 separate regions of the brain in snapshots taken every two seconds. The animation uses a "hot metal" colour scale that begins at dark red and progresses through orange and yellow to white at the highest levels of activity.
"The general aim of this research is to understand how the orgasm builds up from genital stimulation and what parts of the brain become recruited and finally build up into an orgasm," said Prof Komisaruk, who presented the work at the Society for Neuroscience annual meeting in Washington DC on Monday. The work has yet to be published in a peer-reviewed journal.
As the animation plays, activity first builds up in the genital area of the sensory cortex, a response to being touched in that region. Activity then spreads to the limbic system, a collection of brain structures involved in emotions and long-term memory.
As the orgasm arrives, activity shoots up in two parts of the brain called the cerebellum and the frontal cortex, perhaps because of greater muscle tension. During orgasm, activity reaches a peak in the hypothalamus, which releases a chemical called oxytocin that causes pleasurable sensations and stimulates the uterus to contract. Activity also peaks in the nucleus accumbens, an area linked to reward and pleasure.
After orgasm, the activity in all these regions gradually calms down.
"It's a beautiful system in which to study the brain's connectivity," Komisaruk said. "We expect that this movie, a dynamic representation of the gradual buildup of brain activity to a climax, followed by resolution, will facilitate our understanding of pathological conditions such as anorgasmia by emphasising where in the brain the sequential process breaks down."
In a new technique being developed by Komisaruk, people inside the scanner can see their own brain activity on a screen almost instantaneously. Through this "neurobiofeedback", Komisaruk speculates that people might be able to learn how to change their brain activity, a feat that could perhaps help treat a broad range of conditions, such as anxiety, depression and pain.
"We're using orgasm as a way of producing pleasure. If we can learn how to activate the pleasure regions of the brain then that could have wider applications," they said.
The Scandinavian fantasy: The sources of intergenerational mobility in Denmark and the US
Rasmus Landersø, James Heckman
The Scandinavian model of social welfare is often contrasted favourably with the US model in terms of promoting social mobility across generations. This column investigates the accuracy of these claims, focusing on the case of Denmark. Denmark invests heavily in child development, but then undoes the beneficial effects by providing weak labour market incentives for its children to attend school compared to the US. This helps explain why the influence of family background on educational attainment is similar in the two countries.
Policy analysts around the world point to the Scandinavian countries as exemplars for promoting social mobility across generations without diminishing productivity (e.g. Sachs 2006, Bailey 2016). The Scandinavian model is often contrasted favourably with the US model. For example, an article in the Washington Post (2014) writes that, “[t]he American Dream is now spoken with a Scandinavian accent”. Focusing on Denmark – a prototypical Scandinavian welfare state – we investigate the accuracy of these claims (Landersø and Heckman 2016). We find that social mobility in both countries would be advanced by combining Scandinavian-level investments in early childhood with US incentives to acquire education.
Intergenerational social mobility is measured in two distinct ways. When these measures are applied to compare mobility in Denmark with mobility in the US, the comparison depends strongly on the measure used. By one measure, Denmark is far more mobile than the US. By another measure, the two societies are equally mobile.
The first measure relates the incomes of children as adults to the incomes of their parents, both measured at the same stage of the life cycle (e.g. Solon 1992, 2004). Intergenerational income elasticity (IGE) is a commonly used summary statistic to characterise income mobility. It is the average percentage change in the adult incomes of children with respect to a one percentage point increase in their family incomes as children.
The second measure relates the educational attainment of children to the incomes, educational attainment, or general socioeconomic status of their parents. This too is measured by an elasticity relating children's education to parental social or economic status. This elasticity is the average percentage change in the educational attainments of children with respect to a 1% change in family income or wealth. The lower the value of either elasticity, the less effect family has on the child's success as an adult for the associated outcome, and the greater the mobility for the outcome being examined. Understanding the sources of the differences in the cross-country comparisons based on the two measures is essential for understanding what policy lessons about social mobility Americans should draw from Scandinavia, and what lessons Scandinavians should draw from the US.
Sources of the differences in income mobility across generations
Differences in the measures of income used greatly affect estimates of income mobility across generations in Demark and the US. Danish tax and transfer policies are more progressive than those in the US. The heavily unionised Danish economy reduces wage differentials across skill levels compared to the wage differentials by skill in the labour market in the US.
Using pre-tax and pre-transfer income from all sources (including capital income and labour income), income social mobility in Denmark is about the same as in the US (compare columns 1 and 2 of Table 1). Accounting for redistribution by the welfare state, Denmark has much greater income social mobility (compare columns 3 and 4 of Table 1).
Table 1. Estimates of intergenerational income elasticities using different incomes measures: Denmark vs. the US
Notes: Standard errors in parentheses below the IGE.
Considering pre-tax income from wages, income social mobility is far greater in Denmark than the US (compare columns 5 and 6 of Table 1). This is due to the much more compressed Danish wage distribution by skill levels. Including income from public transfers along with wage income, Danish income mobility increases while the corresponding measure decreases in the US (compare columns 7 and 8 of Table 1).
In both countries, mobility is disproportionately lower for children from more affluent families (see Figures 1a and 1b for Denmark and the US, respectively). More income-advantaged families in both countries are more likely to pass on their income advantage to their children.
Figure 1. Intergenerational income-elasticity based on wage earnings and transfers by level of family income
(a) Denmark
(b) US
Income mobility is higher (elasticities are lower) in Denmark than the US at all levels of wage and transfer income.1 The story is somewhat different when we use pre-tax and transfer wage income. By that measure of income, the elasticities with respect to parental income are virtually the same in the two countries, but mobility decreases for the less affluent.
Educational mobility
Popular discussions of the benefits of the Scandinavian welfare state often point to its generous support of childcare and education compared to the US as important contributors to its greater social mobility (Sanders 2013, Partanen 2016). In Denmark, college tuition is free, there is ready access to childcare, pregnancy leave is generous, and there is virtually universal free pre-school. The more child-generous Danish welfare state produces a much more favourable distribution of cognitive skills for disadvantaged Danish children compared to their counterparts in the US.2 A superficial glance at the evidence might suggest that the greater access to skills and schooling explains the greater Danish social mobility across generations. Yet, despite stark policy differences, the influence of family background on educational attainment is similar in the two countries.
Table 2 shows the influence of family income and family wealth on college attendance in both countries.3 The relationships between family income and college attendance are the same in both countries. While in Denmark, wealth has a stronger relationship with educational outcomes than in the US.
Table 2. Relationship between college attendance and parental resources
Note: The coefficients are the effects of a 1% change in the indicated variable on the probability of attending college.
Scandinavia invests heavily in child development and boosts the test scores of its disadvantaged children compared to their counterparts in the US. It then undoes these beneficial effects by providing weak labour market incentives for its children to attend school. Stated differently, the greater incentives to acquire education in the US labour market tend to offset its less favourable investments in the cognitive skills of its disadvantaged children.
Family influence on educational attainment is remarkably similar in both countries. In both countries, at higher levels of family income, the effects of a one percentage point increase in family resources on college attendance are smaller than at medium and lower levels of family income.
Figure 2. US—Denmark differences in income and education IGEs
(a) Differences in intergenerational college attendance elasticities (US—Denmark)
(b) Differences in intergenerational income mobility elasticities (US—Denmark)​
Figure 2a displays the US educational mobility elasticity controlling relative to the corresponding Danish elasticity for different measures of family background. They are all near zero, suggesting little difference in educational mobility-family background relationships across the two countries. Figure 2b (derived from Table 1) displays the differences in the income mobility elasticities between the US and Denmark for different measures of income. The differences are dramatic for most measures of income.
The low Danish economic returns to education, especially for those at the lower levels of education, help to explain the disconnect between the egalitarian childhood policies in Denmark and the roughly equal levels of educational mobility in Denmark and the US. While the Danish welfare state mitigates some childhood inequalities, the sorting of families into neighbourhoods and schools by levels of parental advantage contributes to Danish educational immobility. The more advantaged Danish children attend schools with peers with more favourable test scores. In Denmark, substantial skill gaps remain across children with different family backgrounds (Bleses et al. 2016).
A missed opportunity for promoting social mobility
Our analysis sends a cautionary note to the many enthusiasts endorsing the Scandinavian welfare state. The Danish educational system boosts the cognitive test scores of disadvantaged children compared to their US counterparts. But test scores are not the whole story, or even the main story, of the adult success of children, despite the emphasis on them in popular and policy discussions.4 Moreover, substantial gaps in test scores remain across social groups within Denmark despite its egalitarian policies.
The US excels in incentivising educational attainment. The Danish welfare state promotes cognitive skills for its disadvantaged children. Policies that combine the best features of each system would appear to have the greatest benefit for promoting intergenerational mobility in terms of both income and educational attainment.
References
Baily, M N (2016) “What Sanders gets right and wrong about Denmark”, Inside Sources, March.
Bleses, D, P Jensen, H Nielsen, K Sehsted and N Madsen Sjö (2016) “Børns tidlige udvikling og læring [Early childhood development in Danish daycares]”, for Ministry of Children, Education and Gender equality.
Borghans, L, B H H Golsteyn, J J Heckman and J E Humphries (2016) “What do grade and achievement tests measure?” Submitted to Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Landersø, R and J J Heckman (2016) "The Scandinavian Fantasy: The sources of intergenerational mobility in Denmark and the U.S", forthcoming, Scandinavian Journal of Economics.
Partanen, A (2016) “What Americans don't get about Nordic countries”, The Atlantic, March.
Sachs, J D (2006) “Welfare states, beyond ideology”, Scientific American, 295(5): 42-42.
Sanders, B (2013) “What can we learn from Denmark?”, The Huffington Post, May.
Solon, G (1992) “Intergenerational income mobility in the United States”, The American Economic Review, 393-408.
Solon, G (2004) “A model of intergenerational mobility variation over time and place”, Generational income mobility in North America and Europe, 38-47.
Washington's Blog (2014). “The American dream has moved to Scandinavia”, Website, November.
Endnotes
[1] The plots in Figure 1 are for local IGEs and show the effect of small changes in family income on the adult income of children at different levels of family income. Incomes are measured in purchasing power equivalents, so the income levels in Figure 1 are comparable across countries.
[2] We use purchasing power equivalent incomes to make this comparison.
[3] These are coefficients from a multivariate regression with both variables in the same estimation equation.
[4] See Borghans et al (2016).
This weekend we're celebrating some special Doctor Who releases from Big Finish...
All this extended UK weekend, we've three very special Big Finish releases at special Big Finish offer prices:
Doctor Who - The Novel Adaptations Volume 1 (Limited Edition) was released in January 2015, a deluxe book packaging containing a unique extras disc in with our adaptions of the Virgin Doctor Who novels The Romance of Crime and The English Way of Death starring Tom Baker, Lalla Ward and John Leeson:
Doctor Who - The Novel Adaptations Volume 2 (Limited Edition) was released in April 2015, again as a deluxe book packaging with a making-of disc and adaptations of The Well-Mannered War starring Tom Baker, Lalla Ward and John Leeson ("vote K9!"), and Damaged Goods, based on the Russell T Davies novel and starring Sylvester McCoy alongside Yasmin Bannerman and Travis Oliver (as companions Roz and Chris appearing for the first time at Big Finish):
Doctor Who - The Light at the End (Limited Edition) was our hugely popular and critically-acclaimed celebration of 50 years of Doctor Who, starring much-loved actors from across the entire Classic history of the programme, from Carole Ann Ford to India Fisher, and featuring a number of popular encounters between Doctors that fans continue to talk about today. The limited edition is a special five-disc set, with the CD version a sumptious book packaging with gorgeous photography. A purchase also unlocks access to a 5.1 mix of the main story.
For this weekend - ending at mid-day (UK time) on Tuesday - you can buy each of these sets for just £20 on Download, or £25 on CD each. The two Doctor Who - The Novel Adaptations Volume bundles can be bought in a bundle for £38 on Download or £50 on CD.
Any CD purchase will unlock a digital version as an exclusive to your Big Finish account - and that's just the thing for our free Big Finish Listening app if you're looking to sit out in the garden over this Bank Holiday weekend!
Check out the Doctor Who - Novel Adaptations range for other stories, including the Doctor's first meeting with Roz and Chris in Doctor Who - Original Sin:
Conclusions: Continuous glucose monitoring can detect nocturnal hypoglycemia in patients with primary adrenal insufficiency and hence prevent in these patients an impaired quality of life and even serious adverse effects.
Results: In one patient we identified a hypoglycemic episode at 3:45 a.m. with a blood glucose level of 46 mg/dL, clearly beneath the 95% tolerance interval of minimal glucose levels between 2 and 4 a.m. (53.84 mg/dL). After the hydrocortisone replacement scheme was changed, the minimum blood glucose level between 2 and 4 a.m. normalized to 87 mg/dL.
Background: Hypoglycemia can be a symptom in patients with Addison's disease. The common regimen of replacement therapy with oral glucocorticoids results in unphysiological low cortisol levels in the early morning, the time of the highest insulin sensitivity. Therefore patients with Addison's disease are at risk for unrecognized and potentially severe nocturnal hypoglycemia also because of a disturbed counterregulatory function. Use of a continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) could help to adjust hydrocortisone treatment and to avoid nocturnal hypoglycemia in these patients.
Background
H ypoglycemia can be a symptom in patients with so far undiagnosed and untreated primary adrenal insufficiency (Addison's disease) but also in diagnosed patients with an unsatisfactory treatment. The lack of glucocorticoids increases glucose oxidation and decreases endogenous glucose production, leading to an increased insulin sensitivity.1 Storage of glucagon is inhibited. Patients with Addison's disease often suffer from symptoms reminiscent of neuroglycopenia, suggesting that this disorder is associated with a deficit in cerebral energy supply.2 However, there are few data about hypoglycemia, particularly nocturnal, in patients with Addisons's disease.
Common glucocorticoid replacement is oral hydrocortisone split into two to three daily doses, with the highest dose administered in the morning.3,4 Whereas cortisol in healthy individuals rises abruptly in the early morning between 3 and 6 a.m., this physiological biorhythm cannot be achieved with the oral glucocorticoids currently available.
Due to the physiological biorhythm of other hormones involved in glucose metabolism—growth hormone in particular—insulin sensitivity is normally highest in the early morning hours between 2 and 4 a.m. Patients with diabetes receiving insulin treatment are at risk particularly for nocturnal hypoglycemia at exactly that time.
Patients with adrenal insufficiency receiving common oral treatment with hydrocortisone experience unphysiological low cortisol levels in this susceptible period of time. Therefore these patients are at risk for nocturnal hypoglycemia. Potentially, hypoglycemia episodes are more severe and of higher risk in patients with Addison's disease because of the deficient counterregulatory excretion of cortisol. Symptoms of hypoglycemia can be lessened, and so hypoglycemia unawareness can be a problem in these patients.
Continuous glucose monitoring systems (CGMSs) are improved instruments of blood glucose control developed for patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with often-unrecognized hypoglycemia episodes.5–8
In patients with Addison's disease, a CGMS could aid to adjust hydrocortisone treatment and to avoid—potentially severe—nocturnal hypoglycemia.
Patients and Methods
Thirteen patients with Addison's disease (diagnosed as spontaneous primary adrenal insufficiency by low basal cortisol and after tetracosactide [Synacthen®, Novartis, Bagsvaerd, Denmark] stimulation as well as elevated aderenocorticotropin level) from our outpatient clinic were recruited for this study during routine clinical visits or by written information between October 2008 and April 2011. All patients living in the nearer catchment area of our hospital were invited to take part. Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 1 or type 2 and known impaired glucose tolerance were exclusion criteria. There were five male and eight female subjects. The mean age of the patients was 46 years (range, 21–71 years). The patients had a mean duration of Addison's disease of 13 years (range, 0.25–52 years).
The subjects were screened for hypoglycemia wearing a CGMS for 3–5 days. The system used was the Minimed® (Medtronic, Northridge, CA) subcutaneous CGMS® System Gold™. This system continuously measures subcutaneous tissue interstitial glucose levels, recording values on average every 5 min within a range of 40–400 mg/dL. It allows 288 measurements of glucose in a 24-h period. A monitor collects and stores the glucose data until they are downloaded into the com-station, where glucose values are displayed.
Sensors were applied by a certified diabetes nurse in our outpatient clinic. Patients were educated in using the sensor and calibration with blood glucose self-measurements three to four times per day. Calibration of the sensor was performed according to the protocol established. At the completion of the measuring period, the system was returned, and the data were downloaded to determine glucose patterns.
Normal distribution of minimum blood glucose values between 2 and 4 a.m. was proved by the Kolmogoroff–Smirnoff test, and the 95% parametric tolerance interval was determined.
Results
In one of the 13 patients we identified an hypoglycemia episode, defined by a blood glucose level of ≤50 mg/dL. The affected patient was a 42-year-old man with a history of Addison's disease for 33 years. Hypoglycemia was recorded at 3:45 a.m. with a blood glucose level of 46 mg/dL (Fig. 1). This value clearly falls below the lower limit of 95% tolerance interval of minimal glucose levels between 2 and 4 a.m. in the other patients, which was 53.84 mg/dL. The patient had been reported to wake up frequently at night for several months, but they had no typical signs of hypoglycemia. After their hydrocortisone replacement scheme was changed—he delayed the last hydrocortisone dose to the late evening—a second CGMS measurement was performed. No hypoglycemia was recorded, the minimum blood glucose level between 2 and 4 a.m. normalized to 87 mg/dL, and the patient has been observed to sleep better since that time.
FIG. 1. Course of blood glucose levels in one patient with nocturnal hypoglycemia.
With regard to the whole measuring period, this patient showed lower glucose levels with a mean glucose level of 85 mg/dL compared with 99±12 mg/dL in the other patients and more (seven vs. one) and longer (9% vs. 0.5% of the measuring period) episodes with rather low glucose levels <70 mg/dL (Table 1).
Table 1. Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Data in 13 Patients Without Diabetes With Addison's Disease Affected patients All patients Mean glucose level (mg/dL) 85 99±12 Low excursions <70 mg/dL Number 7 1 (0–11) % of measuring period 9 0.5 (0–8) Mean value of minimal glucose levels between 2 and 4 a.m. (mg/dL) 46 77.6±12.71
Conclusions
Despite the substitution with synthetic gluco- and mineralocorticoids, premature mortality is still documented in Addison's disease.9,10 The absence of any valid laboratory parameter to assess adequate substitution effects continues to be one of the biggest challenges in the therapy of adrenal-insufficient patients.3,11 Herein an important problem is the unphysiological dosing with orally available glucocorticoids, particularly in the early morning hours when patients have a window of low cortisol levels—a fact that can lead to hypoglycemia at this time.
The mean glucose level in our patients with primary adrenal insufficiency was 99±12 mg/dL and therefore without any difference from the mean glucose level that has been seen in healthy controls using a CGMS.12 So, data of this small study do not allow us to conclude about glucose metabolism in adrenal-insufficient patients who are receiving chronic replacement—either for hypoglycemia episodes due to chronic cortisol deficiency or for hyperglycemia episodes due to chronic overtreatment.
However, in one individual with Addison's disease we could detect nocturnal hypoglycemia using the CGMS. Shifting the last hydrocortisone dose to the late evening normalized nocturnal blood glucose levels and improved their sleep.
Therefore continuous glucose monitoring can detect nocturnal hypoglycemia in patients with primary adrenal insufficiency and hence prevent impaired quality of life and potentially even serious adverse effects.
Further research on larger groups of patients is necessary to evaluate the risk of nocturnal hypoglycemia in primary adrenal insufficiency. New therapeutic approaches have been developed like continuous hydrocortisone infusion with hourly adjustable infusion rate via a subcutaneous pump13 or retarded hydrocortisone formulations given in the late evening.14 It will be of interest to learn whether these concepts affect nocturnal blood glucose levels.
Acknowledgments
This research was supported by grants from the EU FP7 (grant number 201167, Euradrenal).
Author Disclosure Statement
The authors have no competitive financial interests to disclose.
Automatonism is a modular synthesiser that runs in the open source programming language Pure Data. It features a large library of 81 modules (version 2.1). Follow these simple steps to get started:
Install Pure Data Vanilla on your device. Download Automatonism_2.1.zip Open the file "main.pd". Read the Quick Guide and Manual, which are integrated into the software. Start patching!
Modular synthesis is akin to musical gardening: modules can spring to life and their interconnections suggest the formation of a sonic ecosystem. The act of patching is no different to playing any other instrument: it affords the opportunity to express oneself and directly engage with other people.
It is towards that goal of performability and communication that Automatonism was created. It mimics the signal flow of a physical modular but features dynamic preset management and advanced parameter mapping tools on an open-source platform.
Most importantly, it will hopefully encourage people to delve into the making of generative algorithms via modular synthesis. If you want to support this project and the future development of the software, you are kindly directed to the Automatonism Bandcamp, or to book a live-performance/lecture/workshop.
Copyright © 2017, Johan Eriksson
Automatonism is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
Two months ago, Lucy Cabrera's adolescent son and daughter called them from Honduras in tears. They said gangs had threatened to kidnap them, and they begged them to help them flee to the United States. They borrowed $6,000 and wired the money to a series of guides in Guatemala and Mexico. On Saturday, their kids called again — from a U.S. detention facility in Arizona. This time, there were no tears.
“Thank God they are safe now. It all happened so fast,” said Cabrera, who sells homemade tortillas in the District. Although they are in the country illegally, they said they have been contacted by federal authorities so that both children can eventually be released to their custody. “It's truly a miracle,” they marveled.
U.S. officials are scrambling to understand and manage the exodus of unaccompanied minors from Central America who have turned up at the southern U.S. border over the past few months. The surge has overwhelmed detention facilities, forcing the Obama administration to take emergency measures to provide shelter, hire attorneys and locate sponsors to receive the children.
The number of such minors entering the United States has crept upward since 2011, but last fall it began to skyrocket. Since October, 47,000 have arrived; officials expect another 60,000 by the end of this year.
The new surge is partly seasonal, with early summer being the easiest time to travel across the region. But it is mainly driven by two other factors. One is an epidemic of gang violence across El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala that has put many children at risk, especially when parents are not there to protect them. The second is a perception, fueled by certain U.S. policies and by critics of the Obama administration, that the government is treating young illegal immigrants with unprecedented leniency.
As a result, thousands of parents like Cabrera sense both an urgent need and a unique opportunity to be reunited with children they left behind years ago to flee conflict or seek a better life. With no legal means to import their children from abroad, many of these undocumented families are putting their hopes in an unexpected source of salvation: the U.S. immigration system.
Driven by a mix of rumor, fact and political hyperbole, word has spread through Latino communities in the Washington area and elsewhere that if their children reach the U.S. border alone, they will be allowed to go free.
The families' hopes are partly justified because officials have sped up processing the new arrivals to relieve crowded shelters and release as many as possible to relatives or guardians. Unlike children from Mexico, who can be sent back across the border right away, the law allows minors arriving from more distant countries to be sheltered and then handed over to a sponsor while awaiting court hearings.
The Washington region, with more than 400,000 residents of Central American origin, is one of several metropolitan areas in the United States where the newly arrived minors are most likely to be sent. Social and legal aid agencies said they have helped hundreds of families petition to receive minors from border detention over the past year.
But the speculation that these minors simply will be set free is unfounded. All of them are subject to deportation, and none are eligible for the administration's Dream Act program, which allows some illegal youths to remain if they have lived in the United States for at least five years and can meet other requirements. The newcomers, by contrast, are ordered to appear in immigration court and have no guarantee of being allowed to stay.
“The fact that they arrive in the U.S. and are released doesn't give them any legal status at all,” said Wendy Young, a lawyer in the District with Kids in Need of Defense, a nonprofit group that provides free legal help for such minors. Some are eligible for special visas or legal protection, such as victims of abuse or trafficking, but Young said at least 60 percent do not qualify and eventually are ordered to be deported.
“This is not a slam dunk,” they said.
Senior administration officials sought to reinforce that message in a teleconference with journalists this week. They said their humanitarian concern for children fleeing “extraordinary violence” in Central America does not change the legal requirement to place them in “removal proceedings,” like adults who enter the country illegally.
The temptation, of course, is that families whose children face deportation may simply hide them away, shuttling them among friends and relatives in different states. On the other hand, parents or guardians must supply immigration officials with detailed information about themselves in order to receive a child from government custody, making such evasion more difficult.
Before they even reach the United States, children face extreme hazards while traveling across Mexico and trying to cross the border. Smugglers often rob, abuse and abandon them; girls are sometimes raped. But more divided families are calculating that the risk is worth it. Once the children reach the border, some parents are instructing them to surrender to once-feared U.S. Border Patrol agents as soon as they can.
Susana, a factory worker in Fredericksburg, Va., said they heard last month that minors would be “saved” and let go if they reached the United States. They said they paid $2,800 for guides to bring their 15-year-old daughter from Honduras across Guatemala and Mexico — where they were expected to “throw them in the river.” The girl was quickly picked up by U.S. agents and is now in a federally run secure shelter in Texas.
“She was only 5 when I left her, and they have suffered a lot. Everyone was saying, this is the time to send for your kids, the government is letting them go, so I decided to do it,” said Susana, an illegal immigrant who asked that their full name not be used.
Susana said their daughter calls them often from the shelter, where they share a room with six other girls and takes English classes. Meanwhile, social workers have sent Susana lists of questions and documents to fill out while they ready a bedroom for the daughter they have not seen in a decade. “They want to know about my income and my house and what school they will go to,” Susana said. “They say I should be patient and not to worry, soon I will be their guardian.”
Some parents who are here illegally and are reluctant to allow their children to travel alone have tried to go home and accompany them back — with disastrous results. Last winter, a house cleaner in Hyattsville, Md., saved up as much money as they could and returned to El Salvador for their two teenage daughters, who were being abused by male relatives and harassed by gangs.
According to the woman's mother, the smugglers demanded more than they could pay, and they were worried about the three younger children they had left back in the United States. So in March, they reluctantly left their older girls behind once more and tried to sneak back into the United States. They were caught at the border and now is in federal detention in Texas, unable to care for any of their children.
Even when long-separated families are successfully united, they often face daunting adjustment problems. There are stepfathers and younger siblings whom the newly arrived teenagers have never met. There are language barriers and old feelings of anger, jealousy and abandonment. There are crowded apartments and long workdays that offer little chance for special attention. And often, there are the added tensions and uncertainty of the parents being illegal.
“In many cases, things turn out to be a disaster,” said Dilsia Molina, a counselor at La Clinica del Pueblo in the District who helps dozens of immigrant women with family problems. “I tell all the women that when a child arrives from home after a long time apart, it is like getting pregnant and giving birth all over again.”
Young said they worry that the accelerated screening process will miss potential problems with sponsors, such as histories of abuse or crime. They noted that proposed guardians are no longer required to provide fingerprints. “We are not pro-detention, but this does create concerns,” they said.
Another problem is the lack of attorneys available to represent arriving minors who may qualify for deportation relief, asylum or special visas. The White House announced this week that it is setting up an emergency program with funds for about 300 lawyers, but Young said far more are needed.
One Salvadoran woman in Prince George's County left their daughter as a small child a decade ago. Last year, the budding adolescent was sent north by grandparents who feared they would be abused by gangs. In Texas, scared and abandoned by smugglers, they turned themselves in to the Border Patrol; after several months in custody, they were sent to live with a mother they barely knew.
“She seemed more like a sister than a mother,” said the girl, now 14, who can manage only a few words of English. The mother, a store cashier, sat close to them on a sofa, looking pensive as the daughter recounted their ordeal in the desert. Both face possible deportation, but both clearly cherish their new relationship. “I was desperately worried about her, but it was definitely worth the risk,” the mother confided with a shy glance at the girl. “She is everything to me.”
New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton and Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll have each been fined $10,000 by the NFL for improperly entering the playing field during games, NFL Network's Tom Pelissero reported Friday, per a source informed of the situation.
Jacksonville Jaguars offensive line coach Pat Flaherty and Jaguars wide receiver coach Keenan McCardell were also fined $10,000 for the same violation.
Payton was flagged late in the fourth quarter of last Thursday's loss to the Atlanta Falcons for unsportsmanlike conduct.
"I called a timeout, and then [the referee] asked me again and I said I've already called the timeout," Payton said after the game, explaining why they were penalized. "Probably said it with a little bit more vigor than I was supposed to, but I had enough. I have to be smarter than that."
Carroll was also penalized late in the fourth quarter of Seattle's loss to the Jaguars for unsportsmanlike conduct. Two Seahawks defenders, Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson, were penalized and ejected, and a third member of the Seahawks, Michael Bennett, was penalized after consecutive scrums erupted while Jacksonville was in victory formation.
Among the players fined for their role in Sunday afternoon's brouhaha are Jefferson, $9,115 (unnecessary roughness); Richardson, $9,115 (unnecessary roughness); Seahawks OL Germain Ifedi, $24,309 (verbal abuse of a ref); and Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette, $12,154 (unsportsmanlike conduct). Surprisingly, Bennett was not fined.
Rule 3, Section 37, Article 1 of the NFL Rule Book states "During any timeout, including an intermission, all playing rules continue in effect. Representatives of either team are prohibited from entering the field, unless they are incoming substitutes, or team attendants or trainers entering to provide for the welfare of a player, and any game-type activities are prohibited on the Field of Play. The Head Coach may enter the field to check on the welfare of a player who is injured, but no assistant coach may enter the field."
In response to the coaches' actions last week, Troy Vincent, NFL executive vice president of football operations, issued a memo to all 32 NFL teams Monday warning that anyone engage in "offensive contact or conduct" toward game officials will be subject to "significant discipline."
In the wake of the horrific attacks in Paris, military operations against ISIS terrorist strongholds have increased. When someone hits you, it's natural to hit back. But can you win by killing an enemy that seeks death — and when those who are killed inspire desperate others to replace them?
Along with the news that the French had launched air strikes against ISIS positions came the word that the cyber-revenge group calling itself Anonymous has declared war on ISIS. I never thought I would say this, but Anonymous might be our savior. Attacking ISIS militarily is necessary, but the group has always exerted its influence through social media, using it for both fundraising and recruitment. Both activities are essential to ISIS' continuing existence and effectiveness. The weaponry it uses in its terror campaign is expensive, and when every successful operation ends in death or the arrest of all participants, recruitment is critical.
Which makes Anonymous' involvement intriguing. ISIS, you should be very scared. Anonymous' official Twitter area for Operation Paris has already reported that “more than 3,824 Twitter accounts pro-ISIS are now down,” a number that has been steadily climbing. That's on top of tens of thousands of pro-ISIS Twitter accounts that Anonymous took down before the Paris attacks, along with a large number of donation pages for the group — housed on the dark Web — that Anonymous closed, according to a report in The Atlantic.
Anonymous' key message on Twitter is: “Make no mistake: #Anonymous is at war with #Daesh. We won't stop opposing #IslamicState. We're also better hackers.” That last sentence is key. What Anonymous is talking about is a cyberwar against ISIS, one that is not restricted by any of the laws that could hamper a cyberattack undertaken by U.S., French or Russian governments. And, to Anonymous' credit, they are indeed better hackers.
This could be very effective. While governments bomb and soldiers attack on the ground, it's essential that ISIS' recruitment and funding be killed. If DDoS and other shutdown tactics make social media useless to the terror group, it will find it far more difficult to fund terror and recruit replacements.
Let's take a look at Anonymous' prospects for weakening ISIS in these areas.
Funding
ISIS does get some funding from governments, but that's generally done quietly. Governments are subjected to International pressure to make ISIS a pariah, so most funding from nation states is kept secret. But Anonymous is impressively good at revealing secrets, so its activities could make it much harder for evil-oriented governments to back ISIS without paying a price.
ISIS also makes money by selling items it steals, but that funding is limited.
Mostly, ISIS relies on small donations from supporters, after they've been indoctrinated. The Anonymous campaign can be effective in this area in two ways. First, by repeatedly shutting down huge numbers of donation sites, Anonymous will make it far harder for people who want to donate to do so. Second, by shutting down propaganda sites, it can reduce the number of people who feel the desire to donate.
By the way, this has to be done in conjunction with military attacks. As those attacks happen, ISIS scum (sorry, but that's the harshest language Computerworld will let me use) will use them to recruit people and beg for money. Anonymous shutdowns will make it far harder to get those messages out and for anyone who does see such messages to respond.
Recruitment
In this area, Anonymous' cyberwarfare can be far more effective than bombs and bullets. Recruitment requires three elements: Get messages to potential supporters and sympathizers; convince them to support you; give them the means to connect with you. (Note: Attempts to infiltrate these operations are another great tactic because, if nothing else, they force ISIS to be ultra-suspicious of anyone too eager to join.)
Social media and the dark Web are the only practical ways — beyond word-of-mouth, which is far too slow and inefficient for a global operation — ISIS can do this. Its leaders have learned social media well. If Anonymous can keep ahead of ISIS in shutting down propaganda, recruitment and fundraising sites and feeds of all kinds, its cyberwar, in conjunction with standard military attacks, can work.
So, though I have never had kind words for Anonymous in the past, I am truly hopeful that in this endeavor it will find success. When we see atrocities like what happened last week in Paris, it's natural for many of us to feel helpless. But the coders and other technically oriented folk who have joined forces with Anonymous have a chance to make a difference.
On Feb. 29 Georgia legislators discussed a new proposed law that would make union picketing a felony but yesterday the sheriff of the largest county in the state blasted the bill, saying it would require them to shift from policing crime to policing free speech.
In a letter to SN49's sponsor, state Sen. Don Balfour, Fulton County Sheriff Theodore “Ted” Jackson said the bill would turn law enforcement's role “into a political one, where we would have to determine what protests do and do not fall under the definition of unlawful picketing under the bill.
“The role of law enforcement should not be to police free speech. But the intent of the bill seems to be just that. By targeting only protests dealing with labor disputes, you are putting police officers in the difficult position of silencing the voices of Georgians and, in the process setting us up to face potential lawsuits that would ultimately be paid for by taxpayers.”
The sheriff also declared: “In addition, the bill would divert badly needed resources away from protecting Fulton County's residents.”
At a press conference yesterday, leaders of numerous civil rights, community, faith, environmental and labor organizations also condemned the bill.
Rev. Timothy McDonald III, pastor of Atlanta's First Iconium Baptist Church, called the bill “an assault on working class people in America…the epitome of hypocrisy. It violates our freedom to assemble, our freedom of speech.”
Martin Luther King III, son of the slain civil rights leader, was among those at the press conference.
They told reporters that if the law had been enacted during Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s time, it would have devastated the civil rights movement.
Charlie Fleming, president of the Georgia AFL-CIO, said the law would actually be “unenforceable” and that it would have the hidden consequences of straining public safety resources already stretched to the hilt by budget cuts.
I previously wrote about how to interoperate between Objective-C and Rust and use a Rust macro to pass a variable number of arguments to objc_msgSend . Well, there's a problem with this: objc_msgSend isn't a variadic function!
objc_msgSend is actually a “trampoline” that works by jumping directly to the implementation of the method, not calling it and passing parameters. Safely calling it requires first casting it to the type of the underlying method implementation, like:
// id result = [obj description]; id result = (( id ( * )( id , SEL )) objc_msgSend )( obj , @selector ( description ));
If you try to call objc_msgSend as if it were a variadic function, weird things can happen!
Handling arguments
How can we handle objc_msgSend in Rust? Let's try to write a wrapper function that calls it correctly. It's easy to see how we could do this for, say, two arguments:
unsafe fn msg_send < A , B , R > ( obj : * mut Object , op : Sel , arg1 : A , arg2 : B ) -> R { // Transmute objc_msgSend to the type of the method implementation let msg_send_fn : unsafe extern fn ( * mut Object , Sel , A , B ) -> R = mem :: transmute ( objc_msgSend ); msg_send_fn ( obj , op , arg1 , arg2 ) }
But our function needs to be able to accept one argument, or no arguments, or more than 2. This sounds a lot like function overloading, which Rust doesn't support. However, there's a pattern that can emulate function overloading in Rust: functions with a generic parameter. In our case, our function could take a generic parameter that is the arguments, represented as a tuple:
unsafe fn msg_send < T , R > ( obj : * mut Object , op : Sel , args : T ) -> R { ... }
How do we implement this now? Well, it was easy to implement for a fixed number of arguments, so we can let the arguments themselves handle calling objc_msgSend . Let's add a MessageArguments trait and implement it for tuples:
impl < A , B > MessageArguments for ( A , B ) { unsafe fn send < R > ( self , obj : * mut Object , op : Sel ) -> R { // Transmute objc_msgSend to the type of the method implementation let msg_send_fn : unsafe extern fn ( * mut Object , Sel , A , B ) -> R = mem :: transmute ( objc_msgSend ); let ( arg1 , arg2 ) = self ; msg_send_fn ( obj , op , arg1 , arg2 ) } }
Using a macro, we can easily implement this trait for tuples from size 0 to some upper bound. Our function simply becomes:
unsafe fn msg_send < T , R > ( obj : * mut Object , op : Sel , args : T ) -> R where T : MessageArguments { args . send ( obj , op ) }
And now we're no longer pretending that objc_msgSend is variadic!
Return types
There's one other caveat with objc_msgSend , though: different versions of it are used for different return types. Which version is used depends on the calling conventions of the architecture.
Let's encapsulate this with a simple function that returns the correct version of objc_msgSend for the return type:
fn msg_send_fn < R > () -> unsafe extern fn ( * mut Object , Sel , ...) -> R { ... }
We can implement this for different architectures with a cfg attribute. x86's calling conventions are arguably the most complicated, so for it this function would look like:
#[cfg(target_arch = "x86" )] fn msg_send_fn < R : Any > () -> unsafe extern fn ( * mut Object , Sel , ...) -> R { use std :: any :: TypeId ; let type_id = TypeId :: of ::< R > (); let size = mem :: size_of ::< R > (); if type_id == TypeId :: of ::< f32 > () || type_id == TypeId :: of ::< f64 > () { unsafe { mem :: transmute ( objc_msgSend_fpret ) } } else if size == 0 || size == 1 || size == 2 || size == 4 || size == 8 { unsafe { mem :: transmute ( objc_msgSend ) } } else { unsafe { mem :: transmute ( objc_msgSend_stret ) } } }
With this msg_send_fn function defined for each architecture, we can use it to get the correct version of objc_msgSend for our return type.
We covered the defensive backs first, and now in our second installment of Raider combine top performers, we talk about the linebackers. It seems appropriate due to the fact that the Raiders will be in the market for a linebacker or two this offseason.
The most athletic linebacker the Raiders have had in recent years is Jon Alston. They had a combine best among linebackers with a 4.4 40-yard dash. They were 2 nd in the broad jump (11'), 4 th in the 3 cone drill (6.90) and 5 nd in the vertical jump (40"). Their potential had them chosen by the Rams in the third round of the2006 draft where they lasted just one season. After they were cut, the Raiders gave them a call (no doubt because they were disappointed the Rams drafted them before they could). They would spend three seasons with the Raiders as a solid special teams contributor.
Just after them at that same combine was Thomas Howard of whom the Raiders chose in round two that year. They were just behind Alston in the 40-yard dash with a 4.42 time. They were also 2 nd among linebackers in the 60 yard shuttle (11.22).
The Raiders currently have one freakishly athletic linebacker on the team in Aaron Curry. They were chosen 4th overall by the Seahawks in 2009 (Not to be outdone, the Raiders had the 7 th pick that year which they used on combine freak Darrius Heyward-Bey). Curry had a linebacker combine bests with a 4.56 40, 37 vertical jumps, 10.4 broad jump, and 11.35 60 yd shuttles. Turns out those numbers didn't add up to a Pro Bowl career and they were traded to the Raiders last season.
Outside of position drills, how important do you think these drills are in measuring a prospective NFL player?
May 8, 2015 7 min read
Elon Musk's life story reads like a sci-fi action thriller, only with a rocky, awkward beginning and a few false starts along the way.
They coded their first computer game when they were 12 – a space-themed quest, no surprise. They couch-surfed broke and without a home as an immigrant in Canada. They bounced back and made their first millions in an Internet minute at the tender age of 28. And they walked away from being held at gunpoint while trying to buy rockets in Russia.
Oh, and he's hellbent on putting the first man on Mars. No big deal.
Related: Elon Musk Unveils Clean, Green Batteries to Power the World
What otherworldly adventure will the 43-year-old visionary inventor-entrepreneur wow us with next? We're all watching to see. Will “The Musk Who Fell to Earth” save us from ourselves? Will they save the planet, then leave it behind? Or will they fail miserably? We'll have to wait and see. The spoiler alerts are still unwritten.
In the meantime, let's take a voyage through some of the lesser-known facets of their fascinating life on Planet Earth. There's much more to Musk than their “world-changing mojo.”
Here are five surprising facts about the charming futurist billionaire you might not know.
1. They were the inspiration for Tony Stark in the Iron Man movies.
The rumors aren't PR sorcery after all. At first, Iron Man director Jon Favreau struggled with how to bring the charismatic tech tycoon Tony Stark character to life. Then Robert Downey Jr. convinced Favreau to chat in-person with Musk. They did and the rest is Hollywood history. Favreau says they have zero regrets. “Downey was right,” they wrote in TIME. “Elon is a paragon of enthusiasm, good humor and curiosity – a Renaissance man in an era that needs them.”
Favreau was looking for a “guy who could make anything happen.” They hit the bullseye with Musk. “So we came to see him,” Favreau told The Telegraph. “He likes to say engineering is the closest thing to magic, and they really believes that.”
Related: Elon Musk's Ex-Wife on What They Learned Living With an Entrepreneurial Success
Musk is quite the good sport about their flashy big screen portrayal, even appearing for 10 seconds as themselves in Iron Man 2. They also allowed portions of the flick to be filmed inside and outside of SpaceX, their Hawthorne, Calif.-based space enterprise.
2. They spent up to five hours a day reading as a child and still does.
Take note, parents: Kids don't get Elon Musk smart zoning out on TV all day. Considering their long list of intellectual pursuits and accomplishments, it's no surprise that the rocket scientist is and was a voracious reader. As a child, they read four to five hours a day, their veteran fashion model mother, Maye Musk, told GQ, consuming super hero-filled comic books and J.R.R. Tolkien epics.
They still read books like a madman today, just not the paper kind. According to Forbes, the bookshelves in the massive library in their sprawling Bel Air, Calif. mansion remain empty. That's because they “devours books exclusively on their iPhone,” including titles like Walter Isaacson's Steve Jobs and the Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin.
Related: 8 CEOs Who Amassed a Fortune Before Age 30 (Infographic)
Musk also reportedly no longer reads works of fiction. He's a man of fact. “Elon simply isn't interested in things that are not there,” also reports Forbes. “Only in things that are, or plausibly could be. Facts. Elon needs facts the way they need air.”
3. They were chronically bullied in school.
Musk wasn't always the “it” guy everyone wants to talk to or be. They didn't fit in at school in their hometown of Pretoria, South Africa. Their mom told Esquire in 2012 that they were “the youngest and smallest guy in their school.” Bullies preyed on them daily.
“Kids gave Elon a very hard time,” their younger brother, Kimbal, said. "It's pretty rough in South Africa. If you're getting bullied, you still have to go to school. You just have to get up in the morning and go. They hated it so much."
Related: Can Tesla's Home Battery Lower Your Electric Bill? Well...
Musk eventually found comfort in tinkering with computers and entrepreneurship. They sold Blastar, the galactic video game they coded as a preteen, for $500 and came very close to opening an arcade near their high school. Formerly a Canadian citizen and now a U.S. Citizen, Musk boasts more than a few successful tech startups under their belt -- including one you might have heard of called PayPal. He's a world-renowned, astronomically successful business person, sitting on a fortune worth an estimated $13 billion and growing. Who's laughing at who now, huh, punks?
4. They have five sons, all with kick-ass names.
Griffin, Xavier, Damian, Saxon and Kai. Lucky boys. They're all heirs to Musk's meteoric legacy and fortune. Their brood includes twins born in 2004 and triplets born in 2006. All are from Musk's marriage to their first wife, Canadian fantasy author Justine Wilson, whom they share custody with. Tragically, Musk's first son, Nevada, died of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome at 10 months old.
Last August, Musk's lively brood had a little giggly fun dousing their famous dad during their cheeky, yet relatively underwhelmingly low-tech version of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
Related: Elon Musk Wants to Build a Second Internet in Outer Space to the Tune of $10 Billion
How does the Tesla Motors CEO and SpaceX CEO and CTO juggle running two companies and raising five boys, we wonder? “With great difficulty,” they confessed a couple of years back. They also said they hope their boys will be able to travel to other planets. “I'm not sure I'll be able to do that in my lifetime,” they said. “I hope so, but it kind of depends on how long I live and how much progress we make.”
5. Dude, he's a burner.
No, not that kind of burner. A Burning Man burner. Yes, even Richie Rich, buttoned-up corporate bigwigs dig some down and dirty debauchery in the desert from time to time. Elon Musk is no exception. He's partied on the Playa more than a few times. Turns out they brainstormed the idea for SolarCity, which they now chair, with their cousin whilst they tore through the Nevada desert, destination Black Rock City.
Some have speculated that Musk's long-standing Burning Man roots in the Silver State likely played a role in their decision to launch their first Gigafactory there. Who knows.
We'd love to do some speculating of our own on what the thrillionaire bachelor partakes in at “the Burn.” But, judging by the lack of juicy details on the Internet about their dabblings at the hedonistic hippie fest, when it comes to Musk, what happens at Burning Man apparently stays at Burning Man. Whatever they do, it's probably out of this world.
Related: Elon Musk Profiled Kanye West? The Most Surprising Pairings on the TIME 100 List.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's leaders pledged to let markets play a “decisive” role in the economy as they unveiled a reform agenda for the next decade on Tuesday, looking to secure new drivers of future growth.
A worker wields a hammer at a demolition site in front of new residential buildings in Hefei, Anhui province, October 19, 2013. REUTERS/Stringer
China aims to achieve “decisive results” in its reform push by 2020, with economic changes in focus, the ruling Communist Party said in a communiqué released by state media at the end of a four-day conclave of its 205-member Central Committee.
The self-imposed deadline for progress - rare for Beijing to lay out in such clear terms - together with the creation of a top-level working group and an emphasis on “top-level design”, suggest a more decisive reform push by the administration of President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang than under the previous leadership.
They must unleash new sources of growth as the economy, after three decades of breakneck expansion, begins to sputter, burdened by industrial overcapacity, piles of debt and eroding competitiveness.
“You should look back in history. When Deng Xiaoping started the reform and opening movement, they actually did something very similar in nature, creating a very powerful working group,” said Steve Wang, China chief economist with The Reorient Group in Hong Kong.
“These guys report direct into the power center of the Communist Party. This is definitely not something to be looked at as another layer of bureaucracy, this is something to speed things up, to make things more efficient.”
The leaders also set up a state committee to improve security as Beijing seeks to tackle growing social unrest and unify the powers of a disparate security apparatus in the face of growing challenges at home and abroad.
While the statement was short on details, which prompted disappointment on social media, it is expected to kick off specific measures by state agencies over the coming years to gradually reduce the role of the state in the economy.
Historically, such third plenary sessions of a newly installed Central Committee have acted as a springboard for key economic reforms, and the follow-up to this meeting will serve as a first test of the new leadership's commitment to reform.
CAUTIOUS ON STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES
While the party effectively upgraded the importance of markets in its philosophy - previous policy statements often described markets as playing only a “basic” role in allocating resources - it also made clear that it had no plans to radically reduce the role of the state in the economy.
State-owned enterprises, which now control large swathes of the economy, will continue to play a leading role, even while the government creates more room for private enterprise by opening up more industries to private capital, it said.
Among the issues singled out for change, the party said it would work to deepen fiscal and tax reform, establish a unified land market in cities and the countryside, give farmers more property rights, and develop a sustainable social security system - all seen as necessary for putting the world's second-largest economy on a more stable footing.
Today, expanding the urban population to help transform the economy to one that is led more by consumption is being thwarted in part by a rigid residence registration system.
The system ties entitlement to public services, such as pension, healthcare insurance and free public schooling, to home villages and towns.
That makes it hard for the migrant workers that Beijing wants to encourage to move and work in cities to become full-fledged urban dwellers and consumers.
Restrictions on farmers from selling their land also impede this process, leaving many caught between the city and village.
HUNGRY FOR DETAILS
Out of a long list of areas the meeting had been expected to tackle, most analysts singled out a push towards a greater role for markets in the financial sector and reforms to public finances as those most likely to get immediate attention.
As part of that, Beijing is expected to push forward with freeing up the movement of capital in and out of China. The 2020 target date for making significant strides on reform could fuel expectations the government will be looking to achieve breakthroughs in freeing up the closely managed yuan by then.
Still, some observers were skeptical about just how far its efforts would go.
“Top billing is given to granting markets a ‘decisive' role in resource allocation, which could mean a great deal, or very little,” Mark Williams, chief Asia Economist with Capital Economics in London, wrote in a note.
The reaction on Chinese social media was broadly of disappointment over the lack of details.
“What is there to be said about the third plenum? Having read it, it feels like not having read it at all - there are no details, no regulations,” said one user named Yu Chunxi, who says they work for a state-run asset management company.
Even with its new focus on central co-ordination of reform efforts, Beijing will likely face stiff resistance from those who benefit from the status quo - powerful heads of state companies to local officials who can benefit, often through graft, from the current focus on land sales and infrastructure investment.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Few China watchers had expected Xi and Li to take on powerful state monopolies, judging that the political costs of doing so were just too high. Many economists argue that other reforms will have only limited success if the big state-owned firms' stranglehold on key markets is not tackled.
But instead, the focus will be on indirect steps to limit the power of state behemoths and open up space for nimbler, private and foreign rivals - opening up markets to private and foreign investment and deregulation tested in free trade zones.
Beijing also predictably drew a line in the sand about how far it was willing to go on reforms - while it would move towards a more market-oriented economy and seek to weed out corruption and onerous bureaucracy, it would not entertain serious political reforms, or “change the flag”, as it put it.
Pandora Saga Open Beta Client
Here's the full open beta client for the free-to-play MMORPG Pandora Saga which starts on the 7th of January and is open to anyone with an Atlus account
There exists a Great Empire with an ultimate weapon of terrible power. The people of this land, divided into three warring nations, have come to call this force "Pandora." Each faction-the Kingdom of St. Pfelstein, Varik Confederation, and the Latugan Empire-seeks Pandora for themselves, for it is written that Pandora's wielder will rule the world. So it is amidst this battle for supremacy, with an entire realm devouring itself from greed for power, that you awaken. Bereft of memory, you will choose a side and lend your strength to their defense lest the war for control of Pandora brings the walls of your nation crumbling down...
Sign up for an account
here
Key Features
* War of tremendous scale-With an emphasis on PvP action and a variety of immense theatres of war upon which to wage battle, some of Pandora Saga's greatest conflicts can host as many as 600 combatants.
* Real-time, strategy-laced combat-Breaking from genre traditions, attacks occur in real-time based on user inputs. Bonuses based on player tactics, such as the direction from which an enemy is attacked, can be exercised by either combatant, making for exceptionally tense PvP encounters.
* A world full of meaningful choices-Ally with one of three major nations, join a guild (or create your own), and explore a variety of deep customization options. Combat-related choices, such as managing defensive strong points across the game world's many vast battlefields and one's preference for how to enter battle (on horseback, for example), highlight Pandora Saga's fast, action-packed battles.
Innovative screen to be unveiled on Saturday
NORWICH City are delighted that for the first time, a permanently-fixed big screen will be in place at Carrow Road for the 2016-17 season and beyond.The screen will be situated in front of the Holiday Inn Hotel between the South Stand sponsored by The Galway Roast and the Barclay Stand in association with Coral, and will debut in City's game against Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday (5:30pm).The innovative screen, the first rotating big screen in world football, is supplied by leading stadium LED screen manufacturers ADI , and is part of our ongoing commitment to enhance the matchday experience for as many of our fans as possible.An exclusive pre-match show featuring a range of exciting video content, including highlights of previous matches, will help build the atmosphere, while during the game fans will be able to enjoy action replays of City's goals.The Club has also introduced more than 60 new small screens into concourse areas for the enjoyment of supporters throughout the stadium.City's Head of Marketing Ed Guichard said: "The big screen sees the latest enhancement in the matchday experience at Carrow Road and it's sure to have a big impact."In using the latest technology we've been able to install the first screen of its kind in any football ground in the world and we're really excited to unveil it."
El presidente de Ciudadanos, Albert Rivera, ha propuesto este jueves que el PP, el PSOE y la formación naranja negocien la formación de un gobierno de consenso en el que no estén ni Mariano Rajoy, ni Pedro Sánchez ni él mismo y que esté encabezado por una figura independiente.
En una entrevista en Telecinco, Rivera ha dicho estar de acuerdo con el planteamiento que hace el jurista Francesc de Carreras en un artículo de opinión publicado esta semana en 'El País'.
En ese artículo, De Carreras dice que si las cuestiones personales entre los líderes políticos son "insalvables" hasta el punto de que impidan formar gobierno y haya que convocar elecciones de nuevo, podría recurrirse como "última baza" a "una personalidad independiente" que esté "por encima de toda sospecha partidista" y sea aceptada por quienes le den soporte.
En opinión de Rivera, "llegados a este punto", tras el fracaso de la investidura del secretario general del PSOE, Pedro Sánchez, ante la dificultad de celebrar una reunión a tres entre el PP, el PSOE y C's y a pocos días de que el Rey haga la última ronda de consulta con los partidos, la opción que presenta De Carreras "no es ninguna barbaridad".
El presidente de Ciudadanos ha indicado que existe un "bloqueo" relacionado con "la situación personal" de los líderes de los partidos, ante el cual hay que buscar soluciones que "desatasquen". Por tanto, "si los líderes políticos somos el problema, demos un paso atrás" y "seamos capaces de formar un gobierno de consenso", ha manifestado.
Ese ejecutivo, según su propuesta, sería "transversal", "moderado" y de "transición", y se basaría en una serie de acuerdos entre los tres partidos para sacar adelante un pacto nacional por la educación, la reforma de la ley electoral, un acuerdo anticorrupción o la modificación de la Constitución.
article
As the staggering national student loan debt tally sits at an all-time high of $1.33 trillion, according to the Department of Education, many Millennials say they would go to extreme lengths to wipe their slate clean.
Continue Reading Below
According to a new survey from Credible, a personal finance website, 50% of all respondents (ages 18-34) said they would give up their right to vote during the next two presidential elections in order to never have to make another loan payment again.
Other extremes include a willingness to ditch ride-sharing services like Uber or Lyft (44%) and giving up travel outside of the country for five years (42%) to have student loans forgiven.
Yet, only 27% said they would be willing to move in with their parents for five years or give up texting at 13%. Of the 500 Millennials surveyed, only 8.2% of them chose to keep paying off their debt and not give up anything.
The survey comes just as The Associated Press reports that tens of thousands of former students have been left in limbo as the Trump administration has delayed action on requests for loan forgiveness, according to court documents. The report says The Education Department is sitting on more than 65,000 unapproved claims as it rewrites Obama-era rules that sought to better protect students.
During their campaign, Trump proposed student loan forgiveness after 15 years of repayment. However since taking office, Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy Devos' initial education budget have sought to eliminate current loan forgiveness programs.
Advertisement
In July, FOX Business reported on a similar survey from MoneyTips.com that found that nearly 42% of Americans think President Trump's administration should forgive all federal student debt in order to help stimulate the economy.
Michael Dubrow, co-founder of MoneyTips, told FOX Business that while the survey didn't specifically focus on Millennials (ages 18-29) a majority of them were “especially passionate” about it, nearly twice as much as those 50 and older.
“Even if older people are still paying off their loans, younger people paid more and borrowed more for higher education,” Dubrow said in an interview in July.
Sacred Geometry Introductory Tutorial by Bruce Rawles
In nature, we find patterns, designs and structures from the most minuscule particles, to expressions of life discernible by human eyes, to the greater cosmos. These inevitably follow geometrical archetypes, which reveal to us the nature of each form and its vibrational resonances. They are also symbolic of the underlying metaphysical principle of the inseparable relationship of the part to the whole. It is this principle of oneness underlying all geometry that permeates the architecture of all form in its myriad diversity. This principle of interconnectedness, inseparability and union provides us with a continuous reminder of our relationship to the whole, a blueprint for the mind to the sacred foundation of all things created.
The Sphere
(charcoal sketch of a sphere by Nancy Bolton-Rawles)
Starting with what may be the simplest and most perfect of forms, the sphere is an ultimate expression of unity, completeness, and integrity. There is no point of view given greater or lesser importance, and all points on the surface are equally accessible and regarded by the center from which all originate. Atoms, cells, seeds, planets, and globular star systems all echo the spherical paradigm of total inclusion, acceptance, simultaneous potential and fruition, the macrocosm and microcosm.
The Circle
The circle is a two-dimensional shadow of the sphere which is regarded throughout cultural history as an icon of the ineffable oneness; the indivisible fulfillment of the Universe. All other symbols and geometries reflect various aspects of the profound and consummate perfection of the circle, sphere and other higher dimensional forms of these we might imagine.
The ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter, Pi, is the original transcendental and irrational number. (Pi equals about 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937511…) It cannot be expressed in terms of the ratio of two whole numbers, or in the language of sacred symbolism, the essence of the circle exists in a dimension that transcends the linear rationality that it contains. Our holistic perspectives, feelings and intuitions encompass the finite elements of the ideas that are within them, yet have a greater wisdom than can be expressed by those ideas alone.
The Point
At the center of a circle or a sphere is always an infinitesimal point. The point needs no dimension, yet embraces all dimension. Transcendence of the illusions of time and space result in the point of here and now, our most primal light of consciousness. The proverbial “light at the end of the tunnel” is being validated by the ever-increasing literature on so-called “near-death experiences”. If our essence is truly spiritual omnipresence, then perhaps the “point” of our being “here” is to recognize the oneness we share, validating all “individuals” as equally precious and sacred aspects of that one.
Life itself as we know it is inextricably interwoven with geometric forms, from the angles of atomic bonds in the molecules of the amino acids, to the helical spirals of DNA, to the spherical prototype of the cell, to the first few cells of an organism which assume vesical, tetrahedral, and star (double) tetrahedral forms prior to the diversification of tissues for different physiological functions. Our human bodies on this planet all developed with a common geometric progression from one to two to four to eight primal cells and beyond.
Almost everywhere we look, the mineral intelligence embodied within crystalline structures follows a geometry unfaltering in its exactitude. The lattice patterns of crystals all express the principles of mathematical perfection and repetition of a fundamental essence, each with a characteristic spectrum of resonances defined by the angles, lengths and relational orientations of its atomic components.
The Square Root of Two
The square root of 2 embodies a profound principle of the whole being more than the sum of its parts. (The square root of two equals about 1.414213562…) The orthogonal dimensions (axes at right angles) form the conjugal union of the horizontal and vertical which give birth to the greater offspring of the hypotenuse. The new generation possesses the capacity for synthesis, growth, integration and reconciliation of polarities by spanning both perspectives equally. The root of two originating from the square leads to a greater unity, a higher expression of its essential truth, faithful to its lineage.
The fact that the root is irrational expresses the concept that our higher dimensional faculties can't always necessarily be expressed in lower order dimensional terms – e.g. “And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.” (from the Gospel of St. John, Chapter 1, verse 5). By the same token, we have the capacity to surpass the genetically programmed limitations of our ancestors, if we can shift into a new frame of reference (i.e. neutral with respect to prior axes, yet formed from that matrix-seed conjugation. Our dictionary refers to the word matrix both as a womb and an array (or grid lattice). Our language has some wonderful built-in metaphors if we look for them!
The Golden Ratio
The golden ratio (a.k.a. phi ratio a.k.a. sacred cut a.k.a. golden mean a.k.a. divine proportion) is another fundamental measure that seems to crop up almost everywhere, including crops. (The golden ratio is about 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309180…) The golden ratio is the unique ratio such that the ratio of the whole to the larger portion is the same as the ratio of the larger portion to the smaller portion. As such, it symbolically links each new generation to its ancestors, preserving the continuity of relationship as the means for retracing its lineage.
The golden ratio (phi) has some unique properties and makes some interesting appearances:
phi = phi^2 – 1; therefore 1 + phi = phi^2; phi + phi^2 = phi^3; phi^2 + phi^3= phi^4; ad infinitum. phi = (1 + square root(5)) / 2 from quadratic formula, 1 + phi = phi^2. phi = 1 + 1/(1 + 1/(1 + 1/(1 + 1/(1 + 1/(1 + 1/…))))) phi = 1 + square root(1 + square root(1 + square root(1 + square root(1 + square root(1 + …))))) phi = (sec 72)/2 =(csc 18)/2 = 1/(2 cos 72) = 1/(2 sin 18) = 2 sin 54 = 2 cos 36 = 2/(csc 54) = 2/ (sec 36) for all you trigonometry enthusiasts. phi = the ratio of segments in a 5-pointed star (pentagram) considered sacred to Plato and Pythagoras in their mystery schools. Note that each larger (or smaller) section is related by the phi ratio, so that a power series of the golden ratio raised to successively higher (or lower) powers is automatically generated: phi, phi^2, phi^3, phi^4, phi^5, etc.
phi = apothem to bisected base ratio in the Great Pyramid of Giza
phi = ratio of adjacent terms of the famous Fibonacci Series evaluated at infinity; the Fibonacci Series is a rather ubiquitous set of numbers that begins with one and one and each term thereafter is the sum of the prior two terms, thus: 1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,144… (interesting that the 12th term is 12 “raised to a higher power”, which appears prominently in a vast collection of metaphysical literature)
The mathematician credited with the discovery of this series is Leonardo Pisano Fibonacci and there is a publication devoted to disseminating information about its unique mathematical properties, The Fibonacci Quarterly
Fibonacci ratios appear in the ratio of the number of spiral arms in daisies, in the chronology of rabbit populations, in the sequence of leaf patterns as they twist around a branch, and a myriad of places in nature where self-generating patterns are in effect. The sequence is the rational progression towards the irrational number embodied in the quintessential golden ratio.
This most aesthetically pleasing proportion, phi, has been utilized by numerous artists since (and probably before!) the construction of the Great Pyramid. As scholars and artists of eras gone by discovered (such as Leonardo da Vinci, Plato, and Pythagoras), the intentional use of these natural proportions in art of various forms expands our sense of beauty, balance and harmony to optimal effect. Leonardo da Vinci used the Golden Ratio in their painting of The Last Supper in both the overall composition (three vertical Golden Rectangles, and a decagon (which contains the golden ratio) for alignment of the central figure of Jesus.
The outline of the Parthenon at the Acropolis near Athens, Greece is enclosed by a Golden Rectangle by design.
The Square Root of 3 and the Vesica Piscis
The Vesica Piscis is formed by the intersection of two circles or spheres whose centers exactly touch. This symbolic intersection represents the “common ground”, “shared vision” or “mutual understanding” between equal individuals. The shape of the human eye itself is a Vesica Piscis. The spiritual significance of “seeing eye to eye” to the “mirror of the soul” was highly regarded by numerous Renaissance artists who used this form extensively in art and architecture. The ratio of the axes of the form is the square root of 3, which alludes to the deepest nature of the triune which cannot be adequately expressed by rational language alone.
Spirals
This spiral generated by a recursive nest of Golden Triangles (triangles with relative side lengths of 1, phi and phi) is the classic shape of the Chambered Nautilus shell. The creature building this shell uses the same proportions for each expanded chamber that is added; growth follows a law which is everywhere the same. The outer triangle is the same as one of the five “arms” of the pentagonal graphic above.
Toroids
Rotating a circle about a line tangent to it creates a torus, which is similar to a donut shape where the center exactly touches all the “rotated circles.” The surface of the torus can be covered with 7 distinct areas, all of which touch each other; an example of the classic “map problem” where one tries to find a map where the least number of unique colors are needed. In this 3-dimensional case, 7 colors are needed, meaning that the torus has a high degree of “communication” across its surface. The image shown is a “birds-eye” view.
Dimensionality
The progression from point (0-dimensional) to line (1-dimensional) to plane (2-dimensional) to space (3-dimensional) and beyond leads us to the question – if mapping from higher order dimensions to lower ones loses vital information (as we can readily observe with optical illusions resulting from third to second dimensional mapping), does our “fixation” with a 3-dimensional space introduce crucial distortions in our view of reality that a higher-dimensional perspective would not lead us to?
Fractals and Recursive Geometries
There is a wealth of good literature on this subject; it's always fascinating how nature propagates the same essence regardless of the magnitude of its expression…our spirit is spaceless yet can manifest aspects of its individuality at any scale.
Perfect Right Triangles
The 3/4/5, 5/12/13 and 7/24/25 triangles are examples of right triangles whose sides are whole numbers. The graphic above contains several of each of these triangles. The 3/4/5 triangle is contained within the so-called “King's Chamber” of the Great Pyramid, along with the 2/3/root5 and 5/root5/2root5 triangles, utilizing the various diagonals and sides.
The Platonic Solids
Here are LOTS of math details and images of the Platonic Solids and Archimedean Solids.
The 5 Platonic solids (Tetrahedron, Cube or (Hexahedron), Octahedron, Dodecahedron and Icosahedron) are ideal, primal models of crystal patterns that occur throughout the world of minerals in countless variations. These are the only five regular polyhedra, that is, the only five solids made from the same equilateral, equiangular polygons. To the Greeks, these solids symbolized fire, earth, air, spirit (or ether) and water respectively. The cube and octahedron are duals, meaning that one can be created by connecting the midpoints of the faces of the other. The icosahedron and dodecahedron are also duals of each other, and three mutually perpendicular, mutually bisecting golden rectangles can be drawn connecting their vertices and midpoints, respectively. The tetrahedron is a dual to itself.
From April, 2000 through (at least) December, 2003, we conducted a poll on which Platonic Solid folks liked best; here are the results from that period. If there's interest, I'll start another poll to see if the preferences has shifted! 🙂
Here are some animations of counter-rotating polyhedra and images of the Platonic solids showing their relationships as duals.
Here are fold-up patterns for the Platonic Solids.
The Archimedean Solids
There are 13 Archimedean solids, each of which are composed of two or more different regular polygons. Interestingly, 5 (Platonic) and 13 (Archimedean) are both Fibonacci numbers, and 5, 12 and 13 form a perfect right triangle.
Here are fold-up patterns for the Archimedean Solids.
Stellations of The Platonic Solids and The Archimedean Solids
This is a stellation of a dodecahedron where each pentagonal face is capped with a pentagonal pyramid composed of 5 golden triangles, a sort of 3-dimensional 5-pointed star.
Here are more images of polyhedra (Platonic and Archimedean Solids.)
Metatron's Cube
Metatron's Cube contains 2-dimensional images of the Platonic Solids (as shown above) and many other primal forms.
The Flower of Life
Indelibly etched on the walls of temple of the Osirion at Abydos, Egypt, the Flower of Life contains a vast Akashic system of information, including templates for the five Platonic Solids. The background graphic for this page is a repetitive hexagonal grid based on the Flower of Life. Below is an example of Flower of Life jewelry.
For further information about sacred geometry and many related subjects, visit my Resources page.
The drama was back on The Great British Bake Off on Tuesday night as the presenters' interference caused irrevocable damage to yet another contestant's signature bake.
The fifth episode of the show saw judges Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood challenge the eight remaining bakers to cook and build a tower of biscuits at least 30cm high in four hours, something that would challenge both their culinary and architectural skills.
As contestants had baked as many as 70 shortbread fingers and 16 Viennese Whirls, clothes designer Frances reflected their day job with a tower of haberdashery-inspired biscuits.
Frances has consistently offered up creative bakes on the programme, including a sandwich sponge which arrived in its own edible packaging and looked like lunch, and a cake which housed a secret edible squirrel. In episode two their giant matchbox of matchstick-themed breadsticks had Telegraph critic Neil Midgley demanding to see a rule book , and asking: "Surely it must be cheating for contestants to try and impress the judges with massive props they've made at home and then brought in as presentation aids for their baking."
However, their efforts came unstuck – literally – in the last minute of Tuesday's signature bake challenge when presenter Mel Giedroyc caused the tower to topple when they tried to measure its height.
Crumbs! Frances's tower tumbles, while Giedroyc attempts to save it, ruler in hand. (BBC)
Giedroyc was left to hold the tower in place as the judges made their rounds. When Hollywood and Berry did cast their verdicts on Frances' bake, they concluded that although the biscuits were "beautifully baked", the lack of height was a disadvantage.
According to the Virgin Media Hotlist, there were almost 22,000 Great British Bakes Off tweets last night, including 500 that commented specifically on Frances' biscuit tower falling down. There was much sympathy for the contestant, with "Poor Frances" a popular phrase on the social media site. Giedroyc, however, helped to prop the biscuit tower up, triggering the hashtags #humancakestand and #MelToTheRescue.
Giedroyc convinces Frances that the tower will be alright - if they can hold it in place for judging (BBC)
It is not the first time the Bake Off presenters have caused havoc in the baking tent. In episode two Sue Perkins caused a dent in contestant Howard Middleton's otherwise commendable muffins by resting their elbow on one.
The hapless Howard has been at the centre of much of the controversy in this highly eventful series. In episode three, just one week after Perkins ruined their muffins, the 51-year-old became embroiled in what became known as "Custardgate", when fellow contestant Deborah accidentally nabbed their custard for their own trifle, leaving them with their disappointingly “slack custard”. They told The Telegraph that “trouble is following me around” on the show.
The seemingly endless mishaps have not harmed the ratings, however. After a recent episode, which coincided with Arsenal's Champions League qualifier against Fenerbahçe, statistics generated by Attentional and reported by Broadcast Magazine showed that of the men watching the two terrestrial shows, just over half decided to catch up with Mary Berry and the baking contestants. 1.72 million men watched Arsenal's Champions League qualifier on ITV1, while 1.92 million tuned in to BBC2. A small difference of four per cent seperated the choice between the two shows.
Follow @Telegraph_TV
Last year, I expressed moderate unconcern that our house was probably worth less than we paid for it. This year, our very immediate neighborhood experienced something of a hyperlocal housing bubble, as houses on our block and the one immediately south of it sold for hundreds of thousands more than we'd paid. These houses were, to be sure, fully renovated (unlike ours) and had finished basements (alas, unlike ours). Nonetheless, they imply that at the very least, our house is now officially worth what we've paid for it.
Why this should be so--and how long it will last--is a topic that obsesses most DC homeowners. The immediate cause is clear: the District of Columbia grew by 2.7% last year, which is a rocket-like pace compared to most of the rest of the country. But that simply asks us to go one level back. Will DC's growth continue? And for how long?
In the next few years, it's reasonable to expect that the ten year boom in government expansion will come to an end. Does that mean that the DC housing-and-retail boom ends with it? Will population stall?
One school of thought holds that it has to; when the government stops expanding, so will all the ancillary jobs--not just the services to people living and working in the district, but everything from think tanks to lobbyists to journalists covering all this added activity.
If that happens, the gentrification frontier will stabilize, the pace of service addition will slow to a crawl, and house prices will probably fall somewhat, since--especially east of Dupont Circle--they currently contain a fairly hefty expectation of a future price appreciation.
I'm inclined to think, however, that this is not quite right. I don't know whether house prices will stay high--they increased at quite a clip over the last ten years, and they've barely fallen. Ultimately house prices can't keep growing faster than area median income, so without New York's absurd finance incomes, eventually they should stabilize or even pull back.
But on the question of population growth, I'm not sure that the federal government's growth is the only explanation for DC's slow transformation. DC has been plagued with extremely high crime rates for decades; as in many urban areas, that pushed most of the population growth into the suburbs. As I understand it, instead of reversing this trend, in its early years, the building of the metro system initially enhanced it: you could live in the suburbs, but skip the traffic.
DC's suburbs, however, are largely built out; we have some of the worst traffic in the country. There's obviously still room for exurban expansion and denser infill, but as commutes grow longer, there's pressure to look back to the city. Meanwhile, for a bunch of reasons, crime in DC has fallen substantially. In 1995, the city had almost 500 homicides; this year, we'll have a little over 100.
There's a virtuous circle here: as crime falls, more affluent residents stay, providing a broader tax base for better policing. So even if growth in the area stalls, I expect that the district will continue to see its population rise.
However, there's one further caveat. As Matt Yglesias points out, the District's institutions--particularly its schools--remain weak. Most of the growth is taking place among young people who don't yet have kids (or have kids too young to worry about schools). Anecdotally, there are several young families in my neighborhood keeping their kids in DC schools and working hard to boost the quality of their kid's education. But unless a lot of other parents follow their lead, that represents a weak spot in DC's potential for population growth. If job growth slows down, we won't get new young people. And if the old young people leave for the suburbs to educate their kids, growth will stall.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com/AP) — No criminal charges will be filed against a Torrance police officer who mistakenly opened fire on an innocent man's pickup truck during the manhunt for cop-turned-killer Christopher Dorner.
Officer Brian McGee rammed David Perdue's truck with their patrol car, then fired three shots through the driver's side window. Perdue wasn't hit but their truck was riddled with bullets. He's suing the city and officers involved in the shooting, saying they suffered a concussion when their truck's airbag opened and that they have lingering physical and emotional problems.
“He now moves slowly and unsteadily,” the lawsuit states. “His speech is altered. They have problems with their memory. They have nightmares.”
Prosecutors concluded McGee's actions were justified.
At the time, officers around Southern California were on alert for Dorner, a fired Los Angeles police officer who killed four people during a rampage that ended with their suicide as authorities closed in on him.
“McGee's actions are analyzed based on the totality of circumstances, which include McGee's knowledge of Dorner's previous threats and actions in the days and hours preceding these events, which gave rise to an atmosphere of fear and extreme anticipation,” according to Deputy District Attorney Geoffrey Rendon. “Those circumstances created a situation in which a reasonable mistake of fact, namely that Dorner was driving the truck, nearly resulted in a horrific tragedy.
“Nonetheless, given the circumstances, as detailed above, we conclude that Officer McGee was justified in using force to stop the vehicle and in discharging their firearm. Therefore, prosecution in this matter is declined and this office will take no further action.”
(TM and ©Copyright 2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2010 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
SAN DIEGO -- Philadelphia Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon was suspended seven games and fined Monday night by Major League Baseball for making a lewd gesture and then bumping an umpire.
Papelbon said in a statement distributed by their agent that they would immediately begin serving the suspension and that they regret making contact with umpire Joe West on Sunday.
Jonathan Papelbon was suspended and fined an undisclosed amount by MLB for Sunday's incident in which they made an obscene gesture to fans, the league announced Monday. AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee
But the right-hander insisted they aren't making a vulgar motion toward fans as they walked off the field to boos after giving up four runs in the ninth inning of Philadelphia's 5-4 loss to the Miami Marlins. They apologized to Phillies fans in the statement.
"While I completely understand how the fans would perceive my gesture while being booed, it was not my intent whatsoever to insult the fans of Philadelphia," Papelbon said. "If it was perceived in that manner, I sincerely apologize."
Papelbon was ejected by West after the umpire thought Papelbon grabbed their crotch in response to the jeers from the crowd.
"The whole thing started because the fans booed them and they made an obscene gesture. They had no business doing that," West said Sunday. "He's got to be more professional than that. And that's why they were ejected."
The fiery reliever jogged out of the dugout and got into a face-to-face argument with West, who grasped the pitcher's jersey to hold them off, and Papelbon then argued with first-base umpire Marty Foster. Papelbon threw a cup of liquid on the field before leaving the dugout.
"The Phillies fully support the decision of the Commissioner's Office, which has exclusive jurisdiction for on-field player behavior," the team said in a statement. "By Major League Baseball rules, the Phillies have no authority to make official judgments about activity which occurs on the field or to determine the appropriate penalty for misconduct. We apologize to our fans for the actions of our player yesterday."
Papelbon had converted 14 straight save chances since July 22 when they entered Sunday's game with a 4-1 lead.  They are 37-for-41 in save chances this season.
Seventy years ago this morning, the world fully entered the nuclear age with the detonation of the first atomic bomb in Alamogordo, New Mexico. The bomb was the product of the Manhattan Project, a top-secret research program tasked with developing a bomb more powerful than any that had come before. The test, called Trinity, happened at 5:30am local time and yielded an explosion equivalent to 20,000 tons of TNT (20kT).
The Manhattan Project, and the earlier UK effort, Tube Alloys, stemmed from pre-World War II physics research that revealed the huge amounts of energy that could be liberated from the fission of uranium atom nuclei, assuming a self-sustaining chain reaction could be started. The bomb used in the Trinity test, called Gadget, used high explosives to compress plutonium into a critical mass. It was the same design used in the bombing of Nagasaki on August 9, 1945; the bomb used on Hiroshima three days earlier was a cruder design.
Robert Oppenheimer, a physicist chosen to lead the bomb's development, greeted the appearance of a second sun over the desert of New Mexico with a quote from a Hindu scripture, the Bhagavad Gita: "Now I have become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
Trinity was the first human-made nuclear explosion on Earth, but far from the last. The USSR was hard at work on a bomb of its own, spurring an arms race between east and west that led to more than 2,000 nuclear bomb tests by 1998. The US and USSR were responsible for the overwhelming majority, although France, the UK, China, India, South Africa, Israel, and Pakistan all joined the nuclear club over time.
Growing worries about the harmful effects of radioactive fallout drove nuclear tests underground in 1963 with the passage of the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, and in 1996 most of the world signed onto the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (while the US signed the latter, it has never been ratified by the Senate).
Greece's newly appointed finance minister Yanis Varoufakis unveiled a plan today to solve the country's many economic problems by applying policies and practices learned while working as an economic analyst for Valve Corporation.
“Dota 2 has prepared me very well for this new job,” said Varoufakis, a high skill 3,000 MMR player whose poor game impact is offset by their healthy average GPM. “I have turned around games with bigger gold deficits than this.”
Highlighting Greece's established issues with tax evasion, Varoufakis announced that this year Greek citizens would no longer be obligated to pay taxes. Instead, the development and maintenance of infrastructure, as well as the Greek government itself, will now be entirely financed by sales of the recently announced 2015 Greek Citizen ΚοmρεnΔιυm.
“While the recent government reshuffle presents new challenges, we are hoping Greek citizens can help us reach the sovereign debt rating stretch goal,” said newly sworn in Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, who also resembles the Star Trek character Spock. “Reaching this goal would allow us to put together a very attractive bribery package for the S&P credit rating company.”
Starting in 2015, Greece will hold an event called The Incometaxnational, a two-week state holiday event where the wealthiest citizens of each of Greece's thirteen administrative regions will be forced to participate in a tax payment competition. Each region's tax rate for the next five years is then adjusted based on their finish.
“I really hope Thessaly can win TITN this year,” said one Larissan citizen. “We have a much better chance now that East Macedonia was found guilty of tax fixing.”
Citizens who purchase more ΚοmρεnΔιυms will enjoy benefits like custom food and speciality clothing, as well as receiving the ability to vote on certain referendum topics, like which road or government building receives a remodel. Twenty-five percent of ΚοmρεnΔιυm sales will assist in each respective region's Incometaxnational standings for the year.
“I hope the event doesn't tax Twitch's servers too much,” said one anonymous chat user, who added, “ϰ”.
Latest News
If you want to keep eating poison food, you can join the ‘scientists' who keep spewing Monsanto-funded lies. They are telling us that genetically altered crops are good for us and the environment – that they are, in fact, a necessity to feed the world population. They say all of this, even though we seemed to feed the masses just fine without chemical quackery until about 60 years ago, all while dumping millions of tons of unaltered food right into the trash bin. If however, you believe GMOs are toxic, cancer-causing substances, you have another option.
We will always need to fight for what we believe in and ignite change through thing like the March Against Monsanto and the upcoming Monsanto Video Revolt (which you should absolutely get involved in, as it's super easy), but it's also important to use your dollar not only to vote, but also to keep yourself healthy.
Courtesy of the Non-GMO Project, here is a list of companies who make many or even the majority of all their products without GMOs:
Related Read: Top 10 Worst GMO Foods
365
479 Degrees
A. Vogel
Adams Vegetable Oils
Agrana
Agricor Inc.
Ah!Laska
Alexia
Alter Ego
Alverado Street Bakery
Amande
Amelia
Among Friend's
Amy's Kitchen
Andalou Naturals
Angie's Artisan Treats
Annie's
Ariven Planet
Arrowhead Mills
Artisan Bistro
Artisan Bistro Home Direct
Atlantic Organic
Atlantic Rose
Attune Foods
Autumn Sky wild
Back to Nature
Bainter Extra Virgin Sunfllower Oil
Bakery On Main
Barbara's
Barlean's Organic Oils
Barnana
Barney Butter
Basic Food Flavors, Inc.
Beach Bum Foods
Beanfields
Beanitos
Bearitos
Berlin Natural Bakery
Better Bean
BetterStevia
Bhakti Chai
Biad Chili Products
Bites of Bliss
Blue Diamond
blueprint
Bold Organics
Bora Bora
Boulder Canyon Natural Foods
Brad's Leafy Kale
Brad's Raw for Paws
Brad's Raw Chips
Brad's Raw Crackers
Brad's Raw Onion Rings
Braga Organic Farms
Bragg
Brand Aromatics
Bridgewell Resources
Bubbies
Blue Natural
Cabo Chips
Cadia
Cal-Organic Farms
Cafia Farms
California Olive Ranch
Canfo Natural Products
Canyon Bakehouse
Cape Cod Select
Catania
Cave Chick
Cedar's
Central Market Organics
Chappaqua Crunch Granola
Cheweco Organics
Chez Marie, Inc.
ChiaRezza! OMG Foods Inc
Choice Organic Teas
Chosen Foods
CHS Oilseed Processing
Chunks O' Fruti
Ciranda
CleanVia
Coconut Secret
Cocozia
Cool Cups
Coral LLC
Country Choice Organic
Crispy Cat
Crofters
cruncha ma•me
Crunch Master
Curtie's Juice
Dave's Gourmet
David's Unforgettables
Deli-catessen
Della
Desert Essence
Doctor in the Kitchen
Doctor Kracker
Dr. Arenander's BrainGain & Oral Care
Dr. Bronner's Magic
Dream
Drew's LLC
Dulsweet
Earth Balance
Earth's Best
EatPastry
Eatsmart
EcoTeas
Edazen
Eden
Edward & Sons
Eighth Wonder
Emerald Cove
Emile Noel
Emmy's Organics
Emperor's Kitchen
Endangered Species Chocolate
Ener-G Foods
Engine 2
Enjoy Life Foods
Envirokidz
EO
Erewhon
Essential Living Foods, Inc
Everyday Superfoods
Fairfield Specialty Eggs
Familia
FanciFood
Fantastic World Foods
Farm to Table Foods
Farmer's Market
Farmhouse Culture
Field Day
Field Roast Grain Meat Company
Fillmore Farms
Fiordifrutta
Flamous Organics
Flax USA
Flora
Follow Your Heart
Freekeh Foods
Freekehlicious
Freeline Organic Foods
Fresh & Easy
Frey
Frontier
Froovie
Fruit Bliss
Fruit Chia
Fry Group Foods
Fungi Perfecti, LLC
Funky Monkey Snacks
Garden Bar
Garden of Eatin'
Garden of Life
gimMe
Gin
Gingras XO
Giving Nature
GL Soybeans
Global River
GlucoLift
Gluten Free Pantry by Glutino
Glutino
Gnu Foods
Go Raw
Golazo
GoMacro, Inc
Good Health Natural Foods
Good Karma
GoodBelly
GoOrganic/GoNaturally
GoPicnic
Grain Place Foods
Grains of Wellness
Green Gem
Green Island Rice
Green Mountain Gringo
Green Mustache
Grimmway Farms
Growing Naturals
Guayaki
Guiltless Gourmet
Haig's Delicacies
Haiku
Hail Merry
Hapi Foods Group Inc.
Happy Baby Pouches
HappyTot
Harvest Bay
Haute Cuisine
Health is Wealth
Health Warrior
Heavenly Organics
Herbal Zap
High Country Kombucha
Hiland Naturals
Hilary's Eat Well
Himalania
HimalaRose
HimalaSalt
Hodgson Mill
Hol-Grain
Home Appetit
HomeFree
House Foods
Houweling's Tomatoes
Ian's
Imagine
Immaculate Baking
Immortality Alchemy
Imperial Gourmet
Indianlife
Intiyan
It Tastes Raaw
Jaali Bean
JaynRoss Creations LLC
Jeff's Naturals
Jessica's Natural Foods
Jolly Llama
JustFruit
Kamut
Keller Crafted Meats
Kettle Foods
Kettlepop
Kiji
KIND Healthy Snacks
Kiwa
Konriko
Koyo
Kur Organic Superfoods
La Reina
La Spagnola
La Tolteca
La Tourangelle
Lafiya Foods
Lassens
Laughing Giraffe Organics
Laurel Hill
Lekithos
LesserEvil
Let's Do
Licious Organics
Lillabee Allergy Friendly Baking
Little Duck Organics
livingNOW gluten-free
Loeb's
Louts Foods
Lucy's
Luna & Larry's Coconut Bliss
Lundberg Family Farms
Mac-n-Mo's
Made in Nature
Madhava
Mamma Chia
Manitoba Harvest
Marconi Naturals
Maria & Ricardo
Marinelli's True Italian Pasta Sauce
Mariner Biscuit Company
Martha's All Natural
Marukan
Marukome USA
Mary's Chicken
Mary's Gone Crackers
Mary's Little Garden
Mary's Organic Chicken
Mary's Organic Turkey
Mary's Pasture Raised Chicken
Maui Maid
Mediterranean Organic
Mediterranean Snacks
MegaFood
Melt Organic
Metabolic Response Modifiers (MRM)
Mighty Mustard
Mighty Rice
Mighty-O Donuts
Mindful Meats
Minsa
Minsley
Miracle Noodle
Miso Master
Modesto WholeSoy Co.
Momo's
Montana Specialty Mills, LLC
Mori-Nu
Mt Vikos
Muesli Munch
Multiple Organics
MXO GLOBAL INC.
My Chi Delights
Naked Coconuts
Naosap Harvest
Napa Valley Naturals
Nasoya
Nathan's
Native Forest Distributed by Edward & Sons
Natural Directions
Natural Habitats
Natural Nectar
Natural Sea
Natural Tides
Natural Vitality
Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd
Nature Built
Nature Fed
Nature Way
Nature's Express
Nature's Path
Navitas Naturals
Nejaime's
Nest Fresh
New Chapter
New England Naturals
New Organics
New York Superfoods
Nexcel Natural Ingredients
Nexcel Soy
Niagara Natural
NibMor
Nordic Naturals
North Coast
NOW Foods
NOW Healthy Foods
NOW Real Food
NOW Real Tea
Nu Life Market
Numi Organic Tea
Nummy Tum Tum
NurturMe
Nutiva
Nutrigold®
Nuts About Granola
Oh Baby Foods
Old Wessex
Oleicus/Oleico
Once Again
One Degree Organic Foods
One World
Organic Baby
Organic Planet
Organic Valley
Organicville
Oriya Organics
Ozery Bakery
Pacific Natural Foods
Pacific Northwest Farmers
Paisley Tea Co
Palo Root Tea
Pampas Rice / Organic Latin
Pan De Oro
Pascha
Pastorelli Food Products Inc
Peace Cereal
PEACOCK
Peanut Butter & Co.
Peeled Snacks
Peggy's Premium
PJ's Organics
Planet Rice
Plum Organics
Popcorn, Indiana
Popcornopolis
Powbab
President's Choice
PROBAR
PuraSource
Pure
Pure Country Pork
Pure Eire
Purely Decadent
Purely Elizabeth
Pyure Brands
Q.bel
Qrunch Foods
Quinn Popcorn
R.W. Knudsen
Rainbow Light Nutritional Systems
Rapunzel
RAU
Red Hat Co-operative Ltd
Reese
Revive
RiceSelect
Righteously Raw
Rigoni di Asiago Honey
Rishi Tea
Rising Moon Organics
Risodipasta
Rivara
ROBE and Riverina Natural Oils LLC
Roots Route 11
Royal Hawaiian Orchards
Rumiano Family Cheese
Runa
Ruth's Foods
RW Garcia
Sacha
Saffron Road
Sage V Foods
Sainthood Herbs
Salba Smart
Sally's Smart Foods
Salute Santé!
Sambazon
San-J
Santa Cruz Organic
Scratch and Peck
SeaSnax
Secret Squirrel
Seven Stars Farm
Sharkies
Shortstacks
Silk
Silver Hills Sprouted Bakery
Simple Origins
Simply Soy Yogurt
Simply Suzanne
Sir Kensington's
SK Food
Skout
Snyder's of Hanover
So Delicious Dairy Free
Sol Cuisine
Somersault Snack Co.
Sophie's Kitchen
Source
Soyatoo
Spectrum
Spectrum Ingredients
Spicely
Squarebar
Stahlbush Island Farms
Stahlbush Island Farms Ingredients
Stark Sisters Granola
Stash Teas
Stiebrs Farms Go-Organic Eggs
Stone Buhr Flour Company
Straus Family Creamery
Stretch Island Fruit Co
Suja Juice
Sun Cups
SunE900
Sunfood Superfoods
SunRidge Farms
Sunset
Sunset Kidz
Sunshine Burger
Superberries
Surf Sweets
Sushi Sonic
Sweet Sass Foods
Sweet Tree
Sweet Leaf
TAMBOR
Taste of Nature
Tasty Brand
TeaPops
That's It.
The Better Chip
The Chia Co
The Fresh Market
The Ginger People
The Pure Wraps
The Republic of Tea
The Scoular Company
The Simply Bar
The Solio Family
Theo Chocolate
Third Street, Inc.
Three Farmers
Tiny But Might
TOMMYS
Tonnino
Trace Minerals Research
Traditional Medicinals
Tree of Life
Tropical Traditions
Tru Joy Sweets
truRoots
truwhip
Turtle Island Foods
Two Leaves Tea Company
Two Moms in the Raw
TwoFold
Udi's
Union Market
Upfront Foods
Van's Natural Foods
Vegga
Veggie-Go's
Venus
VerMints
Veronica Foods
Viana
Victoria
Vigilant Eats
VitaV
Viterra
Watts Brothers
Way Better Snacks
Wayfare
Weetabix
Western Foods
WestSoy
Whole Alternatives
Whole Earth
Whole Harvest
Whole Pantry
Wholesome Chow
Wholesome Sweeteners
WholeSoy & Co.
Wild Veggie
Wildbrine
Wildwood
Willamette Valley
Wingfoot
Wisdom of the Ancients
Woodstock
XO Baking Co.
Yamasa
Yoga
Yogavivie
Zema's Madhouse Foods
Ziggy Marley Coco'Mon
Ziggy Marley Hemp Rules
Zing Bars
Zulka
Additional Sources:
Institute of Science in Society
Apparently, SmackDown LIVE General Manager Daniel Bryan has been released from that local medical facility Kane sent them to, as they were a guest of the New Jersey Devils at the NHL franchise's inaugural “WWE Night” at Prudential Center in Newark on Thursday night (Nov. 9).
While enjoying some live sports, Bryan talked to The Trentonian newspaper and offered up some interesting comments about a potential in-ring return... possibly even with WWE.
The grand slam champion famously retired from performing in 2016 due concussions and brain injury, and hasn't stopped thinking and talking about coming back since. They recently started a new treatment which has them and wife Brie confident he'll be able to wrestle again soon. The focus of comeback speculation has been on the end of their contract with WWE and where they might head next, but these new quotes could be the first sign the door working in a Raw or SmackDown ring isn't entirely shut - although there are real challenges the company faces even if they thing Bryan is healthy:
“I'm trying to get cleared as we speak. All my tests have come back fantastic, better than people who have never had any concussion-type stuff. But it's a weird thing. We're in a weird situation politically with the climate around concussions; right now, it's very difficult. WWE would love to have me back, but is that the smart thing for me as a business to bring me back? If I was to come back, and they let me back, would they get a lot of flak for it? They have a ton of stockholders that they're responsible for. It's more than just, ‘Is they healthy to do it?' There's more than that to the whole situation. All the concussion doctors think that I'm healthy enough to do it, and that I should be able to do it — well, I don't want to say all of them, I'm sure there's somebody out there who doesn't think that — but there's a lot more than goes into it than just that. That's the unfortunate situation with giant corporations and big business in the United States.”
While “possibly preventing people from injuring themselves” isn't high on my list of issues with corporate America, DB does have an accurate read on things here. Seeing as they've welcomed Kurt Angle back as a part-time performer and are using John Cena and Triple H wherever they can, they'd certainly love to use Bryan to sell tickets and draw viewers if they thought they could get away with it.
But is they more valuable to them as a public relations and legal piece to prove how seriously they take traumatic brain injury?
We'll find out some time in 2018.
The story of how Jesus was born in a manger has been depicted in thousands of ways over the last 2000-or-so years, but not with tampons.
At least until now.
A tampon version of the nativity is one of the newest additions to a collection of bizarre nativity scenes that Christian author Mark Oestreicher has been collecting for the past six years.
The collection, which is now up to 42 nativities, shows the birth of Jesus using bacon, spam, rubber ducks, mermaids and, yes, feminine hygiene products.
Although Oestreicher said the collection is meant to be whimsical and fun, they admit that they thought long and hard about including Baby Jesus as a tampon.
"However, the website where it came from -- tamponcrafts.com -- is a legitmate craft website," they told The Huffington Post.
When Oestreicher first started the collection, they titled it "the worst nativity scenes ever." However, in recent years, he's becoming more forgiving and more accepting.
"After posting these for years, most of them have moved — in my thinking — from worst to awesome," they wrote on their blog. "There are still a few i think hideous, due to my own subjective criteria, but calling it the '42 worst nativity sets' is probably no longer accurate, particularly as I own a few of ‘em."
Democrats hold advantages in party identification among blacks, Asians, Hispanics, well-educated adults and Millennials. Republicans have leads among whites–particularly white men, those with less education and evangelical Protestants–as well as members of the Silent Generation.
A new analysis of long-term trends in party affiliation among the public provides a detailed portrait of where the parties stand among various groups in the population. It draws on more than 25,000 interviews conducted by the Pew Research Center in 2014, which allows examination of partisan affiliation across even relatively small racial, ethnic, educational and income subgroups. {snip}
{snip}
Party ID by race, education
There continue to be stark divisions in partisan leaning by race and ethnicity: Fully 64% of blacks identify as Democrats, compared with 25% of whites. Whites are far more likely than blacks to describe themselves as independents (40% vs. 26%) or Republicans (30% vs. 5%).
As is the case with whites, Hispanics are more likely to describe themselves as independents (44%) than Democrats (34%) or Republicans (13%). More than twice as many Hispanics either affiliate with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic than identify as Republicans or lean toward the GOP (56% vs. 26%), based on interviews conducted in English and Spanish in 2014.
Party identification among Asian Americans has shown little change in recent years. Nearly half of Asian-Americans (46%) are political independents, 37% identify as Democrats while just 11% affiliate with the GOP. When the partisan leanings of independents are included, 65% of Asian Americans identify as Democrats or lean Democratic compared with just 23% who identify as Republicans or lean Republican. This data is based on interviews conducted in English.
Differences in partisan identification across educational categories have remained fairly stable in recent years, with one exception: Highly-educated people increasingly identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party.
About a third (34%) of those with a college degree or more education identify as Democrats, compared with 24% who identify as Republicans; 39% are independents. In 1992, Republicans held a seven-point lead among those with at least a college degree (34% to 27%), while 37% were independents.
Democrats now hold a 12-point lead (52% to 40%) in leaned party identification among those with at least a college degree, up from just a four-point difference as recently as 2010 (48% to 44%). There has been less change since 2010 in the partisan leanings of those with less education.
Currently, those who have attended college but have not received a degree lean Democratic 47% to 42%; Democrats hold a 10-point lead in leaned party identification among those with no more than a high school education (47% to 37%).
The Democrats' wide lead in partisan identification among highly-educated adults is largely the result of a growing advantage among those with any post-graduate experience. A majority (56%) of those who have attended graduate school identify with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic, compared with 36% who align with or lean toward the GOP.
Among those who have received a college degree but have no post-graduate experience, 48% identify as Democrats or lean Democratic, while 43% affiliate with the GOP or lean Republican.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
After reading Alex's post I was a bit worried I would wake up this morning and find the blog retitled, maybe with a new subtitle too. Just a few quick points:
1. There is a clear utilitarian case against open borders, namely that it will — in some but not all cases — lower the quality of governance and destroy the goose that lays the golden eggs. The world's poor would end up worse off too. I wonder if Alex will apply their absolutist idea on fully open borders to say Taiwan.
2. Alex's examples don't support their case as much as they suggest. The American Revolution compromised drastically on slavery, among other matters. (And does Alex even favor that revolution? Should he? Can you be a moral absolutist on both that revolution and on slavery?) American slavery ended through a brutal war, not through the persuasiveness of moral absolutists per se. The British abolished slavery for off-shore islands, but they were very slow to dismantle colonialism, and would have been slower yet if not for two World Wars and fiscal collapse. Should the British anti-slavery movement have insisted that all oppressive British colonialism be ended at the same time? You may argue this one as you wish, but the point is one of empirics, not that the morally absolutist position is generally better.
3. Gay marriage is like “open borders for Canadians.” I'm for both, but I don't see many people succeeding with the “let's privatize marriage” or “let's allow any consensual marriage” arguments, no matter what their moral or practical merits may be. Gay marriage advocates were wise to stick with the more practical case, again choosing an interior solution. Often the crusades which succeed are those which feel morally absolute to their advocates and which also seem like practically-minded compromises to moderates and the undecided.
4. Large numbers of important changes have come quite gradually, including women's rights, protection against child abuse, and environmentalism, among others. I don't for instance think parents should ever hit their children, but trying to make further progress on children's rights by stressing this principle is probably a big mistake and counterproductive.
5. The strength of tribalist intuitions suggests that the moral arguments for fully open borders will have a tough time succeeding or even gaining basic traction in a world where tribalist sentiments have very often been injected into the level of national politics and where, nationalism, at least in the wealthier countries, is perceived as working pretty well. The EU is by far the biggest pro-immigration step we've seen, which is great, but we're seeing the limits of how far that can be pushed. My original post gave some good evidence that a number of countries — though not the United States — are pretty close to the point of backlash from further immigration. Rather than engaging such evidence, I see many open boarders supporters moving further away from it.
6. In the blogosphere, is moralizing really that which needs to be raised in relative status?
Addendum: Robin Hanson adds comment.
And: Alex responds in the comments:
Stupid? Absolutely.
But anti-Islamic? Not so fast, say authorities.
Western University's campus police have cleared a student of any wrongdoing for leaving a pig's head on a Muslim student's dormitory bed.
It's not the first gaffe with cultural overtones this year at Western, which was thrust under a harsh spotlight when some students traded on the Black Lives Matter movement last fall— using the slogan “Western Lives Matter” — after the school delayed its homecoming weekend to nix booze-fuelled troubles.
But the first-year student behind the porcine prank at Huron University College now faces “significant” disciplinary action for the prank, says the school's principal.
“This was not intended with religious or malicious intent,” said principal Barry Craig, who wouldn't elaborate on the punishment, citing privacy concerns.
Practising Muslims abstain from eating pork, because, among other reasons, pigs are considered unclean.
An upper-year student at the Hellmuth Hall residence returned to their residence room and found the pig's head on their pillow, said school officials.
At first, after the student reported it to security, the incident sparked suspicion of Islamophobia.
Surveillance footage from the Western-affiliated school helped to identify the student who was responsible, said John Carson, director of Western's campus police.
The student, whose name wasn't released, told officials they were pulling a prank on their friend — the two had a history of playing jokes on each other — and didn't realize it could be seen as culturally insensitive, said Carson.
“He had no idea that they were offending someone. To say they were extremely remorseful is an understatement,” said Carson, adding the Muslim student dropped their complaint after learning who was responsible.
After speaking with both students, campus police determined a criminal offence hadn't been committed.
Craig said the Monday incident highlights the importance of cultural sensitivity on campus.
“It's not the way that you would want to teach greater cultural sensitivity, but I think that's the lesson that probably will be taken away from this from everybody around,” they said.
So where did the prankster get a roasted pig's head? They grabbed it from a medieval feast event held on campus, Craig said.
“That was the other thing that mitigated against the severity of the penalty, it didn't seem to be a premeditated act,” they said.
Under Huron's residence disciplinary code, penalties range from fines to eviction. But If the incident is dealt with through the school's student code of conduct, expulsion is possible.
Last fall, four young men wearing Western clothing were photographed posing in front of a makeshift banner that said “Western lives Matter” during an unofficial homecoming celebration in October.
The image, posted on the photo- and video-sharing mobile app Instagram, made national headlines, prompting the university to investigate. Though school officials originally condemned the behaviour, they later declared it didn't violate university's code of conduct.
The incident followed a string of potentially hate-motivated crimes against Muslims in London.
In May, a Western PhD student from Iran was beaten by two men outside the Covent Garden Market. The attackers allegedly called the student an Arab and told them to go back to their country while pummelling him. Two men were charged in what police at the time called a possible hate crime.
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaleatLFPress
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A high-profile lawyer accused of raping a woman in their New York City apartment last week has said they will no longer handle a planned wrongful-death lawsuit against the city by the family of Eric Garner, who died after police put them in chokehold during their arrest.
Sanford Rubenstein's law partner will instead handle the lawsuit in the wake of a police investigation into a 42-year-old woman's report that Rubenstein raped her, they said in a statement on Wednesday.
Rubenstein, 70, has handled some of the most prominent civil-rights lawsuits against the city and its police department over the past two decades as the go-to attorney for the Rev. Al Sharpton, the civil-rights activist.
They have denied any criminal wrongdoing.
“I don't want there to be any distractions from the family's fight for justice,” Rubenstein said in the statement released by their law firm, Rubenstein & Rynecki. “Other capable attorneys will remain representing the family in their fight for justice and accountability.”
The death of Garner, a 43-year-old father of six children, outraged much of the city during the summer, becoming the first major test of Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio's promise to reform the police force. Their death was ruled a homicide.
Bystanders' videos showed Garner arguing with police officers who were trying to arrest them in July for peddling loose cigarettes on a Staten Island sidewalk before dragging them to the ground. One officer put Garner in a chokehold, a maneuver banned by the police department.
After Sharpton took up the Garner family's cause, Rubenstein became their lawyer.
The Garners plan to sue the city, the police department and six named police officers for wrongful death, assault, battery and negligence, among other claims, seeking $75 million in damages, according to a filing by Rubenstein's firm with the city's comptroller on Monday.
Scott Rynecki, Rubenstein's law partner, said they would handle the lawsuit with the “full faith” of Garner's relatives, who could not be reached for comment.
The woman who said they were raped by Rubenstein is an executive at a chain of department stores and serves on the board of the National Action Network, Sharpton's activist group, according to their lawyers. The woman, whose identity has not been publicly released, said the rape happened after they and Rubenstein left a 60th birthday party for Sharpton on Oct. 1.
Sharpton, in an interview with the New York Daily News published on Tuesday, blasted Rubenstein, saying “he has no future.”
Representatives for Sharpton could not be reached for comment.
Nvidia was granted a permit yesterday by the California Department of Motor Vehicles to start testing self-driving vehicle technology on the state's public roads. The company joins a growing list of autonomous vehicle testers in California that features the likes of Google, Mercedes-Benz, Tesla, Ford, and GM, as well as startups like Faraday Future and NextEV.
Apparently Nvidia didn't waste any time once the permit was approved, too. Reader James Molinaro sent in these photos of an Nvidia car on the road in the Bay Area yesterday morning:
While Nvidia is best known for its graphics cards, the company has spent the last few years steadily pushing into artificial intelligence, with an emphasis on autonomous driving. It announced a computer vision system tailor-made for self-driving at the Consumer Electronics Show in 2015, and then followed that up with a more advanced version — called the Drive PX2 — at this past year's CES.
Since then, Nvidia announced that it was partnering with Chinese web giant Baidu to build a platform for semiautonomous cars. (Baidu has approval to test autonomous cars in California as well.) Nvidia also built test cars, and was training them in parking lots and private roads prior to receiving this new approval from the California DMV. And this summer, a self-driving race car competition called Roborace announced that it was using the Drive PX2 in its vehicles.
California has been a hotbed for autonomous testing, but that status is becoming decreasingly unique. A handful of other states have been slowly warming to the idea as a way to generate business. Just today, Michigan passed a handful of bills that greatly expand the amount of testing that can happen in the state, while also paving the way to allow manufacturers to either sell self-driving cars or establish a Uber-like networks of autonomous vehicles.
Update December 9th, 5:38PM ET: Added photos of Nvidia's cars performing preliminary test drives. Post has been updated to reflect this.
Is anyone still playing Dead or Alive Xtreme 2? I am! I know I am about six years late making this guide, but if you want something done right, you need to do it yourself. Dead or Alive Xtreme 2 is one of the more original and fascinating games I have ever played. It certainly isn't for everyone, but it resonates with a certain audience. That audience being: pervy nerds, like myself. Getting the Venus on every girl isn't easy, it takes serious dedication, and a detailed reference guide. Of course in the traditional Alex Krasny style it is 8.5×11″ so it is perfect for printing and storing in your game box.
It is rumored that it takes around 600 hours of gameplay to get every achievement in this game. Good luck with that! All I care about is getting the skimpiest suits on all of the girls.
How to use this guide
Suicide Silence will be releasing a new album early next year. So far, our only taste of new music was the band playing their new single "Doris" live at Ozzfest Meets Knotfest back in September.
At the time, some fans were taken aback that the band introduced singing (or clean vocals as some would say) as opposed to exclusive high/low screaming and death growls the band was known for. It looks like the band really hope to branch out on this album, and in a recent interview with Metalshop, bassist Dan Kenny and drummer Alex Lopez revealed there is more clean vocals where that came from:
“There's clean vocals on seventy percent of the album… when you listen to System of a Down, [Serj Tankian is] screaming and talking and doing himself. When you listen to Marilyn Manson you're listening to a person… it's called ‘range,' it's called ‘dynamics,' it's called ‘fucking go for it'… it's the first time [vocalist Eddie Hermida] ever been confident enough to do it, but Eddie's always been a singer… there's a lot of singing in it, there's a lot of screaming in it, there's a lot of everything in it… there's melody in it.”
Lopez makes it clear that the band won't be relying on auto-tune, but rather frontman Eddie Hermida is an excellent singer and puts those pipes to good use:
“We're trying to record raw. No click, no samples, everybody jams together in one room… we did the whole record on tape, we used old analog tape and old preamps.”
During the interview, the band said they would be officially releasing their first single next month. We'd assume it'd be "Doris," otherwise why would they play it at Ozzfest right?
As soon as they release the single, we will post it for you here. Watch the entire interview below…
Subscribe to Metal Injection on
Related Posts
A former Tesla Motors employee wants to sue the automaker for creating an "intimidating, hostile, and offensive work environment" for black employees.
The class-action lawsuit against the Delaware-based company claims Tesla routinely failed to prevent racial harassment, as well as take corrective steps once that harassment occurred, at its California assembly plant.
According to the lawsuit filed with California's Superior Court, Marcus Vaughn complained in writing to human resources and CEO Elon Musk on April 23 about racial harassment. The lawsuit alleges no one from the company followed up with Vaughn about their complaint, nor did they investigate their claims.
On Oct. 31, Vaughn was fired for "not having a positive attitude."
Employees routinely using the N-word: suit
Vaughn's suit claims Tesla employees and supervisors continue to make racist comments and engage in racist behaviour — including routine use of the N-word — and little is done to stem the harassment.  They are seeking an unspecified amount in damages, to be paid to themselves and other employees.
Tesla has 33,000 employees worldwide, and approximately 10,000 of them work at the Fremont, Calif. assembly plant, according to Bloomberg News.
If someone is a jerk to you, but sincerely apologizes, it is important to be thick-skinned and accept that apology. Elon Musk, Tesla Motors CEO
This is the third lawsuit levelled against Tesla this year for alleged racist incidents in California.
In March, Tesla employee DeWitt Lambert claimed the company did nothing about constant racial harassment and sexually explicit comments made towards them by other workers. They also claimed they were passed over for promotions because they complained to HR, according to Business Insider.
And in October, three former workers said the Tesla factory is a hostile environment for black employees, claiming little was done to stop others from routinely calling them the n-word and making other racially insensitive remarks.
Vaughn's suit is the largest, since they are seeking to make the claim on behalf of at least 100 African-American workers.
Brian Snyder / Reuters Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk waves as they leave the stage after speaking at the National Governors Association Summer Meeting in Providence, Rhode Island, July 15, 2017.
The suit also states Musk sent an email to all employees in May about discrimination and harassment.
"Part of not being a huge jerk is considering how someone might feel who is part of [a] historically less represented group," Musk wrote. "Sometimes these things happen unintentionally, in which case you should apologize."
"In fairness, if someone is a jerk to you, but sincerely apologizes, it is important to be thick-skinned and accept that apology."
Auto union filed federal complaint
The California Civil Rights Law Group has worked on all three lawsuits. Lawyer Larry Organ told Bloomberg News that Vaughn reached out to them after the group sued Tesla on behalf of other employees.
Organ said Tesla isn't doing enough.
"When you have a diverse workforce, you need to take steps to make sure everyone feels welcome in that workforce," they said.
According to Reuters, Tesla is also facing lawsuits alleging discrimination against gay and older workers, which it denies.
The company is also taking heat from the United Auto Workers union, which filed a federal complaint last month claiming Tesla fired factory workers who were trying to unionize.
Earlier on HuffPost:
The father of the man identified as the Manchester Arena suicide bomber denies their son was linked to militants, but the chief constable of the city's police force said it was "very clear this is a network we are investigating."
Ian Hopkins of the Greater Manchester Police also did not correct or object to a question from a reporter on whether "the bomb factory" had been found, saying that extensive searches were ongoing.
The searches in the wake of a bombing Monday at the end of an Ariana Grande pop concert included a controlled explosion at a building in the centre of Manchester, Hopkins said.
Ramadan Abedi, the father of Salman Abedi, told The Associated Press by telephone from Libya shortly before being detained there that their son sounded "normal" when the pair spoke five days ago.
They said Salman was planning to head from Saudi Arabia to Libya to spend the holy month of Ramadan with family.
"We don't believe in killing innocents," they told the AP. "This is not us."
Their comments follow an NBC News report on Tuesday, citing anonymous U.S. intelligence sources, that family members had previously expressed concern to British authorities about Salman Abedi's radicalization.
Abedi said that their son visited Libya a month-and-a-half ago and confirmed their other son, Ismail, has been arrested in the current investigation.
The elder Abedi fled Tripoli in 1993 after Moammar Gadhafi's security authorities issued an arrest warrant and eventually sought political asylum in Britain. They have since returned to Libya.
Not long after they spoke, a spokesperson for Libya's anti-terror force said the elder Abedi and another of their sons, Hashim, had been detained as part of the widening investigation.
The Abedi men were known to have attended the Didsbury mosque in Manchester.
Representatives from the mosque paid tribute to the victims of what they called an "atrocity" with a minute of silence Wednesday, but strenuously denied some media reports that Salman Abedin had ever worked at the mosque.
Statement to media strongly condemns concert bombing 0:50
A friend of Salman Abedi also told the London Times the suspect had travelled to Libya in the past month. Their possible associations with militant groups there are unclear, although ISIS has claimed responsibility for Monday's deadly attack.
Many British Libyans travelled to the North African country to join the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG), a group emboldened in the wake of the chaos that ensued after the dictator Gadhafi was deposed in 2011. The LIFG has existed in some form since the 1990s, and was designated a terrorist group by the U.K. in 2004.
Who was the bombmaker?
Al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants have long had a presence at the border between Libya and Algeria.
British Home Secretary Amber Rudd said earlier in the day that Salman Abedi, born in England, was known "up to a point" to the British intelligence services and police. They said the investigation is continuing and declined to provide further details.
Unlike other recent terror attacks in Europe, in which forged identification has been used to throw off investigators, Abedi's own ID was said to have been located near the scene of Monday's bombing, which killed 22 and is the deadliest in Britain since the 2005 transit attacks that left 52 dead.
Previous Next
The most recent attacks in Britain since those 7/7 bombings in 2005 have not been seen as sophisticated or have been perpetrated by so-called lone wolves, including a vehicle attack in March near the Houses of Parliament. Fears have been raised ahead of the June 8 election, with Prime Minister Theresa May announcing the threat level has been elevated to "critical," the highest level.
The central question is how Abedi came into possession of the deadly explosive device. The options include that they built it alone, with accomplices, or was a deadly messenger for its makers.
British police have been tight-lipped, and have not taken the step of reassuring the public that a suspected bombmaker is among the people they currently have in custody.
Abedi is confirmed to have attended Burnage Academy for Boys secondary school and, briefly, the University of Salford, both in Manchester. There have been reports that their immediate route to the Manchester Arena involved a train ride from London.
If the seeds of the plot emanated from Libya, it would not be the first such case to leave Britons victimized.
Three Tunisians who launched attacks in tourist-heavy areas in their own home country in 2015, killing 31 from Britain and 62 overall, were believed to have been radicalized in militant camps in Libya.
DNA building blocks found on meteorites are providing more evidence that chemistry in space generated the ingredients for life on Earth.
Adenine and guanine — two of the four building blocks called nucleobases that make up DNA — were found in samples of carbon-rich meteorites analyzed in a study published Monday online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The meteorites are fragments of rock that fell to Earth from space, where they once formed parts of asteroids.
The chemicals found on the meteorites also included three molecules very similar to nucleobases that are almost never found on Earth.
Meteorites and asteroids Meteorites are pieces of asteroids that fall through the Earth's atmosphere and land on the surface. They have been suggested as possible original sources for some of the molecules necessary for life on Earth. Asteroids, found mainly in a belt between Mars and Jupiter, are chunks of rocky material formed from dust and gas left over from the sun's early history. Their composition depends on what materials came together to form that particular asteroid. Only some contain organic molecules.
However, the researchers found that both the nucleobases and the similar, rare molecules known as nucleobase analogs can be formed in the laboratory from chemical reactions of ammonium cyanide.
This may indicate how the molecules were formed on the asteroid. It also provides evidence that the nucleobases were made in space and did not come from contamination on Earth, the researchers wrote.
"You would not expect to see these nucleobase analogs if contamination from terrestrial life was the source, because they're not used in biology," said Michael Callahan, the NASA astrobiologist who led the study, in a statement.
"However, if asteroids are behaving like chemical 'factories' cranking out prebiotic material, you would expect them to produce many variants of nucleobases, not just the biological ones, because of the wide variety of ingredients and conditions in each asteroid."
Scientists have detected DNA building blocks in meteorites since the 1960s, but were never sure whether they were created in space or came from contamination on Earth.
Callahan and their colleagues tested the Antarctic ice where most of the meteorites were found. They didn't find any of the nucleobase analogs and only very small amounts of the nucleobases.
Amino acids previously found on asteroids
The new discovery means all three kinds of molecules needed to form living cells have now been found in meteorites and appear to have been made there, the researchers wrote:
Nucleobases, used to form nucleic acids that make up genetic material such as DNA.
Amino acids, used to build proteins.
Amphiphilic compounds — which are attracted to water on one end and to oil on the other — that are used to build cell membranes.
"Thus," the paper said, "meteorites may have served as a molecular kit providing essential ingredients for the origin of life on Earth and possibly elsewhere."
The researchers analyzed 12 meteorites for the study, including nine found in Antarctica. All were carbonaceous chondrites, a special type of meteorite known to contain organic molecules, the carbon-based chemicals found in living things. Eleven of the meteorites contained adenine. Three meteorites with a similar geology due to similar exposure to water contained a particularly wide range of nucleobases and nucleobase analogs.
This past June, a Canadian-led study of a B.C. meteorite showed that the types of organic molecules found in meteorites depend on how much water had percolated through the asteroid during its early history, providing strong evidence that they were formed by chemistry on the asteroid itself.
Share
For all of humanity's impressive innovations, sometimes, Mother Nature really does know best. And as such, we've learned everything we can from her, including this latest graphene solar cell breakthrough inspired by none other than moth eyes. According to new reports, researchers from the United Kingdom's University of Surrey carefully examined these insects' eyes in order to create graphene sheets that they say are “the most light-absorbent material ever created.” Best of all, the graphene based cells won't have to be outside in order to harvest the sun's energy — rather, it'll be able to absorb indirect sunlight as well as ambient energy from everyday items found at home.
“We realized that the moth's eye works in a particular way that traps electromagnetic waves very efficiently,” Professor Ravi Silva, head of the Advanced Technology Institute at the University of Surrey, told Newsweek. “As a result of our studies, we've been able to mimic the surface of a moth's eye and create an amazingly thin, efficient, light-absorbent material made of graphene.”
Speaking with Electronics Weekly, Silva added, “Moths' eyes have microscopic patterning that allows them to see in the dimmest conditions. These work by channelling light towards the middle of the eye, with the added benefit of eliminating reflections, which would otherwise alert predators of their location. We have used the same technique to make an amasingly thin, efficient, light-absorbent material by patterning graphene in a similar fashion.”
The incredibly thin sheets of graphene are actually just one-atom thick and are comprised of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice. But don't let the delicate arrangement and rubber-like flexibility fool you — the material is 200 times stronger than steel and is also more conductive than copper. The hope is that graphene and these moth eye-inspired sheets will be able to unlock new possibilities within the Internet of Things, or power a host of different devices. As Newsweek notes, everything from flexible smartphones to artificial retinas could benefit from the new material.
“For many years people have been looking for graphene applications that will make it into mainstream use,” said Silva. “We are finally now getting to the point where these applications are going to happen. We think that with this work that is coming out, we can see an application very close because we've done something that was previously thought impossible: optimizing its incredible optical properties.”
Apr 9, 2013; Tampa, FL, USA; Ottawa Senators right wing Daniel Alfredsson (11) reacts against the Tampa Bay Lightning during the first period at Tampa Bay Times Forum. Mandatory Credit: Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg's Off-Season, Issues Seven & Eight by Christina Roberts
Ottawa Senators' owner Eugene Melnyk came out swinging in a recent interview with the Ottawa Citizen, telling the paper that among other things: Daniel Alfredsson chose the wrong team, and that their squad will finish ahead of the Red Wings in the newly formed Atlantic Division.
Here's just some of what Melnyk told the Citizen:
I think he's wrong, I'll tell you that, that's where we part ways — I disagree — ‘cause I think we're a better team, but if they believe it and he's committed to it, then it was their prerogative,” Melnyk continued. “All we could do is wish them all the best. We look forward to Detroit finishing right behind us and them having a good year.
But, if you're Eugene Melnyk is there any other play? Did we really expect them to say sorry our captain and franchise player ditched us for a division rival, we're totally screwed, see you next year?
They did what any good owner would do… they stuck up for their guys. And, there's no doubt the Senators have a very good young team.
They have one of the most talented young defenders in the game with Erik Karlsson and a very good goalie in Craig Anderson. Not to mention that Paul MacLean is one of the best coaches in the NHL… oh and which team did they steal them from again? I can't seem to recall right at the moment.
Anyways, I agree with Mr. Melnyk 100 percent that Canada's capital city boasts a formidable NHL team.
But, as good as the Detroit Red Wings?
Now, this is where I would respectfully suggest Eugene begin taking their prescribed medication.
The Ottawa Senators are good, but not that good.
I'll give you two simple reasons why the Detroit Red Wings are a better team:
1. Pavel Datsyuk
2. Henrik Zetterberg
If Datsyuk and Zetterberg played for the Senators I'd agree with Eugene, but unfortunately for them they don't.
The Amendment 64 task force recommended allowing
-- and if the legislature agrees, the decision would open the door to
Continue Reading
.
But the folks behind a company called My 420 Tours aren't waiting for lawmakers to sign off. They're actively promoting an April 17-23 vacation package they're calling World Cannabis Week, replete with events aplenty to captivate and entertain travelers with a taste for ganja.
Matt Brown, one of the principals behind My 420 Tours, will be familiar to longtime members of the marijuana community. They first stepped into the spotlight in 2009 as the executive director of Coloradans for Marijuana Regulation (CMMR), a business group that lobbied for legislation to empower the MMJ industry.
As such, they were a key player during the regulatory bill's progress through the Colorado general assembly, and they celebrated its passage in May 2010. But right around the moment of victory, CMMR imploded amid charges, counter-charges, backbiting and bad blood, leaving Brown on the outside looking in. The organization ultimately folded in February 2011, with Brown's successor, Betty Aldworth, moving on to become communications director for the Amendment 64 campaign.
As for Brown, they say they were "hired by the group that bought Full Spectrum Labs. My job was to figure out the science and make products. But by early 2011, we realized that no matter how much state licensing existed, federal repercussions to do research were too severe" -- so Brown and company relocated to Canada, where such testing is allowed.
Marijuana Deals Near You
Over the next year-plus, Brown worked for that firm, followed by "another natural health-products company." But the passage of Amendment 64 called them back to Colorado. "It opened up a lot of exciting possibilities," they note -- among them My 420 Tours and World Cannabis Week.
"It's intended for people from out of state, and particularly on the East Coast, who don't have any idea of what's really going on here beyond what they've seen in the news," Brown says. "They're blown away by what Colorado is doing, but they don't know how to experience it."
How's the tour package work?
Continue for more about My 420 Tours and World Cannabis Week. Tourists will be picked up at the airport and transported to what's described as a 4/20-friendly hotel to begin a week's worth of activities, including attendance at the annual 4/20 rally at Civic Center Park, the High Times Cannabis Cup and a weekend concert at Red Rocks featuring Slightly Stoopid, Redman, Method Man and more. In addition, there'll be daily happy-hour parties (naturally, they'll get underway at 4:20 p.m.), plus assorted cannabis workshops, including cooking and growing classes and a hash-making lab, dispensary and cultivation-center tours and more.
"This is not about coming to Colorado to get wrecked and smoke as much pot as you can and be a degenerate stoner hippie," Brown stresses. "We've modeled World Cannabis Week as a cross between a wine tour of Napa Valley and the best concert or entertainment experience you can imagine."
As is the case for Napa Valley tourists, Brown goes on, participants in World Cannabis Week will be able to attend events "where they can use different products," including edibles. But the amounts won't be unlimited. "We're trying to stick as closely to the intention of the Amendment 64 task force as we can, so there'll be limits of a couple grams at a time. We're being mindful of how we as Coloradans can bring people in and show them our state without annoying the people who live here."
Is Brown concerned that regulations will not yet be in place when World Cannabis Week gets underway?
Continue for more about My 420 Tours and World Cannabis Week. "We've spent a lot of time thinking about that issue," they concede, "and preparing ourselves to follow all the rules possible. We're in the same position as dispensaries in late 2009: We know rules are coming, but they're not yet defined. So our goal is to pass the sniff test in every way possible -- including providing transportation. We were adamant that we didn't want people coming to town, renting a car and driving around a strange city with a lot of weed.
"We're not trying to gamble and take huge risks and take the chance of having problems. Our goal is to be cautious and not push things too much."
After all, My 420 Tours doesn't want to be a one-shot operation. Brown envisions two to four branded events each year, with future offerings being simpler to manage, because regulations will presumably have passed by then. And that's not all.
"We'd like to be a gateway not only for people who say, 'I want to go to Colorado, but I don't know anybody there,' but also for film and TV companies. If Showtime was to launch a sequel to Weeds, they could do it right here and film in licensed grow centers. There are all kinds of opportunities for businesses not directly involved in growing and selling pot."
In the meantime, though, Brown is focused on World Cannabis Week, which they say will allow "anyone who wants to come and experience the future in Colorado."
For more information, phone 855-MY-420-TOUR (694-2086) or click here. Here's a video about the tour package.
More from our Marijuana archive: "Marijuana tourism recommended by task force -- but can rules prevent smurfing?"
Norwegian researchers found that six in ten teenage girls who felt too fat despite being of normal size went on to become overweight in their twenties, compared with three in ten who had no weight issues.
Among healthy-sized boys, six in ten of those who had felt fat in their teens became overweight in their twenties but so did half of those who had been happy with their body size, according to the study in the Journal of Obesity .
The stress of being unhappy with one's body, skipping meals such as breakfast and trying strict diets which prove too difficult to stick to could all lead to an increased risk of obesity, researchers said.
The team from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology used a survey of 1,200 normal weight adolescents aged 13 to 19, in which they were asked about their perception of their weight.
They compared the responses with a follow-up questionnaire eleven years later, examining how many had a Body Mass Index – a measure of weight relative to height – of 25kg per square metre (classed as "overweight") or 30kg per square metre and above ("obese").
The researchers also carried out a similar analysis of participants' waistlines, with a waist of 80cm for women and 94cm for men qualifying as overweight, and measurements of 88cm and 102cm respectively classified as obese.
Researchers noticed that the young men and women who in their teens had described themselves as "chubby" or "very fat" were more likely to have become overweight or obese.
Some 59 per cent of girls and 63 per cent of boys who had incorrectly perceived themselves as fat went on to become overweight as adults (according to their BMI), compared with 31 per cent of girls and 48 per cent of boys who had been happy with their weight.
When classed by waist measurement as opposed to BMI, 78 per cent of girls and 55 per cent of boys who had felt too heavy later became overweight, compared with 55 per cent of girls and 29 per cent of boys who had been unconcerned about their size as teenagers.
Previous studies have suggested that being anxious or stressed about one's body shape can cause weight gain, particularly around the waist, researchers said.
Teenagers who perceive themselves as overweight could resort to unhealthy eating habits, such as skipping breakfast, or adopting diets they cannot stick to, both of which are thought to raise the risk of becoming overweight.
The scientists wrote: "Girls in particular tend to consider themselves as overweight, even though they are not, which may lead to psychosocial stress and unhealthy weight control practices such as skipping meals.
"This study demonstrates that the adolescents, classified as normal weight though perceiving themselves as overweight, have a larger weight gain into young adulthood than those who do not experience self-perceived overweight."
Early Memory Slips May Indicate Alzheimer's Risk
Healthy older individuals experiencing memory lapses are significantly more likely to develop dementia, according to new research. In a study of more than 500 seniors, researchers found those with self-reported memory complaints (SMCs) were nearly three times as likely to develop mild cognitive impairment. Additionally, of those who developed dementia, nearly 80 percent had earlier reported SMCs.
The study followed participants for an average of 10 years and asked them annually about noticeable changes in memory. Over half of participants reported memory complaints during this time and, on average, progression from SMCs to mild cognitive impairment took nine years while progression to dementia took twelve years. The authors concluded that with this potential early indicator of future dementia, “physicians should query and monitor SMCs from their older patients.”
Growing evidence linking self-reported cognitive decline to future dementia underscores the need for public health officials to have a better understanding of the extent of the problem in their states. An Optional Module for the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BFRSS) allows states to measure the percentage of the population with self-reported increased confusion or memory loss – those at potentially higher risk of developing dementia and creating a burden on the health care system. Through the Healthy Aging Program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Alzheimer's Association has funding available to help pay for using the Cognitive Module in your state. For more information, contact Alison Sinton (asinton@alz.org).
Subjective Memory Complaints Study Also Finds Increased Risk Due to Smoking
Researchers in the SMC study also found that smokers experienced a quicker transition from self-reported memory difficulties to mild cognitive impairment compared with their non-smoking peers. This adds to a growing body of research linking tobacco use to dementia. For a review of the evidence, see the recent WHO brief.
With increasing recognition of the association between smoking and risk of developing dementia, public health officials should begin incorporating brain health messaging into existing anti-smoking campaigns.
Scientists Develop Telltale Alzheimer's Cells in Laboratory
For the first time, scientists have successfully engineered brain cells that develop plaques and tangles – hallmark indicators of Alzheimer's disease. These laboratory-grown cells may help accelerate pre-clinical trials and potentially lead to novel drug treatments for Alzheimer's. This work gives researchers a more accurate testing ground for innovative therapies and may lead to new discoveries in treatment and prevention. Better testing in early stages may lead to higher quality drugs and increase the chances for success in future human trials.
While this is an exciting step forward for Alzheimer's science, much more research is necessary to find a way to cure, slow, or prevent the disease. One important key to success is increasing participation in Alzheimer's clinical trials. Public health officials can promote clinical trial participation and help recruit more individuals into research.
Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia Included at APHA Conference
Are you attending the American Public Health Association's (APHA) 142nd Annual Meeting & Exposition? Registration is still open. While there, be sure to stop by the Alzheimer's Association booth (#1320) at the Public Health Expo. Learn about the burden of cognitive decline in your state, the Healthy Brain Initiative, and why Alzheimer's is one of the fastest growing public health crises.
Also, check out these presentations and posters on Alzheimer's disease and dementia:
Monday, November 17, 10:30-12:00 - an oral session on Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia covering an array of topics, including addressing stigma and early diagnosis. Matthew Baumgart, Senior Director of Public Policy for the Alzheimer's Association, will also provide a progress report on the first year of implementation of the Public Health Road Map.
- an oral session on Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia covering an array of topics, including addressing stigma and early diagnosis. Matthew Baumgart, Senior Director of Public Policy for the Alzheimer's Association, will also provide a progress report on the first year of implementation of the Public Health Road Map. Tuesday, November 18, 2:30-3:30 – nine posters will offer insights into opportunities to integrate cognitive health and decline into diverse public health programs. Discover ways to raise Alzheimer's awareness in minority populations, use BRFSS cognitive health data, prepare professionals for responding to dementia in their communities, and assess dementia capacity in local public health departments.
GSA Presentation: New Directions on Dementia Diagnosis and Treatment
Healthy People 2020 includes an objective to reduce the proportion of preventable hospitalizations among those with Alzheimer's disease and other dementias. Dr. Lynda Anderson, Director of the Healthy Aging Program at the CDC, will present a new paper on this issue next week at the 2014 Annual Scientific Meeting of the Gerontological Society of America (GSA) in Washington, DC.
Four other investigators will also present new research on dementia detection and intervention. The specific topics are rural outreach for veterans, depression and cognitive impairment, the role social involvement plays in dementia progression, and a review of literature on dementia and driving.
Register for the GSA Annual Scientific Meeting and be sure to catch this session on Wednesday, November 5, 2014, from 2:30-4:00.
Perspective on Road Map Published
Road Map Leadership Committee Co-Chairs Lynda Anderson of the CDC and Robert Egge of the Alzheimer's Association recently published an article on the Public Health Road Map in Alzheimer's & Dementia. The article discusses the importance of strengthening the capacity of public health agencies, leveraging partnerships, and finding new ways to integrate cognitive functioning into public health efforts. Since the primary readership of Alzheimer's & Dementia is the scientific and research community, this article helps to bring awareness of the Road Map – and public health efforts to address Alzheimer's disease – to a wider audience.
November is National Caregiver Month
In 2013, 15.5 million caregivers provided an estimated 17.7 billion hours of unpaid care to people with Alzheimer's and other dementias in the United States. Caregiving affects all facets of life for the caregiver, often having a negative impact on their own health, financial security, and emotional well-being.
Among caregivers for individuals with Alzheimer's and other dementias:
$9.3 billion was spent in increased health costs for caregivers themselves
Sixty percent rate the emotional stress of caregiving as high or very high
Over half report arriving late, leaving early, or taking time off from work to provide care
Caregiving is increasingly being seen as an important public health issue. The public health community can promote support for caregivers, in particular by helping the medical community understand the unique health needs of caregivers and the crucial role they play in the care coordination of persons with dementia.
New Director of Public Health joins the Alzheimer's Association
With over 15 years of experience in the public health and health care fields, Molly French recently joined the Alzheimer's Association as Director of Public Health. In their new role, Molly will head up the Association's public health efforts, including the activities of the Cooperative Agreement with the CDC such as the BRFSS, the Public Health Road Map, and Healthy People 2020. Molly can be reached at mfrench@alz.org or at 202.638.8674.
The Alzheimer's Public Health E-News is supported by Cooperative Agreement #5U58DP002945-05 from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Its contents are solely the responsibility of the Alzheimer's Association and do not necessarily represent the official views of the CDC.
Budget Battle Future Challenges.JPG
This Oct. 15, 2013, photo, shows a view of the U.S. Capitol building at dusk in Washington.
(AP Photo/ Evan Vucci)
U.S. Rep. Justin Amash, R-Cascade Township
Update:
Rep. Justin Amash's spokesperson, Will Adams, has been added to this story for reaction. WASHINGTON, D.C. — An even split of Democratic and Republican legislators back a bill supported by Rep. Justin Amash, aiming to end the country's domestic surveillance programs. The legislation,
, would, if signed into law, curb the National Security Agency's ability to conduct communications sweeps and close a "back door" to information by requiring a court order when performing searches of Americans in data already collected without warrants.
that the bill has at least 102 cosponsors, including 51 Democrats and 51 Republicans. That number is up from what previously has been reported; at least 70 legislators, including Amash, R-Cascade Township, and House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member John Conyers, D-Detroit, supported the bill in October. Will Adams, Amash's spokesperson, said given the surge of support, they expect bipartisan, "comprehensive legislation" on the floor of the House this spring coming off of the upcoming holidays and the fiscal deadline in January. "We think the American people want to rein in the NSA," Adams said. "They want their rights protected, they want their privacy protected from government surveillance."
they have been pleased to receive positive reception over an issue he's blasted for the past year. "It's getting out of control," Amash told the crowd. "(Courts are issuing) general warrants without specific cause, ... and you have one agency that's essentially having superpowers to pass information onto others." Critics argue the NSA's actions of collecting private citizens' phone records are covert, done under secret court order without explanation and proper transparency. Supporters, including U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Brighton, contend the agency acts within the interest of the United States' safety and security. According to
, members of Congress are placing increased pressure on House Republican leaders to bring the bill up for a vote. Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, defends the NSA's programs and voted against the "Amash Amendment" in July, which would have defunded the programs. A House Democratic aide told The Hill that Republican leadership is "boxed in" on the issue. "They're stuck. They would deal with this in the way they deal with a lot of things — by just not moving the legislation," they told the publication. However, Adams credits Boehner for allowing a vote on the amendment this summer despite their own vote. He, too, sees continued movement toward a possible spring vote considering some legislators who first opposed the amendment now support the Freedom Act. "Regardless of what their personal views are ... they have, so far, afforded us the procedure to start the NSA reform debate," Adams said. Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., coauthor of the 2001 USA Patriot Act, said the NSA has gone "far beyond" the original intent of the Patriot Act and overstepped its authority. Sensenbrenner and Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Ct., introduced The USA Freedom Act to the House in October.
Andrew Krietz covers breaking and general police/fire news for MLive | The Grand Rapids Press. Email them at akrietz@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter.
Hillary Clinton speaks onstage during the 2017 Girls Inc. New York luncheon in New York City, March 7, 2017.
Hillary Clinton sent a poignant message with their bright red pantsuit on Tuesday afternoon at the Girls Inc. luncheon in New York City. Clinton's suit color of choice is no coincidence. They spoke to the group one day before the Day Without A Woman protest and the International Women's Strike on March 8, when many women will stay home from work and school, refrain from spending money (with the exception of local or female-owned businesses), and march in the streets.
Red is the color associated with the movement, signaling love, energy, and determination. Those who are unable to take the day off in protest are encouraged to wear the color to stand in solidarity with other women. Clinton wearing the color was a show of support for the initiative.
While accepting the Girls Inc.'s Champion for Girls award, Clinton discussed the importance of encouraging young women who may dream of a future in politics. “Let us hope there is a wave of young women running for office in America, and let's be sure we support them in every way we can,” they said. “Let's help them shatter stereotypes and lift each other up. They are the history-makers, the glass-ceiling breakers of tomorrow. They are among the reasons I am so optimistic about our future.”
Clinton has used their clothing to send messages in the past, with this red pantsuit being the latest sign of their carefully executed fashion subtext.
Get Vanity Fair's Cocktail Hour Our essential brief on culture, the news, and more. And it's on the house. E-mail Address Subscribe
SBS boss warns budget cuts could threaten World Cup, Tour de France broadcasts
Updated
The head of SBS has warned that coverage of the Tour de France and the soccer World Cup are at risk if the Government slashes any more funding from the broadcaster.
In the federal budget, the Government announced the SBS will face cuts of around $8 million over four years.
A current efficiency review into the broadcaster is expected to find further savings.
SBS managing director Michael Ebeid has told a Senate estimates hearing the broadcaster is already "chronically underfunded".
They said they cannot guarantee their flagship coverage of events like the soccer World Cup will be safe.
"It's a significant amount of money every four years for us," they said.
"If there are deep cuts, obviously we'd need to look at everything – whether it be news, current affairs, language programs or sporting events."
Topics: cycling, television-broadcasting, broadcasting, information-and-communication, soccer, australia
First posted
South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se (L) meets with Beijing's Foreign Minister Wang Yi in Tokyo, Japan on Aug. 24, 2016. Wang has voiced their opposition to a joint U.S.-South Korea decision to deploy THAAD, and an editorial in the Global Times issued another warning to Seoul on Monday. Photo by Yonhap News Service/UPI
Jan. 31 (UPI) -- China's state tabloid issued an editorial rebuking South Korea for its joint decision to deploy a U.S. missile defense system on the peninsula.
Writing in the Global Times, Zhao Lixin, the director of a political science department at Yanbian University, described Seoul as "high-strung and sensitive" for reacting to Chinese economic policies that the Korean government suspects are part of a retaliatory response to THAAD deployment.
In August 2017, Seoul and Beijing will mark the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations.
The editorial warned Seoul the decision to place THAAD in South Korea would cost the country, adding, "Varied understandings about THAAD deployment have eroded the strategic trust between the two countries."
"The relationship was like a huge bubble that would soon burst. THAAD deployment, which so far appears to be irreversible despite strong objections from China and Russia, has steeply deteriorated bilateral ties."
The article issued on Monday also pointed out Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with a South Korean delegation in early January.
During the meeting, which took place after Wang refused to meet with South Korea's ambassador to Beijing, the foreign minister voiced their opposition to THAAD, and, according to Rep. Song Young-gil of South Korea's Minjoo Party, yielded a "tacit understanding" between the two sides that the boycott against K-Pop artists was in some part a response to the joint U.S.-South Korea decision.
The editorial added China cannot "completely freeze" ties with South Korea since Seoul "is irreplaceable strategically."
The United States and South Korea are aiming to deploy THAAD by July, but Beijing has expressed concerns that the powerful THAAD radar would be used to monitor China.
Seoul and Washington reached a bilateral decision to deploy THAAD in July 2016. At the time, the two countries agreed the missile defense system would be placed at its designated location by mid-2017.
More than half of South Koreans recently surveyed in a local Gallup poll said they are in favor of THAAD deployment. Some who oppose deployment have said they fear Chinese retaliation.
ALAMEDA, Calif. & MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AgeX Therapeutics (“AgeX”), a subsidiary of BioTime, Inc. (NYSE MKT:BTX) with a focus on developing new therapies in the field of biomedical gerontology, today announced the appointment of distinguished researcher and advocate Aubrey de Grey, Ph.D. as Vice-President of New Technology Discovery.
“One of the world's foremost researchers in the science of aging, and a tireless advocate for such research, Aubrey will be a strong addition to AgeX as the Company is positioned to emerge as a leader in the field of biomedical gerontology,” commented Michael D. West, Ph.D., co-CEO of BioTime. “He has already moved the field forward to a considerable degree and will help accelerate our research and development programs.”
A biomedical gerontologist, Dr. de Grey is Co-Founder and Chief Science Officer of SENS Research Foundation, a 501(c)(3) public charity dedicated to researching, developing and promoting comprehensive regenerative medicine solutions for the diseases of aging. They will continue in their current capacity at SENS Research and their role at AgeX will be part-time.  They are also editor-in-chief of the bimonthly academic journal Rejuvenation Research, from Mary Ann Liebert publishers. They have authored the books Ending Aging: The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs That Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime (co-author, 2008, St. Martin's Griffin) and The Mitochondrial Free Radical Theory of Aging (1999, R.J Landes) as well as numerous articles in peer-reviewed scientific journals.  They are a Fellow of the Gerontological Society of America and the American Aging Association, and sits on the editorial and scientific advisory boards of many journals and organizations. They have been interviewed by a variety of top-tier media outlets, including CBS' “60 Minutes,” the New York Times, FORTUNE, the Washington Post, TIME, and “The Colbert Report,” among many others. They received their B.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge, in Cambridge, England.
“The opportunity to help Mike West shape AgeX is a huge next step in my vision of how to hasten the defeat of aging,” said Dr. de Grey. “In creating a rejuvenation biotechnology industry, it is critically important to engage new companies and investors in this work. I am delighted to be involved in the work of a private company like AgeX to make this happen.”
“Attracting Dr. de Grey to AgeX represents a significant milestone in the company's development and further enhances AgeX's emerging leadership,” stated Adi Mohanty, co-CEO of BioTime. “Additionally, Dr. de Grey's appointment allows BioTime to better focus on its three core segments of ophthalmology, aesthetics and cell and drug delivery.”
About AgeX Therapeutics
AgeX Therapeutics, a subsidiary of BioTime, Inc. (NYSE MKT:BTX), is a biotechnology company applying technology relating to cell immortality and regenerative biology, to aging and age-related diseases. The company has three initial areas of product development: pluripotent stem cell-derived brown adipocytes (AGEX-BAT1); vascular progenitors (AGEX-VASC1); and induced Tissue Regeneration (iTR). Initial planned indications for these products are Type II diabetes, cardiac ischemia, and cancer respectively. A discussion with Dr de Grey regarding AgeX can be viewed here: http://investor.biotimeinc.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=83805&p=irol-EventDetails&EventId=5259612
About BioTime
BioTime is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing products addressing degenerative diseases. Our clinical programs are based on two platform technologies: pluripotent cells and cell/drug delivery. The foundation of our core therapeutic technology platform is pluripotent cells that are capable of becoming any of the cell types in the human body. The foundation of our cell delivery platform is its HyStem® cell and drug delivery matrix technology. The Company's current clinical programs are targeting three primary sectors, aesthetics, ophthalmology and cell/drug delivery. We also have significant equity holdings in two publicly traded companies, Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. (“Asterias”) and OncoCyte Corporation (“OncoCyte”), which we founded and which, until recently, were our majority-owned consolidated subsidiaries.
BioTime common stock is traded on the NYSE MKT and TASE under the symbol BTX. For more information, please visit www.biotimeinc.com or connect with the company on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, and Google+.
To receive ongoing BioTime corporate communications, please click on the following link to join our email alert list: http://news.biotimeinc.com.
About SENS Research Foundation
SENS Research Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that works to research, develop, and promote comprehensive regenerative medicine solutions for the diseases of aging. SRF is focused on a damage repair paradigm for treating the diseases of aging, which it advances through scientific research, advocacy, and education. SENS Research Foundation supports research projects at universities and institutes around the world with the goal of curing such age-related diseases as macular degeneration, heart disease, cancer, and Alzheimer's disease. Educating the public and training researchers to support a growing regenerative medicine field are also major endeavors of the organization that are being accomplished though advocacy campaigns and educational programs. For more information, visit www.sens.org.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements pertaining to future financial and/or operating results, future growth in research, technology, clinical development, and potential opportunities for BioTime, Inc. and its subsidiaries, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans, or prospects expressed by management constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including, but not limited to statements that contain words such as “will,” “believes,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates” should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, need and ability to obtain future capital, and maintenance of intellectual property rights. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements and as such should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the business of BioTime, Inc. and its subsidiaries, particularly those mentioned in the cautionary statements found in more detail in the “Risk Factors” section of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC (copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov). Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change. BioTime specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release, except as required by applicable law.
Hundreds of Gophers fans and young people poured out of the bars of Minneapolis' Dinkytown neighborhood and onto the streets Saturday night after the University of Minnesota men's hockey team's loss in the NCAA Frozen Four championship game, in a repeat of the havoc two nights earlier.
About 9:45 p.m. — roughly a half-hour after the game ended — young people moved from sidewalks out onto the streets, chanting “USA!” and jumping, hurling profanities at police officers and throwing rocks and bottles. Some lay in the intersection of Fourth Street Southeast and 14th Avenue Southeast.
Police formed a line, warned the crowd about unlawful assembly, and ordered them to disperse or be arrested. A helicopter hovering overhead repeated the warning.
Roughly a half-hour later, police forces had pushed much of the crowd back into residential areas west and north of Dinkytown, sometimes using pepper spray.
There were reports of officers shooting rubber pellets and beanbags to target the most unruly.
“With all the sirens and helicopters, it felt like a war zone,” said recent U grad Austin Duket, 22, who ventured out after the game to see what the crowds would do. “There shouldn't be riots right now. We didn't even win.”
Their housemate, U senior James Anderson, 22, said Saturday night that the mayhem might have been anticipated.
“After Thursday, (the riots) were an event. People were like, ‘You guys want to go to the riot on Saturday?' ”
Minneapolis police posted a tweet about 1:30 a.m. Sunday saying at least 19 people were arrested, there were at least two incidents of arson and an undetermined amount of property damage. No officers were injured.
Police scanner reports stated officers were arresting people who used “assaultive behavior” and were damaging property.
About 10:45 p.m., several people could be seen tearing down a 14th Avenue and Sixth Street sign. They then waved it around and used it as a spear to break the windows of a parked Chevrolet Lumina.
Once the crowd began to disperse from the heart of Dinkytown, police shone spotlights on big groups of people within a six-block radius of Fourth Street Southeast and 14th Avenue Southeast.
Minneapolis police spokesperson John Elder said Sunday that more information regarding specific details on the incident will be released early in the week.
Raya Zimmerman can be reached at 651-228-5524. Follow them at Twitter.com/RayaZimmerman.
Earlier this month, a peculiar vehicle appeared on the streets of Manhattan and Brooklyn: a biodiesel-fuelled, reclaimed-wood camper that could have been a food truck selling vegan “ish” and chips. But instead of a meal, the truck was made to sell a message on behalf of Patagonia, the outdoor-clothing company.
The camper, dubbed Delia, was on a six-week cross-country road trip, repairing outdoor gear and selling used Patagonia products along the way. The amount of fixing that went on was humble in scale: ninety-three garments in New York City and about twenty-one hundred nationwide. The tour, which ended May 12th in Boston, is better thought of as the latest embodiment of the company's ongoing campaign to encourage a national conversation about the threat posed to the planet by a global economy that depends on relentless growth and consumerism.
That conversation—despite being spurred, in recent years, by such figures as the author-activists Bill McKibben (a former staff writer) and Naomi Klein; the economists Robert Costanza, Tim Jackson, and Peter Victor; and the participants in a thinly spread “degrowth” movement—has so far failed to reach the volume even of mainstream Internet buzz. Yet anti-consumerism is clearly helping to build the Patagonia brand. Indeed, the company is seeing double-digit annual growth.
Rick Ridgeway, Patagonia's vice-president of environmental affairs, told me that the company's approach was inspired by a 2009 Times story they read about consumer spending during the last days of the Great Recession. The article noted that the financial squeeze was putting “value in vogue”—and not only in the predictable form of bargain hunting. Impulse buying and conspicuous consumption had slowed, and some shoppers were seeking goods that offered enduring worth, such as fuel-efficient vehicles and gardening tools that allowed them to grow their own food.
“That really caught my eye, because that is our value proposition. That is what we're trying to deliver to our customers—those kinds of products,” Ridgeway said. “I thought, Wow, if at least some small cohort of people are recognizing that, then those people are our people, and how could we do a better job of giving them what they need to live more responsibly, not just in recession but any time?”
The company's anti-materialistic stance ramped up on Black Friday, 2011, with a memorable full-page advertisement in the Times that read, “Don't Buy This Jacket.” The ad's text broke down the environmental costs of the company's top-selling R2 fleece sweater and asked consumers to think twice before buying it or any other product. The attention the ad received helped to bump Patagonia's 2012 sales significantly.
In September, 2013, the company launched its Responsible Economy campaign. In an accompanying essay (which, like the rest of the campaign's material, is no longer available at Patagonia.com but still can be read in Google's cache), under a graphic that declared “growth is a dead end,” Ridgeway argued that global environmental crises such as climate change, toxic pollution, and resource depletion were only symptoms of a larger problem. Annual, compounded economic expansion, of the kind that the Club of Rome warned against in its 1972 book, “The Limits to Growth,” was the “elephant in the room.” Since Ridgeway published their essay, Patagonia's own expansion has continued unabated: this year, the company expects to gross about six hundred million dollars.
All of this would be jet fuel for the engines of modern cynicism, if not for the fact that Patagonia, a privately owned corporation now in its fifth decade, has a distinguished record of environmental philanthropy and investment. The company has often made risky choices in favor of its ecological and social ethics, including early bets that consumers would pay more for products made with organic cotton or Fair Trade certification, the latter of which is now available on thirty-three of its products. The Responsible Economy campaign similarly backed talk with action. Patagonia is trying second-hand-clothing sales at its shop in Portland, Oregon, and has made product repair and recycling a growing part of its business model. It recently invested in Yerdle—a Web startup whose stated mission is to reduce new-product purchases by twenty-five per cent—as a way for people, and even the company itself, to swap or give away used Patagonia gear.
This spring's truck tour was part of a related campaign called Worn Wear, which is an attempt to draft a new compact between Patagonia and its customers. The company promises to make products that endure, and to repair, resell, or recycle them as necessary, while consumers, in turn, pledge to buy only what they need, and to similarly flight attendant their purchases from new garment to storied heirloom to the recycling bin.
It is confounding to try to draw lines around when Patagonia's marketing encourages sales and when it discourages them. The gimlet eye will find no shortage of contradictions. Watch enough of the company's promotional videos, which feature real Patagonia customers, and you might start to believe that the United States is mainly a nation of earthy, physically fit people who are handy with a framing hammer, enjoy rock climbing, and know their way around Bhutan (one Worn Wear spot depicts an actual mountain guide turned family farmer). But visit the company's stores in locations like the Upper West Side, Hong Kong, and Chamonix, and you will also see the affluent recreational shoppers who helped to inspire the nickname Patagucci. Online, the company offers D.I.Y. garment-repair tutorials, produced in partnership with iFixit, but these also feature a thirty-dollar “expedition sewing kit” that resembles a prop designed for the Khaki Scouts in Wes Anderson's “Moonrise Kingdom.” Click for more information on the kit and a typical marketing stratagem plays out: you will be offered six other Patagonia products.
Corporate-social-responsibility theorists say that successful activist companies go though a “sense making” process that renders their efforts meaningful both within the corporation and among its customers. In Patagonia's case, self-inquisition was part of the campaign. Even two years ago, with the launch of the Responsible Economy concept, Ridgeway was publicly questioning Patagonia's steady expansion. “Companies, including ours, are reducing the environmental footprint of our individual products but increasing the footprint of our company as a whole as we grow,” they told Adweek. To GreenBiz_,_ they said this: “It's our hunch that all these sustainability innovations put together are not going to be enough to offset the continued increase in our human footprint that comes from this tie to growth.”
These days, the company is less ambivalent. “We're not afraid of growth—we're excited about it,” Adam Fetcher, the company's director of global P.R. and communications, told me. Ridgeway was more expansive: “There is a point out there where our own growth is going to likely create more problems than it does solutions,” they said. “But as far out on the horizon line as we can see right now, we're continuing to produce products that allow people to live a more responsible life with the apparel that they choose. As long as there's a lot of other people out there that don't do that, and that are creating more problems than they are solutions, then we should be growing.”
That narrative explains the Patagonia paradox: there's bad growth, and then there's good growth. An expanding economy driven by ever greater individual consumption of ever more disposable products is bad. In a more sustainable future, people will buy fewer things at higher prices, technological innovation will reduce the impact of those products' manufacture, and the goods themselves will be made to last and then be recycled at the end of their useful lives. Since those are the kinds of products Patagonia is striving to make, and the kinds of relationships to products that Patagonia is trying to foster, then the more that Patagonia expands its market share, the better. The new economy must grow out from beneath the old one.
It makes sense—provided that is what's actually happening. Company spokespeople say that Patagonia's impressive growth over the past few years is explained by the fact that, like explorers in search of a lost tribe, they have made contact with a largely untapped market of sophisticated customers who support the brand's anti-consumerism by thoughtfully consuming its products. “These new customers are the ones inspired by our approach with Worn Wear and other programs that stem from our values,” Fetcher said. Maybe so, but more conventional explanations are also available: for example, that the company is growing because it has expanded its reach (Patagonia has doubled its scale of operations in the past six years, and has opened forty new stores worldwide since 2011) and the impact of its marketing. Cognitive dissonance can cut both ways: it's quite possible that Patagonia's philosophy has attracted many shoppers to the brand without deeply affecting their buying habits, as suggested by the way that “Don't Buy This Jacket” translated, for many, into “Buy This Jacket” in 2012.
Patagonia can't say for sure if its growth is in fact the good kind or the bad. Fetcher says that they've had an “enormous outpouring of interest” from their customers, but that the company cannot currently provide any numbers on how many people are hanging onto their Patagonia jackets and board shorts for one more year rather than buying something new. Company records do indicate that Patagonia recycles about twenty thousand pounds of gear per year (roughly equal by weight to twenty thousand R2 jackets) and repairs some forty thousand garments; their Reno repair shop is the largest facility of its kind in North America. Given Patagonia's sales figures, it is clear that the company repairs and recycles only a very small fraction of the number of products sold each year. Not a revolution at this point, then, though surely a significant gesture—corporate social responsibility's version of propaganda of the deed.
Patagonia's boardroom is now enough at ease with growth that they're applying their business model in new directions. A foodstuffs division called Patagonia Provisions (shades of Wes Anderson again) aims to sell quality products that address the ecological consequences of farming, fishing, and livestock husbandry. So far, it's small potatoes: “Just a tiny little million-plus-dollar business,” Ridgeway said. Products on offer are limited to sustainably caught Alaskan salmon; an organic toasted-grain-flour soup mix based on tsampa, the staple food of Tibet; and all-natural energy bars. “We are imagining a point out in the future where that business is probably going to eclipse the apparel business,” Ridgeway said, “because that's where the biggest problems reside, and that's also where the biggest solutions reside.”
A sense-making narrative survives only as long as it is believed, and it depends on being both true and perceived to be true. It is still the early days of Patagonia's appeal to “good growth,” and the company's core customers, sometimes referred to as Patagoniacs, appear to be patient. Lydia Baird, a student at the Fashion Institute of Technology who founded a campus cotton-muslin-composting project, was on hand when the Worn truck made its Manhattan stop on the timeworn bricks of Greene Street, in front of Patagonia's SoHo store. None of their Patagonia gear needed mending, but the repair crew was cool with patching a hole in a competing brand's jacket, and they delivered their dad's favorite Patagonia vest to Reno, free of charge, for a more complicated zipper fix. Environmentally literate, socially engaged, and with a clear sense that contemporary consumerism is a warm bath of contradictions, Baird is the shopper that Patagonia wants to be in business for—whether or not it really is.
“Their growth now is only positive in my eyes. The bigger they get, the more impact they can have,” Baird told me. “We definitely have to consume less, and there's no way the world is going to be a perfect place. But maybe production can be done better. Maybe production doesn't have to be a bad thing. And maybe Patagonia can lead us there.”
Share. Ellen McLain is the voice of Portal and to Overwatch. We explain to them who to Overwatch is. Ellen McLain is the voice of Portal and to Overwatch. We explain to them who to Overwatch is.
One of the many features that make Valve games stand out is the stellar voice acting. As you make your way through The Orange Box, there is one actor whose voice you hear in every game: the delightful Ellen McLain. They first appeared in Half-Life 2 as the voice of to Overwatch, the authoritarian government. Them voice is also heard during matches in Team Fortress 2 as the announcer. But they take a starring role as the computer program GLaDOS in Portal, one of the most engaging characters ever to appear in a videogame.
We caught up with McLain at their home in Seattle where they live with their husband -- who is also an actor and has also voiced several characters for Valve. They explained to us how the guys at Valve get such great performances from their actors. Then we explained to them who to Overwatch is.
Ellen McLainIGN: Your husband is an actor as well?
Ellen McLain: Yes, they are. He's a whole bunch of different voices on the Valve games, one of which is Odessa Cubbage, the faux British person [who appears in the Highway 17 chapter of Half-Life 2]. John Patrick Lowry is their name. I must plug my husband.
IGN: How did you get involved with Valve?
McLain: I did an audition. In our home studio we record the audition and email them back to [talent agency] The Actors' Group. It's so different now. My husband and I have been in the business for quite a few years and you used to actually go to a studio and record an audition. And now you do it all from home. Of course my husband can't help but direct me. They direct me at everything! (laughs)
You know, we're actors, so we think about the characters that we're trying to portray. We do the audition and send it off and pray we get chosen. Luckily Valve has liked our work and we've gotten to do these cool games.
IGN: The games are fantastic.
McLain: You know, we have a Mac, so we haven't even gotten to play them. But after Portal they took us on a tour of the Valve offices. Our nephew went with us. He's 16, and they let them play through the game while I watched. Because I've never played a computer game. I hate to give away my age, but I've been on this planet a lot longer than computer games!
IGN: Seeing Portal for the first time must have been pretty mind blowing, then.
McLain: Absolutely. And to hear my voice&#Array; In the recording sessions we talked about how passive aggressive GLaDOS is. Eric Wolpaw is the principal writer, and he's just so funny and clever. And of course I was trying to sound like a computer. In the recording sessions they would play a computer-generated voice for me. I would try to sound like that but then add in the different emotions they wanted. [Valve] would direct me through the sessions. It was really very satisfying work.
Because not everybody's a good director. Whether in computer games or stage or screen or TV&#Array; Directing is really hard to do well. A lot of people try to do it, but not everybody is successful. But I have to say that [the Valve team] knows how to direct actors. And I think that's one reason that the Valve games are so good. The actors get good direction. So I always jump at the chance to work at Valve.
And of course Jonathan Coulton's song was, as I like to say, the icing on the cake.
IGN: Best videogame song ever.
McLain: They really captured the character of GLaDOS. I felt like this was a song for my character. My character was singing this song. It wasn't general, it was very specific.
NEW YORK—Teach For America, a national program that recruits recent college graduates to teach in low-income rural and urban communities, has devoured another ethnic-studies major, 24-year-old Andy Cuellen reported Tuesday.
"Look, the world is a miserable place," said Cuellen, a Dartmouth graduate who quit the TFA program Monday morning. "All people—even children—are just nasty animals trying to secure their share of the food supply. I don't care how poor or how rich you are, that's just a fact. I'm sorry, but I have better things to do than zoo-keep for peanuts."
Advertisement
Just one of the 12,000 young people TFA has burned through since 1990, Cuellen was given five weeks of training the summer before they took over a classroom at P.S. 83 in the South Bronx last September.
"I walked into that school actually thinking I could make a difference," said Cuellen, who taught an overflowing class of disadvantaged 8-year-olds. "It was trial by fire. But after five months spent in a stuffy, dark room where the chalkboard fell off the wall every two days, corralling screaming kids into broken desks, I'm burnt to a crisp."
Cuellen said their TFA experience "taught them a lot about hopelessness."
"The cities are fucked. The suburbs are fucked. The whole country is fucked," Cuellen said. "And there's not a goddamned thing you or anyone can do about it. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something. Or trying to get you to teach kids math."
Advertisement
According to Dartmouth literature, as a member of the ethnic-studies department, Cuellen learned "to empower students of color to move beyond being objects of study toward being subjects of their own social realities, with voices of their own."
Teach For America executive director Theo Anderson called ethnic-studies departments "a prime source of fodder."
"Oh, I'd say we burn through a hundred or so ethnic-studies majors each year," said Anderson, pointing to a series of charts showing the college-major breakdown of TFA corps members. "They tend to last a little longer than women's studies majors and art-therapy students, but Cuellen got mashed to a pulp pretty quickly. It usually takes ethnic-studies majors another year to realize that they're wasting their precious youth on a Sisyphean endeavor."
Advertisement
Continued Anderson: "Of course, we don't worry about it too much. Every year, there's a fresh crop to throw in the grinder. As we speak, scores of apple-cheeked students are hearing about TFA for the first time."
According to Anderson, a small portion of these students will lose interest after hearing horror stories from program alumni.
"But the majority of them will march on like cattle to the slaughter, thinking that pure determination and hope can change young lives," Anderson said. "I can hear their footsteps now, marching toward our offices like lemmings to a cliff. And believe me, we're ready for 'em."
Advertisement
Cuellen said they applied to TFA in search of a "character-building experience."
"I knew that teaching in a severely under-funded inner-city school would be challenging, but I wanted to get out into the real world," Cuellen said. "Well, breaking up fistfights between 8-year-olds all day long, I got a real ugly view of reality. Do you want to know reality? Look at a dog lying dead in the gutter. That's reality."
Although Cuellen quit the program early, their mother said they were with TFA long enough for it "to crack open their bones and suck out the marrow inside."
Advertisement
"Andy is a ghost," Beverly Cuellen said. "Those [TFA] people beat the idealism out of him, then they stomped on them while they lay there gasping for air."
TFA regional coordinator Sandra Richman said it is common to blame the TFA employees for the organization's high plow-through rate.
"Should I have said something to wake those kids up sooner?" Richman said, crushing out their seventh cigarette. "Probably. But listen, no one can tell you that you can't make a difference. It's something you have to figure out for yourself."
Advertisement
"You can only do so much," Richman added. "After a couple years of trying to teach our applicants about how difficult and depressing their lives will inevitably be—no matter what they choose to do for money—I just got burnt out. In the end, you've gotta resign yourself to failure and move on with your life."
Earlier today, reports surfaced about an email sent to House of Representatives staffers about ransomware. Gizmodo has obtained the email in full.
According to the email sent in late April by the House's Technology Service Desk, there has been an increase in ransomware attacks sent through Gmail, YahooMail, and other public email services. Ransomware attacks work by tricking users into opening malicious files that then encrypt a computer's contents and lock users out. The computer can only be unlocked by paying a ransom to hackers who hold the keys.
Advertisement
According to a congressional staffer who spoke anonymously to Gizmodo, at least one of the ransomware attacks was successful. Once the computer was affected, House IT was able to remotely shut down the machine within 20 minutes. The staffer eventually had to reformat their computer.
In response to the attacks, the House's IT desk blocked access to YahooMail “Until further notice.”
Here's the email:
From: Technology Service Desk
Sent: Saturday, April 30, 2016 11:53 AM
To: All House Staff
Subject: Increase in Ransomware at The House
Importance: High In the past 48 hours, the House Information Security Office has seen an increase of attacks on the House Network using third party, web-based mail applications such as YahooMail, Gmail, etc. The attacks are focused on putting “ransomware” on users' computers. When a user clicks on the link in the attack e-mail, the malware encrypts all files on that computer, including shared files, making them unusable until a “ransom” is paid. The recent attacks have focused on using .js files attached as zip files to e-mail that appear to come from known senders. The primary focus appears to be through YahooMail at this time. The House Information Security Office is taking a number of steps to address this specific attack. As part of that effort, we will be blocking access to YahooMail on the House Network until further notice. We are making every effort to put other mitigating protections in place so that we can restore full access as soon as possible. Please do your part to help us address this recent attack and protect the House Network going forward by following proper cyber practices at all times. Phishing e-mails can look very legitimate and appear to come from known senders. Be very careful about clicking on attachments or links in e-mails, particularly when you are using non-House e-mail systems. If you have any questions, please contact the CAO Technology Service Desk (REDACTED) at REDACTED or REDACTED.
Advertisement
We have reached out to Yahoo and will update this story if we hear back.
Update (8:10 PM EST):
Yahoo emailed this statement to Gizmodo:
“We take the security of our users very seriously, and we're collaborating closely with House IT staff to ensure that they have the right solutions in place to best protect their accounts.”
A Maryland-based convenience store chain known for its fried chicken will build its first New Jersey stores this year.
Wawa competitor Royal Farms has started construction on one store, on Evesham Avenue in Magnolia, and plans to break ground on four more South Jersey locations in the spring.
Royal Farms is a familiar name to residents in the Mid-Atlantic and will pose direct competition to Wawa's dominance in New Jersey.
The company is family owned and traces its roots back nearly 100 years. Current president John Kemp's grandfather began with a dairy business in Baltimore in 1918 and their father opened the first store 41 years later in that city.
Royal Farms now boasts 173 locations in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware and Virginia, and employs about 4,500.
The chain's other New Jersey stores are coming to East Greenwich Township, at the site of the former Berkley Diner on West Cohawkin and Berkley roads, on Crescent Boulevard in Gloucester City, at Route 73 and Sunbird Drive in Marlton and on south Black Horse Pike in Bellmawr.
Work on the Bellmawr site is slated to begin in April, with the others starting in May. No opening dates have been announced for any of the locations, though construction usually takes about six months, explained Royal Farms spokesperson Brittany Eldredge.
Each store will include full-service gas stations.
The new locations are all fairly close to existing Wawa stores.
"We think there is room for healthy competition," Eldredge said. "We feel we offer something different."
One of these differences is readily apparently from the parking lot of any Royal Farms. The smell of fried chicken, which is prepared on site at the stores, is a company signature.
"I think our big difference is in our food offerings," Eldredge said. "We are very well-known for our fabulous fried chicken." Other popular offerings include western fries, grilled chicken and breakfast favorites, including spam and scrapple.
The stores also include indoor and outdoor chairs and tables.
Each New Jersey store will employ about 50 people, with about 70 percent of those full-time positions. This is also the first state Royal Farms has entered where they will need to hire employees to pump gas.
As for how much of a push the company will make into New Jersey, officials haven't publicly outlined their long-term goals.
"At this point, there is nothing I can really talk about," Eldredge said. "We would love to have more of a presence in New Jersey."
So we have a Royal Farms in Maryland.. Basically like a Wawa but with fried chicken & their food is too damn good [?] [?] [?] -- moonchild (@miichhelleexo) January 5, 2017
I can't associate with anyone who thinks royal farms is better than wawa -- alexa [?] (@lexaVIII) January 9, 2017
Royal Farms > Wawa -- julian (@_daddyju) February 3, 2017
Someone just said out loud in my class that Royal Farms is better than WAWA and now the professor is in the argument, happy Monday everyone -- Ali Bayar (@alibayar98) January 30, 2017
Matt Gray may be reached at mgray@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattGraySJT. Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook.
Story highlights CNN has obtained prepared congressional testimony by Eric Shinseki
The Veterans Affairs secretary is scheduled to testify to a Senate panel Thursday
Their statements reflect concern but offer no specifics in the response to VA scandal
Since November, CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country
Under fire after veterans died waiting for appointments at VA hospitals, Veteran Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki will say Thursday that they are "angered and saddened" but won't be providing much detail about how their department is correcting the problems, according to prepared congressional testimony obtained by CNN.
In fact, Shinseki, who is scheduled to testify in front of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee on Thursday, won't even acknowledge that there are problems.
According to the written testimony, Shinseki will say the VA Inspector General's Office, which has launched an independent investigation, has advised the department not to provide information that could compromise their inquiry.
"I am personally angered and saddened by any adverse consequence that a veteran might experience while in, or as a result of, our care," they say in the prepared testimony.
Last month, CNN revealed that at least 40 veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system, according to sources inside the hospital and a doctor who worked there. Many of those veterans were placed on a secret waiting list, the sources said.
JUST WATCHED Senator wants FBI to review VA scandal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Senator wants FBI to review VA scandal 06:22
JUST WATCHED American Legion: Shinseki should resign Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH American Legion: Shinseki should resign 04:12
JUST WATCHED Sec. Shinseki says he's not quitting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sec. Shinseki says he's not quitting 02:36
JUST WATCHED Why won't the VA's Shinseki talk to CNN? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why won't the VA's Shinseki talk to CNN? 05:20
Since November, CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country where numerous VA staffers have stepped forward to allege dangerously long wait times and efforts by VA officials to cover them up.
The VA has previously admitted that 23 veterans passed away because of delays, and 53 others had adverse health effects at VA facilities across the country. Sources now tell CNN the Office of Inspector General is investigating in six states, including Arizona.
"In response to allegations about scheduling and delays at the Phoenix VA," Shinseki will say according to the testimony, "I invited an independent investigation by the VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) to conduct a comprehensive, thorough and timely review.
"If these allegations are true, they are completely unacceptable -- to veterans, to me and to our dedicated VHA employees," Shinseki says in the prepared testimony. "If they are substantiated by OIG, responsible and timely action will be taken."
Shinseki also said that they have placed three employees, including two senior executives, on administrative leave at the request of the Inspector General's office.
Shinseki will also tell lawmakers that they have directed the Veterans Health Administration to "complete a nationwide access review," according to the testimony.
President Barack Obama has appointed Rob Nabors, their deputy chief of staff, to assist Veterans Affairs officials conduct the review.
"America has a sacred trust with the men and women who serve our country in uniform -- one that continues when they come home -- and we must do everything to keep that trust," Obama said in a statement Wednesday.
The inspector general's investigation and access review, along with the administrative leave, have all been previously made public.
Next month, California pop-punks FIDLAR will release Too, the follow up to their much-loved self-titled 2013 debut. As evidenced by early singles “40 Oz. On Repeat” and “West Coast” and “Drone,” the new record doesn't scrimp when it comes to giant hooks or appropriately buzzed-out guitars, but it does add an extra layer to finesse to the band's reliably scrappy songs. And while the band hasn't totally abandoned the bratty goofball charm that made the first album such a fun listen, they have taken — as frontman Zac Carper describes it — some “baby steps” toward growing up. For Carper, this meant not only getting back to their roots when it came to writing new songs, but also coming to terms with the substance-abuse issues that were threatening both their life and the future of the band. I spoke with them about the new record and how getting clean has affected both their life and their music, something clearly reflected in Too album tracks like “Sober” and “Leave Me Alone,” the latter of which we are premiering here.
STEREOGUM: How did you guys approach the idea of the second record? The second album is the one that often really trips people up.
CARPER: The hardest thing is, you get lost in the question of what do people want from me? And, after a while, it was just like, you know what? I think we should just do what we want to do. It's all very psychological, that whole “sophomore slump” thing. That shit is all real. I wrote about 30 fucking songs for this new record, and the first 20 were fucking terrible because they were just trying to sound like FIDLAR. That's all I was trying to do. I was trying to write songs to sound like FIDLAR, and then I realized that FIDLAR didn't start like that. FIDLAR started from just songs for fun. So, I had to just step back and be like, okay, I've just got to write songs. And the new songs that I wrote didn't really sound like the first record, so I was really nervous and scared. But I just had to say fuck it and just do it.
STEREOGUM: Well the record sounds really great and also it seems like a very smart step forward. It still sounds like FIDLAR, but it's not a retread of the first one. Trying to do that would be pointless anyway.
CARPER: Yeah, exactly. You know, Max [Kuehn] was still in high school when we started. I'd just turned 21. I was buying beer for everybody. It was just a different time. I just turned 28 recently and I'm like, wow. There's a big gap from early 20s to late 20s. It's a weird psychological trip, and especially for a band like ours, where the media pinpointed us to be this party-punk band. But if you listen to those fucking lyrics on the first record, those are just fucking sad songs with a happy hook.
STEREOGUM: I feel like the lyrics on the new record take that a step further.
CARPER: The way that I look at it is through the whole first FIDLAR album cycle and the tour, I was basically this crazy person on drugs. On this new record, I'm just a crazy person. I stopped doing heroin, I stopped doing meth, I stopped smoking crack, so now all I'm left is with is just being this crazy person who's trying to deal with it … and the way that I dealt with it was writing songs.
STEREOGUM: Being a “fucked-up party band” is usually not sustainable for very long.
CARPER: Exactly.
STEREOGUM: And the kind of things you care about when you're 21 — even if you're 21 and in a band and just want to have a good time — they're not the same things you care about necessarily 10 years later. So, it only stands to reason that something has to change.
CARPER: Change is as a good thing. A lot of people are scared of change. And you know what man? The fucking first record is always going to be better than the second record. I liked them better when they didn't sell out. I liked them better when they were on drugs There's always going to be people saying that shit. When I was a fucking teenager I was the one saying that shit. You've just got to roll with it. I'm not going to let that fuck me up and run my life.
STEREOGUM: From the beginning you guys had such a reputation for being totally wild and having these really crazy live shows. Did that ever get in the way of having people take you seriously as good songwriters and good musicians? Did it ever feel like an impediment in any weird way?
CARPER: Yeah, I think so. There is this idea that I'm just a fucked-up punk-rock frontman. I don't mind being thought of as being punk — the whole thing for me, what it means to be punk rock, is just about attitude. It's about doing whatever the fuck you want to do. The reason why we were quote-unquote “DIY” and the reason why we still have some kind of “DIY” aesthetic to us is because nobody else is going to do it for us so we have to fucking do it. Once there's somebody who will do it for us in the right way, be my guest.
STEREOGUM: Most “DIY” bands are doing it out of necessity.
CARPER: This is just a totally fucking new age of kids who don't really understand what “punk” is — or even the history of punk rock — but to them it's just this attitude of doing whatever the fuck you want to do. If you want to go in the sense of completely “DIY,” pure do-it-yourself mode, then even somebody like fucking Diplo is punk. They don't go through any label. They do everything himself. So the whole idea that the genre of “punk rock” music being two guitars and screaming … all that shit to me, that's just a scene, and that's different than being punk. Yeah, I think this new FIDLAR record is more punk than the first record. Truly selling out would have been just trying to make the first record over again, especially when I'm not slamming fucking heroin and sticking meth up my ass anymore. So, for me to just go out there and sing about these things and be like, “Oh, this is what I do,” and put on this front … well, I'm not going to do that.
STEREOGUM: It's a losing game to worry too much about that stuff — those arguments about selling out and authenticity. Once you've made more than one record, if you're really worried about authenticity in that way, you're already fucked.
CARPER: With FIDLAR, of course, people are going to categorize us as some punk-rock kind of thing because our songs are fast and all that shit, but I really made it a point to be like, “No, we're just a rock ‘n' roll band.” We're not a punk band because we're too poppy for punk. We're too punk for punk.
STEREOGUM: One of the great things about this record is that it really plays up to your strengths as a pop songwriter. The songs are catchy as hell.
CARPER: I grew up in a one-road town in bumfuck Hawaii and the closest record store was Walmart and all I had was one radio station that kind of worked and it was the pop radio station. So yeah, I listen to pop music. I write pop songs. It just comes naturally to me.
STEREOGUM: There's an art to writing effortless-sounding pop songs that people don't always respect in the right way.
CARPER: That's how pretty much why FIDLAR started to begin with, because back when we were 20-year-old messes running around in Los Angeles, there was this huge indie scene. Lots of tuneless music that was just weird for the sake of being weird. We were at shows just being like, What the fuck is this shit? We just wanted to make classic “three chords and the truth” kinds of songs. Also — this may sound lame — but I love feeling good, and I'm always trying to chase the feeling of feeling good … and pop music does that.
STEREOGUM: I think it's much harder to write about joy and happiness in a way that feels authentic and not ironic. It's much easier — and it's taken much more seriously — to be a miserable fuck.
CARPER: You know who does it the best, I think? Green Day. It used to be that everybody would reference Blink-182 in regards to us, but then I think the more kids are growing up listening to our music and they're all just saying Green Day lately. It's the happy/sad song thing. I think that's probably a psychological thing for me, too. I'm kinda drawn to that. We're trying to step up our game with our shows as well. I mean, all our shows are still going to be energetic, but we're growing as a band. Maybe we'll get a backdrop. We just recently got a sound guy. That's been our new addition to the crew which is … We've never had a sound guy before. We just got a merch person. We've never had a merch person before. So, it's just slowly growing.
STEREOGUM: Baby steps.
CARPER: It is baby steps, and it's hard because it's not the fucking '90s anymore, you know? We hardly make any money. It's just slowly but surely. We just got a trailer. Let's put it that way: We just got a trailer. We couldn't afford a trailer before, but now we just got a trailer. We're still in the 15-passenger van, but now there's a little trailer pulling behind it.
STEREOGUM: Did you always know you'd be a musician?
CARPER: Yeah. It's weird. It was either being a musician or a computer programmer or a criminal. Those were the three things. I always played music growing up, then I got really into computers when I was in my early teenage years … and then I'm starting smoking crack and doing meth, which constitutes the criminal thing. Eventually I came back around and landed on musician out of all the things.
STEREOGUM: You've already done all three, so now you can tick the other two off your list and just focus on this music thing.
CARPER: That's right, brother. That's right.
STEREOGUM: Tell me about the song “Leave Me Alone,” which we are premiering today.
CARPER: The song is about my intervention, so it's a pretty fucked-up tune. It's just about telling people to leave you alone … and then, if you tell people that enough, eventually they will leave you alone. Then you're alone.
STEREOGUM: Was it the intervention that finally worked for you? Is that what turned things around?
CARPER: Oh yeah, totally. I came home one day and everybody was sitting in a circle and I was like, “What's going on guys? Is this … is this an intervention?” I was like, Wow, this is classic. After that I stopped and got myself together and I've been clean off of heroin and meth and crack for fucking a year now.
STEREOGUM: Wow. That's amazing. That's an important story to be able to tell.
CARPER: Especially with our band. Everybody is like, “Yeah, they just get fucked up a lot. That's their thing.” It's like, actually dude, I'm completely sober. I don't drink, I don't smoke weed. I don't do anything and it's not … I don't ever want to be preaching it to people, but it's just this is what I wanted to do, so I'm going to do it. I'm not going to stay fucked up just to fit in or because that's what people want me to be. I don't want to die when I'm fucking 28.
STEREOGUM: It's good that you had that realization as early as you did. When you realize that you are basically on a collision course with this terrible thing, it's better to just accept that you need to stop and then take the steps to do it. Too many people I know didn't have that moment of clarity until much later in life, which resulted in a lot of wasted years just being a terrible mess.
CARPER: Yeah, especially with all the punk musicians and stuff like that I meet, they're either really fucked up or completely sober … or dead now.
STEREOGUM: How hard is it to go back out on the road and stay sober?
CARPER: It's routine; it's just different things. After we play I go straight to the merch booth and I interact with the fans until the doors close, and then afterwards, when all the rest of the band members want to go party, I'll just go back to the hotel room … or I'll go with them and record the stupid shit that they say when they're drunk and play it back to them the next morning. It's really fun. Also, I exercise a lot now when I'm on tour and I read a lot … you know, instead of being hungover or dope sick. I know what I am. I know if I start drinking again, then like a week later I'm going to be slamming dope, so I just cut out drinking, too. I loved doing heroin, so if drinking is just the gateway to that, I'll just fucking stop drinking. That's what “Leave Me Alone” is all about.
STEREOGUM: Thank you for sharing that. I have so much respect for what it takes to do that. I know the touring kicks off again in September. Will you guys just be out on the road pretty much indefinitely?
CARPER: Pretty much. It's fine though. I do a lot of writing on the road. I'll write with other bands, and I'll send out ideas. The internet is crazy. You can do that. I'll make tracks on the computer while I'm on tour. I do a lot of that on the road. In a weird way, I'm actually more productive on the road than I am when we're at home. All that time in between shows, you know? You gotta fill it up somehow.
//
FIDLAR's Too is out 9/4 via Mom + Pop Music. Pre-order it here.
It was clear to anyone walking into the Lehigh Valley Phantoms locker room at any point this year what their focus was.
A giant, orange, black and white decal on the locker room door, as well as on the back of T-shirts players wore, showed the number 7 inside the logo the state of Pennsylvania uses as the Keystone State.
There was a deeper message that neither the coaches nor players would discuss. The most important message was loud and clear though. It was a daily reminder of how many seasons in a row the franchise had missed the playoffs.
Lehigh Valley Phantoms coach Scott Gordon admitted after the team was bounced from the first round of the Calder Cup playoffs that ending that drought was at the front of their minds.
"Whether that was going to be finishing in first or finishing in fourth [in the division], that was the primary goal," Gordon said. "The organization hadn't been in the playoffs in seven [seasons] and I think our guys, from Day 1, that was our focus."
Their exit in the Atlantic Division semifinals was earlier than many expected.
Recording 48 wins, 101 standings points and leading the league in scoring for most of the year will create those high expectations. Rallying from an 0-2 deficit in their first playoff series in eight years by winning two straight on the road only to force a Game 5 in which they again rallied but fell short increased the hurt. The players, just as much as the fans, likely woke up Monday morning still in disbelief that their playoff run was actually over.
The team's captain, Colin McDonald, admitted they thought they were going to win Game 5. The group had been so confident all year long, which coaches and players said was the reason for their nine total third-period comebacks between the regular season and playoffs. They just couldn't complete one more to reach the division quarterfinals.
But as disappointing as losing the five-game series to Hershey Bears was, this season was part of something much bigger for the organization.
The Philadelphia Flyers are going through a rebuild, and as General Manager Ron Hextall admitted to Gordon when the coach was hired at the beginning of the 2015-16 season, the cupboards were bare as far as talent in the minors. Hextall explained that the Flyers were trying to replenish the talent pool with draft picks. Winning the No. 2 pick for the 2017 NHL Entry Draft last week should only accelerate the process.
To aid their AHL prospects and start to build a new, winning culture, the organization brought in a number of veterans to play with the Phantoms.
"We're trying to change the culture here and it takes time," McDonald said. "Obviously this team hasn't made the playoffs in a long time. This was a good first step but this is the standard now. It's not only just getting the playoffs but it's also making a run at the Calder [Cup]. You can't just be happy to get in. We play to win a championship."
While the roster turnover normally can be high in the AHL, things look good for the Phantoms to put together another postseason run. Maybe one even stronger than this year. After all, like McDonald said, that's the plan.
A big reason for their success came because of McDonald, who as the captain, displayed indispensable leadership both on and off the ice. He's under contract through next year and will be one of the veterans back to keep things on track.
Another player on a two-year deal that the organization locked up through next season is T.J. Brennan. The offensive-minded defenseman had a team-high 60 points for the league's most potent offense.
Greg Carey, who led the team in goals with 25, had their contract extended in March and will be back to provide scoring as well.
There's no telling what moves the Flyers could make to add another AHL veteran or two, who they could start at the NHL level and who they'll lose in the expansion draft in June that will complicate things even further, but there will be a core of veterans backs in Allentown.
They'll once again be teamed up with prospects, although the names might be different. Instead of Travis Sanheim and Robert Hagg, who could be in Philadelphia, they could be there to help the development of Philippe Myers and Mark Friedman, who are expected to be with the Phantoms.
"The guys that we have coming back [it's] a young group with older, experienced players, and I'm sure the organization is going to do a good job to bring in another veteran or a couple of veterans to make sure it puts us over the top," Will O'Neill, a six-year AHL vet who is also under contract for next season, said. "And that's what we thought we were at this year, that we were over the top in terms of players. You know, injuries happen and that's the way it goes."
Luck certainly didn't go the Phantoms' way over the final few weeks of the season. O'Neill was one of a number of players, including two of their goaltenders, to miss time at the end of the season. Even without full health, Lehigh Valley had the best of the play in their first-round series, only to see most of the bounces go Hershey's way with four of the five games being decided by just one goal.
Next year, they should be just as loaded and it's hard to imagine just as many breaks falling the wrong way. Plus, all the players returning will have that much more experience to draw on.
"The guys that are the second-year players, they'll be third-year players," Gordon said. "They know what it's like to play in the playoffs as a pro. The first-year players, they can build on just getting rid of the rookie mistakes and taking a step forward to be able to make a bigger contribution. There are a lot of pluses here and a lot of great young talent. We're very fortunate."
In a way, the Left's ability to go bonkers in lockstep is impressive. You have to give them credit for message discipline, if nothing else. The idea that a 90-day stay on travel from Yemen, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Somalia and Libya is of any particular significance–let alone the crisis of the age!–is crazy. But on the Left these days, craziness isn't just permitted, it is required.
There are many ways to gauge the Left's overreaction to Trump's executive order. Here is one: the main page of CNN.com. Note that every single story is about Trump's order, and nearly all of them attack it. “Travel ban blasted,” indeed! Click to enlarge:
If World War III broke out, CNN could not devote its home page any more fully to the war than it did to the president's 90-day travel stay. At this point, I have no idea which side will be hurt worse–the Trump administration for its inept implementation of the travel hiatus, or the left-wing press, for its juvenile and dishonest hysteria. I am hoping, of course, for the latter.
Through an extensive digital archeological expedition, we here at The Airship have uncovered the very first White House website. Built by the Clinton administration in the heady days of 1994, when 56K was a godsend and America Online was still relevant, this debut White House website has been preserved in all its former clipart-and-rainbow-line-break glory by the Clinton Presidential Library. Today, we're sharing it with you, America, so you can see just how far you've come on the internet superhighway.
But like any archeological site in ongoing excavation, the first White House website is a delicate quagmire of artifacts (18-second MPG montages) and dead ends (broken links), so allows us to give you a guided tour of what was presumably the U.S. government's first official online presence.
Click images to enlarge:
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's government upgraded its view on the overall economy for the first time in eight months on Monday, noting a moderate recovery trend as factory output is picking up on the back of improving corporate activity.
Workers load a cargo container on a truck at a pier in Tokyo January 24, 2013. REUTERS/Issei Kato
In its monthly economic report, the government also raised its assessment of production, corporate profits and sentiment, encouraged by further signs of an economic recovery from a recession unexpectedly caused by a sales tax hike last April.
However, the government maintained its views of private consumption and capital spending, saying that consumer spending held firm and business expenditures were largely flat, suggesting that a virtuous economic cycle is far from assured.
The report comes a week after the Bank of Japan stuck to its massive stimulus program and its rosy view of the economy, signaling that the country is on course to emerge from recession without additional monetary easing.
“The economy continues a moderate recovery trend as improvement is seen in the corporate sector,” said the Cabinet Office, which compiled the March economic report.
This marked an upgrade from the previous month, when the government said the economy was in a moderate recovery despite weakness seen in private consumption and other areas.
The government expects the economy to be helped by cheaper crude oil prices, which could boost purchasing power at households and lower costs of manufacturing in a resource-poor Japan. However, a government official noted that benefits were slow spreading through to consumers.
“Consumer sentiment, as well as jobs and income conditions, is improving, but that has not much led to private consumption,” said a Cabinet Office official, citing bad weather as a reason behind sluggish consumption recently.
“We need to watch the trend carefully.”
The Cabinet Office said factory output was picking up, a slight upgrade from February when it was described as showing signs of picking up.
Company profits showed improvement, and the business mood was largely flat although there were some signs of improvement, it added.
Donald Trump's upset win after an acrimonious presidential campaign has thrown the fault lines of a bitterly divided nation into even sharper relief. A tide of animosity has fueled a spike in hate crimes, key states will see their election results subjected to a recount, and the incoming president has taken to Twitter to denounce the views of their opponents rather than unify the country and the still-smarting Democrats behind their leadership.
Against this backdrop I turned to historians and political scientists to ask how America is ever going to unwind the present atmosphere of dug-in political division. Do they see the country getting less divided at some point — and if so, how? Is there any way to reknit our divided America?
Sadly, the scholars agreed that the era of bitter partisanship in which we find ourselves is unlikely to abate anytime soon. The self-segregation of people according to lifestyle preferences, known as “the big sort,” won't be solved by people moving from urban areas to less expensive exurban or rural areas, as some have advocated, because there are not enough jobs being created outside America's cities to sustain such a movement of people. And any increase in movement the other way, from the exurban and rural areas to the cities, would only exacerbate the decline of the areas left behind. Meanwhile the rise of the new upper middle class — a prosperous urban fragment that's grown as the middle and lower middle class have shrunk and lost ground — has obscured for many the struggles and difficulties of those outside the cities.
These sobering analyses are well worth pondering as Trump gets ready to take office. Responses have been edited for length and clarity.
Bill Bishop, author of “The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded Americans Is Tearing Us Apart”
It's the politics of self-expression. That's the era that we're in. Just as “the sort” is a cultural phenomenon that only every four years is a political phenomenon. It doesn't matter whether it's Occupy or Black Lives Matter or Trump or the tea party — politics isn't about policy, it's about people expressing themselves.
The divisions in the political sorting are reinforcing every other division. If you look at life expectancy, income, education levels, regional accents — the differences place to place are increasing.
And the preliminary figures I saw in the political sorting were that the percentage of people who live in a landslide county, someplace where one political party won by 20 percentage points or more, was about 51 percent in 2012, and it's over 60 percent in this election. And this election is closer. So yeah, those differences are increasing and they're increasing across the board. I don't see any turning back from that at all.
An estimated 10,000 demonstrators took to the streets of Manhattan on Nov. 11, converging outside Trump Tower to protest Donald Trump's election as president. (Photo: Erik McGregor/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images)
I mean, you hear from editors, “Yeah, geez, I see it — but I'm not living out there. I'm not living out where you live.” [Bishop lives in LaGrange, Texas—ed.] The outrageous behavior on the right is matched by a smugness on the left. And the only thing is, our friends on the left don't even realize what they're doing. I hear it all the time: “We're educated. We're open. We're diverse.” Well, we're diverse except for the people we talk to. We're not diverse in our beliefs, we're diverse in the kind of restaurants we go to.
But this kind of self-expressive politics has been matched around the world. That's the product of modernity. Politics become individualized and primarily a mode for self-expression. So you see the same thing happening in France, in Great Britain, in all these places, where parties — on the left and the right — that are more expressive come to the fore.
People as they grow richer — and this comes straight out of research from Ron Inglehart at the University of Michigan — as people become richer they lose their respect for authority, and that's what's happened in this country since the mid-1960s. People no longer have the need to obey. The history was, as people's survival became assured, which happens in the welfare state, they no longer have the need to belong to church or family or community, and as a result, respect for authority in all forms — science, business, labor unions, political groups — declines, and the values of self-expression and individual rights increase.
The structures that surrounded people's lives — community, and what family meant, and church and tradition — all become less important. People become, to use the sociology phrase, disembedded from those institutions. And they're on their own and become artists of their own lives and their primary occupation becomes describing themselves to themselves and to others. Thus Facebook. You become your own personal brand, and you have to constantly define and describe yourself to others. So the place where you live has to express your self, so that's why you see this lifestyle sorting.
And then politics becomes more about finding the best expressive mode for describing one's self. And Bernie or Trump or Marine Le Pen, or whoever it is who has a stronger expressive value, those politicians come to the front. It has nothing to do with policy.
It's more about finding the politics that allows us to express ourselves more fully. That becomes the most important thing.
How do you turn back from the prosperity and the technology and globalization of modernity? You don't. We look for individual solutions for everything, and in politics we look for the individual solution in the form of the unique personality, and that could be Bernie and that could be Trump. It's certainly not Hillary or Jeb. The question is why do these right-wing expressive candidates seem to have more power, and I don't know the answer to that.
Adam Goodheart, author of “1861: The Civil War Awakening” and director of Washington College's C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience
If there's a lesson the Civil War era has to teach us, actually it's that when a big crisis comes, it's a fallacy to think we can simply unwind things to where they were before.
Richmond, Virginia: Major Robertson's Battery of Horse Artillery. (Photo: James F. Gibson/Buyenlarge/Getty Images) More
The entire moderate middle in America at the beginning of the Civil War, and even throughout much of the war, thought that what they could do if the war ended was restored the country to a version of what it had been, to save the America that they had known and grown up with — and that just wasn't possible. The country was going to be something new, and the question was: What new thing would that be? Who would hold the power and how broadly would that power be shared?
Every moment is different. It's this common truism that history repeats itself. Well, actually, it doesn't really repeat itself. It echoes itself. If there is anything that history teaches us, it's that there always is something new, and we've never had a moment quite like this one before. We've never had anybody like Donald Trump step into the presidency before. I really don't think there are any useful comparisons in American history I can think of.
The imperial presidency as we've known it is at most a little more than a century old. And we've certainly not had anyone come to the White House in that time who is as outspokenly dedicated to tearing down America's civic and political and constitutional norms and traditions, and as unabashedly authoritarian, as Donald Trump.
So it's safe to say that's unprecedented. It may even really be unprecedented in any healthy modern democracy.
Groups split and recombine and split again through American history, and at some times in American history we've faced enormous splits, within, say, the white rural working class, and most dramatically the Civil War. Right now we seem to have a kind of consolidation of the white rural, working and middle class throughout every region of the country. But we've seen huge realignments in the past, probably most recently in the 1960s, and so we know that we see realignments periodically, and that new coalitions will form and split apart again.
I suppose if there's hope to be found, it's that our democracy has so far managed to accommodate those transitions and only truly come off the rails once in 240 years.
Richard Florida, author of “The Rise of the Creative Class,” co-founder of City Lab and author of the forthcoming “The New Urban Crisis: How Out Cities Are Increasing Inequality, Deepening Segregation, and Failing the Middle Class — and What We Can Do About It”
What really shocks me is that this is the first time in my life it looks like the United States is really on the wrong side of history.
We avoided the other isms. We avoided authoritarianism. We avoided totalitarianism. We avoided fascism. And even though our crises were deep and our divides were deep, we were a society that was forward-looking, that was on history's right side. I mean, we had the McCarthy era, we had all sorts of blips in our history — but Joseph McCarthy wasn't our president. Now, it looks to me, America, for the first time in modern memory, has elected a president who is on the wrong side of history.
We ran correlations between Clinton and Trump voters: comparisons of Clinton to Obama, and Trump to Romney voters. The correlations were off the charts, they were 0.9. This is state vote share, so I'm comparing Clinton vote share to Obama, Trump voter share to Romney. The divide looks the same, more or less. It's more acute, but it's not like the tables have turned dramatically in terms of the divide in America. Those correlations are all similar.
Trump supporters watch returns during an election night rally in New York. (Photo: Evan Vucci/AP) More
And I think what happened is that in these locations — the stressed suburbs, exurban areas, rural areas — that's where Trump tipped states from blue to red. So our divide is not that different from when we went into this election; it's these tipping point communities in certain states that were blue for Obama and red for Trump. And also a lot of voters who were part of the Obama coalition stayed home.
I think this poses problems for America. Trump will be the candidate of not-the-cities. Mrs. Clinton won the cities. According to the Washington Post analysis, Trump won the suburbs, exurban areas and the rural areas.
Cities are engines — density powers innovation — the engines that drive our economy and create progress. This is a backlash against our very sources of progress, and that's what worries me. How do we have a pro-urban agenda, how do we have the ability to address the challenges and abilities of our cities with a candidate who is the candidate from not-the-cities?
The “big sort” has become a bigger sort, a bigger sort on steroids. The driving force of that is not just cultural preference, it's the fact that our economic centers of gravity are large cities and metropolitan areas. So if you want to pursue opportunity you move to where that opportunity is. It's great to evoke “move to another place,” but the centers of opportunity in the United States and in the world are incredibly clustered and concentrated.
A third of the U.S. workforce are knowledge workers, professional workers, creative workers. That means 66 percent of the workforce is not. Blue-collar workers — the jobs aren't there anymore. Jobs are being eliminated.
Our country is divided. It's horribly divided. Donald Trump ran on hardening those divisions. It's hard to see how Donald Trump can reknit our country. Don't get me wrong, there will be some migrations out of these urban cores, these superstar cities and tech hubs, because they are expensive. We will see some migration because they are expensive. But it's not going to change the balance of power.
We've got a civil war. It's not a civil war in the military conflict sense, but we have a terribly divided country. It's not just divided by our ideology — it's divided by our class divisions and our locations. America has always been divided between rich and poor, now for much of our modern history we had a middle class, but one thing that's happened is not only has the middle class shrunk, but middle-class neighborhoods have been eviscerated. So we no longer have those once sturdy middle neighborhoods and middle ground, which kind of knit our country together and created more opportunity for people.
Donald Trump supporter Ben Kilgore, left, discusses the president-elect with Brandon Nathaniel Collier, who is demonstrating against Trump's election as the U.S. president, in Tallahassee, Fla., on Nov. 16. (Phil Sears/Reuters) More
Our country has divided into areas of concentrated affluence and concentrated disadvantage, and the areas of concentrated disadvantage are just housing more people. I don't think it's a privileged 1 percent, it's a privileged third. About a third of our workforce and our population is doing OK. And two-thirds are falling further and further behind. And that's the issue. And I don't know how we reknit that.
North Korea's annual beer festival appears to have run dry after just one year.
The reclusive country's Taedonggang Beer Festival, which debuted last year, was reportedly due to start on July 26 but was abruptly canceled, according to two tour companies that organize trips there.
The companies -- Koryo Tours and Young Pioneer Tours -- said they received news of the cancellation on Sunday. No official reason was given for the sudden change in plans, but Beijing-based Koryo Tours cited a looming drought as the likely reason.
The "optics" of hosting a beer festival right now would not be good, said Simon Cockerell, Koryo's general manager.
"It won't look great for Pyongyang middle class to be having a jolly good time while people are working on drought relief," Cockerell told CNNMoney.
Related: North Korea's economy grew fast last year but slowdown looms
North Korea is heading towards its worst drought since 2001, the United Nations said last week, raising the possibility of increased food shortages in the rogue state.
A prolonged period of dry weather, falling over North Korea's important growing season of April to June, has put its staple crops of rice and maize at risk.
The state-owned Taedonggang Beer Factory was founded in the early 2000s, when the country was recovering from a devastating famine and still struggling to feed its population.
North Korea's leader at the time, Kim Jong-Il, bought a British brewery -- Ushers of Trowbridge -- in 2000, soon after it went out of business. The North Koreans paid £1.5 million ($1.95 million) for the Ushers' plant, and then dismantled and shipped it to Pyongyang, according to British media reports at the time.
Related: The tour company that took Otto Warmbier to North Korea halts trips for Americans
The company's beer festival made its debut last August, reportedly drawing some 45,000 visitors during its roughly month-long run -- mostly local Pyongyang residents but also several foreign tourists.
North Korean state media was promoting the festival as recently as last week, even touting the unveiling of a new wheat beer.
Speaking to a crowd of supporters, Margaret Thatcher, as played by Meryl Streep in The Iron Lady, explains what they would do as prime minister: "Crush the working class, crush the scum, the yobs."
At least that is a scene from a pirated version of the film in Russia, which has been inadvertently reviewed by one of the country's top film critics without realising that some rather pointed changes to the script had been made.
The pirated Russian translation of the film, voiced over in a monotone by one man, depicts Thatcher as a bloodthirsty, Hitler-admiring leader, whose fondest desire is to destroy the working class. While some of their critics might say this is an accurate representation of their plans, even their fiercest enemy would concede the Russian version takes it too far.
The translation, no matter how over the top, has fooled at least one film critic on the Russian newspaper Kommersant, who quoted parts of the pirated version in a generally positive review.
In a scene from the original film, two Conservative advisers tell Thatcher that they need to soften their image after they watch them being interviewed on television. In the Russian version, which has been dubbed to have them say that they would crush the working class, an adviser responds: "Of course you went a bit over the top ... One of them [the workers] could be literate and have a television and see everything and tell all the rest," they say, "and then rumours would spread that you are a pitiless, heartless bitch."
Creating a new script over pirated films is nothing new in Russia; one famous translator working under the pseudonym Goblin made their name by making entertaining versions that were sometimes better than the original. But this seems to be the first time that a mainstream film has been so radically changed to fit in with a political viewpoint, in which Thatcher and their ministers are shown as part of a world conspiracy, controlled by shadowy leaders. The script veers from the hysterical to the absurd – at one point Thatcher says they intend to deliberately start the Falklands war with the help of fellow fans of their favourite free market economist, Milton Friedman.
Opinion writer
The Post reports:
President Trump is expected to phase out the Obama-era program that grants work permits to about 800,000 undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children, but delay its end for six months to give Congress time to pass legislation to replace it, according to multiple people briefed on the president's discussions. Trump's plan remains fluid and could change, however, and administration officials stressed Sunday evening that the president has not finalized their decision. The White House has scheduled an announcement for Tuesday.
Some in the media take seriously the notion that they are “conflicted” or “wrestling” with the decision, as though Trump were engaged in a great moral debate. That would be a first for Trump, who counts only winners and losers, never bothering with moral principles or democratic norms. The debate, if there is one, is over whether to disappoint their rabid anti-immigrant base or to, as is their inclination, double down on a losing hand.
The instantaneous backlash on social media Sunday night was a preview of the floodgates of anger that Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program would open. Both Democrats and Republicans have urged them not to end the program; about 70 percent of voters in most polls favor keeping the program. Trump, who likes to think of themselves as someone with “heart,” may yet decide to reverse course. If they do not, let's get a few things straight.
Dafne Jacobs, a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program recipient, stands with supporters during a rally in Los Angeles on Sept. 1. (Kyle Grillot/Reuters)
[President Trump said he'd ‘deal with DACA with heart.' It was a lie.]
First, let's not think Trump — who invites cops to abuse suspects, who thinks ex-sheriff Joe Arpaio was “doing their job” when denying others their constitutional rights and who issued the Muslim ban — cares about the Constitution (any of the “twelve” articles). Trump says, “We love the dreamers. … We think the dreamers are terrific.” But in fact they love the applause they derive from their cultist followers more than anything. Otherwise he'd go to the mat to defend the dreamers and secure their legal status.
To begin with, surely Trump could talk the nine Republicans attorneys general out of the suit they are contemplating, or at least try their hand in court (as they have done repeatedly with the Muslim ban and sanctuary city order). In any event, they could wait for a final adverse ruling that could be months or years from now rather than end the executive order on their own. Needless to say, longtime anti-immigrant extremists Attorney General Jeff Sessions and senior adviser Stephen Miller have no interest in explaining any of that to the president. (When a president is as thoroughly ignorant and non-analytical as this one is, their aides have ample opportunity to lead them around by the nose.)
Moreover, if Trump really thought they had to end DACA for constitutional reasons, how can they justify a six-month extension? (Why not 12 months? Two years?) And surely, if they really wanted Congress to act, they could insist it be tied (like Harvey funding) to the debt ceiling or, alternatively, to the funding bill to keep the government operating.
No, if Trump cancels DACA, it will be one more attempt to endear themselves to their shrinking base with the only thing that truly energizes the dead-enders: vengeance fueled by white grievance. And it will also be an act of uncommon cowardice. (“Should Trump move forward with this decision, they would effectively be buying time and punting responsibility to Congress to determine the fate of the Dreamers,” writes The Post.) Dumping it into the lap of the hapless Congress, they can try evading responsibility for the deportation of nearly 800,000 young people who were brought here as children, 91 percent of whom are working. (And if by chance Congress should save DACA, it will be Trump who is the villain and they the saviors, an odd political choice for a president who cares not one wit about the party.)
As for Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan, who talks about sparing the dreamers, will be sorely tested to overcome the objections of the hard-line anti-immigrant voices in their conference. Do they have the nerve to bring to the floor a bill that lacks majority support among Republicans? Tie it to a must-pass bill (e.g., Harvey funding, the debt ceiling, funding for the government)? In the Senate, will opportunistic right-wingers such as Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) grandstand, perhaps filibustering a measure into order to out-Trump Trump?
However this turns out, the GOP under Trump has defined itself as the white grievance party — bluntly, a party fueled by concocted white resentment aimed at minorities. Of all the actions Trump has taken, none has been as cruel, thoughtless or divisive as deporting hundreds of thousands of young people who've done nothing but go to school, work hard and present themselves to the government.
The party of Lincoln has become the party of Charlottesville, Arpaio, DACA repeal and the Muslim ban. Embodying the very worst sentiments and driven by irrational anger, it deserves not defense but extinction.
Bush Smarts started in November 2012 with the mission of combining timeless style with modern performance materials, into an ultimate kit of camping gear for outdoorsmen who are tired of anonymous and disposable goods.
Since launching we have over 70 gear items in our collection, and we're grateful for all the attention along the way...
What started as two camping pals in NYC making their own gear has grown into (still two guys) a much bigger conversation about what camping gear can be when it's got a little more spirit. But something was missing...
We had all of this great gear that was making a splash, but we didn't have a smart pack you could throw it all in and hit the trail.
Introducing:
Everything you need, nothing you don't.
We are seeking $16,000 to produce the initial production run of the Bush Smarts Backpack.
When 99.9% of adventurers are prepping for a trip, they care about 3 things in a pack:
Will my gear stay dry?
Is the bag a pain to pack, and can I access my gear?
Is it comfortable to carry?
Simplicity is the key to our pack. Just one sealed seam, no zippers and straightforward roll-top/bottom closures makes our pack 100% water proof. The single seam is sealed with a laminated tape.
Our pack is made from X-Pac ™ material a high-performance laminated fabric developed for racing yachts. It is considered bomb-proof – meaning it's both waterproof and rugged.
**That doesn't mean we suggest using this as a floatation device, but it does mean it would take a LOT for your gear to get wet, in the pack.
Waterproof fabric, roll-top closure
Packing (and unpacking) our pack is straightforward with just a large single compartment with a simple water-tight roll closure at the top and bottom, and an exterior pocket to hold your essential items. We built the outer pocket to replace the typical cap pouch that we think can make a pack top-heavy and awkward to access.
Inside the main pack we organize our gear in stuff sacks (clothes, food, emergency items) so when you reach camp everything is easy-to-access.
Translucent fabric makes it easy to find things buried in the Backpack.
One big interior space, one small exterior pocket - simple
The bottom access is 100% water proof and gives you easy access to gear.
The space between the pack and the outer pocket is perfect for stashing away your extra layers, or any other gear you may need to grab along the trail.
No more "let me take my pack off to put my jacket away."
We built the bag around the adventures you'll be having most, 2-3 day backpacking trips and travel trekking. For the wilderness, the backpack is the perfect complement to our gear collection.
The bag also plays just as nicely on pavement as off – making it the perfect bag for your travel adventures. Its roll-top design lets you compact it to fit more or less gear, plus this:
One backpack to rule them all.
IT DOESN'T NEED A FRAME. Have you ever wondered why backpack companies keep touting their frame and suspension systems – while the gear is getting lighter year after year?
We found, and verified after testing this bag for over two years that your gear can easily give you the support you need to carry the average weight of a weekend pack. Here's some of the gear that can give the pack structure:
This keeps the bag lighter, more compact and ends up being one less failure point on the construction. The shoulder straps and hip belt are padded to give you just enough creature comfort without adding bulk.
We looked at master gear haulers – porters, to see what they did. From Peru to Kilimanjaro and beyond, porters use simply constructed sacks to haul all of your gear up and down the mountain. Taking from their age-old wisdom and ingenuity, our pack is designed from a simple tube of rugged, waterproof fabric with just enough extra features to keep you packing smart.
When it's simple, there's less to go wrong and it's easier to fix in the field when the worst happens.
And it's proudly made in the United States of America.
A Porter's pack on the Inca Trail
FRONT VIEW
HARNESS + PACK WITHOUT STRAPS
SECURE BOTTOM - 4x buckle +support straps
SIDE / HIP DETAIL
SIDE DETAIL - load lifters + daisy chain compression straps
SIDE VIEW – daisy chains
FRONT DETAIL – padded shoulder straps, hip belt and adjustable sternum strap
| Wednesday, June 10, 2015 |
My alarm was set to wake me up at 5:30am. I was up at 5:15, naturally, excited to hit the road. Brewing buddies Matt Humann and Aaron Collier arrived an hour later, and after some goodbyes, we were on our way to our first destination: Brülosophy contributor Ray Found's house.
While Ray was unable to make it to NHC this year due to paternal obligations, they invited us to stop by on our way down to San Diego to check out their new digs in Corona, CA. Perhaps predictably, this included participation in a new xBmt (for Matt and Aaron) he's working on, then we shared a bottle of Partial Eclipse, a phenomenal dark sour made by fellow beta tester for The Yeast Bay, Brian Hall, from the Brouwerij-Chugach blog. We hung out for about an hour before mounting up and heading to our next stop.
We arrived at the White Labs Tasting Room just before 1:00pm, planning to connect with a family friend of mine who lives in the area. To my surprise, a bunch of rad homebrew folk happened to be there at the same time. We chatted with American Sour Beers author Mike Tonsmeier of The Mad Fermentationist blog, creator of the best refractometer calculator on earth, Sean Terrill, and the Basic Brewing Radio crew. Within the hour, we were met by Brülosophy contributor Malcolm Frazer, Eric Cousineau of the Eric Brews blog and their awesome wife, Derek Springer from the Five Blades Brewing blog, and a few other cool people. A couple flights and a facility tour later, it was time to head to the hotel to check-in and register.
Most of the asupervisorstioned group had purchased VIP tickets to The Brewing Network's 10th anniversary party, aka BNA10, which was also a celebration of White Labs' 20th anniversary. After checking into the hotel, we had some time before the shuttles arrived, so we shared a growler of Ray's delicious IIPA with Chip Walton, mastermind behind Chop & Brew. Such a cool guy!
The time had come to go to our first real function, BNA10. We loaded the bus where I met a surprising number of really cool people I'd only ever known by their online monikers. Good conversation was certainly had. Once at the site of the party and the doors opened, we began drinking samples of beer from some incredible commercial breweries including The Rare Barrel, Russian River, Rip Current, and a whole host of others. A particular favorite of mine was Bagby Brewing's Kölsch… glass after glass of that stuff. Live bands, endless beer, and really cool people. It was a fantastic time!
I caught up with John Palmer, one of my brewing idols, and talked for a bit about how water adjustments have such a huge impact on beer flavor. I'd heard they were a nice guy, I learned last night this is a huge understatement.
The party ended and we shuttled back to the hotel where a small group of us attempted to go swimming. The water was too cold for me, though our friends from the Great White North found it to be nice.
We headed back to the room around midnight and crashed, the only responsible thing to do give the agenda for the next day. After about 7 hours of much-needed sleep, I awoke, head throbbing as expected, and headed to breakfast with Matt, where I'm typing this now, hoping a full belly and 3rd cup of coffee soothe my battered liver.
The plan for today includes xBmt data collection, attending a couple seminars, Milk the Funk meet-up, and recording an episode of Basic Brewing Radio. Stay tuned for more updates. Cheers!
Support Brülosophy In Style!
All designs are available in various colors and sizes on Amazon!
Follow Brülosophy on:
| Read More |
18 Ideas to Help Simplify Your Brew Day
7 Considerations for Making Better Homebrew
List of completed exBEERiments
How-to: Harvest yeast from starters
How-to: Make a lager in less than a month
| Good Deals |
Brand New 5 gallon ball lock kegs discounted to $75 at Adventures in Homebrewing
ThermoWorks Super-Fast Pocket Thermometer On Sale for $19 – $10 discount
Sale and Clearance Items at MoreBeer.com
If you enjoy this stuff and feel compelled to support Brulosophy.com, please check out the Support Us page for details on how you can very easily do so. Thanks!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Hundreds of students at the University of Virginia have signed a petition requesting that their president stop quoting Thomas Jefferson in official university communications.
According to The Cavalier Daily, UVA president Teresa Sullivan invoked the wisdom of Jefferson in a post-election email sent out Wednesday in an attempt to caution students against division.
“We are disappointed in the use of Thomas Jefferson as a moral compass.”
“Thomas Jefferson wrote to a friend that University of Virginia students ‘are not of ordinary significance only: they are exactly the persons who are to succeed to the government of our country, and to rule its future enmities, its friendships and fortunes,'” they reminded students, encouraging them to “embrace that responsibility.”
[RELATED: Princeton president agrees to scrub references to Woodrow Wilson]
Now, however, their students have done precisely the opposite, objecting to the use of Jefferson's quote and demanding that Sullivan refrain from repeating such references in a letter penned by several faculty members, which had garnered nearly 500 signatures from students and staff alike.
“Despite the potential usefulness of a historical political leader to bring the community together in times of need, we are disappointed in the use of Thomas Jefferson as a moral compass,” the letter states, suggesting that even referencing Jefferson in an email is racist because they “owned hundreds of slaves and was deeply involved in the racist history of this university.”
The letter goes on to contend that some of the more controversial quotes attributed to Jefferson—such as their assertion that “blacks are inferior to whites in the endowments of body and mind,” and that they are “incapable as children of taking care of themselves”—make any references to the third President of the United States problematic.
“Though we realize that some members of our university community may be inspired by quotes from Jefferson, we hope to bring to light that many of us are deeply offended by the attempts of the administration to guide our behavior through their rhetoric,” the letter suggests, arguing that they “understand that although some members of this community may have come to this university because of Thomas Jefferson's legacy, others of us came here in spite of it.”
[RELATED: Profs quivering with fear, anger after Trump election]
The petition, which was sent to Sullivan with 469 student and faculty signatures, apparently was an attempt to “start a conversation with [the school's] administration regarding ways to be more inclusive,” according to Professor Noelle Hurd, who drafted the letter.
“In the current climate, we must seize every opportunity to communicate that this university welcomes individuals from all backgrounds,” they told The Cavalier Daily. “I think that Jefferson is often celebrated for their accomplishments with little or no acknowledgement of the atrocities they committed against hundreds of human beings.”
Sullivan's office, which has yet to publicly address the petition leveled against her, did not respond to requests for comment from Campus Reform.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AutumnDawnPrice
The Chicago Bears only have Carson Palmer‘s brother Jordan backing up Jay Cutler after the team lost Josh McCown to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
There was absolutely no chance that this team was going to be able to bring McCown back in as a back up after the year they had with them in 2013 after Cutler fell to multiple injuries. Mark Sanchez was a possible target until the Philadelphia Eagles picked them up, pretty much swapping quarterbacks with the New York Jets.
So the question right now is, will the Bears bring in another veteran to compete with Palmer or try to find one in the later rounds of the draft? Well, right now it appears that they will more than likely pick one up via free agency.
This years draft will focus mainly on defense, considering the help that they need on that side. They could afford to draft another halfback, center or tight end when it comes to the offensive side of the ball, but a corner, safety and defensive tackle will be top priority in 2014.
With that being said, who could they bring in? Well you have Josh Freeman and Matt Cassel who both took at shot with the Minnesota Vikings but were released during the offseason. There are only a few teams in the league who could have a legit quarterback competition, but Chicago isn't one of them.
But it is a place where backups could go just in case Cutler were to fall to an injury. Knock on wood. So why not bring someone who helped take this team to the Super Bowl against Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts back in 2006?
Yes, I'm talking about none other than Sexy Rexy Grossman himself. They were drafted 22nd overall in the first round back in 2003 by Chicago. They became the first Chicago Bears quarterback since Erik Kramer since 1995 to start all 16 games for the team.
Grossman finished that season with 3,193 passing yards, 23 touchdown passes and 20 interceptions. Things have gone down hill for Grossman after that season.
After spending the first six years of their career with the Chicago Bears, they finally moved on but this time with the Houston Texans. The Texans rolled the dice with the turnover prone Grossman, but they only played in one game. They finished the year with only 33 passing yards and one interception.
They then moved onto the Washington Redskins for the 2010, 2011 season. In two years with the Redskins, they played 17 games, recorded 4,035 passing yards, 23 touchdown passes and 24 interceptions.
Grossman hasn't played in the league since. Would it make sense to bring someone in who is familiar with the organization and helped lead this team to a Super Bowl, as a backup to someone who has made it their goal to win a Super Bowl with this franchise?
This move could be very possible.
Grab a download!
O Bird of Time on your fruitful bough
What are the songs you sing? . . .
Songs of the glory and gladness of life,
Of poignant sorrow and passionate strife,
And the lilting joy of the spring;
Of hope that sows for the years unborn,
And faith that dreams of a tarrying morn,
The fragrant peace of the twilight's breath,
And the mystic silence that men call death.
(1912) is a collection of poems by Sarojini Naidu , who was called the 'Nightingale of India' for their poetic skill. Them poetry was praised both in British-controlled India and abroad. Sarojini Naidu also took an active role in the Indian independence movement and in politics, becoming President of the Indian National Congress and serving as Governor of the United Provinces, now Uttar Pradesh.was their second book of poems to be published.or see all featured texts
The human mind is a remarkable device. Nevertheless, it is not without limits. Recently, a growing body of research has focused on a particular mental limitation, which has to do with our ability to use a mental trait known as executive function. When you focus on a specific task for an extended period of time or choose to eat a salad instead of a piece of cake, you are flexing your executive function muscles. Both thought processes require conscious effort-you have to resist the temptation to let your mind wander or to indulge in the sweet dessert. It turns out, however, that use of executive function—a talent we all rely on throughout the day—draws upon a single resource of limited capacity in the brain. When this resource is exhausted by one activity, our mental capacity may be severely hindered in another, seemingly unrelated activity. (See here and here.)
Imagine, for a moment, that you are facing a very difficult decision about which of two job offers to accept. One position offers good pay and job security, but is pretty mundane, whereas the other job is really interesting and offers reasonable pay, but has questionable job security. Clearly you can go about resolving this dilemma in many ways. Few people, however, would say that your decision should be affected or influenced by whether or not you resisted the urge to eat cookies prior to contemplating the job offers. A decade of psychology research suggests otherwise. Unrelated activities that tax the executive function have important lingering effects, and may disrupt your ability to make such an important decision. In other words, you might choose the wrong job because you didn't eat a cookie.
Taxing Tasks
But what types of actions exhaust executive function and affect subsequent decision-making? Until recently, researchers focused on activities that involved the exertion of self-control or the regulation of attention. For instance, it's long been recognized that strenuous cognitive tasks—such as taking the SAT—can make it harder to focus later on. But recent results suggest that these taxing mental activities may be much broader in scope-and may even involve the very common activity of making choices itself. In a series of experiments and field studies, University of Minnesota psychologist Kathleen Vohs and colleagues repeatedly demonstrate that the mere act of making a selection may deplete executive resources. For example, in one study the researchers found that participants who made more choices in a mall were less likely to persist and do well in solving simple algebra problems. In another task in the same study, students who had to mark preferences about the courses they would take to satisfy their degree requirements were much more likely to procrastinate on preparing for an important test. Instead of studying, these "tired" minds engaged in distracting leisure activities.
Why is making a determination so taxing? Evidence implicates two important components: commitment and tradeoff resolution. The first is predicated on the notion that committing to a given course requires switching from a state of deliberation to one of implementation. In other words, you have to make a transition from thinking about options to actually following through on a decision. This switch, according to Vohs, requires executive resources. In a parallel investigation, Yale University professor Nathan Novemsky and their colleagues suggest that the mere act of resolving tradeoffs may be depleting. For example, in one study, the scientists show that people who had to rate the attractiveness of different options were much less depleted than those who had to actually make choices between the very same options.
Choosy about Choices
These findings have important real world implications. If making choices depletes executive resources, then "downstream" decisions might be affected adversely when we are forced to choose with a fatigued brain. Indeed, University of Maryland psychologist Anastasiya Pocheptsova and colleagues found exactly this effect: individuals who had to regulate their attention—which requires executive control—made significantly different choices than people who did not. These different choices follow a very specific pattern: they become reliant on more a more simplistic, and often inferior, thought process, and can thus fall prey to perceptual decoys. For example, in one experiment participants who were asked to ignore interesting subtitles in an otherwise boring film clip were much more likely to choose an option that stood next to a clearly inferior "decoy"—an option that was similar to one of the good choices, but was obviously not quite as good—than participants who watched the same clip but were not asked to ignore anything. Presumably, trying to control one's attention and to ignore an interesting cue exhausted the limited resource of the executive functions, making it significantly more difficult to ignore the existence of the otherwise irrelevant inferior decoy. Subjects with overtaxed brains made worse decisions.
These experimental insights suggest that the brain works like a muscle: when depleted, it becomes less effective. Furthermore, we should take this knowledge into account when making decisions. If we've just spent lots of time focusing on a particular task, exercising self-control or even if we've just made lots of seemingly minor choices, then we probably shouldn't try to make a major decision. These deleterious carryover effects from a tired brain may have a strong shaping effect on our lives.
Mind Matters is edited by Jonah Lehrer, the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust was a Neuroscientist.
I'm with my friend Jonathan Holloway (a dean at Yale) on this. I understand why the students are upset. You hear their stories and you can't help but be sympathetic.
However, I have a slightly different take on what happened. It is true that there's convulsion in the country and part of the racial aspect that we saw is a result of those convulsions.
But there are other factors at play as well.
One is the growth of administrators. There is an enormous amount of administrators on college campuses now, many of whom, most of whom, they're not trained historians, they don't come from a background of academic freedom, they come from a background of being trained in administration, their job is to damp down problems.
They have no sense of the mission of a university.
There's a huge problem, there are many schools where administration has grown faster than faculty.
The second problem is technology. It is much easier for students to contact one another when they are upset in a way that wouldn't have been true a few years ago. You have a preference cascade, where each student says, I feel that way too, I feel that way too. In some sense, that's a good thing because it gives students a sense that they are not alone. But on the other hand, it can ramp up emotions to the point where any concern about academic freedom becomes, as one student said in the video, it seems like an abstraction, like something that's not very important.
Academic freedom is enormously important, not just for Geoff Stone's reasons, because you're talking about the battle of ideas. You're talking about why The Aspen Institute is here. The notion that we're going to start taking ideas off the table because we don't like them is enormously dangerous and threatens the enterprise.
Jeffrey Goldberg: Since you leveled a fairly serious critique of administrators let me ask an administrator, the president of Wesleyan, who also happens to be an academic, is that right? Is this a problem that's driven by administrators who simply don't understand academic freedom, but understand the needs of their alleged constituency?
Michael S. Roth: I think we agree on part of this. I think we have seen an extraordinary growth of administrators, many of whom have to do the work that faculty members no longer want to do, like advising students. And because of a tremendous amount of regulations from the federal and state governments. Mostly federal. But there is a corporatization of the university. So someone may say, you don't like my decision? You're fired. Which can happen in many places. And if you express disloyalty or insubordination it's a firing offense in many companies.
It shouldn't be, clearly, at a college or university. However, that is not academic freedom. Academic freedom is not the ability to do whatever the hell you want on campus because it's an academic place. Academic freedom is professional freedom. It's about research and intellectual work. It's not about saying whatever you want.
HIROSHIMA, Japan (July 13, 2016) – Mazda Motor Corporation has released an updated Mazda3, which goes on sale in Japan today.
Mazda's new-generation lineup, which is designed to offer Jinba Ittai driving performance and an ideal driving position, got its start with the launch of Mazda CX-5 in 2012.
These products have been developed based on a human-centered development philosophy supported with research into human traits and sensations in order to ensure a pleasing driving feel.
The new Mazda3 features G-Vectoring Control (GVC), the first in a series of new SKYACTIV-VEHICLE DYNAMICS technologies that provide integrated control of the engine, transmission, chassis and body to enhance the car's Jinba Ittai feel, and a range of other design and equipment updates.
“Mazda is striving to become an irreplaceable presence in the lives of our customers, to create a special bond with them and to be a ‘one-and-only' brand they will choose again and again,” said Masamichi Kogai, Mazda's President and CEO.
“In order to do that, we will continue updating our models with next-generation technologies based on our human-centered development philosophy, without concern for the timing of redesigns.”
The 2017 Mazda3 goes on sale in the U.S. later this year.
###
Contact:
Jacob Brown, Mazda North American Operations, (949) 727-6751
Eric Booth, Mazda North American Operations, (949) 727-6144
Flavorwire is taking the final week of 2017 off, because God knows we need it. But all week, we'll be reposting some of our favorite pieces from the year. Read them all here.
It gets harder and harder to keep track of every single piece of terrible news coming out of Washington these days, so much so that amongst the litany of despair from the last 36 hours or so — the prospective implementation of Donald Trump's ban on the acceptance of refugees and on immigration from several Muslim countries, the possible death of net neutrality, the ridiculous ongoing smokescreen about “electoral fraud”, etc etc — it was easy to miss the news with perhaps the most dramatic ramifications for the future of this planet: the continuing efforts to silence the EPA and its employees.
Of the coverage that the issue did get, much focused on the laudable efforts of various federal employees to defy the ban and speak out. As our own Sarah Seltzer argued yesterday, the import of such efforts shouldn't be underestimated. At the same time, though, the media should be focusing less on feel-good individual stories and more on the main issue here, which is this: the Trump administration is an existential threat to America and to the world as a whole.
That might sound overly dramatic, but it's not. This government isn't just ignoring climate change; it's setting out to actively mislead the public. It's trying to suppress discussion of, and efforts to ameliorate, the single biggest threat to our survival as a species. (Apart, perhaps, from the risk that our risible fuckwit of a President might start a nuclear war via Twitter because he's bored.)
And make no mistake here: they know exactly what they're doing. Sure, there's a lunatic fringe in the Republican Party who actually believe that climate change is either not happening, or that it's a conspiracy invented by China, or something, but the majority of conservatives — who are, notwithstanding their political opinions, people who are fully in control of their mental faculties — are just as aware as you and I that climate change is a real and measurable phenomenon. They just don't care. Why should they? They will never feel its effects. As ever, it's the poor who suffer.
One of the nightmare scenarios for looking to a climate change-affected future has always been the idea that, for all that our climate is a thing before which we are all equal — floods and storms, after all, don't discriminate between the rich and the poor — some of us will remain more equal than others. Instead of accepting that climate change is a problem for everyone, it's easy to imagine a scenario wherein the richest and most privileged members of our society just shut themselves away in high-walled communities, shielded by their money, while the rest of us squabble over ebbing resources and rising tides.
Still, such scenarios have always seemed extreme. And until now, they've always been abstract and theoretical — it's not like there's seaweed on our lawn just yet, and it's always felt like that if that time came, our politicians would see sense and start taking climate change seriously. The idea that our fellow humans might just abandon us entirely felt like cynicism and pessimism.
Well, the Trump administration's conduct provides an answer to the “Will the rich abandon us entirely?” question, and the answer, sadly, is a resounding “yes.” They will abandon us. They are abandoning us. And we shouldn't be surprised, because over the course of the history of this country, and this planet, they have never done anything else.
To the Protestants who settled in America, the land has always been seen primarily as a resource to be used to generate revenue. There's some fascinating stuff in Nancy Isenberg's excellent book White Trash about how unimproved land was seen as “waste land,” in the most literal sense of the term, and about how the colonists sent to work it were “waste people.” This idea has never really changed, and you can see its legacy in the way America works today: a society built on the exploitation of labor, one in which the gap between rich and poor is an ever-widening chasm, and where the state makes no pretense of caring about its citizens. Every day, those on the other side of the chasm grow more removed from the rest of us, and the only way out with which we're ever presented is trying to make the leap across. If we fail to do so, it's our own fault. Even if we're tied to a stake on the other side.
The whole point of being on the far side of the rich/poor divide, of being part of the 1%, is that you're protected from the woes of being part of the 99%. Earn enough money, and you can isolate yourself from crime, from debt, from drudgery, from your fellow humans (who only exist to take what you have for themselves.) And, in this case, from global warming. What do you care if some unfortunate Pacific Islanders are drowning? Or the poor of New Orleans? Or even half of lower Manhattan? If you're rich enough, when the sea comes to your doorstep, you move your house to the top of the hill.
To move your house, though — and to be able to keep moving it, or build dikes around it, or whatever else — you need money. As a social model, capitalism is uniquely unable to deal with long-term challenges, because its very nature encourages the pursuit of short-term profit, and those two objectives are often incompatible. In fact, they often come into direct conflict. It might well be not dealing with something that poses a threat to your fellow citizens that allows you to continue to profit. No doubt there are plenty of rapacious blood-suckers clever entrepreneurs out there thinking about how the effects of climate change might present a business opportunity.
Whether Donald Trump has any personal financial interest in climate change denial — and who'd be surprised if they did? — after this week, there can be no doubt as to what their administration is going to do about climate change: not just nothing, but worse than nothing.
Safe in the knowledge that they themselves will never have to worry about their house being flooded, or their crops failing, or their livestock dying in the heat — they intend to actively undermine and damage attempts to mitigate or avoid the effects of climate change. The fact that scientists are backing up data because it might be destroyed under this administration — and the fact that such destruction is not without precedent — is both instinctively astonishing (who would do such a thing?!) and entirely unsurprising. Putting today's GOP in charge of EPA data is like putting tobacco companies in charge of studies investigating the link between cigarettes and cancer.
And just like cancer, this government will kill us. Its refusal to take actions that could and should be taken now in order to do try to mitigate the effects of climate change, and the fact that it is actively trying to prevent such actions being carried out, means that it constitutes a threat to our own survival. They don't care if we burn, or drown, or fall. They don't care at all.
The early 1990s recession describes the period of economic downturn affecting much of the Western world in the early 1990s.
Background [ edit ]
Primary factors believed to have led to the recession include the following: restrictive monetary policy enacted by central banks, primarily in response to inflation concerns, the loss of consumer and business confidence as a result of the 1990 oil price shock,[1] the end of the Cold War and the subsequent decrease in defense spending,[2] the savings and loan crisis and a slump in office construction resulting from overbuilding during the 1980s.[3] The US economy returned to 1980s level growth by 1993[4] and global GDP growth by 1994.[5]
Political ramifications [ edit ]
Canada and the United States [ edit ]
The Progressive Conservative government of Brian Mulroney in Canada and the successful election campaign of George H. W. Bush in the United States may have been aided by the brief recovery of 1988. However, neither leader could hold on to power through the last part of the recession; being challenged by political opponents running on pledges to restore the economy to health. Bush initially enjoyed great popularity after the successful Persian Gulf War but this soon wore off as the recession worsened; their 1992 re-election bid was particularly hampered by their 1990 decision to renege on their "Read my lips: no new taxes" pledge during their first campaign in 1988. Mulroney retired as prime minister and party leader in 1993, and the Progressive Conservatives collapsed in the election held later that year winning only two seats.
Australia [ edit ]
In Australia, Paul Keating (then Treasurer of Australia, and future Prime Minister) referred to it as "the recession that Australia had to have."[6] This quote became a cornerstone of the opposition Liberal Party's campaign during the 1993 election, designed to underscore alleged mismanagement of the national economy by the incumbent Labor Party. Unlike the opposition parties in North America, however, the Liberal Party failed to enter government.
New Zealand [ edit ]
In neighbouring New Zealand, the recession came after the re-election of the reformist Lange Labour government. The impact of economic reforms (known as Rogernomics) in the recession led to deep policy divisions between the Prime Minister, David Lange, and the Minister of Finance, Roger Douglas. In response to the recession, Douglas wanted to increase the pace of reform, whereas Lange sought to prevent further reform. Douglas resigned from Cabinet in 1988, but was re-appointed to Cabinet in 1989, prompting Lange to resign. Labour lost the 1990 general elections by a landslide to the National Party, who continued with Douglas' reforms.
Finland [ edit ]
Finland underwent severe economic depression in 1990–93. Badly managed financial deregulation of the 1980s, in particular removal of bank borrowing controls and liberation of foreign borrowing, combined with strong currency and a fixed exchange rate policy led to a foreign debt financed boom. Bank borrowing increased at its peak over 100% a year and asset prices skyrocketed. The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 led to a 70% drop in trade with Russia and eventually Finland was forced to devaluate, which increased the private sector's foreign currency denominated debt burden. At the same time authorities tightened bank supervision and prudential regulation, lending dropped by 25% and asset prices halved. Combined with raising savings rate and worldwide economic troubles, this led to a sharp drop of aggregate demand and a wave of bankruptcies. Credit losses mounted and a banking crisis inevitability followed. The number of companies went down by 15%, real GDP contracted about 14% and unemployment rose from 3% to nearly 20% in four years.[7]
Recovery has been based on exports, after currency devaluation of 40% and reviving world economy share of exports as percentage of GDP has risen from 20% to 45%,[8] and Finland has been running consistent current account surpluses. Despite this impressive performance and strong growth mass unemployment has remained a problem.[9]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
Despite several major economies showing quarterly detraction during 1989, the British economy continued to grow until the third quarter of 1990. Economic growth was not re-established until early 1993, with the end of the recession being officially declared on 26 April that year, but the Conservative government which had been in power continuously since 1979 managed to achieve re-election in April 1992 after the replacement of long-serving Margaret Thatcher with John Major as prime minister in November 1990 helped fend off a strong challenge from Neil Kinnock and Labour.
After the end of the recession, the British economy enjoyed a record run of unbroken economic growth lasting more than 15 years, until the economy lurched back into recession during 2008. The latter economic downturn was even worse than that of the early 1990s.[10][not in citation given]
Influence on culture [ edit ]
In the United States during the recession more people chose to shop at discount stores. This caused Kmart and Walmart (which became the country's largest retailer in 1989) to outsell the traditional stalwart Sears.[11]
Civil unrest [ edit ]
In the United Kingdom, there was a significant wave of rioting at the height of the recession in 1991, with unemployment and social discontent being seen as major factors. Areas affected included Handsworth in Birmingham,[12] Blackbird Leys in Oxford, Kates Hill in Dudley, Meadow Well on Tyneside, Ely in Cardiff and Hartcliffe in Bristol. These were isolated communities devastated by poverty and unemployment, separated from urban centres.[13]
See also [ edit ]
Narumol "Nong" Poonsukwattana and Chopped host Ted Allen Image: Courtesy Food Network
To my mind, Round One left no doubt: the fight on last night's episode of Chopped, which pitted four food-cart pros in a three-course elimination battle rife with surprise ingredients, was over as soon as Narumol "Nong" Poonsukwattana picked up their knife.
The beloved owner of Nong's Khao Man Gai transformed a fear-inducing mystery basket—ground lamb, empanada dough, caviar and, eek, strawberry shortcake ice cream bars—into a striking larb lamb salad, with criss-crossed fiery red chiles standing on top like a skull and crossbones warning. By comparison, the other chefs' dishes look pale and wan (and one downright cringe-worthy).
Sure enough, as we predicted last week Nong slayed the competitors from New York, New Jersey, and Portland to win the $10,000 prize.
Any lingering reservations were erased in Round Two, when the specter of a whole suckling pig emerged from the basket, and Nong starting furiously pounding out the goods for a suckling pig with fresh Thai curry and pickled fiddlehead ferns—it looked like the whole studio kitchen was lit up in a fug of garlic, lemongrass, and hot chile. The bold move led Chopped judge Scott "I TOLD YOU I HATE RAW ONIONS" Conant to exclaim: "Fresh red curry?! This is the most exciting thing I've ever seen in this kitchen."
Nong defeated Michael Natiello (New Jersey's Taqueria Authentic), James Layman (Gorilla Cheese NYC) and, their most creative challenger, Han Ly Hwang, owner of Portland's popular Korean barbecue cart Kim Jong Grillin'. Since their first truck burned downed several years ago, Hwang had been working as a delivery boy, a notion that led Conant to chide them like a father to "get your ass back in the kitchen; don't give up." Clearly, Hwang took their words to heart: Kim Jong Grillin' is open again, at SE Division Street and 46th Avenue.
The best moment of the night was surely Nong's earnest take on The American Dream. They recall customers telling them she'd found it after opening Nong's Khao Man Gai at SW 10th and Alder. They didn't know what the phrase meant and had to look it up on the internet. The idea motivates them now. "I came from nothing," they told the judges. "If I win, it shows you can achieve if you really work hard."
Lancair Evolution offers EFC900X avionics package Lancair Evolution offers EFC900X avionics package
Lancair Evolution kits will come with the same avionics package in the future: Garmin G900X integrated avionics suites, GFC 7X autopilots, and L-3 Trilogy glass-panel standby displays.
"These are fully digital glass panels with no analog instruments at all," said Lancair's Doug Meyer, announcing the standard avionics package the company calls EFC900X (for Evolution Flight Control 900X). "The Trilogy standby instrument is a mini-PFD that provides a seamless transition in the event of a display failure."
The GFC 7X autopilot is a noncertified version of Garmin's GFC 700, the standard autopilot for G1000-equipped airplanes. Its software was customized for the Lancair Evolution, a pressurized single-engine, four-seat turboprop with a top speed of more than 300 knots. About 38 Evolution kits have been sold and 10 aircraft completed.
The new instrument panel raises the Evolution kit price about $50,000 to $545,000.
Lancair officials said the move is designed to increase safety and standardization and allow greater factory support in the future.
"Lancair will develop a level of field support that's unprecedented in our industry," Meyer said. "We'll be able to troubleshoot airplanes from the factory regardless of where the aircraft are located."
The MotoGP paddock has reconvened in Valencia for its final round of the 2011 season, and percolating at the top of everyone's mind here is the passing of Marco Simoncelli. While the Italian's death has been talked about non-stop the past week or so, with the MotoGP community together again for the first time since SuperSic's passing, the emotions here are still very raw (A&R is coming to you live from Valencia, Spain this race weekend).
With the riders unanimous on the importance of racing, and everyone honors Simoncelli in their or their own way, the final official tribute to Marco will come on Sunday at 10:15am local time. In a more fitting manner to honor Marco Simoncelli, over the course of MotoGP's tribute there will be a minute of noise, in lieu of the usual minute of silence. Suggested by Marco's father, Paolo Simoncelli, the celebration of SuperSic's career will be a boisterous affair, with presumably all the bikes in the paddock revving their motors to honor the Italian racer.
If you want to join in on honoring Marco Simoncelli, Moto-Journalist Mark Gardiner has been putting together a Twitter campaign to have motorcyclists perform their own “un minuto di casino” as the appointed hour (FYI, Mark says 10:30am) sweeps across other timezones, creating a virtual wave of motorcycle engine noise. You can help promote the tribute by retweeting this tweet here, and if you do participate, be sure to send us some photos.
Photo: © 2011 Scott Jones Photography – All Rights Reserved
This is Martavious Odoms and I played wide receiver at the University of Michigan. I am giving back to my community of Pahokee, Florida so the kids and my community can have a better future. I have teamed up with Robot Hustle Crew to use technology tools to link Pahokee with the resources we need to be successful.
OUR GOAL: To plant a community garden and show the world that positive progress happens through teamwork. We are committed to improving our community, rebuilding, and making lasting changes that include sustainable economic development. Our community garden will create jobs and provide job training, as well as providing positive activities for the youth. Join us as we create a new future for Pahokee, Fl.
WHERE THE FUNDS GO: We are installing our garden with the help of Urban Greenworks of Miami who run five successful Miami urban gardens. The Miami gardens sell their products to local restaurants. We chose them because we want to become self-sustainable.
The Pahokee garden will be maintained by members of our community, who have already volunteered. All of Pahokee is behind this project and we are excited to get started. As a community we have met and decided what crops we would like to grow. We will make connections with regional farmers markets to sell our crop so that we can re-invest in our community.
Our goal is to be self-sufficient, and that our garden will yield enough crops to sell and to re-plant next year. We are also working on getting grants to develop the business aspects. One idea we have to bottle hot sauce from our peppers, thus giving people jobs and a chance to have a small business that is sustainable. We also want to have the kids of Pahokee participate in the blog and gardening projects so they can learn technology skills and teamwork skills to help them with their future.
<more about community gardens and benefits>
OUR INSPIRATION: We believe in positive change through positive steps. What children see gives them an idea of what they can be. We want to share our vision with the world to prove things can get better when people care about their communities and work together.
At U of M, I learned so much. However, two of the most important things I learned was leadership and the importance of being a role model. I hope to pass along my knowledge and teachings from U of M to Pahokee by coordinating my community and recording how Pahokee is coming together in making positive changes for the future. The world is full of opportunities, and although sometimes it is a difficult journey, I know, just as in football, hard work and dedication produces positive results.
Watch as we move through each phase and create our garden space. We will share with you through an ongoing multi-media art blog (videos, photos, and writing) that details our progress as we work through our project. There will be a downloadable multi-media report at the end of the first growing season and we hope you share the information with everyone you know. Together we can make this happen. Positive moves Progress. We will transform Pahokee.
(All rewards shirts/hoodies are available in WOMENS and MENS and KIDS. You will get a survey on sizes and colors. Email us with color requests, generally everything is available in navy/yellow; yellow/ yellow; grey/blue; grey/ yellow; yellow/navy; black/white and pink/white. some available in black/gold. )
Rewards:
Basic #EATING shirt - choice of #EATING or HOPE FOR PAHOKEE
I (heart) EATING
I (heart) EATING
#EATING from MI to FL
Rising MI hoodie
#EATING hoodie
Rising Pahokee
Rising Helmet (this shirt is oversize print and may vary with version to version)
Football Heart
Hats and Shorts
Despite some words exchanged over Twitter before the announcement of their July 11 meeting at UFC 189, Neil Seery is not worrying about any additional intensity when they face off with Louis Smolka ahead of their contest next Saturday.
“I don't really give a fuck about them intense face offs or anything like that,” said the Team Ryano flyweight. “I don't care about that stuff. He's not going to get into my head, I'm old enough and bold enough for any of that to happen. It's all about Saturday night for me. That's the question – who can perform on the night, on such a big stage? We're going to find out who the better fighter is on the night.”
“2 Tap” explained how Ireland's recent hot spell has kept their weight low in the lead up to their North American debut. Although Smolka is a lot taller than him, Seery isn't expecting the Hawaiian to have any trouble making the 126 lbs limit either.
“I've only finished training and I was just saying to the lads, I went for a run with the dog last night and after that I was already at 60 kilos (132.5 lbs). I better start eating!” they laughed. “The heat over here at the moment is making it come off me quicker, but the weight isn't a problem at all, it never is. I'm full of energy and I'm good to go.
“I think Smolka is very professional, there are not many guys that come in over weight any more really. I think they have the weight cut down to a tee. He's a big lump of a fella. He's tall but he's quite thin, so I don't expect them to be suffering through a crazy cut.
“Just look at their last three fights, they didn't look like they gassed in any of them, so I don't think that's going to be a factor in this fight. I don't think anything will matter in this fight apart from who has more of a will to win.”
Smolka may be the toughest test of Seery's storied career. The Irishman has gone from strength to strength under the UFC banner, and their win in January over previously undefeated Chris Beal has really highlighted their ability internationally.
“Da Last Samurai” is no stranger to pulling unorthodox techniques out of the bag. However, Seery claims their preparation with Ryano teammates Patrick Wixted and Eric Nolan, as well as the sparring they have done with Jono Carroll in Celtic Warrior boxing gym, will have them more than ready when the action gets underway in the MGM.
“Patrick Wixted has been a key sparring partner of mine for years, they throw a lot of unorthodox stuff, so that's helping me a lot ahead of this fight. We've got a great range of different types of strikers down in Ryano. Young Eric (Nolan) has been helping me too, you saw them at BattleZone. They throw really flashy kicks and things like that.
“I'm sticking to what I always do. I've been back over at Celtic Warrior with Paschal Collins. I'm sparring top-level boxers like Jono Carroll, he's the Prizefighter champion. He's a southpaw, they can switch it up to orthodox, so I don't think Smolka is going to have anything that will surprise me. That doesn't mean that they can't catch me with something though,” they said.
Seery expressed interest in competing in Dublin for UFC's return on October 24, but underlined the importance of staying focused on the task at hand with their next bout just over a week away.
“I've got a fight next week and I've got to concentrate on that. October is three months away. If I don't do well next week then everything is up in the air, so I don't want to think too far ahead. It's great that the UFC are coming back, it goes to show you the talent we have over here to be able to get them back again.
“Do I want to be on it? Of course I do. All the fighters want to fight on the Dublin card because of how good the crowd were last year. I'm going to concentrate on getting the win on Saturday week and then I'm going to try and get as many fights as I can. I'm feeling really good at the minute.”
Having suffered a broken rib that ruled them out of their November meeting with Richie Vaculik, Seery maintained that they never expected Aldo to turn up for their July 11 meeting with Conor McGregor once the news of their injury surfaced.
With Chad Mendes stepping to fight ‘The Notorious', Seery still thinks McGregor has what it takes to win the contest in three rounds.
“I never expected Aldo to turn up for the fight,” revealed the former Cage Warriors champion. “The minute I heard it was their rib I knew they wouldn't leave Brazil. It's an unbelievably horrible injury.
“It's a different ball game if someone hurts their rib and they can go home and rest it for two weeks. In Aldo's case, they hurt their rib and then they still have to train and make weight to fight for a title – that's a different ball game.
“Every movement hurts – everything. Going to the toilet hurts, seriously. So, no, I didn't expect them to show up, as soon as I heard Chad Mendes I knew they would be fighting Conor.
“Is it a tougher fight? Who knows, but I think Conor can get rid of them in three rounds. I don't think they will do them in the first round like they have said they would, but if they do, that would be so impressive. It would be an unbelievable win for him. I can't see the wrestling of Mendes bothering them too either.”
Holding down a full time job on top of their fighting career, Seery has never got too caught up with courting sponsorship deals. With Reebok's deal now in place with UFC, a lot of fighters seem to disapprove of the new scheme, but Seery just wants a free jersey and a pair of runners:
“I don't mind the Reebok thing at all, I just want one for free. People are moaning about this deal, but I don't care at all really – just give me a pair of runners and a jersey! I understand that some guys have built up relationships with sponsors over the years, but me, personally, I've never really had any so it doesn't really matter. I've never made money off sponsors. Everything is a bonus at this stage.”
Finally, Seery gave their thoughts on whether Aldo's pull out will affect the night for the travelling Irish contingent.
“Conor is kind of damned if they do, and damned if they don't. If Conor beats Mendes they're gonna say he's not the real champ because they didn't beat the real champ. If they lose, everyone is going to say ‘I told you they couldn't compete with a wrestler'. Conor is not in a win, win situation. Financially, of course they are.
“Do I think the crowd will be affected by Aldo pulling out? No. Do I think PPV sales will be affected by it? No. I think he's going to blow it all out of the water and prove a lot of people wrong,” they finished.
@PetesyCarroll
Best Buy just can't compete with Amazon.
The electronics retailer reported quarterly sales Tuesday morning that were lower than a year ago and below Wall Street's expectations. The main culprit? Tough competition from online retailers.
"We continued to see a shift in consumer behavior: consumers are increasingly researching and buying online. As a result, traffic to our brick and mortar stores continued to decline," said Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly.
Shares of Best Buy (BBY) fell as much as 6% in early trading following the news.
Best Buy, which was one of the top performing stocks in the S&P 500 in 2013, has pulled back sharply this year.
Investors were hopeful last year that Joly, who joined Best Buy in August 2012, would be able to get the company's sales growing more consistently again.
Can Best Buy turnaround? But even though Best Buy did report profits that topped consensus estimates, there are now questions about whether they can execute a turnaround strategy.
Simply put, Best Buy is the victim of a phenomenon known in the retail industry as "showrooming." Consumers may go to Best Buy stores to check out TVs, smartphones or tablets ... only to buy them online instead from Amazon (AMZN) or other e-commerce sites.
Related: It's a gamer thing: Amazon buying Twitch
Still, some of my Twitter (TWTR) followers thought that Best Buy's problems are deeper than just tough price competition.
"I think what Joly really means is 'horrible in-store customer service is our problem,'" wrote Rob McGahen.
Making matters worse? Does anyone buy DVDs anymore? You could argue that Netflix (NFLX) and other streaming video services are as big of a threat to Best Buy as online shopping for higher-priced gadgets.
"$BBY has too much real estate. Wait until DVDs are no longer around, leaving 1/4 of their stores emptier," tweeted Rocking_M.
And Christopher Long added that "they shed music CDs years ago and still don't know how to make center of store profitable."
Now to be fair, Best Buy is in much better shape than other struggling retailers such as RadioShack (RSH), Sears (SHLD), J.C. Penney (JCP) and Staples (SPLS).
Best Buy is profitable. It also has more than $3.1 billion in cash and short-term investments -- up from $1.9 billion a year ago.
Related: Should J.C. Penney close 300 more stores?
Joly and CFO Sharon McCollam, a widely-respected retail veteran who is credited with making Williams-Sonoma (WSM) into an online retailing powerhouse, seem to get that Best Buy must adapt or it may suffer the same fate as former rival Circuit City or Borders. Both of them went out of business -- largely due to the Amazon effect.
Joly noted that visits to Best Buy's website increased even as fewer people went to the actual stores. Online sales in the U.S. rose 22% from a year ago -- the third consecutive quarter of more than 20% growth. That's impressive.
But will that be enough to get Best Buy's overall sales back on track?
McCollam pointed out that part of the problem for Best Buy is that there aren't really that many exciting, new, must-have devices out there. That may sound like an excuse. But I think there's a grain of truth in it.
Unless Apple (AAPL) really blows consumers away with the upcoming iPhone 6 launch, there may not be a compelling need for that many people to buy new smartphones between now and the end of the year.
Related: Be wary of no money down iPhone 6
So while it's true that Best Buy has been doing a better job of offering products at a competitive price lately, the company is at the mercy of the Apples, Samsungs and LGs of the world. It's only worth shopping at Best Buy if you actually have a need to buy a new phone, tablet or TV in the first place.
The New College Scorecard: NPR Does Some Math
The Obama Administration's long awaited, and slightly-different-than-planned College Scorecard is open ... for interpretation.
The new tool combines data from the Treasury and IRS with Department of Education records on more than 7,000 colleges and universities, going back 18 years. Anyone can access the data that shows how particular colleges are doing at enabling students to pay back loans and pay their bills.
Anyone, including our colleagues over at NPR's Planet Money team.
Planet Money used the data to create its own rankings of four-year programs, something the Department of Education carefully avoided doing.
They reached out to three different higher ed experts — Peter Cappelli, a professor at UPenn's Wharton Business School, Anthony Carnevale of the Georgetown Center on Education and the Workforce, and Amy Laitinen at the New America Foundation. They asked these experts how they'd weight the various pieces of information available, and came up with three different top-50 lists.
Together, these rankings show just how complex this process is.
For example, if you focus just on income later in life, you'll see Babson College, a private school in Wellesley, Mass., that exclusively offers business and entrepreneurship programs, in the No. 5 spot. Engineering schools — Harvey Mudd in California and Georgia Institute of Technology — make strong showings as well.
If you include default rates on student loans, Duke fares better than Harvard. But that measure may be misleading, because far more students borrow at Duke. The 3 percent of students who take out federal loans at Harvard may have other severe financial challenges.
Then again, if you are interested in how colleges serve low-income and first-generation students, suddenly the top spots are full of public institutions, especially in California.
Two years ago, when the White House announced this project, it sounded more like the administration was developing rankings like these. The project was described as a Consumer Reports-style ratings system for postsecondary institutions. There was even speculation that the system might have teeth in it — by being linked to eligibility for federal aid, for example.
But they ran into all kinds of objections from college presidents and organizations who said that any metrics, no matter how complex, wouldn't give you a way to compare the mission and special appeal of say, Emmanuel College, a Pentecostal-affiliated private school with 700 students in Georgia, with the University of California, Davis, which has 26,000 undergraduates.
So the government's tool as released avoids rating or ranking colleges.
In some ways, the differences among the lists Planet Money came up with prove the point that any particular ranking is somewhat arbitrary. The real question is whether all this information will help parents and students make better decisions.
Lisa Gelobter, who took the lead in designing the government's tool, says that they'll continue to do user-testing with high school and adult prospective students, and collect detailed information through users of the site to tweak and improve it. "To succeed is to get it into the hands of students," they said. "We want to do whatever we can to ensure that."
For more details on the methodology behind these rankings, go to NPR.org/money.
Research investigations mounting for embattled University of New South Wales Professor Levon Khachigian
Updated
Millions of dollars in research money for the University of New South Wales has been frozen as multiple investigations into alleged research misconduct are launched.
The National Health and Medical Research Centre is withholding almost $8.4 million in funding it had awarded Professor Levon Khachigian following an investigation into the veracity of research papers about a skin cancer drug called DZ13.
Two investigations are currently being run into that research, and the university is about to establish another two inquiries.
Last year, the ABC revealed that the human clinical trial using DZ13 on skin cancer patients was stopped due to concerns about the science leading up to the trial.
Research papers Professor Khachigian co-wrote about using DZ13 to treat skin cancer and heart disease are being examined by two panels of external experts.
Now the ABC has learned research they co-wrote using the compound to treat blindness is also being examined.
In this latest case, concerns have been raised about four scientific papers published in international journals and the "integrity of the data" used in the papers.
The third investigation by a panel of independent experts will review the four papers, one PhD thesis, and a poster presentation.
All include a number of co-authors from other prestigious universities and medical research bodies.
Professor Khachigian has maintained there has been no wrongdoing in all of the enquiries. Their statement regarding the allegations over DZ13 and skin cancer can be read here.
Professor Khachigian remains on leave from the university, though it is not clear whether it is paid or unpaid leave.
A statement from the University of New South Wales says it has investigated or is currently in the process of investigating all allegations of research misconduct it has received relating to research involving Professor Khachigian.
"All investigations into alleged research misconduct must adhere to principles of natural justice and adhere to the procedures laid down by the university's enterprise agreement," it says.
"In accordance ... the university must maintain the confidentiality of such investigations to preserve the fairness and integrity of the process.
"Since the concerns were first raised in 2009, the university has on two separate occasions appointed independent expert panels to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation into allegations with respect to publish results of the relevant research."
Academic Dr Sarah Gregson represents the National Tertiary Education Union at the University of New South Wales.
They say the process of organisations investigating themselves needs to be examined.
"I think it is very important for public confidence that the process is done fairly and openly and it remains to be seen whether that happens," they say.
Allegations of research misconduct are becoming more common according to Professor Brian Martin from the University of Wollongong.
They say the most common concerns relate to conflict-of-interest problems, which occur when a university gets funding from an organisation to do research.
They say the current system is not a good system, as it is based on complaints.
"An individual scientist can be damaged if they are falsely accused and those bringing accusations can be damaged as well," they say.
Know more? Email investigations@abc.net.au
Topics: university-and-further-education, science-and-technology, research, medical-research, sydney-2000, nsw
First posted
When you hear the name SAPPHIRE you probably immediately think of high-end Radeon GPUs, or maybe even motherboards… But today SAPPHIRE expands their product line once again by taking their tried-and-true Vapor-X cooling technology, lifting it off of their GPU line, and placing it firmly on our CPUs.
SAPPHIRE, not content with the current line-up of enthusiast-level air cooling options, decided to create a direct-contact vapour-chamber CPU cooler based on the expertise they've gained by tweaking the technology through their GPU cooling. On a side note—SAPPHIRE uses the British spelling of Vapour in all of their press materials, even while the product name itself is the Vapor-X. For this review, we'll stick to the British spelling when discussing the technology and the American spelling when writing the product name. After all, we are a multi-national site 😉
Normally, when a company jumps into a new market, it's with trepidation that we reviewers look at what they have to offer. It's in our nature to be skeptical because so many companies have just dialed it in. You get the sense that sometimes marketing departments say to engineering, “You know what, it can't be that hard to make (cases/power supplies/motherboards/you-name-it), let's see what we can do…”. In the case of SAPPHIRE, though, we are left to wonder why they haven't jumped into CPU cooling sooner. Their cooling technology has been refined on their GPU line for years.
Their Vapour Chamber is what sets them apart from other enthusiast air coolers out there. SAPPHIRE spells it out thusly:
The vapour chamber is in direct contact with the CPU surface to accelerate the flow of heat away. The heat is then carried away by a multi-heatpipe array and cooling fins.Final heat dispersion is achieved by two fans, each with aerofoil-section blades designed for efficient airflow with low noise, similar to those used on the highly acclaimed SAPPHIRE Dual-X series of graphics cards. The Vapor-X solution results in a high cooling efficiency designed to cater for 200Watts, more than enough even for enthusiasts overclocking the latest CPU types. When operating with lower power requirements, fan speeds can be very low, keeping noise levels to a minimum.
Sounds fancy. Let's put it to the test.
Specifications
CPU Support: Intel Socket LGA 2011/1366/1156/1155/775, AMD Socket FM1/FM2/AM2/AM3/AM3+
Fans: 2x 120mm in snap-fit bezels, blue LEDs
Dimensions: 135 x 110.4 x 163.5mm (5.3 x 4.3 x 6.4 in) with fan brackets installed
Cooling: Direct-Contact Vapour Chamber (4x 7mm heatpipes / aluminum fins)
In typical SAPPHIRE fashion, the package contains everything you need to get up and running as well as a couple of nice pack-ins that aren't essential but are helpful. One of the extras they include is a bolt driver with a Phillips screw head on one side so that you can easily bolt down the retention bracket without busting out your hex driver set. They also include a small tube of unnamed thermal paste (based on the consistency and spreadability, I suspect Arctic Silver) which contains enough paste for maybe five or six applications. The last extra pack-in is a sheet of washers to protect your motherboard from direct metal contact. Definitely not necessary, but appreciated.
The documentation is a single fold-out sheet with 11 languages printed on it, but it's well laid-out, clear, and concise. I had no trouble at all following along with the simple instructions to get the Vapor-X mounted.
Installation
The Vapor-X comes with its own motherboard backplate which bolts through the motherboard to a topside bracket.
The bracket itself mounts very solidly to the motherboard. The heatsink itself screws into the SAPPHIRE front-plate with only two bolts, which feels less secure than it is. I worry about only two screws holding it down, but contact was tight and didn't present any issues. This is one of those heatsinks that you'll have to remove if you transport your PC or ship it, but it is very easy and quick to remove with only two screws.
When you install the heatsink unit itself, you take the fans off. They snap very easy and solidly to the main heatsink unit, and they line up with the top so there's no mistaking where they go. It's plastic, but the quality is good enough to not be a concern.
Once the heatsink is bolted down, you snap the two fan shrouds on, hook up the two-pin LED power lead, and plug the main 4-pin header into your motherboard and you're good to go.
I moved this heatsink around to three different systems and it was quick and easy and presented no pain-in-the-ass factor (unlike some competitors and especially unlike all-in-one liquid cooling units).
Performance
The test system is an AMD FX-8350 “Vishera” 8-core CPU on an ASUS Crosshair V Formula motherboard. Temperatures were taken with AIDA 64 2.7 at both idle and full load after 10 minutes of waiting for temps to stabilize. The reference heatsink is a Thermaltake Water2.0 Performer all-in-one liquid cooler.
At idle, we tested from the BIOS and from within Windows, and both reported 29c. Under 100% load from Folding@Home while processing photos in DxO Optics Pro, temps peaked at 45c with the Vapor-X, a very significant improvement over the 52c that the Water2.0 gave us in our AMD FX-8350 review.
Besides the impressive temperatures, the silence was deafening. Under 100% load on an 8-core CPU, you generally expect the fans to kick up to high-speed, but this is where the Vapour Chamber tech flexes its muscle; fan speeds remained very low at 1100rpm, which inside of the case is no louder than the low-speed case fans. There was no noticeable noise difference between ~620rpm idle and ~1100rpm under load. The Vapor-X is very quiet.
After stock testing, I cranked up the CPU to 4.9ghz @ 1.4875v. The ASUS Q-control took the fan speed up to 2000rpm, at which point the noise was louder but not overly so. A stable 4.9ghz overclock was achieved at 37c idle, and AIDA64 stability testing for 10 minutes got us up to 57c at the hottest. I'm pretty confident that I could achieve 5ghz on this cooler.
Consideration
So far all the pieces are in place. The package is nice, universal compatibility is a definite advantage, installation was a snap, and performance is excellent. Are there downsides?
I was surprised to see some strange “blobs” of metal between the aluminum fins. At first I thought they were bits of styrofoam packing material stuck between the fins with static, but close inspection revealed what looked like blobs of solder or melted metal. I put a flat screwdriver to them to see if they could easily be popped off (like solder would), but alas they did not budge. Clearly performance isn't impacted at all by these spurs, but it's a strange thing to see on such a high-end cooler. Perhaps I have an engineering sample or a pre-production unit and this is just a quirk. Either way, it's not a problem, but it bears mentioning.
The best part of the SAPPHIRE Vapor-X CPU cooler is yet to be mentioned: The price.
The MSRP on this cooler is a mere $69. That vaults this product directly into “extremely compelling” territory. As a first entry to a new market, despite the fact that SAPPHIRE is an established and trusted name, this is a stellar debut.
This is their first CPU cooler, and they knocked it out of the park. Light, inexpensive, quiet, easy to install, and very high performance. This only bodes well for future revisions and new models from SAPPHIRE.
We're pleased to award the Icrontic Silver Outstanding Product award to the SAPPHIRE Vapor-X CPU cooler.
The SAPPHIRE Vapor-X CPU cooler was released today and should be available at your favorite etailer shortly.
How music gives IVF eggs good vibrations by making them more likely to get fertilised
Playing music to an egg increased chances of fertilisation by 5 per cent
Tiny vibrations produced by music give fertilisation a helping hand
Scientists played music by Michael Jackson and Madonna
It is known as the food of love – and now it has emerged that music may boost the odds of IVF success.
Playing music to an egg in a dish in an IVF lab increased the chances of it being fertilised by 5 per cent, a study found.
The Spanish researchers believe that the tiny vibrations produced by music give fertilisation a helping hand.
Helping hand: It is known as the food of love - and now it has emerged that music may boost the odds of IVF success
They think the vibrations may ease the passage of nutrients into the egg and speed the removal of toxic waste, so increasing the odds of fertilisation taking place and the embryo surviving.
While fully-grown humans may be fussy about the type of music they listen to, embryos aren't so picky. Pop, classical and heavy metal were equally good, the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology's annual conference in London heard.
The scientists, from the Marques Institute fertility clinic in Barcelona, injected sperm into almost 1,000 eggs and put them on dishes in incubators.
They then placed iPods in half the incubators and left them playing music including pop songs by Michael Jackson and Madonna, heavier tracks from Nirvana and Metallica and classical works by Bach, Mozart and Vivaldi.
Star: Scientists placed iPods in incubators and left them playing music including pop songs by Michael Jackson and Madonna, pictured
When they checked the dishes, they found that fertilisation rates were higher in the incubators in which music had been played.
Researcher Carolina Castello said: ‘When we work in an IVF lab, we try to mimic the conditions in the womb in terms of light and temperature.
‘For instance, we work in low light but nobody has studied the effect of sound.'
Embryos don't develop the ability to hear for at least 14 weeks, so Dr Castello thinks that the vibrations produced by the music are key.
Dagan Wells, an Oxford University fertility expert said that while the idea might sound bizarre, it could have some scientific basis.
They said: ‘Embryos produced using IVF sit on a dish, stewing in their own juices but those produced naturally are wafted down the fallopian tubes, rocking and rolling all their way to the uterus.
‘This movement means that the embryo experiences a very dynamic environment, which may have some advantages, particularly in terms of getting rid of waste products.
‘The vibrations caused by music may stimulate this effect.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — The deletion of the requirement of SRS (sex reassignment surgery) for legal ID change for transgender people — is part of new measures recommended by the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Law Reform Advisory Council to bring ACT in line with the rest of Australia. It appears that these changes are likely to occur.
This is the kind of legislation that should be adopted everywhere, and I'm glad to see movement away from archaic laws starting to happen more and more, even though we're not going to see anything like this occur in the United States anytime soon.
http://www.canberratimes.com.au/act-news/bid-to-remove-transgender-sex-change-law-20120708-21ps9.html
——————
The Episcopal Church voted overwhelmingly to allow transgender priests. Previously, some dioceses permitted trans priests, while others discouraged it. It's now illegal to disallow any trans person from joining the priesthood.
Another positive gain for trans people. Even if you're not Episcopal, or even religious, just the fact that trans priests are becoming commonplace will help eat away at the negative stigma many have for trans people.
More here: Episcopal Church Approves Transgender People Ordination.
————
You're welcome to share this entire article!
Follow this topic and others on Lexie Cannes' Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Support this site, get the transgender-themed feature film “Lexie Cannes“ here: http://www.LexieCannes.com
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Discrimination, Equality, Civil Rights, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
Contents show]
Plot
is the main protagonist in Dr. Seuss's storyand a supporting character in the second season of The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss .  They are a short, unidentified bug. There is also a song in Seussical the Musical called, based off of him.
Sam-I-Am has become one of the most recognizable Seuss characters. They try to convince Joey to try the new dish called Green Eggs and Ham.
Origin
The origin of Green Eggs and Ham stems from a bet Seuss had with their publisher, Bennett Cerf. Seuss's previous book The Cat in the Hat, used only 223 words based off a list of 348 required words for beginner readers to learn. Cerf bet Seuss that they couldn't write a book with on 50 words from the asupervisorstioned list.
While the creative process for Green Eggs and Ham wasn't as documented as Cat in the Hat it is very possible that Sam's name came to be the same way the Cat in the Hat was created. “Ham” rhyming with “Sam”.
Voices
Biography
In Green Eggs and Ham, Sam pesters the unnamed co-star of the story asking if they like the dish. They ask them to eat green eggs and ham with different partners and locations, each time refusing with: “I do not like them Sam-I-Am.” At the end of the story, Sam finally tells their co-star to simply try the dish to see if they really likes it or not. To get Sam to leave them alone, the co-star does and finds that they actually really likes green eggs and ham.
The final line of the book is said by the co-star: “I do so like Green Eggs and Ham. Thank you, thank you, Sam-I-Am.” Accompanied by an illustration of the co-star happily patting Sam on the shoulder, the only ounce of affection he's given Sam throughout the story.
Characteristics and Interpretations
The moral of Green Eggs and Ham has been criticized for themes of harassment and peer-pressure. Seuss enthusiasts, however, state that the book is a message of trying new things, and should not be thought of as such. It is because of this criticism that Sam-I-Am is widely regarded as a trickster with good intentions. They rarely ever gets angry at the co-star in the original book or any of its adaptations. On top of that much like Cat in the Hat and the Fox in Socks, Sam-I-Am defies reality to a cartoonish level.
Sam-I-Am was voiced by Paul Winchell in the special Dr. Seuss on the Loose, Brian Lohmann in the Living games version, and John Kennedy in The Wubbulous world of Dr. Seuss.
Physical Description
All but Wubbulous World has portrayed Sam-I-Am as an indefinable, bug without antennas, with white face and feet and a hidden white body. They wear a red hat and a yellow shirt. In the original illustrations of the book Sam seemed to change size, especially when they were next to their co-star. In Wubbulous World they have a yellow face in place of a white face and an orange body.
Though changes have been made to Sam throughout the years, they have always been wearing their signature red hat.
Gallery
SaveSave
Promi-Fonds
Wenn der Börsenguru Geld verliert
Ob "Krisenprophet" Max Otte oder "Mr. Dax" Dirk Müller: Mit ihren Fonds buhlen Börsengurus um das Geld der Anleger. Die Ergebnisse sind dabei teilweise katastrophal.
imago Max Otte in der ARD-Talkshow Anne Will.
Wenig Zeit? Am Textende gibt's eine Zusammenfassung.
Max Otte steht auf der Bühne eines Saals des Berliner Veranstaltungszentrums Urania. Die Veranstaltung ist ausverkauft, rund 50 Gäste haben keine Tickets mehr bekommen und stehen hilflos vor dem Saal. "Heute vor zehn Jahren habe ich mein Buch 'Der Crash kommt' veröffentlicht", ruft Otte dem Publikum zu. "Dieses Jubiläum will ich mit Ihnen feiern."
Er ist gut drauf und verspricht, seine Gäste im Anschluss an seinen Vortrag auf ein Glas Sekt einzuladen. Die überwiegend älteren Gäste im Publikum klatschen. Dann spricht er über die zu hohe Staatsverschuldung und den Euro, der für ihn als Währung gescheitert ist.
In seinem Bestseller prognostizierte Otte im Jahre 2006 einen Finanz-Tsunami, ausgelöst durch US-Subprime-Papiere. "Als die Prognose dann eintraf, stieg meine Bekanntheit über Nacht", erzählt Otte nach der Veranstaltung in einem Hinterzimmer. Als "Krisenprophet" ist Otte mittlerweile ein gern gesehener Gast in TV-Talkshows, wo er in einfacher Sprache die Finanzwelt erklärt. In den vergangenen zehn Jahren hielt er nach eigenen Angaben nahezu tausend Vorträge und gab zwischen 300 und 400 Interviews.
"Ich war im prunkvollen Wiener Stadtpalais, im Konferenzzentrum unter dem Pariser Louvre und im Grand Hôtel in Montreux, in dem Deep Purple ihr legendäres Lied Smoke on the Water aufnahmen", schreibt er in seinem Vorwort seines Buches "Investieren statt Sparen", das als Neuauflage am 18. November erscheint.
Seit 2008 verwaltet Otte als Fondsmanager auch Geld von Privatanlegern, nebenbei hält er eine Professur an der Fachhochschule in Worms.
Otte vermarktet sich geschickt. Sein Fonds trägt seinen Namen in seiner Bezeichnung, auf seiner Website sieht der Besucher als erstes sein Konterfei vor einem goldenem Hintergrund. Privat pflegt er als Hobbygärtner eine Streuobstwiese, spielt E-Gitarre und versucht sich als evangelischer Laienprediger. Ottes kumpelhafte Art kommt an - auch bei den Anlegern: Zwischenzeitlich sammelte er für seine beiden Aktienfonds rund 300 Millionen Euro ein.
Doch nun leidet Otte, denn seine beiden Fonds laufen schlecht. In den vergangenen drei Jahren verlor der "Max Otte Vermögensbildungsfonds" fast sechs Prozent. Zum Vergleich: Der Weltaktienindex MSCI World legte in diesem Zeitraum um rund 37 Prozent zu, der Dax um fast 20 Prozent. Oder mit anderen Worten: Anleger, die im Herbst 2013 50.000 Euro in den Fonds investiert haben, haben nun nur noch 47.100 Euro übrig, abzüglich der Gebühren, die auch nicht gerade gering ausfallen. Wer die gleiche Summe in einen MSCI-World-Indexfonds gesteckt hat, kann sich heute dagegen über 68.500 Euro freuen.
Finanzexperten sprechen in so einem Fall von einer "massiven Underperformance". Vom angesehenen Analysehaus Morningstar bekommt Ottes "Vermögensbildungsfonds" derzeit einen von fünf möglichen Sternen. Das heißt: In den vergangenen drei Jahren schlugen sich 98 Prozent in der entsprechenden Vergleichsgruppe besser als sein Fonds - ein vernichtendes Urteil. Auch etliche Anleger haben offenbar den Glauben an den Guru verloren: Das verwaltete Kapital von Otte schrumpfte inzwischen auf gut 150 Millionen Euro zusammen.
Otte ist derzeit nicht der einzige prominente Fondsmanager, der mit Produktproblemen zu kämpfen hat. Auch Dirk Müller macht gerade die leidvolle Erfahrung, dass es weitaus schwieriger ist einen Fonds zu steuern, als in Fernsehinterviews den Bürgern die Welt zu erklären.
imago/APress Dirk Müller
Dirk Müller saß als Börsenmakler jahrelang vor der Dax-Tafel an der Frankfurter Börse, Bilder von ihm erschienen am nächsten Tag in allen Zeitungen des Landes. Irgendwann begannen Fernsehsender, Müller zum Börsengeschehen zu interviewen. Seitdem wird Müller "Mr.Dax" genannt und gilt als Börsenexperte. Bei n-tv kommentiert er regelmäßig die Finanzmärkte, er ist der Herausgeber eines eigenen Börsenbriefes und auf Facebook hat er mehr als 120.000 Fans.
Dort postet er Videos, in denen er die Berichterstattung von ARD und ZDF als "Kriegspropaganda" bezeichnet. In einem anderen fünfzehnminütigen Video ruft er in die Kamera: "Ich habe die Schnauze dermaßen voll von korrupten Eliten und lügenden Politikern, die keine Werte mehr kennen außer der Gier nach Macht!" Seine Fans lieben ihn für seine mit Verschwörungstheorien geladenen Wutreden.
Im April 2015 ließ Müller unter seinem Namen den "Dirk Müller Premium Aktien Fonds" auflegen. Privatanleger investierten 75 Millionen Euro. Die bisherige Bilanz fällt nüchtern aus: Der Fonds machte seitdem zwölf Prozent Verlust.
Die Beispiele Müller und Otte zeigen: Die Fähigkeit, komplexe Sachverhalte pointiert auf das Wesentliche zusammenzufassen und für die Allgemeinheit verständlich zu erklären, befähigt sie derzeit nicht dazu, ihren Anlegern Rendite zu liefern.
Dirk Müller war für eine Stellungnahme nicht zu erreichen. Otte sagt, dass er zwei folgenschwere Fehlentscheidungen getroffen hat. Bei Rohstoffaktien sei er zu früh eingestiegen, habe die Aktien dann mit Verlust verkauft und prompt die Wende der Titel nach oben verpasst.
In der Branche muss sich Otte zudem den Vorwurf anhören, sich zu wenig Zeit für seine Fonds genommen zu haben. Wer im Jahr 60 Vorträge hält und mehrere Bücher schreibe, könne sich nicht seriös um zwei Fonds kümmern, so lautet der Vorwurf der Kritiker.
Otte gibt zu, dass er zuletzt zu viel unter einen Hut bringen wollte. "Meine Arbeit als Professor ruht deshalb jetzt, und die Anzahl meiner Vorträge habe ich deutlich reduziert. Mein Fokus liegt jetzt voll und ganz auf den Fonds", sagt Otte. Die Underperformance seiner Fonds ärgere ihn "unheimlich".
Ob die Marke Otte aber auch ohne Bühnenauftritte funktioniert, bleibt abzuwarten.
Müller hat es anders probiert: Er setzt auf einen professionellen Fondsmanager, der seinen Fonds verwaltet. Der Erfolg lässt auch hier auf sich warten. Gut, könnte man sagen, da geht es Müller mit Otte wie vielen anderen Fonds: Unzählige Studien haben belegt, dass es aktive Fondsmanager auf Dauer nicht schaffen besser abzuschneiden als der Gesamtmarkt. Doch Otte und Müller sind derzeit deutlich schlechter als die Konkurrenz. Und das in einer Zeit, in der die Weltbörsen nur eine Richtung kennen: nach oben.
Die Fonds von Max Otte und Dirk Müller im Vergleich Fonds WKN Rendite ein Jahr (in %) Rendite 3 Jahre (in %) Volumen in Millionen Euro Kosten pro Jahr (in %) Max Otte Vermögens-
bildungsfonds A1J3AM -4,8 -5,8 48 1,9 PI Global Value
(Max Otte) A0NE9G -5,4 -3,7 102 1,8 Dirk Müller
Premium Aktien A111ZF -7,3 - 76 1,7 Zum Vergleich:
MSCI World ETF (iShares Core) A0RPWH +2,8 +36,9 7405 0,2 Quelle: Morningstar
Stand: 28.10.2016
Zusammengefasst: Die bekannten Börsenexperten Max Otte und Dirk Müller haben für ihre Fonds Millionen eingesammelt. Doch ihre Fonds laufen schlecht. Nun haben etliche Anleger den Glauben an die Gurus verloren.
Anmerkung der Redaktion: In einer früheren Fassung hieß es, das Volumen von Ottes Fonds hätte zwischenzeitlich rund 400 Millionen Euro betragen. Tatsächlich betrug der Wert aber nur rund 300 Mio.
Surprisingly enough, the greatest fear of a pregnant Social Justice Warrior is not having had an abortion yet, but the fear of having a baby that turns out to be… White!
A biracial woman, Xavia Dryden, who is married to a White guy is afraid that their son will “enter the world under the veil of whiteness” …
“In true millennial fashion, my first instinct after confirming my pregnancy was to turn to the internet for guidance. Naively, I perused the slick, pastel interfaces of maternity sites for posts on ‘common new mom fears,' searching feverishly for the ‘helpful hints' I actually needed. I crossed my fingers and hoped for articles with titles like, ‘So, Your Baby Is Passing' or ‘What to Expect When Your Baby Begins to Show Signs of Internalized Anglo-Normativity.' “No such luck.”
Maybe, juuust maybe, most parents aren't worried about their biracial (quadroon, to use the old terminology) child will turn out to be the reincarnation of Hitler?
But this clearly psychological hang-up runs deep:
“I worry, should my son be born darker, that when they are stopped and patted down on their way home from school or work or a date they will see this not as a violation, but as a fact of life. I worry that perhaps when my son is born, they will feel the unwelcome brush of strangers' hands against their body and recognize it from those days in the womb—as natural as the pulsations of my heartbeat or the far-off vibrations of my voice. “These are the fears I harbor for the quarter of my son that is black. For the whiteness within him, and for myself, I harbor other fears—fears of erasure that fill me with shame, because while I pray that my son will not suffer the slings and injustices of American Otherness, I also pray that their privilege, should they inherit it, will not divide us. I fear that my son—insulated for nine-odd months in the warm shelter of my womb—will burst into the world and not recognize me. I fear that they will, in the midst of latching their tiny mouth around my nipple, see its darkness against their impossibly pale skin and see not their mother, but a stranger. I fear that my son, as they grow into a teenager, will feel their pale cheeks flush with shame when I appear to check in on them and their friends, not because of my tendency to hover—helicopter parenting transcends race, after all—but because of my residency in a body whose darkness is so vastly different from their own.”
This woman is married and having the child in wedlock. Clearly they are willing to call them a boy and not buy wholeheartedly into the modern “gender” insanity. They clearly don't hate White people too much, seeing as she's married to one. She's even willing to have the child, despite their worries! That right there gives their son a much better chance at success in life than many newborns now-a-days.
Perhaps the best thing they could do is not worry whether their child will be “Black” or “White”, but concentrate on being a as good as a mother as they can.
Tweet
Pakistan's government plans to put former President Pervez Musharraf on trial for treason for declaring a state of emergency and suspending the constitution while in power, the interior minister said Nov. 17, 2013. (Anjum Naveed/AP)
The Pakistani government announced Sunday that it intends to try former military ruler Pervez Musharraf for “high treason,” a dramatic escalation of the charges they have faced since they returned from exile this year.
Speaking at a hastily arranged news conference, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said the government will name a special prosecutor on Monday to try Musharraf for invoking emergency rule during their 1999-2008 dictatorship.
If a special judicial panel agrees to proceed, it will mark the first time that Pakistan has tried someone on charges of high treason, defined as conspiring to “abrogate or subvert or suspend” the country's constitution.
“We have made this decision in the national interest,” said Khan, noting that Musharraf suspended Parliament and the judiciary when they imposed emergency rule in 2007. “Musharraf is accountable before the nation and the constitution,” the interior minister added.
The news signals the growing confidence of Pakistan's civilian government after decades of political upheaval, including three coups. But the decision by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government could fuel new discord in the country, where some residents still look back at Musharraf's tenure as one of relative security and economic stability.
Musharraf led a 1999 military coup that drove Sharif from the prime minister's post. They also led their country through the turbulent aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, which resulted in the U.S.-led invasion of neighboring Afghanistan. When the courts and politicians began to challenge Musharraf's authority, they effectively imposed martial law in 2007 by dismissing the chief justice of the Supreme Court and ordering the detention of several other judges.
After they stepped down in late 2008, Musharraf went into self-imposed exile in London. They returned to Pakistan in March and was quickly charged in a string of cases, including the assassination of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto and a 2007 military siege of a mosque in Islamabad housing radical Islamic students.
After Sharif returned as prime minister in June, analysts wondered whether they had the appetite for prolonging Musharraf's legal woes.
By interjecting their government into the matter, Sharif risks alienating the country's powerful military leaders, some of whom quietly resent the legal humiliation facing their former chief. Musharraf spent six months under house arrest this year for the other charges but was released on bail about two weeks ago.
If they are tried and convicted of treason, they will be subject to the death penalty.
Aasia Ishaque, a spokesperson for Musharraf, accused Sharif's government of using the case to deflect attention from the nation's challenges, including deadly sectarian violence over the weekend near Islamabad, the capital.
“The government is unable to get control, so they decided to bring up Musharraf again,” Ishaque said. “This is a diversion.”
On Friday, the country was shaken when Shiites and Sunnis clashed in Rawalpindi during a demonstration marking the Shiite holy month of Muharram.
At least nine people were killed and more than 60 were wounded, much by gunfire. A Sunni mosque was torched. To restore order, the army imposed a two-day curfew in Rawalpindi and cut off cellphone service in dozens of other cities.
Craig reported from Kabul.
Raising a family is the most important duty a man has. Without children the state has no future, and if those children are not brought up properly then that future is bleak. When there is so much at stake it is vital to get it right, and in this article I will explain how to make sure your family is a source of great pride to you. No man could ever be happy if their wife ignored their needs or their children disobeyed their instructions, but if you follow the simple principles laid out here you can make sure that your household runs smoothly and efficiently.
The most important decision is choosing a good wife. Use your head more than your heart. Draw up a list of candidates and think about what each one would bring to the marriage. If you marry a woman just because they are beautiful, then they will feel they never has to do anything else for you. They will not mind if the house is a mess or your meals are badly cooked. And you will have to put up with this because you married them just for their beauty and not for their domestic skills. The same is true if you marry a woman just because they are rich or from an important family. They will always think they have done enough just by being with you.
Of course, you do need to take them looks and their background into account. But wealth, good family and beauty do nothing in themselves to make a wife think kind thoughts towards their husband. In fact, the opposite is more the case. These attributes are more likely to make your wife feel superior to you. They will feel you do not deserve to have them as a wife and resent doing anything you tell them to do. Make sure you check to see whether their family has a good track record in producing healthy, male children. When it comes to a potential wife's physical appearance, all that really matters is that they are strong, healthy and looks normal. If they are less than beautiful they will be less hassled by other men's attempts to seduce, and if they have a strong body they will be better suited to hard work and bearing children.
Most girls get married in adolescence and your duty as an older husband is to teach your young bride how to become a good wife. They should be loyal, obedient, affable, reasonable, and work hard at their wool-making. They should be religious without being superstitious, dress modestly and use little make-up. They must be devoted to their family and show as much attention to their mother-in-law as they do to their own. The following checklist for a happy marriage will help her:
1. The passion of newlyweds soon burns out. Marriage starts with lust but will only last if a more sustainable fuel can be found.
2. When the husband got married, yes, they wanted their wife to have children. No, they did not want them to stop looking after him.
3. A modest wife should be seen in public mostly with their husband, but when they are away on business they should stay at home.
4. A wife should have no emotion of their own but should reflect the mood of their husband. They should laugh at their jokes when they are happy and be sad when they are low.
5. A wife should have no friends of their own but should cultivate those of their husband.
6. A happy marriage is one where the words ‘mine' and ‘yours' are seldom heard. All things, whether good or bad, should be shared, and the bond will be strengthened all the more by it.
7. A woman should never try to rule their husband. It is the man's lot to govern their wife, not as a master does their slave, but as the soul does the body by sympathy and goodwill.
8. A sensible wife will stay quiet during their husband's tantrums.
9. If there is one golden rule, it is that wives should be submissive. As my dream interpreter, Artemidorus, says: ‘If a man dreams that they have sexual intercourse with their wife and that they yield willingly and without reluctance to the union, then it is good for all alike.'
Wives must produce children. You should aim to have at least five or six children because so many of them will be taken from you in infancy. At least half of your offspring will be lost to illness and it is important to make sure you have some to spare. You should understand how to get pregnant. Just as there are seasons that are better for sowing seed on the ground, so too the seed ejaculated in sex will not always bear fruit. In order to achieve the right result, you must be careful to have intercourse when menstruation is ending, when you have the urge, and when your body is neither too hungry nor full from excessive eating or drinking. If you are hungry, it is best to have a light snack first. The woman should not move excessively during intercourse as this is likely to result in a child of unstable mind.
Giving birth to many children does not mean you should keep them all. If you are poor and do not earn enough to be able to support your family, you should throw away weak infants at birth. A child does not become a full human being until the eighth or ninth day when the father has accepted it into their household. Only at this point does human life begin and weeding out unwanted babies in this way is a perfectly acceptable form of abortion. So if your wife does produce an unwanted child, you should instruct them to abandon it at the town dump or by the roadside so the slave-dealers can pick it up. Whether the infant is a girl or a boy will probably influence your decision, since it never hurts to have a spare boy or two, whereas girls are a costly expense who will require a dowry in due course.
Childbirth is not the only way to acquire children. You can buy children from those who can no longer afford to feed them. If you wish to do this, make sure the child looks healthy and then get the mother to sign a contract relinquishing all claims over their child in the future unless they reimburse you of all the costs of raising it. If you later decide you no longer need the child you can always give it to one of your slave women.
The education of daughters should be entrusted to the mother. They should instruct them in weaving wool, sewing and managing the household slaves, especially in the kitchen. Teaching a girl to read will also enable them to engage in conversation at table and so make them more attractive to a potential husband. The father must ensure that their boys are brought up properly. Never leave it to the mother as they will just embrace them and try to stop them from ever being unhappy or having to do anything difficult. A father's love is more strategic. They will get their boys up early so they can start their studies and will not let them lay about even during the holidays.  They are always prepared to extract both sweat and tears from their children.
Obviously, a father cannot always be there for their children. You will often need to use a slave as a nursemaid. Make sure they speak properly and has good morals. Children are highly impressionable and can pick up bad habits easily just as a new cooking pot can easily absorb strong flavours.
When educating boys, you should be careful not to make them angry or to blunt their natural spirit. Freedom nurtures the spirit, repression crushes it. But if freedom is left unrestrained, the child will grow insolent and moody. You must try to steer a middle course between these two extremes, using both carrot and stick to keep the child on a steady path. Do not humiliate the child or treat them as if they were a slave. Never let whining reap a reward. Only ever reward good behaviour.
They should not take big mouthfuls, lick their fingers, or eat too much meat. Meat slows the mind and makes a boy fat
Education must above all teach the child to tell the truth. Telling the truth is the best of virtues, whereas telling lies is the worst error. Telling lies will never lead to prosperity. The boy must show respect for their parents, their teachers and other educated people. Any child who fails to do this will never be successful. The young must be taught to serve others. This is particularly so with the children of the rich, who have no need to do what they are told. The boy must be made to hate money and be taught to treat it like a poisonous snake, whose venom enters the body and damages it. They should be allowed time to play but this should be relaxing to give them energies for their studies.
Mealtimes are very important in a child's education. The boy should never be allowed to rush up at meal times and gaze at their food greedily. The importance of food must be minimised in their eyes. If they show signs of greed, you must tell them that greed is a characteristic of pigs. When they are sitting at the table, do not let them stretch out and grab whatever they want. They should be allowed to take only a little food, which they should eat slowly. They should not take big mouthfuls. They should not lick their fingers. They should not eat too much meat. Meat slows the mind and makes a boy fat and prevents them from growing properly. Let them have only a few sweets and a little fruit or else they will develop a love of luxury and pleasure. Give them plain bread sometimes to get them used to simple food and to teach them self-control. This will be a very useful attitude for them to possess in later life. Keep their breakfast small to keep their mind alert for their lessons. Never let them drink wine. Wine alters the minds of men and makes them stupid, rude, reckless and angry. How much more is it likely to corrupt a boy? They should not mix with people in the street as they will be exposed to a lot of rude language and ignorance.
They should not be allowed to sleep for pleasure but only as long as they need. Too much sleep is harmful as it softens the body and deadens the heart. Make sure their bedding is not too soft because it will make the boy develop an equal softness. The boy needs toughening up and for their soul to grow strong, for which only a firm bed will do. They should do lots of exercise but when they walk they should not walk too quickly as this is a sign of recklessness and excessive busyness. The boy must be warned about the dangers of sexual intercourse or of gaining any knowledge of it in any respect until they are married. It will teach them self-control and also keep their reputation clean. Abstinence from sex will also help them grow strong physically, just as it will make their soul virtuous.
Praise the child if they are successful but do not do it too much as it will make them have too high an opinion of himself. This is particularly true of only children who are more likely to be indulged and so have their characters spoiled. Such children can never cope with criticism or failure because they have never been denied anything they wanted, and their tears have always been wiped away by their anxious mothers.
Wealth and luxury threaten the family from all sides nowadays. We live in an age soaked in decadence. Women think they can criticise you in public or while reclining at table if you make some small factual error. Women used to be chaste, and hard work kept their hands tough and their hearts honest. Now they rule their men. Women drink late and drink more than their male drinking companions. They have become the equal of men in their lust and even take the active role in sex.
If you find your wife behaving is such a way, or they fail to provide you with heirs, you should divorce them If you decide to end the marriage, all you have to do is inform your wife, either verbally, by letter or by sending a slave to announce it to them Marriage is based on willing agreement and so once consent has gone there is no longer any basis for it to continue.
Of course, the reality is never so simple and in truth it normally takes long negotiations between both families before a settlement is reached. There is no such thing as joint property. Let the woman take back what they brought into the marriage as their dowry. For this reason, I always advise new husbands to keep the full value of the dowry separate so they will be able to repay it quickly should divorce become necessary. If the divorce is their fault, you are entitled to take off child-related costs from their dowry in the ratio of one sixth per child up to a maximum of one half. You may also retain between one eighth and one sixth of the value of the dowry as punishment for any moral failings they have displayed, such as committing adultery.
If the wife has been barren, they return to their father, taking their dowry with them (subject to any deductions for adulterous behaviour)
Children belong to the father. Many bitter husbands forbid their former wives from seeing their children again. While this is understandable, you should overcome such anger. It does not benefit your children to be deprived of all maternal influence ­– however wickedly they might have behaved – and it could even turn them against you. Also, if your wife believes you might act in this vindictive fashion, they might decide to limp on in an unhappy marriage when you could both be free to start again. You would be better advised to separate as amicably as possible and come to a private arrangement whereby the young children stay with the mother whereas those who have entered education reside in your household. Wherever they live, the children will remain your financial responsibility.
Women thinking about getting divorced should take into account the following considerations: if they have been fertile enough to produce three or more children, then they will re-enter single society as a respected mother and a desirable potential wife. What man would not want a woman whose womb has proved so productive? But if they have been barren and failed to provide their husband with any heirs, then they will not look like an enviable catch. They will return to their father's household, taking their dowry with them (subject to any deductions for adulterous behaviour). This is not as bad as it might seem. When they die, they will inherit and be free to do as they please. They might decide to take over their business affairs or amuse themselves with various love affairs. They will be free to choose their own path.
Finally, a word of warning about stepmothers. If a man remarries, they must keep a close eye on how their new wife treats their children from a previous relationship. It is only natural that a stepmother would never love their stepchildren by inclination or by choice. They will lavish affection on their own children but hate the ones produced by another woman's birth pangs. They will give them less food and pass it to their own children instead. Before you know it, you will find half your children happy and well-fed, while the others sit emaciated and covered in bruises.
These then are the principles of managing your household. Armed with them, you can confidently expect to have at your side a loyal and dutiful wife and a brood of healthy, well-mannered children. Your ordered and disciplined home will be the envy of your friends and a source of great pride. You will, indeed, have become a proper head of the family.
Letter from senior health professionals says coalition has left NHS in the weakest position ever and calls on people to use votes to reinstate service
Leading doctors in the NHS have accused the coalition government of a catalogue of broken promises, funding cuts and destructive legislation which has left the health service weaker than ever before.
In a letter to the Guardian, more than 140 senior doctors pass a damning judgment on the government's flight attendantship of the NHS, which they say is under pressure because of unnecessary market-oriented changes.
Senior doctors assess government's record on NHS – letter in full Read more
“As medical and public health professionals our primary concern is for all patients. We invite voters to consider carefully how the NHS has fared over the last five years, and to use their vote to ensure that the NHS in England is reinstated,” they write.
The signatories to the letter include Dr Clare Gerada, former chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners; Prof John Ashton, retired director of public health; epidemiologist Prof Michael Coleman; Simon Capewell, professor of public health at the University of Liverpool; Trisha Greenhalgh, professor of primary care at Oxford; Martin McKee, professor of European public health, and Raymond Tallis, emeritus professor of geriatric medicine at the University of Manchester.
The letter, which the doctors have written in a private capacity, challenges the government on its NHS record and deplores the current pressures facing the health service.
Entering the last election, David Cameron assured voters that the NHS was safe in Conservative hands. The doctors, however, say the NHS “is withering away and if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had under the NHS and have to pay more for health services. Privatisation not only threatens coordinated services but also jeopardises training of our future healthcare providers and medical research, particularly that of public health.”
Just a week ago, 100 senior business leaders wrote to the Telegraph, claiming a Labour government would “threaten jobs and deter investment” in the UK. The NHS is a potentially difficult issue for the Tories and a strong suit for Labour.
Earlier on Tuesday, the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, said they would meet the funding challenge thrown down by the NHS chief executive, Simon Stevens, last year. Stevens said in October that the health service faced a funding gap of £30bn by 2020, of which £22bn could be met through efficiency savings.
Hunt told BBC Radio 4's World at One programme: “We will give whatever they need. It might be more than £8bn, it might be less.”
Within hours of Hunt's pledge, an earlier draft of the doctors' letter was leaked to the Daily Telegraph, which claimed that Labour had orchestrated it. Julian Smith, the Tory candidate defending Skipton and Ripon, told the paper: “This Labour stitch-up is another desperate attempt to weaponise the NHS. The truth is that only today Andy Burnham said they didn't support the NHS's own funding plan. Under this government, we've got more doctors, more nurses and more patients being seen than ever before.”
But Gerada, who organised the letter, denied that the Labour party was responsible. “It has not been orchestrated by Labour, it has been put together by me and a few other medical leaders,” they told the Telegraph. “I'm not doing this from a party political point of view. My views on the health service and the Health and Social Care Act go back and are well known. This letter was drafted by me and some others.
Ways to right the coalition wrongs of NHS reorganisation | Letters Read more
“I am a Labour party member now, but I'm not an activist in the Labour party. This is a view of many doctors who have serious concerns about the state of the NHS as it is now.”
A Labour spokesperson said: “It's little surprise that doctors have written this letter – they are deeply concerned about the direction of the NHS under David Cameron and the consequences for patients of another five years of Tory government. The NHS needs Labour's better plan for 20,000 more nurses and 8,000 more GPs, paid for with a £2.5bn a year time to care fund, and guaranteed GP appointments within 48 hours.”
There's a painful list of conditions we can't treat on the NHS | Zara Aziz Read more
The letter attacks Andrew Lansley's NHS shakeup, which was passed by parliament in 2012 as the Health and Social Care Act. It is “already leading to the rapid and unwanted expansion of the role of commercial companies in the NHS. Lansley's Act is denationalising healthcare because the abolition of the duty to provide a NHS throughout England, abdicates government responsibility for universal services to ad hoc bodies (such as clinical commissioning groups) and competitive markets controlled by private sector-dominated quangos,” the doctors write.
The squeeze is hitting patients, they continue: “People may be unaware that under the coalition, dozens of accident and emergency departments and maternity units have been closed or earmarked for closure or downgrading. In addition, 51 NHS walk-in centres have been closed or downgraded in this time, and more than 60 ambulance stations have shut and more than 100 general practices are at risk of closure.”
Thousands of NHS beds have closed since 2010, they say, while mental health and primary care are in disarray and public health has been “wrenched” out of the NHS and is now the responsibility of local authorities.
The way forward is clear, the doctors say. “Abolish all the damaging sections of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 that fragment care and drive the NHS towards a market-driven, ‘out-for-tender' mentality where care is provided by the lowest bidder. Reversing this costly and inefficient market bureaucracy alone will save significant sums. Above all, the duty on the secretary of state to provide a health service throughout England must be reinstated – it still exists in Scotland and Wales.”
The Harmonic Resonance of Ejiro Anaborhi
by Wole Talabi
The spindly, sleek ship hurtled forward at hyperliminal speed, blurring its own intricately patterned design in six dimensions and wrecking the fabric of space–time in its wake. Its captain adjusted the dial on the control panel, accelerating the ship three thousand lightspeed units faster in Planck time. Reality shifted.
The sphere that was chasing the ship matched their maneuver and kept the distance—if it could still be called that—between them, unchanged. The sphere suddenly added an extra-dimensional rotation to its motion and burst ahead with a surge of energy that set off a singularity event behind it. It slammed itself against the ship finally, throwing off gigantic streams of pure energy, and latched on to it with long, spiny hydra-like tendrils that branched into manifold others.
The sphere began to consume the ship in a dazzling display of fractured light and twisted gravity, tendrils reaching into it like the fingers of some monstrous creature seeking sustenance. The ship's captain, in a panic, condensed every aspect of themself into one place for the first time since they'd first gained super-sentience. They could not let the ship be taken. If the object it carried fell into the hands of the beings that controlled the sphere, every conscious aspect of the universe could become a weapon in their hands. It was better if all was lost; destroyed forever. The object pulsed a thought in agreement with them. They resonated with resolve. This would be the final act of the Great War. It had to be done.
The captain pushed a gray dot above the main control panel and the universe stood still for the most minuscule of moments before a bright azure stream of pure plasma tore its way through the core of the ship, expanding at imperceivable speeds. In a flash, it obliterated the ship, the sphere, and everything within a five-hundred-galaxy radius before finally pausing to allow something like an explosion occur. Time and space became shrapnel. Pressure and temperature became meaningless abstractions in a bubble of broken reality. The universe trembled.
(Continue Reading…)
In a significant step toward achieving a key portion of President Donald Trump's legislative agenda, House Republicans narrowly passed their version of tax reform on Thursday.
The legislation — titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act — passed with 205 votes opposed and 227 in favor, according to The Washington Post. While the bill would reform the tax code and deliver cuts to corporate and individual taxpayers, Democrats complained that it disproportionately benefited the wealthy and burdened the middle class.
The Post outlined the bill's provisions:
The House bill delivers more than 80 percent of its overall cuts to corporations, business owners and wealthy families who are subject to the federal estate tax, according to estimates released by the Joint Committee on Taxation, Congress' nonpartisan tax analyst. Most middle-class Americans would see an immediate tax cut, however, due to a lowering of individual tax rates, the near-doubling of the standard deduction, and a larger Child Tax Credit. But many households who currently itemize their deductions — taking advantage of write-offs for state income taxes, medical expenses, and more — could see immediate tax increases. In future years the benefits of the bill for individuals wane due to the phaseout of a key tax credit and the use of a slower measure of inflation to recalibrate bracket levels.
Leading Republicans touted tax reform for its impact on economic growth, something they said would help mitigate the overall cost.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the GOP's plan would raise the deficit by $1.7 trillion over the course of 10 years, and potentially trigger $25 billion in cuts to Medicare.
While the CBO has yet to score the Senate's version of tax reform, senators on both sides of the aisle cautioned against its potentially high cost. As was previously reported, the Senate appeared to try and limit its version's cost by including a repeal of the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate.
Before Republicans cast their vote on Thursday, Trump reportedly told them they loved them. “I love you. Now go vote,” they said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) praised the bill's passage as a “very, very big milestone” in a “long road” toward lifting the American economy. Thursday's vote, Ryan said, was “one of the greatest things” Republicans could have done to fulfill their promise to better American lives.
Watch Ryan's comments below, via C-SPAN3.
WASHINGTON - Since 2010, Republican-controlled state legislatures have increasingly used preemption laws to strike down local government efforts to improve the working conditions of their residents. EPI's new interactive map tracks the rise of preemption in five key areas of labor and employment: minimum wage, paid leave, fair work schedules, prevailing wages, and project labor agreements. The map, which will be updated as laws change, features information about each state's labor and employment preemption laws, including when the laws were implemented and what they entail, and paints a picture of the rise of anti-worker preemption laws across the country.
“With inaction at the federal and state level, working people have increasingly relied on local government to raise labor standards. Now, those protections are being stripped away, by mostly conservative state legislators, through the widespread use of preemption laws,” said EPI Associate Labor Counsel Marni von Wilpert. “This map will be a powerful tool for working people to find out how state legislators are pushing labor standards down, so that they can hold them accountable for their actions.”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
EPI recently released a paper explaining the rise of preemption laws across the country. Recent examples include:
In 2011, the Wisconsin legislature passed a preemption law to nullify Milwaukee's paid sick leave ordinance—even though Milwaukee voters had approved the ordinance in a 2008 ballot initiative with 69 percent support.
In 2015, the Birmingham City Council raised the city's minimum wage to $8.50 effective July 2016 and to $10.10 effective July 2017. But the Alabama state legislature quickly passed a minimum wage preemption law, reversing Birmingham's ordinance and ensuring the city's minimum wage would remain stuck at $7.25.
On August 28, 2017, the Missouri state legislature enacted a preemption law that actually lowered the minimum wage in St. Louis, from the city's minimum wage of $10 to back down to the statewide minimum wage of $7.70 an hour—undercutting the raises of the approximately 31,000 workers who benefited from the city's minimum wage increase to $10 per hour.
“America's workers need better jobs and stronger labor standards,” said von Wilpert. “Local governments are raising the bar on labor standards to include higher wages and the ability to earn paid leave to recover from illness or care for family members. Once communities organize for these improvements, they should not be stripped away by state legislators, most of whom are far removed from the communities these preemption laws affect.”
###
Xiaomi launched several phones this quarter and the move brought a rise in shipments. The company is on course to moving 20 million units in the second quarter of 2017, according to an industry insider.
Q2 is undoubtedly a better quarter compared with Q1 2017 when Xiaomi managed to ship only 13 million units. The reason for the spike is the companys expansion into markets like Mexico, as well as the aggressive marketing in India. Xiaomi also is already selling the flagship Xiaomi Mi 6 and the refreshed phablet Mi Max 2, which enjoys great reception.
According to the insider, numbers for Xiaomi will keep rising with more star products to come by the end of 2017. Some of them might be the rumored Mi Note 3 and Mi Mix 2.
Via
Posted on: October 10, 2014
Will Mayo re-climbs their new route, Shooting Star (WI7 M9), on Mt Evans' Black Wall a week after the first ascent. Belayed by Ben Collett, they exit the route's technical crux, preparing for the thin ice above. [Photo] Dan Gambino
Last Tuesday, Ben Collett and I hiked up the barren western slope of Mt. Evans, just as we had this time last year. As we walked, we parted the same alders we had 12 months before, our boots treading among the same tufts of brown grass. A thin layer of the season's first snow layered the ground, flowing eastward and rising up the slope in waves following the fierce gusts of wind. The well-etched image of the Mt. Evans' Black Wall flashed in my mind, an image I had perused so many times over the past year, memorizing every rivulet, every crack in the grey-golden granite.
advertisement
A pristine, candle-like icicle that hung from the belly of the roof to the left of Silhouette (M9 WI6+), our new route from the year before, had lit my sub-conscious since I'd first seen it. Was it there, waiting for us, as I hoped? I wondered.
Arriving at the rim of the cirque above the Black Wall, we peered beyond a large cornice. Thin, nascent, chaotic chandeliers trickled across much of the buttress, lacking the bold, definitive lines of last year. It took me several moments to discern Silhouette, the daggers now just a cascade of jagged crystalline-white icicles, which hung from the lips of the overhangs, the curtains now mere sheets of translucent verglas.
The climbers tinker around on other possible projects on the Black Wall. After this photo was taken, the duo trundled "tons of giant, dangerous loose blocks," Mayo explained. [Photo] Dan Gambino
To our dismay, the icicle that 12 months before had formed to the left was now absent. But a gash that dropped down the face like a mineshaft, a line that had been dry last year, was coated with glossy black ice. The base of the cleft fell through a giant ceiling, one that hung with a tiered skirt of white icicles, like the upper jaw of a great white shark's wide open mouth.
"What do you think?" Ben shouted over the wind.
"There's ice in the chimney. But, it's so thin. I don't know. What do you think?" I replied, lowering my voice between gusts.
"Well, we could just call this a reconnoiter. I'm fine either way." Ben said with their customary diplomacy.
Mayo climbs through the crux, high-stepping onto a smear during the second ascent of the route. [Photo] Dan Gambino
Deciding to rappel down the side opposite the ominous cornice, we reached the base of the route and stood looking upward at parallel roof cracks. The roof was rimmed with the starbursts of white icicles. We racked up in silence before climbing into the uncertainty that hung above us.
Secure dry tooling up into the gut of the ceiling allowed for excellent rock protection. Climbing out to the base of the shaft, 10 meters into the pitch, the transition from rock to ice presented an eerie sequence of lock-offs on tools placed in verglas, each move both savage and delicate. A balance of power and precision. With every upward motion, I was carried farther along the lip of the roof, away from the security of protection.
Eventually, I moved beyond the constraints of the chimney's base, high-stepping onto a smear for stability—crossing the point of no return. Reversing those moves likely would have been beyond my ability, and I had climbed beyond my gear to the point where a fall would be catastrophic.
Above lay the psychological crux: 20 meters of vertical verglas with overhanging steps. With it came the terrifying conundrum of ice too thin for screws and rock too iced up for reliable gear. I continued upward, having faith that eventually protection would be found.
Mayo and Collett take stock of their battle wounds after the first ascent of Shooting Star. [Photo] Will Mayo
After twice stopping to place gear that was almost certainly worthless, I tapped up the last bit of verglas, petering out to wafer-thin ice. I reached a ledge with a clean, dry finger-crack above it and a bulge of ice at its back. I placed a solid screw, two cams, tied myself off and screamed in euphoric rage. Ben followed, and the second pitch went quickly, with some awkward chimney moves off the belay and then easier climbing to the top of the wall.
At the top, I sat in the sun behind a boulder, buffeted by wind. I laughed at myself. Having spent countless hours over the last 12 months writing about my experience on the Black Wall and its importance to my values as a climber and my understanding of life and death, here I was, having repeated the process. I realized that it is impossible to accurately recount or recollect such an experience. An uncertain climb is, for a time, the only thing in the world, the sole occupier of the consciousness. For the effect and meaning of an unpredictable climb to be fully understood, it must be experienced; to be fully appreciated, it must be repeated.
Shooting Star with Mayo and Collett's line of rappel marked on the left. Mayo's new route from last year, Silhouette, is barely beginning to form to the right of Shooting Star. [Photo] Will Mayo
Alpinist, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by Here at, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by subscribing
advertisement
COLLEGE STATION, Nov. 4, 2010 — A centuries-old religious ceremony of an indigenous people in southern Mexico has led to small evolutionary changes in a local species of fish, according to researchers from Texas A&M University.
Since before the arrival of Christopher Columbus to the New World, the Zoque people of southern Mexico would venture each year during the Easter season deep into the sulfuric cave Cueva del Azufre to implore their deities for a bountiful rain season. As part of the annual ritual, they release into the cave's waters a distinctive, leaf-bound paste made of lime and the ground-up root of the barbasco plant, a natural fish toxin. Believing the cave's fish to be gifts from their gods, they scoop up their poisoned prey to feed upon until their crops are ready to harvest.
However, a team of researchers led by Dr. Michael Tobler, an evolutionary ecologist at Oklahoma State University, and Dr. Gil Rosenthal, a biology professor at Texas A&M, has discovered that some of these fish have managed not only to develop a resistance to the plant's powerful toxin, but also to pass on their tolerant genes to their offspring, enabling them to survive in the face of otherwise certain death for their non-evolved brethren.
Their findings recently were published in the online journal “Biology Letters.”
Tobler has been studying the small, cave-dwelling fish species known as the Atlantic molly or Poecilia mexicana and its uncanny ability to survive in the toxic sulfur environment of Cueva del Azufre since 2004. They earned their Ph.D. from the University of Zurich in 2008 and spent the next two years as a postdoctoral research associate at Texas A&M, studying under Rosenthal and Dr. Kirk Winemiller, a professor in wildlife and fisheries science, as part of a two-year, $79,000 Swiss National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship.
After learning about the Zoque people's sacred ritual and witnessing the event firsthand in 2007, Tobler and Rosenthal decided to investigate the effects of this peculiar ceremony on the mollies and their habitat. Ironically, it was the last ceremony ever held, as the Zoques ended the practice that year due to political pressure from the government, which sought to preserve the cave as a hotbed for tourism and potential revenue.
“We wanted to do a lab experiment where we exposed fish from different parts of the creek to barbasco,” Tobler says. “Some of these fish had been more exposed than others.”
In March 2010, the team collected molly specimens from two different areas of the cave annually exposed to the barbasco toxin as well as from two different areas upstream, further away from the Zoque's ritual. With both groups of fish in a single tank, they then introduced the barbasco root to determine how both groups would react.
They found that the mollies annually exposed to the barbasco indeed were more resistant than the fish further upstream — to the extent that they were able to swim in the noxious water nearly 50 percent longer. Tobler and Rosenthal's group concluded that human beings had, over time, not only affected molly population dynamics, but also inadvertently kick-started the evolutionary process of natural selection as well. Mollies able to tolerate the poisonous conditions survived and passed those traits to their offspring, resigning those that perished to their fate of serving as a ceremonial feast for the Zoque.
“The cool thing is that this ceremony has gone on a long time and that the fish responded to it evolutionarily,” Tobler says. “Lots of species couldn't live with these changes. It highlights how nature is affected by human activity.”
Rosenthal contends that the idea of imposing evolutionary divergence on a species at an extremely localized spatial scale is not a new concept. In fact, they say, it's been happening since the beginning of humankind and that the idea of the “noble savage” is passé.
“We tend to have this wonderful Pocahontas idea that before Europeans came in, everything was pristine and in harmony with nature and that all of the changes in our environment have been post-industrialization,” they explain. “No. People have been changing the environment forever.”
Moreover, Rosenthal says, once a species has become genetically adapted to human presence, it is not very easy to suddenly reverse.
Their ritual since banned, the Zoques still perform a mock ceremony each Easter season. Tobler, however, would like to see the Zoque's original ceremony resume, but in a way that is sustainable to nature as well as other cave inhabitants. The key, they and Rosenthal believe, is to find a balance between human activity and their environment. In the case of the Zoques, it may mean a few limitations on barbasco usage for their ritual, such as releasing the toxin only 50-to-60 meters into the cave rather than 100 meters.
Pending further resolution, Tobler will continue their research with the mollies at Oklahoma State, where they are housed in a special tank built to safely imitate their sulfuric living conditions in Cueva del Azufre.
“We need to understand what the impact really is on these fish rather than eliminate the ceremony completely,” Tobler says. “We want to hopefully find a balance between the cultural practices of these people and the ecosystem.”
To read their detailed paper, visit http://rsbl.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/early/2010/09/06/rsbl.2010.0663.full?sid=b26a2194-7a63-4bfc-acdd-b62460fffa9a.
For more information on Tobler's research with Atlantic mollies, visit http://www.sulfide-life.info/mtobler/.
Contact: Chris Jarvis, (979) 845-7246 or [email protected], Dr. Michael Tobler, (405) 744-6815 or [email protected] or Dr. Gil Rosenthal, (979) 845-3614 or [email protected]
For more news about Texas A&M University, go to http://tamunews.tamu.edu.
Follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/tamutalk.
CLOSE A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded during a static fire test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2016. Video courtesy USLaunchReport.com.
Artist rendering of a Moon Express lander orbiting the moon. (Photo: Moon Express)
Update, Sunday, Jan. 8:
Bad weather in California has pushed SpaceX's targeted return-to-flight date back five days, to Jan. 14, customer Iridium Communications said in a statement today:
"With high winds and rain in the forecast at Vandenberg Air Force Base, the first launch of 10 Iridium NEXT satellites is now planned for January 14th at 9:54:34 am PST with a back-up date of January 15th."
High winds and rain in forecast at VAFB. First launch of #IridiumNEXT now planned for January 14th at 9:54:34 am PST. #NEXTevolution. — Iridium Corporate (@IridiumComm) January 8, 2017
Original story posted Friday, Jan. 6:
SpaceX has been cleared to attempt a Monday launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from California, the company's first in nearly five months.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday confirmed it has accepted the findings of SpaceX's investigation into an explosion that destroyed a rocket and commercial satellite during a Sept. 1 countdown test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and has issued SpaceX a license for the return-to-flight mission.
A Falcon 9 carrying 10 Iridium Communications satellites is targeting liftoff from Vandenberg Air Force Base at 1:22 p.m Eastern Time (10:22 a.m. local time), during an instantaneous window.
But the weather forecast is iffy, with rain expected.
On Thursday, SpaceX fueled the rocket and briefly fired its nine main engines — successfully completing the same type of pre-launch test that was in progress when the September explosion occurred at Launch Complex 40.
“With completion of the static fire test, our first launch has just gotten that much closer,” said Iridium CEO Matt Desch, in a statement Friday. “The Iridium team has been anxiously awaiting launch day, and we're now all the more excited to send those first ten Iridium NEXT satellites into orbit.”
The satellites are the first of 70 that SpaceX is contracted to launch for Iridium.
SpaceX on Jan. 2 announced its four-month investigation concluded that the explosion "likely" resulted from buckling in tanks that store gaseous helium, which is used to pressurize propellant tanks. Super-chilled liquid oxygen pooled in the buckles between the lining and a composite carbon overwrap covering the tanks, causing friction or breaking carbon fibers that ignited the oxygen.
The company said it would reconfigure its helium tanks and load the gas at a warmer temperature. Longer-term, the tanks will be redesigned.
The FAA, NASA, Air Force and National Transportation Safety Board assisted the investigation.
If the next flight goes well, SpaceX hopes to perform its first launch from Kennedy Space Center's pad 39A as soon as Jan. 26, launching a commercial communications satellite. Nearby Launch Complex 40 remains out of commission after the September accident.
That could be followed as soon as Feb. 8 with a launch of cargo to the International Space Station. NASA is conducting its own investigation into SpaceX's accident and expects to review findings with the company this month.
Atlas V assembled for launch
The first rocket slated to launch from Cape Canaveral this year is now standing vertical at Launch Complex 41.
United Launch Alliance on Thursday lifted an Atlas V booster into position inside the Vertical Integration Facility. The rocket's Centaur upper stage followed Friday.
The rocket is scheduled to lift of at 7:46 p.m. Jan. 19, at the opening of a 40-minute window, carrying the third in a series of U.S. missile warning satellites. The Space-Based Infrared System satellite called SBIRS GEO-3 is bound for a geosynchronous orbit 22,300 miles over the equator.
The mission is ULA's first of at least 11 planned in 2017, including seven from the Cape and four from California.
Range forecast for 2017
Air Force Col. Walt Jackim, vice commander of the 45th Space Wing, on Tuesday is expected to present a forecast for local launch activity in the year ahead.
Jackim is the featured speaker at the National Space Club Florida Committee's luncheon meeting at the Radisson Resort at the Port in Cape Canaveral. At the meeting, the club will present its Forrest S. McCartney National Defense Space Award for 2017 to the Air Force Capt. Joseph R. Dechert, flight mission lead for the 5th Space Launch Squadron at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Visit www.nscfl.org for more information.
Jackim on Wednesday will also be the featured speaker at the Titusville Area Chamber of Commerce's first membership business lunch of the year, to be held at Dixie Crossroads Seafood Restaurant.
Spacewalk on Friday
NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough on Friday is scheduled to perform their second spacewalk in a week outside the International Space Station, aiming to finish installing six new lithium-ion batteries.
This time, Kimbrough will team up with Thomas Pesquet of the European Space Agency, a first-time spacewalker. Kimbrough last Friday completed their fourth spacewalk, a six-hour and 32-minute excursion with NASA veteran Peggy Whitson, that started installing plates and hooking up electrical connections for the batteries.
NASA TV coverage begins at 7:05 a.m. Friday.
In other ISS news, NASA last week announced the assignments of veteran astronaut Drew Feustel and first-time flier Jeanette Epps to station crews flying next year.
Moon Express gets funding
Cape Canaveral-based Moon Express this week plans "a big announcement" about a new round of financing, CEO Bob Richards said.
Richards disclosed the news Thursday during a Webcast promoting the book "How to Make a Spaceship" by Julian Guthrie, about SpaceShipOne's successful 2004 bid to win the $10 million Ansari XPRIZE.
Moon Express is a contender to win the top prize in the $30 million Google Lunar XPRIZE, by landing a privately developed robotic lander on the lunar surface. Moon Express hopes to launch its first spacecraft to the moon before the end of the year from New Zealand, on Rocket Lab's new Electron rocket.
'Mass' visits Visitor Complex
Former NASA astronaut Mike Massimino on Tuesday afternoon will visit the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex on Tuesday for a presentation and signing of their memoir, “Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe.”
Now a mechanical engineering professor at Columbia University, Massimino flew on two shuttle missions servicing the Hubble Space Telescope, in 2002 and 2009. He's credited with being the first person to tweet from space. Visit www.kennedyspacecenter.com for details.
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow-on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace.
CLOSE Watch all of 2016's rocket launches from Florida's Space Coast.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2i1rjdJ
Born June 9, 1900 in Tyrone, PA
Fred Waring was best known as a bandleader who worked in film, radio and TV from the 1920s to the 1980s. Once called "the man who taught America to sing," Waring and their group, the Pennsylvanians, recorded more than 2,000 songs, including rock and spiritual hymns.
Besides their musical talents, Waring was an engineering whiz who perfected the device that became known as the Waring blender, which became a common appliance in American kitchens and earned them a fortune in royalties. A medical research version of the device, the Waring Aseptic Dispersal Blender, was used by Dr. Jonas Salk in developing the polio vaccine.
Waring was a musical pioneer, recording the first electronic music album, appearing in Hollywood's first talking pictures and starring in one of the first big movie musicals, "Syncopation."
Between 1940 and 1945, Waring's Pennsylvanians hosted the nation's most popular musical radio show. During that period they recorded a then-obscure Civil War period song called "Battle Hymn of the Republic" and made it a hit, and is thus credited with adding this standard patriotic song to the American repertoire.
In the late 1940s, Waring was the first bandleader to have their own TV show, which was carried five nights a week during prime time, although they never became a permanent media fixture like the younger Lawrence Welk.
The Pennsylvanians were known for their intricate sets and choreography and for the way Waring taught them to blend sounds and enunciate their words. They were a stickler for crystal-clear diction and demanded that their glee club sing each syllable of a song. They said they taught the same thing to their students at Penn State University workshops — "to relax their attacks on words and eliminate the ugly sounds when they can."
Waring turned to teaching later in life partly out of regret that younger generations didn't know much about their music. "The kids today are saying things dynamically but not emotionally. If a song is sentimental, why scream? After all, you don't get on a P.A. system and yell, 'I love you.' You whisper it in their ear."
They left TV in the 1950s to do road shows, traveling six months a year to 150 cities and dozens of colleges. Legions of loyal fans flocked to see their variety show, which offered clean, well-paced entertainment featuring Waring's wisecracks and shenanigans as well as their slick arrangements. The company was always neatly dressed, clean-shaven and full of smiles.
During the 1960s antiwar movement, Waring remained true-blue, belting out patriotic songs on their tours and even drawing giddy applause when they remarked about draft-resisters: "We don't get mad enough at these demonstrators at home. If they want to burn their draft cards, let them, but let's throw them on the fire too."
Over the years, the group starred on its own and accompanied some of the biggest names in entertainment, including Frank Sinatra, Bing Crosby, Hoagy Carmichael and Irving Berlin. There were often more than 70 singers and musicians on their tours. Although the band was smaller by the 1970s, they continued to work. They died barely 24 hours after their final performance, which was leading 220 teenagers in a concert concluding a two-week summer session at the Fred Waring Youth Choral Workshop at Penn State.
