Share. 15.6-inch display with a 3,840 x 2,160 resolution. 15.6-inch display with a 3,840 x 2,160 resolution.
At Computex, Asus announced the incredibly slim ROG GX500, boasting it as the "world's thinnest 15-inch gaming notebook." But Asus' new laptop is about more than design, it also happens to include a pixel-packing 4K display, as reported by AnandTech.
At 19mm thick, the GX500 is thinner than the sleek MSI GS60 Ghost gaming laptop, while slightly heavier than Apple's 15.4-inch MacBook Pro and MSI's offering at 2.2kg. Within the slim casing is an Intel Core i7 processor, an Nvidia GTX860M GPU, and a dual-fan setup to keep the system cool.
The 15.6-inch VisualMaster display packs a resolution of 3,840 x 2,160, trumping the 3,200 x 1,800 screens found on the latest Razer Blade. We ran into issues trying to run graphically intensive games on the GTX870M-equipped Blade at native resolution, so it will be interesting to see how the GX500 performs in the real world.
Pricing for the Asus ROG GX500 has yet to be announced, although the company expects to launch the ultra-thin gaming notebook during the third quarter of the year.
Justin is all about their family and their gadgets. Follow them on MyIGN or on Twitter at @ItsTheLingo.
“Deeply disturbing,” “heinous intellectual theft,” erosion of the “public's trust in medical research:” These are just a few words used to describe a rare type of plagiarism reported in this week's Annals of Internal Medicine.
Although we've only documented a few cases where peer reviewers steal material from manuscripts and pass them off as their own, it does happen, and it's a fear of many authors. What we've never seen is a plagiarized author publish a letter to the reviewer who stole their work. But after Michael Dansinger of Tufts Medical Center realized a paper he'd submitted to Annals of Internal Medicine that had been rejected was republished, and the journal recognized one of the reviewers among the list of co-authors, it published a letter from Dansinger to the reviewer, along with an editorial explaining what happened.
The letter and editorial identify the paper containing the stolen material — now retracted — but don't name the reviewer responsible. Still, the articles are deeply personal. As Dansinger writes in “Dear Plagiarist: A Letter to a Peer Reviewer Who Stole and Published Our Manuscript as Their Own,” the reviewer took much more than just a manuscript:
It took 5 years from conceptualization of the study to publication of the primary analysis (1). This study was my fellowship project and required a lot of work. It took effort to find the right research team, design the study, raise the funds, get approvals, recruit and create materials for study participants, run the diet classes, conduct the study visits, compile and analyze the study data, and write the initial report. The work was funded by the U.S. government and my academic institution. The secondary analysis that you reviewed for Annals used specialized methods that took my colleagues many years to develop and validate. In all, this body of research represents at least 4000 hours of work.
In “Scientific Misconduct Hurts,” Annals of Internal Medicine Editor-in-Chief Christine Laine identifies the “several layers of bold misconduct” that took place:
First, peer reviewers should maintain the confidentiality of the papers they review. They should refrain from using for their own purposes what they learn during peer review until the work is published and can be cited as the source of that information. Second, the reviewer blatantly plagiarized Dansinger and colleagues' work, reproducing almost verbatim the text, tables, and figures. Third, the reviewer fabricated a cohort of European patients that did not exist—a particularly egregious act that could have resulted in clinicians (unknowingly) basing decisions about patient care on fraudulent data. Fourth, the plagiarized article had many coauthors. These coauthors are also culpable. They allowed their names to be used, apparently without contributing anything of value—not even verification of the study's existence.
Laine includes some harsh words for the perpetrator:
My colleagues and I find it deeply disturbing that someone whom we selected to review a manuscript entrusted to us would commit such heinous intellectual theft.
One would have little idea of the backstory behind the retraction of “The improvement of large High-Density Lipoprotein (HDL) particle levels, and presumably HDL metabolism, depend on effects of low-carbohydrate diet and weight loss” based on the notice issued by EXCLI Journal, which eventually published the paper:
Dear editor, As corresponding author I ask for retraction of our article Finelli et al. (2016) with the consent of all co-authors, because of unauthorized reproduction of confidential content of another manuscript. The data in the retracted article actually are from a cohort of patients from the Boston, MA enrolled in a trial registered in ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02454127. We deeply regret these circumstances and apologize to the scientific community. Carmine Finelli, MD PhD
We've contacted first author Finelli — who is not identified as the perpetrator of the plagiarism — to find out more. Finelli responded:
…as corresponding Author of the paper in object, I had the responsibility for the plagiarism, independently from other circumstances.
Our co-founders Adam Marcus and Ivan Oransky — who write about this extraordinary retraction in STAT, calling it “a researcher's worst nightmare” — contacted Dansinger to find out why they chose not to identify the reviewer responsible. They told STAT:
My aim is to raise awareness in the scientific/academic community and general public that it is possible for peer reviewers to steal an entire manuscript and publish it as their own in an unsuspecting academic journal. I'm not looking to “tattle” on the perpetrator–doing so starts to look like revenge rather than achieving the more important objectives, and may even draw attention away from those objectives. The letter to be published in the Annals is a modified version of the letter I emailed directly to the lead author who responded with an apology in which they claimed sole responsibility and stated they were retracting the published article. They acknowledged that there is no satisfactory explanation for their behavior.
Dansinger explained they learned the manuscript had been plagiarized after searching for their name in academic papers, and the EXCLI Journal paper — published online in September — mentioned their name in the text while referring to their work.
I then contacted the Annals and they contacted the peer-reviewer/author and then EXCLI.
As we said, this type of plagiarism is rare — but not unheard of. Earlier this year, we discovered a 2009 retraction where a reviewer admitted to lifting material that ended up in Chemistry Letters. So it does happen.
As Laine concludes in their editorial:
If reading Dansinger's commentary prevents even 1 person from stealing another's work, something good will come from it.
Like Retraction Watch? Consider making a tax-deductible contribution to support our growth. You can also follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, add us to your RSS reader, sign up on our homepage for an email every time there's a new post, or subscribe to our daily digest. Click here to review our Comments Policy. For a sneak peek at what we're working on, click here.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Airport scanner row leaves angry doctor grounded as they claim machines may cause cancer
'Somebody will get cancer from those body scanners,' says consultant
A hospital consultant was grounded after they refused to go through a ‘naked' X-ray scanner at an airport, claiming it could give them cancer.
Tony Aguirre expected to be offered a traditional ‘pat-down' search instead.
But they were not allowed to board the plane from Manchester to Zurich and was escorted out of the airport by police.
Grounded: Dr Antonio Aguirre was patted down by airport security but was not allowed on the plane after they refused to go through the X-ray scanner
Mr Aguirre, an eye specialist at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary, said they were treated like a criminal because they were not prepared to accept a ‘radiation assault'.
They said: ‘X-rays are known to cause cancer and I think somebody will get cancer from this body scanner whether it's me or someone else.'
It is mandatory for passengers to go through the full body scanners at Manchester, Gatwick and Heathrow airports, and staff there have been told that anyone who refuses should not be allowed to board.
The X-ray device scans through clothes, creating an image of the naked body and revealing any hidden objects.
The UK's Health Protection Agency (HPA) insisted last year that the technology was safe because the exposure levels are so small. It has approved scanners for all passengers including mothers-to-be.
But recent studies have suggested that the ‘backscatter' X-rays used in scanners could produce 20 times as much radiation as first thought.
Mr Aguirre said: ‘The Government maintains it is just a low dose of radiation.
‘But even if it is a low dose, and not 20 times higher than first calculated, I don't want it because it is unnecessary. If it was necessary then a greater case could be made by the Government but since it isn't necessary I decline.'
Demeaning? Mr Aguirre said the body scanners at Manchester Airport were 'undignified'
Mr Aguirre, who is originally from Spain, said the process was demeaning and undignified.
They said: ‘You shouldn't be forced to expose yourself, and it raises moral and dignity issues.'
They pointed out that passengers in the U.S. may exercise their right to ‘opt out' of a full body scan.
Mr Aguirre was flying to treat patients in Switzerland, and their wife had to book them another flight to Zurich.
They went from Liverpool where the scanners are not used.
EasyJet in Manchester refused to refund their £58.98 ticket after they were grounded.
Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam was the first airport to implement the scanners in 2007.
The officials analysing the X-rays are usually in a different room and are not supposed to be able to see the passengers being scanned, although they are in touch with security staff.
Various Muslim groups and some Islamic scholars have forbidden Muslim travellers to pass through full body scanners on the grounds that they violate religious laws.
Last year two Muslim women who refused to be scanned on religious grounds were barred from a flight to Pakistan. The Italian government had planned to install full body scanners at all airports and train stations but removed them from airports, calling them ‘slow and ineffective'.
More than 221million passengers passed through airports in the UK during 2009.
An MV-22 Osprey lands on the flight deck of the amphibious assault ship USS Bonhomme Richard during forward deployment in the East China Sea, March 14, 2013.
CAMP FOSTER, Okinawa — The Okinawa government has asked Tokyo to halt the planned deployment of a second squadron of U.S. Marine Corps Osprey aircraft to the island.
Okinawa Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima made the plea to Minister of Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida on Monday and planned to meet with Japan's defense minister Tuesday during a visit to the capital.
The Marine Corps confirmed last month that another dozen MV-22 tilt-rotor aircraft will arrive for testing at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni near Hiroshima at the end of July. From there, the Ospreys will be permanently deployed to Okinawa, where the arrival of a squadron last fall sparked months of protests over safety concerns.
Nakaima told Kishida that the local concerns about the aircraft's safety have not yet been addressed, according to a spokesperson for the prefectural government's military affairs office.
The Osprey deployment is part of a global upgrade of the Marine Corps fleet. The high-tech hybrid aircraft can fly farther and carry more cargo than the service's Vietnam-era dual rotor helicopters.
The Osprey's role in the Pacific was touted earlier this year by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. Japan's Ministry of Defense said this week the MV-22s on Okinawa have helped shore up security in the region.
“Its deployment to Okinawa will strengthen the deterrence of the U.S. Forces Japan as a whole and greatly contribute to the peace and stability of the region,” according to the ministry's White Paper, an annual assessment of the nation's security published Tuesday.
But the Osprey's public reputation in Japan — especially on Okinawa — was sullied by deadly crashes during the aircraft's early development and recent global operations.
Early last year, two Marines were killed in an Osprey crash in Africa, and Air Force crew members were injured in a Florida crash.
Japan and the United States conducted independent safety investigations into the incidents. Both blamed crew errors, not faulty machinery. The Marine Corps has repeatedly said the Osprey is among its safest aircraft.
It is unclear if Okinawa's request to abandon the upcoming deployment will affect on the U.S.-Japan plans. After completing the safety studies, the two allies proceeded with the deployment last summer despite a similar request from the island, which hosts the majority of U.S. forces stationed in Japan.
The move triggered protests in October that threatened to close down the air station, along with months of vigils by opponents.
For now, the Marine Corps said it is uncertain when Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 262, the Flying Tigers, may arrive on Okinawa. Last year, testing at the Iwakuni base took about two months.
tritten.travis@stripes.com
sumida.chiyomi@stripes.com
I'm "only" 6 years into my career but already worked with a dozen languages. While there are some obvious distinctions (like elixir being a better fit for concurrent systems or some being statically typed while some are not), most of them are very similar. For corporate projects I usually comply to whatever language the system is already written in and adapt to that, but if I were to start a new project now, I wouldn't be sure which language is the right choice. Here are some of the languages I used for projects in the past: - Go - Clojure - Elixir - Ruby - Python - Java - NodeJS - PHP / Hack How are you deciding which language to pick when starting from scratch? (On a similar note, the same thing could be asked for client side code: JS, TypeScript, ClojureScript, PureScript, ES6 / Babel, Coffee, etc)
Conservative Republicans who believe President Barack Obama is a Muslim have more than doubled since 2008, according to a survey on religion and politics released on Thursday.
The Pew Research Center found that 34 percent of conservative Republicans now believe Obama, who is a Christian, is actually a Muslim, compared with the 16 percent that believed that in 2008. When moderate and liberal Republicans are included, the number who believed that the president a Muslim still nearly doubled from 16 percent in 2008 to 30 percent in 2012.
Among all voters, only 49 percent were able to correctly identify that the president is a Christian.
Sixty-five percent of those who incorrectly believed Obama is a Muslim were not comfortable with their religion. However, voters who knew that they are a Christian said they were comfortable with their religion by a margin of 82 percent to 12 percent.
At the same time, the number of voters who could correctly identify that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is a Mormon had increased from 48 percent in November of 2011 to 60 percent in July of this year.
Seventy-five percent of Republicans who knew that Romney is a Mormon were comfortable with their religion, although only 50 percent of all voters believed Mormons are Christians. Sixty-seven percent of atheists identified Mormons as Christians, while only 33 percent of black Protestants and 43 percent of white evangelicals agreed with that assertion.
Photo: Flickr/The White House
Another superb CD by Nicole, I would give it 10 stars if I could. The songs are nicely arranged and produced and their voice simply gives you chills. There is also excellent song diversification on this CD from the upbeat "Listen Up" to the the haunting "A Night of Serious Drinking". All songs truly highlight Nicole's unique and powerful voice as well as their exceptional talent as a songwriter. This is clearly a very personal CD and ranks among their best. I also highly recommend checking them out live as jaws are always on the floor given how much feeling they put into their singing. They effortlessly transition from an incredibly powerful voice to one that can be very soft and delicate with a a vibrato that is magical and hypnotic. It is really not easy to pick a favorite tune, which is a hallmark of a great CD, I really do love "Colors", "I Love Living Here" and "A Dream Without Pain". Also, check out their videos on YouTube. While not yet released on a CD, my favorite song by Nicole is called "Promised Land" and can be found on YouTube. Looking forward to seeing Nicole perform at the Mercury Lounge in NYC on Sept. 9th. In a nutshell, I can't stop listening to this CD!
Rob White, Deputy Managing Director (technical) comments on the sounds of the new V6 turbo Power Unit:
‘‘The sound of the engine is the sum of three principal components, exhaust, intake and mechanical noise. On fired engines, exhaust noise dominates, but the other two sources are not trivial and would be loud if the exhaust noise was suppressed and contribute to the perceived sound of the engines in the car.
All three sources are still present on the V6. At the outset, there is more energy in each combustion event but there are fewer cylinders turning at lower speed and both intake and exhaust noise are attenuated by the turbo. Overall, the sound pressure level (so the perceived volume) is lower and the nature of the sound reflects the new architecture.
The car will still accelerate and decelerate rapidly, with instant gearshifts. The engines remain high revving, ultra high output competition engines. Fundamentally the engine noise will still be loud. It will wake you from sleep, and circuit neighbours will still complain. The engine noise is just a turbocharged noise rather than a normally aspirated noise: you can just hear the turbo when the driver lifts off the throttle and the engine speed drops.
I am sure some people will be nostalgic for the sound of engines from previous eras, including the preceding V8, but the sound of the new generation Power Units is just different. It's like asking whether you like Motorhead or AC/DC. Ultimately it is a matter of personal taste. Both in concert are still pretty loud.''
Loughborough University angered students with its event (Picture: Google Street View)
Students have been left furious at a ‘slave night' event at a university, which encouraged them to ‘buy other people'.
The event was included in the freshers timetable for new students at Loughborough University's Faraday Hall.
Coward, 25, left son and girlfriend in overturned car after crashing in police chase
Several students claimed they found the name offensive and complained to vice-chancellor Robert Allison.
‘Faraday Hall on the campus was going to hold an event called “Slave Night” where people would go along dressed as slaves and buy other people,' one second year civil engineering student said.
‘I'm black and from Africa and I complained to Faraday Hall without anything happening. Eventually I contacted the vice-chancellor and they got it stopped.
‘This has caused a lot of disgust among the ethnic minority students.'
Other students shared their anger on Twitter.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Twitter user @Kelila-Jade said: ‘This is disgusting. Completely and utterly disgusted with them.'
But red-faced Faraday Freshers 2017 apologised on Facebook and admitted the name was ‘unacceptable' and ‘racist'.
Pair 'murdered missing woman and claimed their benefits'
It posted: ‘Faraday Hall would like to offer our sincere apologies after we inappropriately named our Freshers event.
‘”Slave Night' is an unacceptable and racist title. As a committee we are deeply saddened to realise that we have caused offence and regret that entirely.'
‘We take full responsibility for our actions and have removed the original timetable. We will be renaming the event to something more appropriate.
‘We apologise to everyone that we have offended or isolated in continuing the tradition of this night.
Lonely paedophile is allowed to befriend fellow sex offender because they feel isolated
‘Faraday will be working with LSU Welfare & Diversity and hopefully the Ethnic Minorities Network to develop diversity training for hall committees in regards to Freshers to ensure this is completely avoided in the future.
‘We are truly sorry for our actions and are seeking further education and training surrounding this issue.'
A spokesperson for Loughborough Students' Union told the Guardian: ‘This type of event is not appropriate and has no place at the university.
‘It was not a students' union event. Working with the university, we will sit down with students on their return and explore why this event was proposed and what we need to do better in the future so that this does not happen again.'
The event has been cancelled. The University and @LoughboroughSU are carrying out an immediate investigation. — Loughborough Uni (@lborouniversity) September 14, 2017
Loughborough University sent out a tweet, which is thought to refer to the ‘slave night' event.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The tweet said: ‘The event has been cancelled. The University and
@LoughboroughSU are carrying out an immediate investigation.'
Richard Taylor, Loughborough University's Chief Operating Officer, said: ‘This type of event is not appropriate and has no place at the University.
‘Working with the Students' Union, the University will sit down with students on their return and explore why this event was proposed and what we need to do better in the future so that this does not happen again.'
ANN ARBOR, MI—Spokespersons for the Global Socialist League, an Ann Arbor-based radical socialist organization, announced Tuesday that the group is disbanding due to a lack of funds, ending its three-semester struggle to smash the bulwarks of slavery and oppression everywhere.
Founded by University of Michigan junior Kate Barlow in September 1996 as a campus-based revolutionary strike force dedicated to establish a worldwide dictatorship of the proletariat, the GSL made the decision to disband after learning it had dropped below the five-member minimum required by the university for student-organization funding.
Advertisement
"We were really starting to get the word out about AmeriKKKa's exploitation of migrant labor, the silencing of Mumia Abu-Jamal, and the Clinton regime's reign of fascist terror in Central America," said Barlow, GSL chairperson and a creative-writing major. "But then Craig dropped out because their dad threatened to stop paying their tuition if they didn't get their grades up, and Doug decided to spend junior year abroad in England."
"After three glorious semesters of struggle, we have chosen to pursue even more subversive socialist endeavors in the radical Ann Arbor underground while working at a variety of part-time jobs during the day," GSL Minister of Information Chad Saunders said.
Saunders cited their recent acquisition of a personal computer as a major factor in their own decreased involvement with the radical group.
Advertisement
"I just bought this game called Warcraft II: Tides Of Darkness. It's amazing," Saunders said. "You can be orcs or humans, and you build up these castles and armies and battle to the death. Last night, I almost constructed an Altar Of Storms, but then Jeff attacked with their dragons and totally destroyed me."
Ann Arbor-area capitalists were excited by the news of the Global Socialist League's breakup. "Chad never picked up any extra shifts because of all the meetings they had for that club they were in," said Bob Jorgensen, manager of the downtown Ann Arbor Starbuck's Coffee where Saunders works. "Hopefully, he'll be able to take some extra weekend hours now, since they don't have to sell those newspapers anymore."
Much like the Zapatista rebels currently fighting the Mexican government for social justice in the state of Chiapas, the Global Socialist League faced persecution from University of Michigan authorities.
Advertisement
"We tried to staple up notices in the Union for a rally protesting the CIA's secret war against migrant laborers in California," GSL Minister of Postering Greg Thornberg said. "But this guy from the Union info desk came over and told us we had to get permission first. They will be the first against the wall when the revolution comes."
The group suffered another setback when financial support for its newsletter, ¡Revolt!, fell through.
"This guy I know named Pat was going to lend us $40 to print 200 copies, but then they wound up spending the money on Widespread Panic tickets," Thornberg said. "So after that, we decided to print just 50 copies, but the guy at Kinko's said if we printed that few, the price per copy would be twice as much. So we were like, 'Forget it, man, we can't swing it.'"
Advertisement
Assessments of the Global Socialist League's legacy are mixed. "Kate Barlow combined an adequate knowledge of The Communist Manifesto with an ability to shout anti-U.S. slogans on street corners without embarrassment, making them an effective campus socialist leader," Michigan political-science professor R. Jonathan Cooper said. "However, the Global Socialist League's inability to deliver meeting times and other event listings to the campus newspaper before deadline seriously hampered its efforts to overthrow the extant capitalist order of the United States."
While the Global Socialist League is no more, Barlow said the group's dissolution is only a temporary setback on the inevitable march of the human race toward a state of communistic utopia.
"I feel just like Lenin in 1917, when they lived in exile in Switzerland," Barlow said. "Not long after, they returned to Russia and toppled the Provisional Government, establishing Bolshevik control over the country in just six months."
Advertisement
Barlow said they have worked out a similar plan to overthrow the racist, imperialist U.S. government with a series of massive labor strikes and agitation campaigns among urban poor. They were unable to provide specifics, however, as they were late for their shift at Einstein's Bagels.
The sun rose Wednesday, and it was instantly apparent the Wild's season indeed ended hours earlier. There was no practice, no flight to Chicago, no team meal, no work to do to prepare for a Game 7 that could propel the franchise into the second conference final in Wild history.
The roller coaster of a season stopped suddenly when that puck off a partition found the blade of big-game star Patrick Kane.
“Our guys did everything that we asked and they laid it on the line, and that's what hurts,” coach Mike Yeo said after the Wild's 2-1 overtime loss to the Blackhawks in Game 6. “That's what's hard.”
No doubt, the loss and season's completion stung everybody involved. But after Yeo and General Manager Chuck Fletcher decompress, they'll prepare for next season.
Yes, Yeo. Their contract expires with the rest of the coaching staff's on June 30, but Yeo is expected to stay on. A conversation with Fletcher hadn't occurred by Wednesday afternoon, but they are expected to meet with Yeo about a multiyear contract extension.
Erik Haula's game took flight this spring. After scoring six goals in 46 regular-season games, they had four goals in 13 playoff games. That tied for the team lead.
The Wild earned a lot of respect this postseason by upsetting Central Division champion Colorado and going toe-to-toe with the defending Stanley Cup champion Blackhawks.
The team has a solid foundation. There's a strong corps of leaders, demonstrated when Mikko Koivu, Zach Parise and Ryan Suter took charge during an off-day in Arizona in March when the season was on the precipice. They met with every player individually and subsequently held an all-hands-on-deck team meeting before the Wild reeled off a 6-0-1 run to save its season.
The youngsters performed admirably. Mikael Granlund had a breakthrough regular season and Nino Niederreiter a breakthrough postseason. Charlie Coyle was a thoroughbred down the stretch and in the first round before courageously playing with two separated shoulders in the second round. Erik Haula came of age this postseason, too.
Experienced but young defensemen Marco Scandella and Jared Spurgeon took their games to new levels, and despite season-long ups and downs, mobile blue-liner Jonas Brodin reminded us on Tuesday just how much the 20-year-old makes the Wild's transition game motor.
Maybe the most impressive thing Yeo and their staff achieved this year was helping the Wild manage through a never-ending goaltending carousel.
The Wild had four goalies hold the No. 1 role at different times. Niklas Backstrom never was healthy, but Josh Harding, Darcy Kuemper and Ilya Bryzgalov all performed solidly. The common denominator? All three were protected impressively by the players in front of them executing Yeo's defensive structure and game plan.
There is no simple solution as to how to fix this goaltending quandary, so this must be priority No. 1 for Fletcher during an offseason that could be complicated.
Yeo supported
As fun as it was to watch the Wild grow down the stretch, the same could be said for Yeo, the NHL's youngest coach at age 40. Around Jan. 1, they appeared inches from the chopping block. But Yeo helped lift the Wild out of a six-game losing streak, going 14-4-2 during a juncture when in part Parise, Koivu, Spurgeon and Harding were all sidelined at the same time.
The Wild secured the top wild-card spot in the West, rallied from 0-2 and 2-3 deficits in the first round to beat Colorado and again tried to pull it off in the second round against Chicago after falling down 0-2.
“There were times where the wheels could've come off and [Yeo] kept it together,” Suter said Tuesday night.
Goalie instability
The Wild somehow made it to the second round despite using five starting goalies, none of whom appeared in more than 29 regular-season games.
Backstrom is coming off their second consecutive season-ending abdominal surgery. They have two more years left on their contract at nearly $3.5 million annually.
The Wild cannot use its final compliance buyout on Backstrom because they were re-signed under the new collective bargaining agreement, not the pre-lockout one. It cannot use a regular buyout on them because injured players cannot be bought out.
If they chose to retire, the Wild would be on the hook for their full cap hit. The Wild likely will try to trade them and be willing to eat part of the contract, but that won't be easy considering he's an aging goalie, one who has had myriad injuries the past five years, with a modified no-trade clause.
Tough situation
Harding, who was 18-7-3 in the first half with a league-leading 1.65 goals-against average and .933 save percentage, did not play after Dec. 31 because multiple sclerosis sidelined them long-term for the second consecutive season. They have one more year left on their contract at $1.9 million.
Last summer, Fletcher sat down with Harding for a heart-to-heart talk. That will have to happen again. As delicate a situation as this is because of Harding's real-life medical issue, it's extremely difficult for Fletcher to proceed with business as usual with Harding's situation being so unstable.
Last month, Harding made clear that retirement had not entered their thinking.
Kuemper, who helped save the Wild's season in the second half, is a restricted free agent who likely will command a one-way contract.
As of now, that's three goalies on one-way contracts, meaning until Fletcher figures out this conundrum, they cannot simply re-sign Bryzgalov or sign another goalie.
Ironing out the roster
Thomas Vanek this, Thomas Vanek that. As free agency approaches July 1, #vanekwatch will be in high gear as many expect the Wild will sign another veteran with Minnesota ties.
Vanek, traded from Buffalo to the Islanders to Montreal this year, is a former Gophers star who lives in Stillwater. He's a bona fide goal scorer. But he's also 30, so Fletcher must analyze whether it's worth signing another thirtysomething to a long-term deal (whether it be Vanek or somebody else) when Parise, Koivu and Jason Pominville are already veterans secured long-term.
Koivu, who had ankle surgery this year, was one of the highest-scoring NHLers down the stretch, but they aren't productive for a second consecutive postseason and is clearly slowing down. Because of that, and because of the emergence of Granlund and Haula, some question whether Fletcher would even consider trading Koivu, who has four years left on their deal at $6.75 million per. Koivu has a no-trade clause. Pominville, the Wild's top goal scorer in the regular season, scored twice in the postseason and particularly struggled in the second round.
Salary cap issues
Fletcher must also make sure in the salary-cap world that they can afford their kids. Niederreiter, Kuemper, Justin Fontaine and Jason Zucker are all due to be re-signed this summer, while Granlund, Coyle, Haula, Brodin and Scandella also are set to be restricted free agents next summer.
But, the Wild ranked 24th offensively during the regular season and likely would be playing a Game 7 Thursday had it not demonstrated yet again in Game 5 and 6 that it has trouble finishing.
It'll be hard for Fletcher to weigh.
Maybe the Wild decides another defenseman is the best place to spend its money. Maybe it's goaltending.
The decision-making process is far from crystal clear.
Regardless, this process will start soon — after the disappointment of a season abruptly ending subsides.
“Those guys are the champs, and we felt we were right there with them,” Parise said after Tuesday's game. “I think for us, we feel like we were just as good as anybody. We raised the expectations. I think we showed we were capable of going even farther than we did.”
Republican nominee Donald Trump turned to a familiar target — the media — as they try to minimize the damage from their comments Tuesday that “Second Amendment people” could stop Hillary Clinton from appointing Supreme Court justices.
Like many times before, Trump ― in interviews and on Twitter ― tried to quell rising public alarm over something they said by claiming the media got their message wrong. They maintained they said nothing to a North Carolina audience that encouraged violence if Clinton were to win the election. Instead, Trump insisted their off-the-cuff remark was meant to refer to the organizing and voting power of gun owners.
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2016
Blaming journalists for using their words against them is one of Trump's favorite damage-control tactics. It's an excuse he's trotted out repeatedly throughout the campaign season.
The media, of course, aren't only the ones to get blamed for problems that Trump sees. He's singled out fellow Republicans for “why the world is a mess,” fire marshals for low attendance at their rallies and cellphone company T-Mobile for “terrible service.”
But when their own statements come back to haunt him, Trump often complains of unfairness in news coverage. Here's a guide to some, but certainly not all, of the occasions Trump has criticized the press during the campaign.
ASSOCIATED PRESS
The time they tweeted a six-pointed star.
Trump endured accusations of anti-Semitism in July after tweeting an image of Hillary Clinton in front of piles of money alongside a six-pointed star containing the words “Most corrupt candidate ever.”
If Trump were to be believed, the image that apparently originated on a white supremacist website actually depicted a sheriff's badge. It was the “dishonest' media's fault, they said, for noting the similarities to the Star of David.
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016
They invited Mike Tyson to the Republican Convention.
The idea of giving a speaking role to former boxing champion and convicted sex offender Mike Tyson at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland didn't sit well with many after Bloomberg reported the alleged invitation.
Trump, who has accepted Tyson's endorsement and publicly defended them after their 1992 rape conviction, denied asking them to give a speech. “The media makes everything up,” Trump tweeted.
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure they would do a good job if they are. The media makes everything up! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2016
They responded to the Orlando nightclub shooting with a call to arms.
The mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, where a lone gunman killed 49 people and wounded dozens more, could have been prevented, Trump said in June, if more people had been armed.
“If we had people, where the bullets were going in the opposite direction, right smack between the eyes of this mania,” Trump said at a rally. “If some of those wonderful people had guns strapped right here, right to their waist or right to their ankle and this son of a bitch comes out and starts shooting and one of the people in that room happened to have it and goes boom. You know what, that would have been a beautiful, beautiful sight, folks.”
No less than National Rifle Association head Wayne LaPierre disagreed with Trump's idea of mixing firearms with alcohol at a club.
After the NRA rebuke, Trump walked back their statement and said he'd merely suggested hiring additional armed staff.
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 20, 2016
They labeled a U.S.-born federal judge as “Mexican.”
ASSOCIATED PRESS U.S. District Court shows Judge Gonzalo Curiel
Trump repeatedly criticized Indiana-born U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who's presiding over a class-action lawsuit against Trump and their defunct Trump University. Trump said they couldn't expect a fair trial from Curiel because “he's a Mexican” and urged them to recuse themselves from the case. Trump said they suspected their anti-immigration views would prevent the judge from being impartial.
In interviews that followed, Trump doubled down on the racially charged rhetoric. Ultimately, however, they released a statement claiming that their comments had been misinterpreted. “It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage,” they said.
This statement actually contained a double-helping of news media criticism. They also said the press had distorted the perception of Trump University. Former attendees allege they'd been swindled by paying thousands for worthless programs.
“Over the past few weeks, I have watched as the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing litigation involving Trump University,” Trump said in their statement. “There are several important facts the public should know and that the media has failed to report.”
They promised charitable donations to veterans' groups.
Instead of attending a Republican debate in January moderated by Fox News, Trump scheduled a fundraiser for military veterans (an event that came to be because of their months-long campaign of criticism against Fox News host Megyn Kelly). Trump hailed the fundraiser as a success, saying it raised $6 million for charities.
They faced persistent questioning from reporters, however, because they refused to document how the money had been donated. In May, they held a press conference in New York, where they itemized the charitable contributions. But they also launched one of their strongest attacks against the press, singling out reporters for personal insults.
“I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good job,” Trump said. “The press should be ashamed of themselves.”
They said women should be punished for having abortions.
During an interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews in March, Trump said “there has to be some form of punishment” for abortion. When Matthews asked them if women who have abortions should be punished, Trump said “yeah.”
But according to Trump, Matthews had confused him. “This was a long, convoluted question,” they said afterward on the friendly airwaves of Fox News. “This was a long discussion and they just cut it out.”
Matthews' questions appear straightforward as shown in a clip from the segment below.
They wanted more credit for losing the Iowa caucus.
After finishing second to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in January's Republican caucus in Iowa, Trump argued that they didn't get enough credit for their showing. “The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly,” they tweeted. “Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!”
They seem undecided on whether Sen. John McCain is a war hero.
The reality star was only a month into their unlikely quest for the presidency in July 2015 when they disparaged McCain's record during the Vietnam War. McCain, now a Republican Arizona senator, was tortured and imprisoned in North Vietnam for more than five years after their plane was shot down.
“He's a war hero because they were captured,” Trump said at the Family Leadership Council in Iowa. “I like people who weren't captured.”
The comments prompted a backlash, but Trump said that they'd been mischaracterized by the media.
“The next sentence was, ‘He is a war hero.' I said that, but they never want to play it,” Trump said in one interview.
WASHINGTON -- Republican efforts to punish the Internal Revenue Service for its alleged partisan targeting of political social welfare groups may have accidentally produced several revelations this month, including how poorly the IRS enforces its rules, how many of those groups actually want to ignore those rules, and how much it really is all about Karl Rove.
Last year, the IRS was found to have singled out a number of political nonprofits for additional scrutiny, improperly flagging the organizations, many of which were Tea Party groups, based on their names. Democrats -- who agree that the IRS bungled its selection process -- pointed to last week's Ways and Means Committee vote for a criminal prosecution of Lois Lerner, the former head of the IRS Exempt Organization division, as evidence of the importance of the Rove-launched American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS, which latter group Lerner named in emails as an organization the IRS should consider denying tax-exempt status.
For instance, in Chairman Dave Camp's (R-Mich.) 97-page report making the case for prosecution of Lerner, several conservative groups are mentioned, but only one gets explained in detail -- Crossroads.
In a closed-door debate last week on whether to send that report to the Department of Justice, Democrats tried to press the Crossroads point with the only witness called to answer questions, the Republican committee staff director, Mark Epley. But Camp didn't let Epley answer, according to a transcript eventually released by the committee.
"Did Ms. Lerner have proper cause to deliberate on the Crossroads application?" Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-N.J.) asked Epley.
"I am sorry?" Epley said, before referring Pascrell back to the report, and forcing the member of congress to ask again.
"Did they have reason to do that, Mr. Epley?" Pascrell pressed, before Camp cut them off, declaring, "Time has expired."
"Well, can't they even answer the question?" Pascrell protested.
"We have been answering questions for several hours now. Time has expired," Camp said. "I have been very generous with the clock."
"Baloney," Pascrell said.
Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) argued that for all the report sought action on Lerner, Camp's highlighting of one group was a clue as to what really set off the showdown.
"When you say it is about Lois Lerner and whether they have violated federal law, it is also about ... Crossroads GPS, which is throughout this, and Karl Rove," Doggett said, according to the transcript. They later told reporters that Camp's report might as well be called the Karl Rove letter.
Camp noted that several other groups were mentioned, albeit briefly.
But there is a reason Lerner had such concern about Crossroads GPS, regardless of how they and the IRS handled it.
The outfit is organized as a "social welfare" group under section 501(c)(4) of the internal revenue code. Such groups are supposed to be exclusively devoted to doing good, although the tax agency has defined that to mean only that they must be primarily devoted to social welfare. And by "primarily," the agency has further watered down the prohibition against doing politics to mean that politicking must comprise less than half an organization's activity.
Crossroads GPS raised some $200 million in the 2012 election cycle, and spent at least $145 million on television advertising, blanketing viewers with "issue" and political ads. The group was by far the biggest spender of partially disclosed or undisclosed "dark money" in the election.
Camp's report revealed, apparently for the first time, that Lerner was alarmed Crossroads hadn't been flagged for an audit over the course of two separate reviews, even though 25 complaints had been filed against it since 2010 and it was clear from press reports that the group was spending heavily on elections.
"I reviewed the information last night and thought the allegations in the documents were really damning, so wondered why we hadn't done something with the org," Lerner told an examination official in a Texas office early last year, according to an email included the report.
They were seeking information -- well after the alleged targeting began -- ahead of a meeting with two watchdog groups that were seeking answers, and which had filed complaints against Crossroads.
The GOP's report cites IRS rules against an official like Lerner interfering in ongoing reviews, and says that's what they were doing by asking an examination official about Crossroads -- and by letting on that they would like to deny the group tax-exempt status.
While Republicans expressed outrage that Lerner would be interested in denying Crossroads its tax breaks, the watchdogs who filed many of the complaints, the Campaign Legal Center and Democracy 21, say they were simply doing their job. They point to an opinion by lawyers at the Federal Election Commission who deemed Crossroads to be a political organization. (The FEC is evenly divided between Republicans and Democrats, and they have deadlocked over taking action on the lawyers' recommendation.)
Still, if Lerner was "targeting" Crossroads, then so was the FEC, which got a formal complaint about the group from Public Citizen, said CLC senior counsel Paul S. Ryan in an interview with HuffPost.
"One of the things that really struck me as odd is that Republicans on the Ways and Means Committee were critical of Lois Lerner for looking at Crossroads GPS as if that were a bad thing, when in my opinion, that is their job," Ryan said.
They also found it odd that Camp's report claims Lerner was "targeting" Crossroads on the grounds that they did not seek similar treatment of the Democratic-aligned social welfare group Priorities USA, which CLC also complained about to the IRS.
"We filed our complaint after each of these two groups were formed, early on," Ryan said.
"As a factual matter, Crossroads GPS went on to spend $85 million, while Priorities never really got off the ground," they added, referring only to spending that Crossroads reported to the FEC, not its entire portfolio of disclosed and undisclosed ad expenditures.
The fact that Crossroads still has its tax break in spite of all the complaints and activities revealed in Camp's report suggests not targeting, but rather an agency that does not enforce its own rules, even in the case of the single largest spender of dark money in the last two elections.
"From the 30,000-foot view, this group looks to the Campaign Legal Center like a group that was formed to influence elections and avoid disclosure," Ryan said, noting that a prime benefit of retaining 501(c)(4) status is that such groups do not have to disclose their donors.
The GOP push to punish the IRS also recently revealed how alluring the idea of becoming another unchecked Crossroads-style group is to other conservative groups. According to testimony by IRS Commissioner John Koskinen at the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the agency offered all of the would-be 501(c)(4)s awaiting approval for tax-exempt status an easy way to earn their tax break. They simply had to promise that politics would account for no more than 40 percent of their activities. Several dozen of the groups agreed. But 19 of them refused.
Paul Blumenthal contributed reporting.
This undated handout photo released on August 1, 2017 by the enviromental watchdog Global Witness shows trees illegally logged in the back of a truck on New Hanover Island, part of the Bismarck Archipelago of Papua New Guinea
ADVERTISING Read more
Port Moresby (AFP)
American consumers may be fuelling logging linked to illegal land grabs in Papua New Guinea which have devastated local communities and the world's third largest tropical rain forest, Global Witness said Tuesday.
Timber logged in the impoverished Pacific nation is exported to manufacturing hubs, mostly in China, before being sent to other countries such as the United States as wooden flooring and other commercial products in a multi-billion dollar trade.
But Global Witness claimed about one-third of PNG timber in recent years came from land stolen from locals by the government and given to loggers. It said US firms could be violating American law if they fail to check the wood's legality.
"US consumers may be unwittingly fuelling what is one of the biggest land grabs in modern history," the NGO said in a statement after releasing its "Stained Trade" report based on a three-year investigation.
The activist group estimated that Chinese sales of wood products to the US were worth some $15 billion annually.
"The US Lacey Act bans the import of illegal wood. However, Global Witness found wood from PNG readily available on US markets in the form of flooring manufactured in China," it said.
Global Witness said US retail giant Home Depot's supplier Home Legend stopped selling hardwood flooring that contained PNG timber after they were informed of the findings.
It added that major Chinese flooring seller Nature Home was placing a "pause on new procurement" for the US market as it reviewed sourcing procedures.
But some of the other US companies which were contacted about the investigation did not respond, Global Witness said.
As part of its 2014-16 probe, the organisation interviewed dozens of people from local communities -- who rely on the forests as sources of food, water and medicine -- and who said they had lost their land to loggers.
"Tens of thousands of people have been affected," said campaign leader Rick Jacobsen, who claimed many who tried to speak out had been threatened, arrested or beaten.
Landowner-turned-activist Paul Pavol said such land was their community's "food and water, protein, building materials, medicines, beauty, warmth, and everything else", but that changed when logging machines were brought there in 2010.
"There were police officers on the barge... We were the first people to go up there and tell them, 'No, stop this!' When I see ships taking my logs away, I honestly cry.
"That's the reason we raise our voices. Something's got to be done to save our forest."
The PNG government has rejected previous allegations that logging was taking place on illegally obtained land.
© 2017 AFP
With OpsDash, you can quickly start monitoring Apache, and get instant insight into key metrics. OpsDash dashboards come pre-configured, setup to monitor the most important Apache metrics. No messing around with individual metrics, figuring out which of them are important, no editing graph templates.
Apache log monitoring is included in the OpsDash agent. The agent will gather and report metrics like "Requests Per Second" and "Unique User Agents Per Second" from the access logs that it finds on the system, without any manual configuration. It can also gather and report metrics for individual virtual host log files that you specify.
Here's how OpsDash's curated dashboards come out of the box:
OpsDash Apache dashboard comes out the box with these graphs:
Response Codes - The number of 2xx, 3xx, 4xx and 5xx response codes per second.
- The number of 2xx, 3xx, 4xx and 5xx response codes per second. Requests Per Second - The number of overall HTTP requests per second.
- The number of overall HTTP requests per second. Unique IPs Per Second - The number of unique IP addresses that hit the server each second.
- The number of unique IP addresses that hit the server each second. Unique User Agents Per Second - The number of unique user agent strings per second.
- The number of unique user agent strings per second. Data Sent Per Second - The size of the HTTP response data sent each second, in bytes.
You'll want to set warning and critical upper limits for these metrics so that you can identify and address emerging issues before they bite. You can quickly setup your alerts in OpsDash and send notifications by Slack, Hipchat, OpsGenie, PagerDuty or Email.
Learn More:
New here?
OpsDash is a comprehensive solution for server monitoring, service monitoring, database monitoring and application metrics monitoring. You can use OpsDash for monitoring MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, memcache, Redis, Apache, Nginx, Elasticsearch and more. It provides intelligent, customizable dashboards and spam-free alerting via email, HipChat, Slack, PagerDuty, OpsGenie, VictorOps and Webhooks. Send in your custom metrics with StatsD and Graphite interfaces built into each agent.
Today is a big day for Randy Blythe and Lamb Of God. After being arrested in the Czech Republic this past summer, detained for five weeks and then released on 400,000 dollars bail, Randy Blythe is back in a Czech court day for the beginning of their trial.  They are being charged with what amounts to involuntary manslaughter, on allegations that they pushed a fan at a 2010 show in Prague, and the fan suffered injuries from that push that eventually led to their death. Any footage released from the show does not show the incident.
Blythe was sporting a shorter haircut, and a suit in photos taken by the Czech media. In addition to a possible jail sentence, the family of the deceased fan is seeking 10 million Czech Korunas — which rounds up to $530,000 U.S., no small sum of money at all, and according to Blythe's lawyers, that's over two years of Blythe's income.
Before the trial, Blythe posted this photo and message on Instagram:
And so it begins. I am calm & prepared. Everyone, thanks for your good thoughts and prayers. Have a nice day, y'all!
Blythe isn't the only Lamb of God member in the Czech Repbulic, as drummer Chris Adler was also there and took the stand according to a Czech Report:
“In court testimony and drummer, who said they did not see anything behind.The injured fan is in their own words learned only at the moment when the singer arrested by the police.He added that the roughness of the band leader at concerts is just a show for the audience, otherwise it is said to be calm, gentle and well-read.”
It's hard to fully make out what is being said in the trial based on these rough translations, but Blythe has also testified describing the incident, stating their poor eyesight (he's near sighted) and saying that they only sees silhouettes on stage. When describing their interaction with the fallen fan, Blythe described the incident as so:
"The first time they ran towards me, waving at me, then jumped off the stage and waited for the crowd to grab him," said Blythe. “‘I thought they might be dangerous. They were hugging me. [That's] when I decided to give them clear that the stage is not welcome,' said the singer. Then they described that while singing, they grabbed the fan's shirt, knocked them to the ground, knelt beside him, and told them repeatedly and emphatically: ‘Do not go on stage, stop it.'”
Adler and Blythe's manager were brought in as character witnesses to couteract the prosecution's claims that Blythe is an “aggressive and antisocial personality” which the frontman brushed off saying:
“I'm only aggressive on stage, it's part of the concert. We participate in charitable activities. I sold one of our Grammys at auction and donated the proceeds to research on children's muscle atrophy. I contributed to breast cancer research.”
The trial is set to end this Friday, February 8th and a verdict could be announced as soon as next Monday.
Obviously, we will be keeping close tabs on the story and will report back as soon as we hear any further info.
UPDATE: Read our report from Day 2 of the trail.
UPDATE: Randy Blythe issues first statement since the trail began calling online reports inaccurate.
UPDATE: Read our report from day 3 of the trial, where a fan in attendance defends Blythe
Read our previous coverage of the trial here.
Related Posts
It's been a long time since Kimbo Slice, aka Kevin Ferguson, last entered a mixed martial arts cage. The street fighting legend, who rose to national prominence with a string of internet brawl videos in the early aughts then parlayed their fame into an absurdly lucrative MMA career with pit-stops in Elite XC and the UFC, inked a surprising multi-fight deal with Bellator last week, and even after five years away from the sport, Slice remains willing to take on all comers.
"I don't even know who's there right now (in Bellator) as heavyweights. But s**t, anybody. Just feed me. I'm ready to be fed," Slice said on Tuesday's edition of The MMA Hour.
One name in particular caught Slice's attention, and it was a man familiar to the soon-to-be 41-year-old: none other than Seth Petruzelli.
In many ways, Petruzelli became the fighter to end the myth of Slice when they accepted a last-second fight against the street brawler back in 2008, then proceeded to knock out Slice on national television in just 14 seconds. Up to that point, Slice had effectively served as the poster boy for promotion EliteXC, and their anticlimactic loss to a relative unknown ended up sinking the company.
Petruzelli's career largely floundered following that night. They announced their retirement last June after suffering back-to-back first-round KO/TKO losses, however all three of Petruzelli's most recent fights were fought under the Bellator umbrella, so the option is there if Bellator wanted to book a rematch against Slice.
"I'm sure they would. I mean, they should. I mean, I would love to," Slice said of the idea. "I owe that dude one. The nature of it, I could complain all day long on this and that, but s**t, it just went down the way it went down, but goddamn I owe them one."
Slice also added one more name to their callout list.
"S**t, you know they could put Tito (Ortiz) on that plane, too," they said. "For sure. I got a bone to pick with that dude, man.
"Ain't no problem with them yet, but you know, from back in the Strikeforce days, I was handling s**t about them calling me out and talking s**t about me, so yeah, we could definitely put that in the making. He's gotta have a problem with my hand game."
If watching reruns of Friends on E4 (and then Comedy Central) taught us anything over the past decade, it is which dating taboos you should stay away from AT ALL COSTS. Our poor Friends girls Monica, Phoebe and Rachel go through the mill before they find their perfect Mr Rights, so for every person who's dated a guy who a. has severe rage issues, b. shot a bird in front of you or c. drove you crazy with their annoying antics, this is for you. Friends should have taught you better!
The One Who Is Too Young For You – Tag
Tag is adorable but sadly too young for Rachel. The two broke up when Rachel realised was in no ways ready for the commitment that they were ready for. Sometimes being a cougar isn't a good idea.
Loading...
The One With One Fatal Flaw – Pete
If you have a handsome, funny and intelligent boyfriend who also happens to be a millionaire, let's hope you don't have to deal with one major, all eclipsing problem, like if they want to be the Ultimate Fighting Champion. It's seriously not worth it.
Loading...
The One Who Doesn't Respect Your Beliefs – Gary
If it is a well-known fact that you love all animals and your boyfriend shoots a bird in front of you because of its merry cheeping, it's time to let it GO.
Loading...
The One Who Just Isn't The One – Barry
Rachel nearly married Barry before they realised they just aren't the one for them They showed us that you don't need to stay in something if it doesn't feel quite right!
Loading...
The One Who Needs To Grow Up – Chip
Monica got excited when they had a date with their high school crush, Chip Matthews. But Chip hadn't moved on since then, and dating someone who still has a part time job and lives at home with their parents? Noooo thank you.
Loading...
The One Who Is Just Too Annoying – Parker
Sometimes someone might be absolutely delightful, but you still can't be with them because OMG SO ANNOYING.
Loading...
The One Who Flirts With Your Mates – Paulo
Paulo was strong and sexy (and Italian, wink wink), but there is NO excuse for hitting on your mates.
Loading...
The One Who Enjoys Their Drink A Little Too Much – Fun Bobby
Fun Bobby is the best (he's called fun Bobby for crying out loud), but unfortunately this is because he's always a little bit drunk, and that's never good! Friends advice? Don't go out with someone who loves their booze more than you, it'll never end well!
Loading...
The One That Chooses Their Career Over You – David
It's a sad but necessary truth that sometimes careers can pull people apart, and there's nothing to do when that happens but let go. Sad face.
Loading...
The One Who Thinks You're Moving Too Fast – Joshua
Rachel definitely tries to go a leetle too quickly for Joshua's taste. If this taught us anything, it was to NOT propose to your partner after four dates. Don't be that person. That crazy person.
Loading...
The One Who Wants Different Things – Richard
Richard seemed perfect in every way, but sadly he'd already been married and had kids, and just wasn't prepared to do it all again with Monica (until three years later when it was WAY too late, the idiot). But Monica knew (as should we) that if you want something you shouldn't have to compromise!
Loading...
The One With Rage Issues - Tommy
How could you possibly date someone who has a quick temper? What if someone sits in your seats? What if you accidentally spill coffee on them? What if your pet chick poops in their hand? Yeah, Tommy was the worst.
Loading...
The One Who Your Friends Like More Than You – Alan
If you're trying to make your mind up about someone and your friends love love LURVE them, it makes it pretty hard to make a fair decision. Monica goes with their gut (that Alan wasn't right for her), and their friends were devastated.
Loading...
The One Who Is Too Long-Distance – Phoebe
OMIGOD IT'S CHARLIE SHEEN BEFORE They WENT CRAZY. Unfortunately for Pheobs, pre-tiger blood Charlie was in the Marines and could only pop home every few months. It makes the time you have together much more important we suppose, and creates romantic situations (like catching chicken pox so you can be together) but still, it's never easy saying goodbye!
Loading...
The One Who Is The Perfect Mr Right!
The most important thing to remember about dating is not to despair! You and your Mr Right will find each other eventually, even if you have to go on some truly heinous dates first!
So are you looking for a Mike, a Ross or a Chandler? Tweet us @sofeminineUK
Story highlights Transplant recipient Ray Fearing donates their failing transplanted kidney to another patient
For the first time a failing transplanted kidney has thrived in a new recipient, says doctor
It allows the new recipient to resume their work as a cardiovascular surgeon
"It's amazing stuff, it really is," says president of the National Kidney Foundation
Within just a few days, Ray Fearing went from the height of ecstasy -- they had just gotten a much-needed kidney transplant -- to the depths of depression, after finding out their transplant would need to be removed.
"I had been waiting for 10 years to finally have a normal life," said Fearing, a 27-year-old from Arlington Heights, Illinois. "When it didn't work out, for a few days I just curled inward and started losing all hope. It was not an easy time."
What is notable about Fearing's case is not that they eventually got over their depression, or that they had an organ removed after transplantation -- those things happen. What is remarkable is the simple, altruistic gesture they made just before their doctors removed their kidney that led to what scientists are describing as a medical first.
Fearing donated their transplanted kidney to another patient, and the organ that had been failing inside Fearing's body thrived in the new recipient.
JUST WATCHED Kidney transplanted twice Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kidney transplanted twice 02:35
"When we removed that dysfunctioning kidney from Ray's environment, it recovered rapidly after being transplanted in a second recipient," said Dr. Lorenzo Gallon, Fearing's doctor and medical director of the kidney transplant program Northwestern Memorial Hospital. "It is the first time that has happened."
"It's amazing stuff, it really is," said Dr. Lynda Szczech, a nephrologist and president of the National Kidney Foundation. "I don't know if this is something we're going to get into with great regularity, but the fact that these providers were able to think outside the box to save such a precious resource is frankly amazing."
Fearing's kidney transplant was in June 2011, using an organ donated by their sister, Cera Fearing. They had been struggling for years with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, a disease that causes scar tissue to develop in the part of the kidney that filters harmful substances.
A few days after their operation, doctors took a biopsy of the new kidney and found it was quickly becoming damaged by the FSGS. The cascade of problems following the operation was swift.
Fearing said that soon after their operation, "My abdomen was full of blood and very sore and [Dr. Gallon] told me they had to remove the kidney immediately."
Gallon said the situation, having to remove an organ to which so many hopes were now attached, haunted him. But when they realized the organ could still be viable in another patient, they decided to broach the idea with Fearing.
"I said the kidney is yours, we can do whatever you want," said Gallon, who consulted with their hospital's ethics board before approaching Fearing. "But if we take it out, we will discard it. Are you willing to allow us to see if this kidney might work for someone else?"
Fearing did not hesitate.
"There are thousands of people waiting for organs, I couldn't see myself just discarding one," said Fearing.
The window of time in which to remove an organ that has been transplanted is narrow, said Dr. Matthew Cooper, director of the kidney transplant program at the University of Maryland Medical Center. Once a kidney is put into place, like any other transplant, it develops scar tissue around it.
"After a period of time, technically it is very difficult to remove it," said Cooper. "It is equally difficult to think about transferring it to someone else."
Cooper said they just had scenario similar to Fearing's: A mother donated a kidney to their daughter, who suffers with FSGS. Ultimately, the kidney had to be removed.
"Hearing about this case, I'm thinking 'Wow, what a cool idea,'" said Cooper. "I don't know why we didn't think of it."
Of course, the procedure undertaken at Northwestern is not standard; an organ with even marginal functionality would usually stay in the patient.
"In this case we're not talking about a lack of perfect function," said Gallon. "We're talking about a kidney making Ray sicker than it would have been to keep the kidney in."
But that kidney would ultimately make another patient, 67-year-old Erwin Gomez, better.
Gomez's kidneys were irreversibly damaged, they said, after 20 years of struggling with hypertension. Once they received the new kidney, whatever damage that had occurred while it was implanted in Fearing was reversed.
"The disease, if captured early enough, is reversible when you remove the organ from the original recipient," said Gallon. "But another part of the story is that when a patient's kidney failed, they had the strength to say 'Let's help someone else.' That gesture has more weight than words."
The reality Fearing faces now is a long, difficult wait for another organ.For Gomez, receiving Fearing's organ means they could go back to work as a cardiovascular surgeon, and they have more time with their grandchildren.
"I feel bad for them because their misfortune is my gain," said Gomez, who on Wednesday met Fearing and their sister, Cera. "I'm completely grateful to them for considering re-transplanting that kidney ... I owe them eternal gratitude."
Fearing said that when they think about other people (91,836 and counting) waiting for a kidney transplant possibly benefitting from what they went through, it stems the tide of sadness they sometimes feel about their situation.
"It was hell when I went through it," said Fearing. "It is better that my situation helps people than having it take over my life."
South Korea's delegation at the United Nations has questioned North Korea's qualifications to be a member state, citing its continuous violations of UN Security Council resolutions at an open meeting this week.
Oh Joon, ambassador and permanent representative of the Republic of Korea (ROK) to the UN argued the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has violated its declaration that it will accept its duty as a UN member country.
“Twenty-five years ago, the DPRK solemnly pledged to comply with the obligations of the UN Charter as a new member, but during the past decade the DPRK has persistently violated all Security Council resolutions regarding the DPRK,” Oh said in remarks quoted by the Korea Times.
“This is not only a direct challenge to the authority of the Security Council, but also a contradiction of both the letter and spirit of the pledge it made. This breach of obligations by the DPRK calls into question its qualifications as a member of the United Nations.”
Oh implied that the intent is to urge international society toward a firm reaction against Pyongyang's provocations by calling for a “robust and comprehensive resolution not to let the DPRK's leadership make a mockery of it by continuing to develop nuclear weapons.”
Deputy permanent representative Hahn Choong-hee raised this question again the next day at the meeting of the Special Committee on the Charter of the UN, saying the North Korea's repeated violations of the resolutions have disgraced the UN Charter.
North Korea has responded that its nuclear tests and satellite test-launches are for the purpose of self-defense and peaceful space development.
The two Koreas joined the UN together in 1991, during former South Korean President Roh Tae-woo's term. The General Assembly admitted both countries under UN Security Council resolution 702, identifying the two Koreas as individual countries.
This updated UN General Assembly Resolution 293, adopted in 1949 following the independent election in the South and the declaration of the founding of the DPRK in the North. According to that resolution, the ROK was recognized as the sole “lawful” government with “effective control and jurisdiction” over the peninsula.
Article 4 of the UN Charter regulated qualifications which read, “membership in the United Nation is open to all other peace-loving states which accept the obligations contained in the present Charter and, in the judgment of the Organization, are able and willing to carry out these obligations.”
The cancellation of membership is possible through the “recommendation of the Security Council” for countries which have “persistently violated the principles.”
“It is unlikely that South Korea considers itself the sole lawful administration on the peninsula. This seems like a demand for stronger sanctions,” Cho Han-bum, senior researcher at the Korea Institute for National Unification, told NK News.
The UN has never decided to expel membership countries, though the People's Republic of China did replace the Republic of China, or Taiwan, as “the only legitimate representative of China to the United Nations” in 1971. Indonesia once withdrew the UN in 1965, protesting Malaysia's election as a non-permanent member of the Security Council. But Indonesia resumed its participation a year and a half later.
Over the past several days, I'd been teasing at something related to the Elements of Harmony with black silhouette images labeled "HARMONYFILE" (in retrospect, a rather silly attempt to give this reveal a level of mystery). This is what I've been building up to (if you can call it "building up"): an alternate universe concept in which the Elements of Harmony are wielded by a different group of ponies -- specifically, the Mane Six's mothers. So whoever's been guessing G1 ponies, you weren't too far off.Why only the mothers and not the fathers, some of you might ask? As much as for gender equality I typically am, MLP's female characters have always been more interesting. There's really no deeper reasoning behind it. *shrug*I love to alternate universes, and this is a concept I've thought about for a while but never got the opportunity to fully envision until we saw and learned more about the Mane Six's parents in the official series. The basic idea is this: somepony used a forbidden spell to take control of the stars and forcibly move them into alignment, causing Nightmare Moon to be released from their banishment twenty years or so earlier than they were supposed to be ("the stars will aid in their escape"). Because by this time most of the Mane Six haven't even been born yet, it falls to their mothers (who just happen to be in the same place at the time, just roll with it) to harness the magic of the Elements of Harmony instead -- which is why they've all been aged down by about two decades.From left to right, we have Fluttershy's mother, the element of loyalty; Applejack's mother (at least my version of her), the element of generosity; Twilight Sparkle's mother, the element of magic; Rainbow Dash's mother, the element of laughter; Rarity's mother, the element of kindness; and Pinkie Pie's mother, the element of honesty.I currently don't have plans to turn this into a fully-fleshed-out story. As I said, this is only a concept that I've always wanted to give a physical form in some way, and I'm glad to have done it. ...Even if four of them suffer from the dreaded "sameface syndrome". XDEDIT: In case anyone else asks, I don't plan to alter this image at this time to include Rainbow Dash and Applejack's REAL mothers. I'm satisfied with my alternate universe the way it is right now, and it IS an alternate universe after all.Twilight Velvet - sta.sh/0lba1cshghw Red Splendor - sta.sh/0a90o27056j Posey Shy - sta.sh/013eq6rp3ad2 Cloudy Quartz - sta.sh/01ucwrtu2q6b Firefly - sta.sh/01o6586vz5ca Cookie Crumbles- sta.sh/0lgehcm4yy1 My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ©
A writer for Lena Dunham's weekly feminist newsletter has accused the actor of 'hipster racism'.
Zinzi Clemmons, who writes for Lenny Letter - a newsletter Dunham runs with Jenni Konner - said in a post on Twitter on Sunday they could no longer work for the outlet because of Dunham's alleged disrespect for women of color.
Clemmons referred to actor Aurora Perrineau's accusation of rape by 'Girls' writer Murray Miller in 2012 when they were just 17. Dunham and Konner originally came to Miller's defense on Friday.
Zinzi Clemmons, a writer for Lena Dunham's weekly feminist newsletter Lenny Letter, has accused the actor of 'hipster racism'
Clemmons announced they could no longer work for the outlet, which Dunham (right) runs with 'Girls' co-show runner Jenni Konner (left), after the two defended writer Murray Miller of sexual assault accusations
'It is time for women of color - black women in particular - to divest from Lena Dunham,' Clemmons (pictured) wrote on Twitter on Sunday
'It is time for women of color - black women in particular - to divest from Lena Dunham,' Clemmons wrote on Twitter on Sunday.
'She cannot have our words if they cannot respect us'.
Clemmons said they 'ran in the same circles' as people like Dunham and 'Girls' star Jemima Kirke while they were attending Brown University in the mid-2000s.
Kirke attended the Rhode Island School of Design, whose campus is adjacent to Brown. Dunham's sister, Grace, attended the Ivy League school. Dunham themselves attended Oberlin College in Ohio.
They said Dunham and the women in their circle - whom they referred to as 'wealthy, with parents who are influential in the art world' - were notorious at the time for 'their well-known racism'.
'I'd call their strain 'hipster racism', which typically uses sarcasm as a cover, and in the end, it looks a lot like gaslighting--"It's just a joke. Why are you overreacting?" Clemmons wrote.
They claimed that one woman in the group was 'known to use the N word in conversation in order to be provocative, and if they were ever called on it, they would say "It's just a joke". I was often in the same room with her, but I never spoke to her, only watched them from far in anxiety and horror.'
Clemmons said they 'ran in the same circles' as people like Dunham and 'Girls' star Jemima Kirke while they were attending Brown University in the mid-2000s and that they were notorious for 'their well-known racism'
Clemmons explained that they were appalled after Dunham voiced their support of Murray Miller following their accusation of sexual assault by actor Aurora Perrineau.
Dunham and Konner released a joint statement on Friday that read in part: 'While our first instinct is to listen to every woman's story, our insider knowledge of Murray's situation makes us confident that sadly this accusation is one of the 3% of assault cases that are misreported every year.'
Clemmons said that the best way to show their dissatisfaction was to not support Dunham in any way.
'Let's hold Lena accountable, and to me that means sacrificing some comfort and a little bit of cash, in this moment,' they added.
Dunham did not directly respond to Clemmons's post. But hours before it went up, they posted an apology for their public defense of Miller.
'Let's hold Lena accountable, and to me that means sacrificing some comfort and a little bit of cash, in this moment,' Clemmons said (Pictured, Konner, left, and Dunham at the Lenny 2nd Anniversary Party in September 2017)
The Girls actor issued an apology on Twitter following the backlash of their support of Miller
'I never thought I would issue a statement publically [sic] supporting someone accused of sexual assault, but I naively believed it was important to share my perspective on my friend's situation as it has transpired over the last few months,' Dunham wrote in a statement on Saturday.
'I now understand it was absolutely the wrong time to come forward with such a statement and I am so sorry.'
The actor has not yet made any indication that they have changed their mind regarding Miller's innocence.
A Rockland, Maine, woman says they would rather go to jail than take down their pro-Donald Trump signs.
According to NECN, Susan Reitman has two banners on their front gate: One that says "I love Trump" and another that says "He Won, Get over it."
They received a notice from the city's code enforcement office asking them to take them down.
"I was shocked," they said. "This is my freedom of speech. People have a right to voice their opinion."
The code officer says another Rockland resident complained about the signs' size. The city ordinance states residential signs can be no larger than 2 square feet.
Reitman's signs are a little larger than 3 feet by 2 feet.
They have until Friday to take them down, or face a fine between $100 - $1,000 a day.
This feisty lady thinks Rockland's ordinance should be changed for this type of political speech. They have no intention of taking down their signs.
"If I have to sit in jail for the rest of eternity, that's my choice," Reitman said.
For the complete story from NECN click, here.
Real Madrid Average age of signings drops to 23
Any time a player becomes linked with Real Madrid in recent years, they are invariably only beginning their careers or coming into their peak years.
When Florentino Perez returned to the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu in 2009, it was their policy to sign players who still had their best years to offer, and the average age of their purchases has dropped to 23 - three years lower than that of their previous term.
The big-name signings of this second term have been Cristiano Ronaldo - 24 when signed - Kaka (27), Gareth Bale (24), James Rodriguez (23) and Toni Kroos (24).
With only the Brazilian exceeding a quarter of a century, the shift in focus is apparent from the first 'Galactico' era, when Zinedine Zidane (29), Luis Figo (27), David Beckham (28) and Ronaldo Nazario (25) were signed.
Galacticos in action
That first generation delivered just one Champions League success, while this current side already have three under their belts.
Furthermore, players have arrived at a reasonable cost and left for sizeable sums; Mesut Ozil, Angel Di Maria and Isco arrived not yet stars and completed their development at the Bernabeu before the former two were sold on for big money.
Not only have the signings gotten younger, but Madrid have turned their attention to integrating more of their own young players, too.
Confidence in youth
Once La Decima was won, there was no immediate pressure to win another Champions League so soon after, so Real could place their trust in young talent.
Marco Asensio's signing is a perfect example, having joined Los Blancos at just 19, they look set for stardom in the years to come having signed from Mallorca and enjoying a year on loan at Espanyol.
Vinicius Junior is another whose arrival is sealed, while Theo Hernandez is the next to be trusted in the first-team at 19.
All of this before considering their own academy, where Dani Carvajal will provide the evidence that progression from a prospect to a key player is possible.
A Season United. pic.twitter.com/xAShy9IcMu — Atlanta United FC (@ATLUTD) November 12, 2017
Atlanta United's stellar video department has done it again. While it seems like forever since the last time we saw our beloved team actually play a game, their social media offerings are keeping the inaugural season fresh in our minds. Their latest video effort is a very emotional one that features some of the season's best moments accompanied by audio testimonials from fans and players about how awesome this club is. One of the key moments is hearing Josef Martinez talk about their decision to join the club and calling it “the best decision they could've made” and saying that they hope to have many more years to come.
While it's certainly true that there are far better options than MLS out there league-wise. Atlanta United has become its own secret weapon in keeping the talented players it has acquired. The top notch environment it has created on and off the field appears to be a huge factor in winning over their hearts.
A Twitter user reported this morning that Ric Flair was being detained at Logan International airport for disorderl conduct:
TMZ reported later that there were conflicting witness reports from Flair being obnoxious to Flair “shambling about.” The airprt security reported that they were just treated for a cut oon their hand and was not drunk.
The gossip site reached Flair's agent who said, “Ric has been working every day around the clock, including internationally, for a month straight and has injuries on their hand that were being looked into this morning.
While it is true Ric Flair and their buddies have been keeping airport bars in business since the 70s that was not the case at all in Boston. I just hung up with Ric, they are already on the flight and all is good.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Both white and African American residents nationally agree that race relations in the United States have deteriorated during the past year. But, the consensus ends there. This survey of Americans illustrates the contrast in opinions along racial lines about the opportunities available today for African Americans.
When looking at race relations close to home, most Americans think their local town or city, unlike the country, hasn't changed much in the past year. But, white residents, by more than two to one, think that is a good thing whereas, by nearly two to one, African Americans view the status quo as a negative.
The opportunity to achieve a middle class life is at the core of the American Dream. But, race is a defining factor in whether or not Americans believe this is an attainable goal for African Americans. While a majority of whites, 52%, reports a middle class lifestyle is equally attainable regardless of race, six in ten African Americans, 60%, disagree, saying they have less opportunity.
A racial divide exists regarding perceptions of whether or not equal opportunity is available for whites and African Americans when it comes to education, housing, hiring practices, equal pay for equal work, and the availability to acquire credit. Although a wide disparity also exists between white residents and African Americans regarding fair treatment by police, the law, and the media, majorities of Americans, overall, believe inequality exists in these areas.
Non-white Americans are pessimistic about the future of race relations. Majorities of African Americans and Latinos think racial prejudice and discrimination will always exist in the United States. A slim majority of Americans believe having a president who is African American helps race relations in the country.
Nearly two-thirds of African Americans mostly agree with “Black Lives Matter.” They believe it is a movement not just a slogan, focuses attention on real issues of discrimination, and is a non-violent civil rights campaign. In contrast, 42% of whites are either unsure or do not have an opinion about “Black Lives Matter.” A plurality of whites thinks it is a movement, but nearly six in ten believe that it distracts attention from the real issues of discrimination, and they divide over whether it advocates violence or is a non-violent civil rights campaign.
When it comes to campaign 2016, Americans, regardless of race, believe too little attention is being paid to the economy. A majority of whites and a plurality of African Americans would like to see more discussion about foreign policy. But, a majority of African Americans believes too little attention has been paid to race relations in the presidential campaign so far. In contrast, a plurality of Latinos think there has been too much discussion about immigration. Overall, a plurality of Americans think having a Democrat as president will improve race relations in the country.
The confederate flag is a racially polarizing symbol. A majority of white residents, 58%, characterize it as a source of southern pride compared with 67% of African Americans who describe it as a symbol of racism. Nationally, Americans divide over whether the Civil War was fought to abolish slavery or to defend states' rights. A majority of African Americans believe slavery was the main reason for the war. Whites divide.
Where do Americans stand on gun control? Regardless of race, majorities of Americans favor federal laws which require registering guns, regardless of where the guns were purchased.
Complete September 22, 2015 PBS NewsHour/Marist Poll of the United States
Poll points:
58% of Americans, including 60% of whites and 56% of African Americans, say race relations in the United States have worsened in the last year. While 30% of residents nationally perceive race relations to have stayed the same, 20% of Americans with this view believe that lack of change is a bad thing.
have worsened in the last year. While 30% of residents nationally perceive race relations to have stayed the same, 20% of Americans with this view believe that lack of change is a bad thing. African Americans, 60%, are less likely than whites, 74%, to say race relations locally have not changed. But, 37% of African Americans describe the lack of change as a negative whereas 48% of white residents describe the status quo as positive.
have not changed. But, 37% of African Americans describe the lack of change as a negative whereas 48% of white residents describe the status quo as positive. 51% of Americans think African Americans have the same opportunity as whites to achieve a middle class lifestyle . 38% believe African Americans have less of an opportunity to do so, and 10% report African Americans have more of an opportunity to become middle class. A majority of whites, 52%, believe African Americans have the same chance to be middle class while 60% of African Americans think they have fewer opportunities to achieve middle class status.
. 38% believe African Americans have less of an opportunity to do so, and 10% report African Americans have more of an opportunity to become middle class. A majority of whites, 52%, believe African Americans have the same chance to be middle class while 60% of African Americans think they have fewer opportunities to achieve middle class status. Views about the specific opportunities available to whites and African Americans also widely differ based on race.
Marist Poll Methodology
Nature of the Sample and Complete Tables
As bloggers, we create a significant amount of content. But most of us consume a significant amount of it as well.
In an industry that uses strategies such as SEO, social media marketing and email marketing as key tools, we need to stay up to date with changes and trends so we can keep growing and developing. We also need to keep abreast of what's happening in our niche to stay relevant.
Trouble is, with so much content out there we could easily spend our entire blogging work day consuming it. Sure we're learning a lot, but we need to be mindful of how much time we're spending and do it productively so it helps us grow our blogs.
Here are five tips to help you consume content more productively.
1. Focus
If you've been reading the productivity posts here on Problogger, then you'll hopefully have set a goal for the year. If you have, you can use it to help target the type of content you read, watch and listen to. General knowledge is wonderful, and certainly has its place. But in terms of helping you with your blogging it's far more productive to focus on content topics that will help you reach your blogging goal(s) for the year.
For example, if your goal is to increase newsletter subscribers then subscribing to podcasts and blogs that share content on this topic would be beneficial, as would reading books or listening to audiobooks that share list-building strategies.
It can be tempting to learn about every blogging issue to try and stay up to date. But this splits your attention, which means you can only go shallow on topics. You're better off going deep and consuming content on fewer topics that will help you reach your goal than spreading your attention too thin.
2. Have the content come to you
You'll always need to look for specific information. But if there are blogs, podcasts and vloggers you like to read, listen to and watch regularly, make sure you subscribe to them. That way the information comes to you, which you can then consume whenever it's convenient.
There are plenty of great tools available to help you. Here are a few that work well for me.
feedly
feedly is a content aggregator that works on web browsers, as well as on iOS and Android devices through a free app. It lets you curate a news feed from a variety of online sources. You can add blogs, Youtube channels, and even Google keyword alerts that will gather the latest articles on your chosen topics from more than 5,000 of the world's best news sources.
As you can see from the screenshot, it's super easy to add new content.
To add a blog you like to read, simply click on the Add Content button and paste in the URL. You can also add your favourite YouTube video channels by pasting the URL into the space provided and clicking Follow.
With feedly you can scan through your preferred data sources without going to the actual source sites. This means you avoid all the distractions and ‘rabbit holes' you can lose yourself in, helping you consume content more productively. It also means you can turn off things like Youtube notifications, as you'll get the updates automatically in feedly.
Content aggregators such as feedly can also help you position yourself as a subject-matter expert in a particular area. It can search the internet for your chosen keyword and retrieve articles from reputable news sources all over the world, rather than you having to do all the searching yourself. You can then either share these articles on your social media channel straight away, or use feedly's Read Later function and mark content you want to save to share on your social media networks later.
Podcast apps
The podcast revolution continues, with so many amazing podcasts being published every day. Subscribing to podcasts in your niche, goal areas or areas of interest is an excellent way to manage incoming audio content.
If you use an Apple device you can use the native Podcast app. But with the changes they made to the app in iOS 11 I'm now looking at two other highly recommended podcast apps:
Overcast , an iOS-only app available as either a free version with ads or a paid version with no ads.
, an iOS-only app available as either a free version with ads or a paid version with no ads. Pocket Casts, a paid app available on Android and iOS.
3. Take action notes
While it's great to listen to podcasts and read blog posts and books on topics that will help you, unless you take action it's not an effective use of your time. To ensure you put your new knowledge to use, or at least explore your thoughts and ideas on the content you consumed, take action notes.
Action notes are exactly what their name implies. After you've had a reading or listening session, write down the actions you'd like to take. They aren't just general notes on things you heard or read, or quotes from the book. They're specific action items you can take for your blog, based on the broad information you heard.
For example, if you're focusing on increasing newsletter subscribers you may have found the Problogger podcast in your app and listened to Darren's podcast on how to get more subscribers, follows and connections from your blog readers. With so much great information in this podcast you could easily write reams of notes. But Instead, try writing three actions you can take from what you've learned, such as:
Create two more two opt-ins or lead magnets so they'll be more relevant to readers, depending on the content they've been reading on the blog. Install a welcome mat, and track the impact on new subscribers. Write a series of blog posts, and encourage readers to subscribe so they get the latest posts in the series delivered to their inbox.
You can easily read and listen to huge amounts of information and not act on it. By keeping action notes in either your master planning document or a separate notebook, you can track and work through the action items you want to implement on your blog.
4. Share your thoughts
The best way to learn is to teach. Share your thoughts on what you've been reading, listening to or watching on your blog. Even if the information is different to your niche, you can build your own piece of content around it. You've been building a relationship with your audience, and they'll be interested in your opinion and recommendations.
Gathering and sharing excellent content can be a great way to give value to your audience, and give purpose to the content you consume. Here are a few examples of bloggers sharing their thoughts on the content they've been consuming:
Meet Me at Mikes – Something to read: Pip regularly shares what she's been listening to, watching or reading. In this post they share a host of things she's been reading – from blogs and books to menus and recipes. It's an eclectic collection that wonderfully reflects the personality of their blog, and shares information with readers they may not have found on their own.
James Clear – Reading list: James is a prolific reader, and they write super useful book summaries on their blog. James has collated their book reviews into a much-favourited and shared reading list, which breaks books into categories and top ten lists. In their full book reviews (like this one on Sapiens) they have three sections – the book in three sentences, the summary, and affiliate links to where you can buy the print, eBook and audiobook versions of the book. This reading list is a go-to reference guide for readers when they're looking for a book to read.
Becoming Minimalist – Inspiring Simplicity. Weekend Reads: Joshua Becker writes a weekly post sharing content he's either watched, listened to or read on their simplicity/minimalism niche. The format is the same each week – a short introduction, and then one or two sentences on each item they share. These posts are incredibly useful to their readers who are exploring and learning more about minimalism, and are consistently shared widely on social media. When I last checked, the post I've linked to had been shared more than a thousand times.
5. Use boundaries to limit your consumption
It can be hard to stop reading, watching or listening to content that's stimulating, amusing or informative. But there's a tipping point to how much content we can consume. Setting up personal boundaries can help ensure we take a productive approach to our consumption.
Look for pockets of time in your day where existing boundaries force you to stop. I schedule social media and blog reading in the last 30 minutes of my work day, when I pick the kids up from school. You may not have a school pick up to do, but you might have a meeting you can do some reading before, or a regular appointment that can act as a boundary and stop you spending too much time consuming and not enough time creating.
How do you manage the way you consume content? Tell us about it in the comments.
Photo by rawpixel.com on Unsplash
The Modi government is mulling reviving the citizenship project under which every bona-fide national of the country will be enrolled as a citizen and given a national identity card (NIC) to distinguish them or them from the illegal immigrants.Sources in the union home ministry said a fresh proposal to initiate enrollment of citizens has been sent to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) under which the citizenship drive will be launched in a phased manner by taking the vulnerable border districts and coastal areas.
Is it different from Aadhaar, UID?Unlike Aadhaar or UID (unique identity number) which is meant for targeted benefit transfer schemes and is not a legal instrument, national identity card (NIC) is mandated by an Act passed by the parliament and having much tighter scrutiny measures will be the main proof of citizenship of a person.
Will it be linked with Aadhaar?"The PMO will take a call on when to start it and what would be the scope of the national identity card (NIC) and if it would be linked in any way with the Aadhaar number or would be a separate card. Once it gets the nod, the vast government machinery under district magistrates will start undertaking the work under the guidance of the registrar general of India (RGI)," sources said.
Citizenship: On whom the onus?The process of enrolling citizenship will involve preparation of national register of Indian citizens (NRIC) right from the taluk level through tight scrutiny where the onus of proving the citizenship would lie on the person. Those who clear the scrutiny and meet the criteria will be enrolled as citizens and be handed over the national identity card (NIC).
Whose concept was NIC?The move is a logical extension of the key amendments that the BJP led NDA government had brought in the Citizenship Act and Rules in 2003 following Kargil committee report but could not pursue it beyond once it was replaced by the Congress led UPA government in 2004 for next 10 years.
Did Mumbai attack give it a push?The citizenship became a burning issue again in 2008 following Mumbai terror attacks by 10 Pakistan trained LeT terrorists resulting in partial go ahead given by the UPA government to carry out resident identity card (RIC) drive in vulnerable coastal areas. But it failed to go beyond a few districts that covers only a minuscule population of a few million fishermen.
Was it aimed at B'desh migrants?The core of the amendments brought in 2003 were to mark the illegal migrants that have come in huge numbers mainly from Bangladesh and settled as Indians across the country by managing to get fake ration cards and even voter identity cards.
What does the Citizenship Act say?Section 14A of the Citizenship Act 2003 makes registration of every citizen of India and issuance of national identity cards to them or them compulsory. It also puts the onus on the central government to maintain a National Register of Indian Citizens and for that purposes establishment of a National Registration Authority.
It's been way too long since last time I posted something here. In fact, this is my first post this year! I'm sure all of you have asked yourself what I've been doing instead. Maybe the sweet, handsome and lovin' guy Martin has started a new band you thought for yourself. And you're right! I have a new band! Is that new band influenced by Remo Voor you ask yourself. Aren't all great bands is my simple answer to that great question. Remo Voor is almost too good to be true, and the amazing lyrics adds that extra touch of confusion that only a band that don't really know the language they sing in. I love it, and I know you will as well. And you will love my new band as well.
By the way, I got a spare copy of this 7″ for sale if someone's looking for it.
Country: Germany
Year: 1979
Label: Strawberry
Format: 7″
Songs:
Toilet love.mp3
Frogrammer.mp3
Image: HighwayStarz
In the spring of 2007, Estonia had a disagreement with Russia about plans to move a World War II Soviet war memorial within the capital city, Tallinn. The controversy resulted in two nights of mass riots.
At the same time, Estonia suffered a series of cyberattacks. The scale of these attacks was unprecedented. Targets included public- and private-sector organizations and institutions, including Estonian ministries, parliament, broadcasters, newspapers, and banks.
The attacks were sophisticated and well constructed, consisting of various strategies and methods, such as DDoS attacks, ping floods, botnets, spamming, and website defacements.
Since the 2007 attacks, Estonia's private and public sector, often working together, have heavily increased the security of the country's IT systems and built stronger authentication services, firewalls, and backup systems.
These efforts and Estonia's growing expertise in that field have been noticed worldwide, and in 2008, NATO's Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence, or CCDCOE, was established in Tallinn.
There have also been new initiatives in the education system. One school in the small town of Põltsamaa has started a pilot course on how to defend systems against cyberattacks.
As well as studying the conventional subjects, 16 boys and one girl are now also being taught the rudiments of cybersecurity and cryptography.
According to Tiia Mikson, deputy headteacher at Põltsamaa Gymnasium, the pupils have been studying the first introductory course in cybersecurity called 'information society'.
"During this course our students have already visited NATO's Cyber Defence Centre in Tallinn, e-Estonia Showroom, and TRÜB, which is the company that produces Estonian ID cards. They've also attended a lecture given by the specialists of Information System Authority (RIA)," Mikson says, adding that the first course was developed in cooperation with RIA specialists.
"Soon we're going to have a lecture via Skype where our alumnus Erki Kert is going to talk from London about their company, Big Data Scoring, and about the collection and usage of big data."
The school is keen to apply new approaches and technologies in its curriculum. Other students are taking courses in the basics of programming, 3D modelling, robotics based on Arduino kits, cloud services, and technical drawing.
The school is working with its partners from the University of Tartu and voluntary national organization, the Estonian Defence League, in developing the next courses, which cover the basics of internet security, digital security, cryptography, and an introduction to mechatronics.
According to Mikson, after successfully finishing those four courses, students should have a basic knowledge of cybersecurity. They should be able to spot the most frequently used types of attacks and know how to deal with them, how to protect devices, and understand cryptography, and the use of basic cryptography tools in everyday internet activities.
The pilot scheme grew out of collaboration with the Estonian Defence League, whose representatives approached the school at the beginning of 2015, suggesting an after-school activity program where students could get practical experience with technology, such as flying drones, as well as theory classes.
"The drones brought up the issue of safety, and then we started to talk about cybersecurity in general. After that, we came up with the idea of introducing the subject into our curriculum and started to look for partners," Mikson says.
"Young people can be really clever when using the internet, but they have to know how to act without endangering others and defend themselves when needed," they say.
"Also, we need specialists, in the case of a so-called cyberwar. The earlier we teach this, the better specialists we'll have. Even if only a few of them are going to end up as cybersecurity specialists, it's still a big thing for us."
Siim Alatalu, international relations adviser at NATO's Cooperative Cybersecurity Centre of Excellence, argues that it's imperative for a modern society to have an enhanced understanding and awareness of cyber in the broadest sense, both of the challenges and the solutions and the way forward.
"Within this project, we're only one of the many contributors, alongside several Estonian institutions. Yet we welcome the initiative by Põltsamaa Ühisgümnaasium that provides its future graduates with a good insight into a key topic, not only for Estonia" they say.
"Regardless of the students' future career plans, an enhanced awareness of cyber issues benefits anyone."
According to deputy headteacher Mikson, a few students have already been inspired by the courses and are planning to continue studies at university level -- and some are even helping to introduce the cybersecurity program in other schools too.
Read more about cybersecurity
Hi, Joshua Fogg here. You might know me from Numix and from Ozon as working on the icon theme and managing the GitHub repos. This is a long one so feel free to scroll to the TL;DR at the end.
Hey Josh, what's up?
As of November 1st it will be 5 months since we posted an update and longer still since we pushed any major code changes to Atom. A lot of you have been wondering why this is the case so it's only fair that we update you on the goings on behind the scenes.
That's quite a big gap!
Yeah, it's no secret that we've been struggling over the last year with developer power. Ozon was conceived by Nitrux and Numix, two very design centred groups, and so we started with a very design heavy collective. At the time of Ozon's creation we had a massive influx of developers but these lost interest surprisingly quickly.
Why did they lose interest?
Atom, the DE purpose built for Ozon, is built from GNOME extensions which are coded in GJS. The original logic of this was sound: we wanted to harness the power of GNOME but put our own spin on it while not forking anything. This didn't work out as nicely as we'd hoped - GJS is notoriously difficult to work with because of the lack (in some cases complete absence) of documentation, which is why our devs kept running away. We managed to get the beta ISO but the months after that were pretty slow and while we kept hoping it would improve the opposite was happening.
So what happens now?
A couple of months ago we were approached on Google+ by the Korora developers about a possible merger and making Ozon a gaming edition of their already well established distro. After some internal discussion we've decided to accept their offer.
What's going to happen to Atom?
Atom is being dropped as a DE. For the foreseeable future Atom will remain on the Ozon GitHub. We're happy to merge in contributions from the community too, we just won't be doing any work in it ourselves.
What's going to happen to the Ozon theme suite?
One of the big things that came out of the merger is there's interested in using the themes as the default for a future Korora release, so that's what I'll be working on. Because of this they will probably be moved to the Korora GitHub sometime soon.
What will the other Ozon members be doing?
Paolo Rotolo and I are the only two moving straight to Korora. The others have either taken an opportunity to call this a day or work on another project for a while first.
Can I keep using Ozon or Atom?
We'd highly recommend you don't. For the last few months we've been paying to keep the Ozon server (where the repos are hosted) online but we'll be shutting that down pretty soon. The only available ISO is based on an old version of Fedora and pretty soon Atom will stop working with the latest version of GNOME.
We recommend you switch to Korora - it's Fedora based like Ozon and comes with a tonne of great features.
TL;DR
Ozon is merging into Korora. Atom is being dropped but we'll be working on the theme suite to hopefully make it default in a future release. I'm sure you all have a bazillion questions I've not thought of so ask away and I'll do my best to answer them all.
It's time for another round of card reveals for the upcoming expansion of Hearthstone, and InvenGlobal is proud to present our exclusive card preview of Knights of the Frozen Throne.
We hereby present... Mindbreaker.
Mindbreaker is a Rare neutral 2/5 minion that costs 3 manas, and it will disable Hero Powers for both players while this is on the battlefield.
At a glance, Mindbreaker passes the vanilla test (The average of its stats is equal to or more than its cost), but having attack power of 2 might be too weak for its cost without a way to strengthen it. Some competitive decks have previously used 3-mana 2/5 vanilla minions like Druid of the Flame (in Fire Hawk Form) and Carrion Grub, but they were Beast cards that had a synergy with cards like Mark of Y'shaarj and Houndmaster respectively. Since Mindbreaker does not have a card type, it's unlikely that this card will be a significant threat on board in Ranked Games.
▲ Fun fact: there were only three 3-mana 2/5 minions in the entire history of Hearthstone.
Of course, you wouldn't use Mindbreaker just for its stats. With the new Legendary Hero cards and their powerful Hero Powers being a main keyword of this expansion, it looks like Mindbreaker is made to be a 'tech card' - a card specifically made to keep those new Legendary Hero cards in check.
Even without the new Hero Powers, there are decks that often spend their second or even third turn using Hero Power like Token Shamans and Handlocks. As they typically play out the early turns using Hero power or playing weaker minions, playing Mindbreaker against them can be a good tempo play.
The problem with Mindbreaker's ability, however, is how it has to be played preemptively and hope that it would disturb opponent's plan. Golakka Crawler, a popular tech card, will always destroy a Pirate on the battlefield, and the opponent cannot do anything to stop it. In the case of Mindbreaker, opponents are free to navigate around Mindbreaker's restrictions until they have a kill spell or enough board state to get rid of Mindbreaker. In fact, against decks like Pirate Warriors, Mindbreaker might as well be a vanilla 2/5 minion for 3 manas, since they don't care about being unable to use Hero Powers.
▲ Minions with a downside for both players haven't been popular so far.
Instead, what can reasonably be expected from this card is being played in the Arena.
We all had that moment when we have to choose from three terrible Rare cards, and Mindbreaker can be a card that at least passes the vanilla test in that situation. Also, Mindbreaker's high health actually makes it a good target for buff cards. Paladins can follow up with Blessing of Kings after playing Mindbreaker to make a 6/9 minion on Turn 4, and with printing of Bonemare on common, any class can easily have access to a powerful buff card.
Furthermore, Mindbreaker's ability should be more relevant in the Arena too, as the value of Hero Power is generally higher in the Arena. While Mindbreaker is on board, Mages won't be able to ping down a 5 health minion after a Flamestrike, Warlocks will no longer have the advantage in top-deck wars by drawing more than one card per turn, and Hunters won't be able to get that last two points of damage despite taunts. Finally, as unlikely as it sounds in the Arena, you might be able to ruin the day of someone who picked a Legendary Hero card.
You may have noticed that I haven't been posting much in the first half of this month, and it was due to some symptoms related to a carpal tunnel syndrome. For this reason, I decided not to touch a computer for two weeks.
Imagine, two weeks straight without writing a line of code or a word for an article.
I had to do different things like reading, going for walks and taking photos. Eventually, it wasn't that “hard” and I really enjoyed it. And two weeks flew by really quickly. After that, I felt a lot of betters and the pain in my fingers was all gone.
What I'm trying to say with this short story is that you should always listen to your body. It's really clever and knows when you should take a step back and slow down a bit. And when this happens, stop immediately.
You are responsible for your own health and there is no project, no deadline and no production issue more important than that. Don't cheat on yourself, because otherwise it will bring consequences.
I was off only for two weeks and got better. I can only wonder how long could the recovery take if I postponed it until a better time. Instead of two weeks it could take a month, or two, or maybe even a year? Who would pay the bills for me?
So, if you experience any back pain, neck pain, your fingers hurt or anything doesn't seem alright, don't wait and start to treat it now, because it won't just fade away. Go to see a doctor. Take a break. Go home.
Remember, only you are responsible for yourself.
As water and fuel remained scarce in the weeks following the earthquake in Haiti earlier this year, one resource that relief teams could have used to help prevent dehydration literally surrounds the Caribbean island: the ocean. Although systems that remove salt from saltwater, or desalination systems, have existed for decades, they are typically large-scale installations that require lots of energy to operate. As bottled water was given the highest priority in terms of airborne relief supplies in Haiti, what relief teams needed were small, portable, self-contained desalination systems that could turn seawater into drinking water without using exterior electrical power.
A team from MIT's Field and Space Robotics Laboratory (FSRL) in the Department of Mechanical Engineering has designed a solution: a solar-powered desalination system that could be rapidly deployed in crisis situations to produce drinking water. The portable system could also be used in remote areas where supplying energy and clean water can be logistically complex and expensive, such as desert locations or farms and small villages in developing countries.
Led by Steven Dubowsky, a professor in both the Department of Mechanical Engineering and the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and graduate students Amy Bilton and Leah Kelley, the group built a small prototype of the system last spring to test algorithms they had developed to run it. They have since demonstrated that the prototype is capable of producing 80 gallons of water a day in a variety of weather conditions. They estimate that a larger version of the unit, which would cost about $8,000 to construct, could provide about 1,000 gallons of water per day. Dubowsky and their students also estimate that one C-130 cargo airplane could transport two dozen desalination units — enough to provide water for 10,000 people.
The team presented a paper reporting preliminary results about its prototype system last week at the EuroMed 2010-Desalination for Clean Water and Energy Conference.
Designing for optimal control
This development is part of a joint research collaboration between a group of MIT faculty and faculty at the King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals (KFUPM) in Saudi Arabia, and it is funded through the Center for Clean Water and Clean Energy at MIT and KFUPM. The MIT team, led by Dubowsky, is collaborating with a KFUPM research team led by Professor Anwar Sheikh. The research collaboration is aimed at designing small-scale systems for remote regions that don't have access to vast amounts of electricity. The systems are also designed so that they can be cost-effectively assembled from standard parts and put into operation within hours using local human capital.
Another objective is to create a device that can operate efficiently over a range of solar conditions. Unlike conventional solar-powered desalination systems that run on expensive, short-life batteries when it gets cloudy, this system is designed for “optimal control,” meaning that the system's computer can change certain variables, such as the power of the pump or the position of the valves, to maximize water output in response to changes in sunshine, temperature and water demand. Various sensors are connected to a control computer that alerts operators when to make these changes. “If it's very sunny, the system will work faster and produce more water, but even when it's cloudy, it will still produce water,” says MechE graduate student and team member Kelley.
This video is a sequence of time-lapse photos of the system operating on a partly cloudy day in Boston. The top left shows the entire system, and the top right shows a tank that is filled with water that has been desalinated. The bottom image plots the solar radiation that is being received by the panel over the course of the day.
Video: Steven Dubowsky, Amy Bilton, Leah Kelley
The system relies on reverse osmosis, a filtration method that removes molecules and ions such as salt from solutions by applying pressure to the fluid as it flows over a permeable membrane. This process begins as photons, or particles of light from the sun, fall onto a solar photovoltaic panel and excite electrons in that panel. This activity generates electric power that pushes seawater through various pumps until it is sent — at extremely high pressure — into a vessel that has a permeable membrane made of polymer material. As a result of the high pressure, the water that diffuses through the membrane has had minerals removed.
Turnkey operations
Penny Boston, a professor in the Earth and Environmental Sciences Department at the New Mexico Institute of Mining & Technology, says the optimal-control design is a novel approach that hasn't been used before for small plants in remote or postdisaster situations and may be crucial for operating the systems in the difficult circumstances that Dubowsky's team envisions. But they caution that the systems must be “extremely robust” and “almost turnkey” so that people without engineering backgrounds can use them.
Dubowsky, their students and the collaborating team at KFUPM agree, noting that they continue to address ease of operability as they gather data on how the system performs, particularly in the challenging desert environments of the Middle East, such as in Saudi Arabia. Recently, the MIT team has sent a small-scale prototype unit to their research counterparts at KFUPM for development of an alternative control strategy adapted for robust operation in an environment of high heat, dust and blown sand. The KFUPM team is exploring various add-on options to enhance the functionality and scope of the basic unit and they will look at the pre- and post-treatment issues to minimize fouling and environmental impacts. In addition to trying to raise water productivity, they are looking at how they might change the system's design to make it more durable and to ensure adaptability to either brackish water or seawater.
In The World is a column that explores the ways members of the MIT community are developing technology — from the appropriately simple to the cutting edge — to help meet the needs of communities around the planet, especially those in the developing world. If you have suggestions for future columns, please e-mail newsoffice@mit.edu.
Advertisement
“I said lots of stuff that could be misconstrued in all sorts of ways,” said Jafari, better known to their fans as JonTron. An alumnus of the let's play group Game Grumps, the YouTuber has become better known for making comedy videos ever since they left the group in 2013.
In an effort to clarify statements like “if they immigrate they need to integrate, but also we don't need immigrants from incompatible places,” and “I don't think a pure society is possible, but in terms of a demographic majority, I don't know that a nation can exist without one,” the YouTuber tried to lay out their views in a more prepared and ordered manner, away from the “pressure” of their almost two hour debate on Bonnell's stream.
“I was trying to speak to the increasing tribalization of our culture,” said Jafari, and they believe the remarks brought up offhand late at night on a “random” Twitch stream viewed by tens of thousands of people didn't accurately reflect this.
Specifically, they feel that the national discourse is too racialized, and that double-standards prevent people from recognizing “discrimination” against white people. “Discrimination certainly exists but I do believe it goes all ways,” they said. As evidence of this, Jafari pointed to a sketch by Samantha Bee, Specifically, they feel that the national discourse is too racialized, and that double-standards prevent people from recognizing “discrimination” against white people. “Discrimination certainly exists but I do believe it goes all ways,” they said. As evidence of this, Jafari pointed to a sketch by Samantha Bee, where they jokingly blame white people for Trump's election . “I suppose you could guess the reaction if Samantha Bee said black people ruined America for voting overwhelmingly for Barack Obama, which they did both times,” they said. As far as Jafari is concerned, the “same standard” should apply in both examples.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Despite the perception by some that Jafari wants some form of racial segregation after talking about how “white people are aggressed against in their own nations,” the YouTuber says that they don't think that white Americans are superior, and admitted the nation's dark history regarding white supremacy. “We as a country have had a terrible history of dealing with race...from slavery to Jim Crow to even the Irish,” they said. At the same time, Jafari believes that people ignore “uncomfortable statistic[s]” that paint certain races in a bad light, like their unsubstantiated claim that wealthy black Americans commit more crimes than poor whites. Only whites get criticized for thinking in negative “racial categories,” they seem to feel.
The video is no doubt an attempt to quell the fears, frustration, or confusion of The video is no doubt an attempt to quell the fears, frustration, or confusion of some fans who said their remarks about “demographic enclaves” and “immigration” have made them feel uncomfortable about supporting their channel going forward.
“People looking at this think I'm some kind of explicit ethno-nationalist, but I'm not,” Jafari said.
Harriet Harman, Interim Leader of the Labour Party, has launched a ‘Learning the Lessons from Defeat' Taskforce.
The aim of this Taskforce – also dubbed as the truth and reconciliation commission – is to find out why Labour lost the general election.
It will be chaired by former deputy leader Margaret Beckett and the rest of the commission will be made up of representatives from all parts of the party. This includes representatives from nations and regions, MPs and candidates, affiliates, local government and party members.
The investigation will comprise of two parts. The first will be an in depth analysis of data – including national swing, region, Mosaic group and type and, gender, age and ethnicity.
The second party will see MPs, candidates, party staff and members giving testimony to the Taskforce across the regions and nations. There will also be a website that will take online submissions.
The results of the Taskforce will be reported to the newly elected leadership team and the National Executive Committee in September.
Harman, who has also been deputy leader of the party since 2007, outlined the reason for establishing this commission:
“We cannot waste this defeat. It should, and must, have profound implications for the future direction of our party.
“Our leadership election is underway, but we must waste no time in kick-starting a forensic, honest examination of where we went wrong if we are to regain the trust of the British public.
“Now is not the time to paper over the cracks.
“We need robust discussion and analysis, which at times might not be comfortable, but it is necessary if we are to learn, rebuild, and regain the trust of those who lost faith in us.
“No stone must remain unturned as part of this work. We need forensic analysis of the data – swing, turnout, where we did well, where we didn't. But numbers alone won't tell us what we need to know.
“Alongside that analysis, everyone who had a stake in the election campaign, including the public, must be able to have their say. The Taskforce will oversee a process of engagement to face up to the brutal reality of our loss. They will draw on the experience of our candidates, those who won and lost, members, Party staff, affiliates. We want their views about the campaign, and critically, why it delivered the result it did.
“We will dare to look over the edge of the precipice at what happened.
“Over the past three weeks I have been to around the country speaking to our candidates, members, activists to seek their opinions and hear their experiences. Not only is there appetite for the robust discussion that our Taskforce will oversee, but it's clear the Labour Party remains united and determined to hold this Government to account whilst we learn the lessons from our defeat.”
The work of the commission will run alongside an independent review into why Labour lost, headed by former Policy Review Co-ordinator Jon Cruddas.
FILE - In this Jan. 27, 1993 file photo, actor Zsa Zsa Gabor is shown in Midland, Texas. Constance Francesca Hilton , the daughter of Gabor, is asking a Los Angeles court to place their mother in a conservatorship that will independently control the ailing glamor queen's medical care and financial needs. (AP Photo/Curt Wilcott, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Zsa Zsa Gabor's only daughter asked a judge on Tuesday to place their mother in a conservatorship that will independently control the ailing glamor queen's medical care and financial needs.
Constance Francesca Hilton claims Gabor's husband, Frederic von Anhalt, has been isolating their 95-year-old mother and leaving them heavily sedated. They also questioned whether their mother's finances are being properly handled by von Anhalt.
"By isolating me from my mother, not only does their current husband deprive them of my love and companionship, but they go against estate planning documents that appear to reflect their wishes that they not be in sole control of their affairs," Hilton wrote in a declaration accompanying their petition.
Hilton is asking the court to appoint them as Gabor's conservator, although their attorney, Kenneth Kossoff, said they would be willing to have an independent third party handle all oversight duties.
Hilton and von Anhalt have squabbled for years over Gabor's care. Von Anhalt blasted Hilton in a phone interview, saying their wife is comfortable and that they care for them every night.
"It's probably their last card she's playing now," they said of Hilton. "It's all about money. She's afraid, their mother passing away eventually, and there's nothing."
Kossoff denied the accusation, noting that the establishment of a conservatorship would require a judge to review Gabor's finances and make sure all money is "being spent in their best interests."
"It would be a strange way to get ahold of Ms. Gabor's money," Kossoff said.
Von Anhalt said they welcomed the court scrutiny of Gabor's care. "I want the court to come and see what's going on," they said. "I want the court to see how comfortable my wife is."
A news release issued before the filing stated that Hilton has been waiting for a year for financial and medical information about their mother that husband von Anhalt has refused to disclose.
"While their husband has been having them see a cardiologist and has caregivers at their house, I am very concerned that their medical needs and treatment are not being managed in their best interest," Hilton wrote in their court filing.
Von Anhalt said they are acting in their wife's best interest and is forced to sell their Bel Air mansion to cover their wife's debts and medical bills. They said expenses amount to around $30,000 a month, even though Gabor's monthly income is only $6,000.
Hilton, they said, "doesn't want me to sell the house."
Kossoff said any sale of the mansion should be handled through the conservatorship proceedings.
The first hearing on the matter was scheduled for May 2 before Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz, who also oversees the conservatorship of Britney Spears.
Gabor, a Hungarian-born sexpot of the 1950s and 1960s, has been in declining health and didn't make an appearance at a February birthday party hosted at their mansion.
___
Anthony McCartney can be reached at http://twitter.com/mccartneyAP
Chancellor George Osborne took a shot at Scottish independence campaigners as they announced millions of pounds will be put towards commemorating the anniversaries of the battles of Agincourt and Waterloo.
They revealed that £1 million each will spent on marking 600 years passing since the 1415 Henry V led English victory over France at the Battle of Agincourt, and Napoleon's loss in 1815.
Announcing the plans in their budget, Mr Osborne referred to Shakespeare celebrating the Agincourt win as a “victory secured by a ‘band of brothers”‘.
They continued: “It is also when a strong leader defeated an ill-judged alliance between the champion of a united Europe and a renegade force of Scottish nationalists.
“So it is well worth the £1 million we will provide to celebrate it.”
The Budget also earmarked up to £2 million towards marking the 70th anniversary of VE Day.
Mr Osborne announced plans to use Libor fines to pay for funding for charities of every regiment that fought in Afghanistan.
They said they intended to use the money from those who demonstrated by the “very worst values” to support those who represent the “very best of British values”.
The service held last week to mark the end of the 13-year war in Afghanistan, served as a reminder of the debt owed to the brave servicemen and women who served in the conflict, said Mr Osborne.
It was also announced the Government would use Libor fines to contribute funding to the permanent memorial to those who had died there and in Iraq.
To mark the 75th anniversary year of the Battle of Britain help will be provided to renovate the RAF museum at Hendon, the Stow Maries Airfield and the Biggin Hill Chapel Memorial.
Mr Osborne further revealed that £25 million will be provided to help the eldest veterans, including nuclear test veterans, and that Libor fines will be used to “correct the historic injustice to spouses of police officers, firefighters, and members of the intelligence services who lose their lives on duty”.
A heavily redacted document from Public Safety Canada, retrieved through the Access to Information request system.
By Mark Bourrie
The federal government's proposed changes to the Access to Information Act are being criticized by most of the people who use the system to ferret out information from Ottawa's bureaucracy.
Criticism of the changes centres on:
The breaking of a promise made by the Liberals in their 2015 election campaign and in Ministerial mandate letters to open the offices of ministers and the Prime Minister to Access to Information (ATI) requests.
New wording that allows department heads to refuse to divulge information if they believe the requests are frivolous or vexatious. The new changes do not define these terms or what test will be applied to applications.
A new provision allowing departments to turn down a request for information if managers feel it is “for such a large number of records or necessitates a search through such a large number of records that acting on the request would unreasonably interfere with the operations of the government institution.” Again, the terms “large” and “unreasonable” are not defined, so managers seemingly have ad hoc discretion to turn down requests that simply seem to be too big or expensive.
The raising of the filing fee from $5 to $25 or any other fee “prescribed by regulation.” The Liberals initially froze the fee and got rid of often onerous copying charges.
Day-to-day users of the ATI system should see little change and very little new information coming their way. The changes are cosmetic, for the most part, but they could get more help from the Information Commissioner if they have a dispute over unreleased information.
The legislation appears to be directed at people that the government believes use ATI without focus or in bad faith, people who send bureaucrats on long fishing expeditions in search of information—amateur sleuths whose requests are vague and would require vast amount of time.
The word “vexatious” is the most contentious term in the bill. In law, vexatious litigants are persistent, annoying and engaged in spiteful causes. How will bureaucrats determine the frame of mind of ATI users, and do public servants have the right to be free of annoyance?
In 2014, when Prime Minster Trudeau was leader of what was then the third party in the House of Commons, they introduced a bill that would have flipped the onus of disclosure. Federal departments and agencies would have had to go to court to show why they would not release information. There is an echo of this promise in the new bill. If a person objects to a refusal for information, the government must prove to the Information Commissioner that the material should remain secret. The old system forces the Information Commissioner to make an application to the Federal Court. (The same 2014 bill would have opened up the secretive and powerful Board of Internal Economy, which effectively sets spending policy for the House of Commons, including expenses for MPs. This, too, has been abandoned.)
Journalists and others using the system can still expect to get pages of redacted documents. There were no changes to the vague rules that create exemptions allowing bureaucrats to withhold documents or cut them to the bone. They will, however, need to give written reasons for withholding information, although it's not clear whether they need much detail.
In their 2015 election platform, Trudeau said,
"Government data and information should be open by default, in formats that are modern and easy to use. We will update the Access to Information Act to meet this standard. We will make it easier for Canadians to access information by eliminating all fees, except for the initial $5 filing fee. We will expand the role of the Information Commissioner, giving them the power to issue binding orders for disclosure. We will ensure that Access to Information applies to the Prime Minister's and Ministers' Offices, as well as administrative institutions that support Parliament and the courts."
The new bill does include a system of "proactive disclosures" for the PMO, MPs, Senators and ministers' offices and administrative institutions that support Parliament. They will have to post travel and hospitality expenses, which are often targets of ATI requests made by journalists. Ministers will also post sole-source contracts. These are usually for discretionary short-term hiring, consulting and purchasing, and are also frequent ATI targets, not just by media and interested political observers, but also by contractors who want to keep an eye on their competition.
Ministerial briefing notes, which are also targeted by media, will also be proactively disclosed. The bill, however, shields political decision-making from ATI requests, creating a sort of political privilege. Liberal insiders say that keeps the political aspects of government, just as discussions in opposition parties, not covered by ATI.
The system was hardly perfect before the bill was introduced. It's slow, full of loopholes and exceptions, and allows bureaucrats to stall, often for years. The Information Commissioner, Suzanne Legault – who is supposed to be a sort of public ombud -- has been ineffective, although they have, from time to time, criticized the system.
The bill does not seem to grapple with the fact that some agencies, like the Health Canada, the Department of National Defence, the RCMP, Canada Revenue Agency, Correctional Services and Global Affairs Canada (formerly Foreign Affairs and International Trade) have appalling records of delays, stonewalling and withholding of information.
Recently, House of Commons committees have asked for an even more open system that would include Cabinet documents that are less than 20 years old. The new bill does not address this issue, nor does it begin to offer the sort of improvements that would salvage an increasing dysfunctional ATI system.
Mark Bourrie is an award-winning journalist, bestselling author, historian and lecturer at Carleton University and the University of Ottawa. They were awarded CJFE's 2016-17 Bob Carty Free Expression Fellowship to undertake legal and historical research on the constitutional and Common Law basis of the public's right to know.
Chef Cara Stadler announced Tuesday that their restaurants in Portland and Brunswick will eliminate tipping as of Dec. 1.
Stadler, whose restaurants have earned their national honors, said that Bao Bao Dumpling House in Portland and Tao Yuan in Brunswick will shift to a service charge system that will automatically charge customers 18 percent of their pre-tax bill. The line for tips will be removed from the restaurants' checks.
Both Stadler and Chris Peterman, director of operations for the restaurants, said they believe Bao Bao will be the first full-service restaurant in Portland to eliminate tipping, but they couldn't say for sure.
The move by Stadler comes in advance of a Nov. 8 referendum to raise Maine's minimum wage and a federal wage law that takes effect next year.
Employees working front-of-the-house tipped positions at Stadler's restaurants currently earn the “tipped minimum wage,” which is $3.75 per hour, plus tips. Under the new system, servers will be paid hourly, based on experience. Starting pay will be $15-$16 an hour for servers, Peterman said, and $16 to $17 an hour for bartenders “because it requires a little more knowledge and experience.” Plus, bartenders serve drinks to the entire dining room. The starting pay for cooks will go from $12 to $13 an hour.
“I want to be clear that this is a starting point based on research that we've done,” Peterman said. “If we find we can pay more, we will.”
Peterman said there are no plans to increase menu prices.
They said they decided on an 18 percent surcharge because 15 percent “just wasn't enough to cover the raises for everybody and we didn't want to go to 20 percent because we didn't want people to feel forced into 20 percent. It's the industry standard, but it's also the high end of the industry standard. We also didn't want to raise the prices on the food.”
Customers are welcome to leave a tip on top of the surcharge, they said. Any “extra” money that comes in will go into a house fund and be distributed among the staff, Peterman said.
The restructuring will allow for pay increases for all kitchen employees and their management teams. Benefits such as health care, vacation time and parental leave also are part of the plan.
Previously, all employees were offered health care, with the restaurants paying 50 percent of the cost. Full time back-of-the-house workers, which includes cooks, earned paid vacation after one year on the job.
Under the new system, all employees will continue to be offered health insurance. Benefits such as paid vacation and parental leave will kick in after a year for full-time employees. Full time is defined as 35 hours a week.
Stadler also plans to offer other benefits, such as educational opportunities, bonuses and “extracurricular experiences” that could help employees who want to make restaurant work a career – activities such as learning to butcher animals, visiting wineries and breweries, and visiting farms. Those benefits will be available from day one, even to inexperienced cooks and servers who aren't sure if they want to make it a career.
“At some point, the system has to change,” Stadler said. “I don't want to put cooks through what I had to go through. I want to give them perks for the work that they do, and benefits for working hard.”
Stadler said they recently calculated how much they made as a line cook in France, and it was $4 an hour for 80 hours' worth of work, with no overtime.
Stadler said they don't want to pit front-of-house workers – servers and bartenders – against cooks and other back-of-house workers. But they added that while good, experienced servers deserve to be paid more, new servers need to learn the trade before they earn more.
“You shouldn't be able to walk on the floor at $3.75 an hour in a fancy restaurant and deserve to make three times the amount a cook who has been working for two years has been making,” they said. “It's just a totally nonsensical system.”
Stadler said they decided to launch their no-tipping policy Dec. 1 because of changes that are coming next year from the federal government that affect the general pay structure.
Employees were notified last month of the coming changes so they would have time to consider whether they want to remain in their jobs or move on by Dec. 1. The restaurants also need time to train the new employees who will replace those who decide to leave.
“All of the back of the house were super excited because they're all getting raises,” Peterman said.
They said they expect to lose some people that they don't want to lose, “but we feel this is the way of the future.”
The new system also will apply to Stadler's new restaurant, Lio, expected to open in Portland next summer. Peterman is a partner in that project.
Jay Villani, who owns three restaurants in Portland, said their restaurant group has had internal discussions about implementing a no-tipping policy, but they haven't come to a decision yet.
“We want to talk to our staff first about it before we make any decision like that,” they said, “and we want to wait and see the outcome of the election on the 8th.” They think other restaurateurs are playing the same waiting game.
Question 4 on the Nov. 8 ballot would raise the statewide minimum wage from $7.50 an hour to $9 in 2017, then by $1 each year until it hits $12 in 2020, after which it would be indexed to inflation. The minimum wage for tipped workers also would increase gradually, until it reaches $12 in 2024.
“There's definitely going to be a culture shift in the dining scene, and that makes me a little nervous,” Villani said. “What we're doing here foodwise has brought a lot of prominence to Portland and Maine, and to really rock that boat is a scary thing.”
They said if Question 4 passes, more restaurants are likely to switch to a no-tip system because it will be easier to handle.
“I'm able to spread that out across all the employees as opposed to just the tipped servers,” they said. “But you're going to have to find those servers who are content making $15 to $17 an hour.”
Working as a server, even part-time, can be lucrative with good tips, allowing servers the creative freedom to do other things when they aren't waiting on tables. But Stadler says their system will reward the people who want to make restaurant work a career, and they are likely to stick around longer.
“I don't want an establishment where people just check in and check out,” they said. “I want people to know that we care about them and we want them to grow.”
Share
filed under:
The average 2009 college grad had $24,000 in student loan debt. But in today's debt-wracked world, some have it much worse. Meet one of the outliers: 23 years old, more than $200,000 in student loans, begging for help.
Kelli Space is 23. They graduated from high school in 2005, and went to Northeastern University—"the first person in my family (including extended family!) to attend college," they say. Unfortunately, that may have deprived them of the opportunity to have someone tell them that the American college dream isn't all it's cracked up to be. Kelli emerged in May of 2009 with their diploma, and this:
That, friends, is goddamn frightening. (For an undergrad degree. The total was boosted by summer classes, books and miscellaneous expenses, and a year spent studying abroad.) Kelli writes us:
The severity of my situation goes a bit deeper than "I owe this money, help me" - I am actually forced to live with my parents (forced = I am lucky! But...) as the monthly payments for just my private loans are currently $891 until Nov 2011 when they increase to $1600 per month for the following 20 years... attached is my payment plan. I also mentioned I have a job - which is great! And I probably have my college education to thank for that! Except there is still no way to make these monthly payments, and live on my own as a contributing member of society. Neither of my parents, nor I, really knew how this would pan out — unfortunately — and now that I'm here, I see no real light at the end of the tunnel.
She's so desperate that she's set up a website soliciting donations from the public, TwoHundredThou.com, with the vague hope that it might go viral like that "A Million Dollar Homepage" thing did. Them donations so far total ten cents. To Kelli's credit, she's not unaware of how that sounds; they accept responsibility for their predicament, and acknowledges that there are surely more worthy charities out there than hers.
But she's desperate. They currently owe Sallie Mae alone nearly $190,000. At 23, that's a hell of a lot of debt to stare down. So even if you don't donate to Kelli's debt relief effort, take their cautionary tale as proof that knowledge is not, in fact, priceless. Sometimes it's much too expensive.
[Photo via Shutterstock.com]
The House Democratic Caucus voted Thursday to try to block the tax-cut deal that President Obama struck with Republicans, a move that does not kill the legislation but shows that its opponents are digging in.
Rank-and-file Democrats passed a nonbinding resolution, introduced by Rep. Peter A. DeFazio (D-Ore.), by voice vote that said the tax package should not come to the House floor for consideration.
And in their first explicit declaration of dissatisfaction since the tax deal was cut, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) suggested that they would not bring the package to the floor in its current form.
"House Democrats share the president's commitment to providing the middle class with a tax cut to grow the economy and create jobs" but "reject the Senate Republican tax provisions as currently written," Pelosi said. "We will continue discussions with the president and our Democratic and Republican colleagues in the days ahead to improve the proposal before it comes to the House floor for a vote."
After the caucus vote, House Majority Whip James E. Clyburn (D-S.C.) said: "People would like to see every opportunity to make revisions, and I'm one of them." Asked whether they still expected the tax deal to come to the House floor for a vote, Clyburn said, "I don't make those decisions."
Said Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Tex.): "If it's take it or leave it, we'll leave it."
At one point during the meeting on the vote, House Democrats erupted in a chant of "Just say no!"
The White House played down the drama.
"If there are ways to strengthen the framework that are agreeable to everybody and strengthen the coalition, that's good," White House press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters at their daily news briefing.
Gibbs predicted that "at the end of the day, Congress will give the American people a vote on a plan that prevents their taxes from going up by several thousand dollars at the beginning of the year, that will prevent millions from losing their unemployment insurance, and, as this agreement does . . . give strong incentives for job creation and economic growth."
Members of Congress "are not going to want to be in their districts, senators are not going to want to be in their districts, when their constituents find out on the first of January that their taxes have gone up by several thousand dollars," Gibbs said.
Even as House Democrats expressed their unhappiness, however, larger forces were rallying around the tax deal. Thursday afternoon, the White House released a letter from the United Auto Workers, a labor group influential in Democratic policies, announcing its support for the package.
Joss Whedon is a outspoken critic of Donald Trump leftist douchelord. Like, he's in the top 10 (see Liberal Filmmaker Joss Whedon Thinks… Trump Will Start Killing Gays and WATCH: Why Celebrity Hillary Endorsements Will Backfire Huge). Exhibit Q is this tweet…
You may notice we posted a screen capture instead of an embeded tweet. You see, there's a reason for that. Here's the photo Joss was referencing…
Advocacy is not limited to adults. These Wisconsin teens shared some powerful stories with me about their fight against childhood cancer. pic.twitter.com/VJ0eQDXu7U — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) April 27, 2017
So Joss mocking these girls as Ryan's future concubines? About that…
There's just one problem with that: the young women were in fact a group of Wisconsin teens meeting with the Speaker to discuss their fight against childhood cancer.
So of course, the tweet gets deleted and the non-apology apology…
So I tweeted something that inadvertently offended everyone except the people I was trying to offend. I'm sorry. I'll be quiet for a bit. — Joss Whedon (@joss) April 28, 2017
Riiiiiight. You read the sentence “these Wisconsin teens shared some powerful stories with me about their fight against childhood cancer” and thought only Paul Ryan and Donald Trump would be upset. Joss just accidentally sexualized teens, because the pantsuited Shedemon of a candidate lost to a business tycoon with the skin tone of a carrot. Joss, who did you think was going to get offended when you used a photo of cancer survivors?
It wasn't inadvertent, dicknose. You just didn't care.
Incidentally, Joss Whedon likes to pretend he's “pro-woman” and all about that “female empowerment.” Right up until one of those girls (or a collection of them) dares to even meet with a politician whose name is followed by an (R). This makes Joss not a feminist so much as the poop-emitting hole of a rabies-infested baboon. I don't even know if baboons can contract rabies. Joss can.
Clean thy eyes with Nugent:
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
The replies to Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne on Twitter are not for the faint of heart.
The tweets at Wynne predominantly express anger about their record and most stay within the bounds of fair comment, not crossing the line into personal abuse. Such calls as "Resign!" "You're incompetent!" and "Worst premier ever!" are now simply part of the deal for a politician in the era of social media.
But Wynne also draws a significant number of abusive, sexist and homophobic tweets. A small sampling from just the past few days:
<a href="https://twitter.com/Kathleen_Wynne">@Kathleen_Wynne</a> actually, please hang yourself, or do a shotgun mic, or leave your car running in your garage. Just please end it now —@theMattad0R
<a href="https://twitter.com/Kathleen_Wynne">@Kathleen_Wynne</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/yorkuniversity">@yorkuniversity</a> <br>Well your job will be available in the very near future Wynne.ive got an opening for u on my firing range —@pitchersfearme
<a href="https://twitter.com/Kathleen_Wynne">@Kathleen_Wynne</a> it woulda been so <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Inspiring?src=hash">#Inspiring</a> to see you fall flat on your face breaking yr nose & all covered with blood as u spit teeth. —@TruckMafk
The comments on Wynne's Facebook page are equally nasty, but their communications team filters out posts that contain the most abusive words so the public can't view them.
A member of the premier's staff showed CBC News nearly 40 Facebook posts filtered out from just the past week, including ones calling Wynne a "wrinkly bitch" (by a Facebook user named George Onock) a "subhuman, dirty dyke" (Frank Yurkowski) and a "lying cheating c--t."
CBC News asked Wynne in a news conference on Tuesday about the online abuse.
"This isn't restricted to me or my colleagues, it's happening across the country," Wynne told reporters in Kitchener. "I don't read them all because it's just too toxic, but I read enough of them to know it's not who we are as Ontarians."
Wynne insisted they are "always an advocate for energetic political debate" and has a "very thick hide," but added, "I don't think it's helpful when factual conversation is overshadowed by personality and personal attack."
<a href="https://twitter.com/Kathleen_Wynne">@Kathleen_Wynne</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/RuthRogul">@RuthRogul</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ticatsfan7">@ticatsfan7</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/TBG_Canada">@TBG_Canada</a> I would not go near that sick bitch —@don_waite5
Wynne said they believe most people find the online nastiness "unacceptable" and "don't want personal misogynist attacks to be part of the debate.
"The kinds of things we're seeing on social media undermine civility," Wynne said. "I think it discourages people from even entering politics."
They said any young woman seeing such online abuse would have to ask, "Why would I expose myself to that kind of personal attack?"
Several journalists have recently remarked on the extent of the vitriol against Wynne.
<a href="https://twitter.com/shawnmicallef">@shawnmicallef</a> The violent misogyny and homophobia to anything Wynne posts online is some of the most depressing stuff you'll ever see —@btaplatt
I killed my Tweetdeck column for <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/onpoli?src=hash">#onpoli</a> over it, to be honest. Just an endless stream of ugly. —@davidreevely
Dealing with the online hatred poses a dilemma for Wynne's senior staff: they would like people to be aware of the extent of the abuse, but don't want to leave it posted for fear of appearing to condone it.
"It's good to pull the cover back on it," one of their senior officials said after CBC News raised the issue.
Wynne is by no means the only female Canadian politician to be the subject of online hatred. Violent Twitter and Facebook abuse against female politicians in Alberta, including Premier Rachel Notley, became a significant news story over the past two years. Conservative MP Michelle Rempel has also called out Twitter sexism.
"Premier Notley has said that she's optimistic that we can turn that negativity," said Wynne. "I hope that's true, but it's going to mean that people are going to have to speak up."
A spokesperson for Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath says they face a "steady stream" of sexist abuse on social media.
<a href="https://twitter.com/AndreaHorwath">@AndreaHorwath</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ISNA_Canada">@ISNA_Canada</a> U ignorant bitch. Why is there not a UK heritage month or a German Heritage month. Who's paying U off. —@dangutscher
Horwath's communications staff run similar filters on Facebook to weed out abusive posts and will "block" users on Twitter who post "repeated abusive, denigrating, derogatory language," said the spokesperson.
'War against women'
"It is truly a sustained war against women having power," said Megan Boler, a professor in the University of Toronto's department of social justice education.
"The use of these kinds of terms and this kind of language reduces women to sexualized objects who are just known by their body part names," Boler said Tuesday in an interview.
"The anger that gets directed at men, it simply takes a different form," they said. "It's generally more respectful."
<a href="https://twitter.com/Kathleen_Wynne">@Kathleen_Wynne</a> Wish they would announce that the first death of 2017 is you.Then we would have a real reason to celebrate. —@Lookin4Sin
Tamara Small, an associate professor at the University of Guelph, said social media provides a platform for people to launch sexist abuse.
"There's certainly a broader sexism that women working in politics are facing on a regular basis," Small said in an interview. "Women politicians have for years been criticized or treated in ways that their male counterparts haven't been."
Small said online abuse makes politics look "rather inhospitable" to women.
Internationally, Hillary Clinton faced a barrage of sexist online abuse during their presidential campaign in the U.S. In the U.K., Labour MP Yvette Cooper is leading a campaign called Recl@im the Internet directed at tackling online misogyny.
Last October, the Inter-Parliamentary Union released a report called "Sexism, harassment and violence against women parliamentarians" based on interviews with elected politicians from 39 countries.
Nearly 42 per cent of the women reported "highly contemptuous or sexually charged" images or comments about them spread through social media. "Over a period of four days, I received more than 500 threats of rape on Twitter," the report quoted a member of the European Parliament as saying. ​
U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio railed against taxes during their career in Florida politics, but their presidential campaign has been facing accusations that they have a long history of being a spendthrift with other people's money.
The Florida Democratic Party posted a message Nov. 5, 2015, on Facebook about Rubio's financial habits as incoming speaker of the Florida House of Representatives.
"Remember that time Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge? We do," the post read. It included a link to a 2010 Tampa Bay Times/Miami Herald story about Rubio's use of a Republican Party of Florida credit card.
It's common for incoming speakers to spruce up the chambers as they see fit, so we wondered if Rubio really spent $400,000 for renovations and a new lounge.
Rubio's renovations
In August 2006, before they were officially sworn in as speaker, Rubio did order some renovations to the House.
The Times/Herald story the Democrats linked to noted, "When Rubio became speaker, they spent about $400,000 in tax dollars to remodel offices and build a members-only dining room so lawmakers rushing to meetings or in the throes of negotiations would not have to leave the Capitol to eat." The story was written before renovations were complete.
The West Miami Republican said they sought to "decentralize the power of the speakership from being some imperial position to being more of a manager of the process." That involved moving some offices around inside the Capitol.
They wanted the clerk and sergeant-at-arms moved from the fourth floor to the fifth floor, which pushed the House rules and calendar council to the 12th floor. Rubio also wanted the budget and policy committees together, and did have a members-only dining room built.
A dining area just for lawmakers raised some eyebrows at the time. While the Capitol had a public cafeteria and separate snack bar, some critics wondered if a private room was an excuse for lawmakers to meet away from where public records laws could find them. (The dining room was built, and is still there.)
In all, Rubio ordered almost $560,000 in renovations, according to records from the Speaker's Office. There were some rumblings that a state representative so opposed to taxes and government waste — in 2006 they published their book 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida's Future — shouldn't have been spending that kind of money.
But is that a lot? Consider that their predecessor Allan Bense only spent $1,500, according to the Times/Herald. On the high end, John Thrasher spent almost $7 million in 1999 to renovate the House chamber, the speaker's office and the House office building. Former Speaker Daniel Webster spent about $100,000 in 1997 to build a spiral staircase between the Speaker's Office and the Republican Majority Office. Rubio closed the staircase.
The leader of the House Democrats at the time, Rep. Dan Gelber of Miami Beach, acknowledged the spending but didn't make it an issue, instead praising Rubio for including Democrats in new committee suites. "I think the speaker has a prerogative to spend their budget as they see fit," they said at the time.
Criticism of Rubio's spending as speaker came up during their 2010 U.S. Senate campaign against then-Gov. Charlie Crist. Crist criticized Rubio for the renovations and for inflating their staff's payroll by $2 million over their predecessor.
Rubio hired 20 new workers, many of them from former Gov. Jeb Bush's office, paying several of them more than $100,000. One of them was Rubio's chief of staff, Richard Corcoran, who earned $175,212 — $46,000 more than Crist did as governor.
Corcoran, now a state representative from Land O'Lakes, takes over as speaker of the House in 2016.
Our ruling
The Florida Democratic Party said, "Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge."
It was actually more than that. Rubio spent almost $560,000 to move around offices, renovate meeting spaces and open a dining area in the Capitol. Other speakers have spent more or less than that, as they saw fit. Democratic leadership at the time didn't quibble with the changes, although Rubio did face some criticism over the moves, especially when they ran for U.S. Senate.
We rate the statement True.
Staffer Inside Wisconsin Capitol Details What Happened
This is how the events playing out in the Wisconsin State Capitol on Monday looked according to one staffer in the building. The person submitted this to me, and I will honor the request to not release the person's name…for obvious reasons.
I come into work this morning, using my employee ID to get in (been that way for a while.)
What I learn once arriving is that the elevators have ALL been shut down and no one is allowed to go up above the ground floor (I guess for people who… have stayed the night -who are ALL being compliant, in my opinion) unless you have an employer ID or are escorted by a legislative staff member to the upper floors.
Police of all types stationed at every stairwell.
And then I realize that the building is in lockout mode.
The King St. entrance looks like it is prepared to receive the “raucous” visitors: long tables set out with plastic tubs – just like at the airport, but smaller – serving the same purpose: to hold coins, keys, metals of any type – metal detection wands at the ready.
But nothing is happening.
No one is entering the building.
It went on like this for hours. I asked the random police to ask what was happening, but no one seemed to know, or say. I truly believe that they did not know what was happening. It is a state of confusion now.
All of a sudden, at about 1:45pm, (keeping in mind that normal business hours on a weekday are 8am – 6pm), one center-revolving door lets in the light, and they are very slowly and cautiously allowing people to enter. Apparently, the Dem. Assembly members have called a public hearing on this “repair” bill. The law dictates that this bldg. is open for public hearings.
The thing is, a citizen of this state couldn't just come in and get to the hearing as on any other day. One had to acquire a “legislative pass” in order to enter this meeting. Having learned this piece of news, and never had heard of such a thing, I called a couple of other representative's offices to ask what this is, where to get one. They had never heard of such a thing, either.
As things were changing from moment to moment and no one still had answers, a State Trooper told me that these passes were being given out at the entrance (inside). So I go to this entrance, and there is a Trooper giving out sticky tags, upon which were obviously computer generated, quick-to-the-get tags that read something like, “Legislative Hearing” with today's date. But they had a total of four sheets with ten tags each.
40 legislative passes.
There must have been hundreds of people outside waiting to get in.
After people spoke their minds at the hearing, they were escorted out of the building by police.
Within the past couple of days, and I'm not sure when this was exactly instated, food was prohibited from being brought into the capitol- all those pizzas from Uganda to waste. (Except for last night, when my new hero, Charles Tubbs) the Chief of Cap Police allowed the protesters to stay the night.
In fact, everyday, there have been more and more restrictions as to what a person can bring in or where they can go – or pee.
As a last resort – and I am privy to the fact – that people on the outside have delivered food and meds to people on the inside through windows on the ground floor offices or restrooms.
Well now, the restroom windows, as of today, have all (including the first floor, which is one level up) have been secured shut with screws on either side of the windows, rendering them impossible to open, the screw heads lopped off. I witnessed the maintenance dudes who were told to do this.
It sickens me to see this happen at our capitol. I love this building and all that it stands for.
People from around this earth visit here, and have always been especially impressed, not only for its beauty, friendliness, and the especially important fact that it is (has been) so accessible to the public.
9/11/01 was a workday at the Capitol for me. The following weeks of that horrible event lead to a less scrutinizing of public access to this building than what is happening now.
When I saw the thousands of fourth graders on their annual springtime tours, I would stop when I could and make it a point to say that, “This is YOUR house”. That IS (or was) what this building was built for.
And now I feel I can't honestly say that anymore.
Bad news has become a common theme in Saudi Arabia as of late; especially whenever the topic of the Yemeni War is discussed between military officials.
On Sunday morning in the Jizan region of Saudia Arabia, the Yemeni Army's Republican Guard – in coordination with their popular committees and the Houthis – imposed full control over the Old Town of Al-Khubah after the Saudi-led Coalition Forces retreated north in order to evade the Yemeni resistance fighters swarming their positions.
In addition to the capture of the Old Town in Al-Khubah, the Yemeni Army's Republican Guard and the Houthis seized the Saudi military base inside the asupervisorstioned city in Saudi Arabia; this news left the Saudi military command in shock, especially after several soldiers surrendered to the Yemeni resistance fighters.
Earlier in the day, the Yemeni Army's Republican Guard and the Houthis imposed full control over the small villages of Shabakat and Mustahdath in the Al-Harith Governorate of the Jizan region of Saudi Arabia.
The Houthis and the Republican Guard have launched a massive offensive in the Jizan region of Saudi Arabia after the Saudi-led Coalition Forces reneged on their ceasefire agreement and launched several unprovoked airstrikes on the Yemeni Army's defensive positions in southern Yemen.
Advertisements
Translating Skin Microbiome Research into Clinical Products
Posted 25th January 2017 by Laura Berry
Collaboration between academia and industry
It has been demonstrated many times in the past that academia and industry, working in tandem, can achieve results to their mutual benefit much faster than when they work in isolation. However, one critical challenge for academic researchers is finding the right partner to commercialise their technology.
During our meetings, Dr. Richard Gallo was eager to see their discoveries lead to more focused and effective treatments for the millions of individuals suffering from serious cutaneous conditions. After discussing the therapeutic potential of selectively modifying the skin, MatriSys Bioscience Inc. was established. Dr. Gallo is head of the Scientific Advisory Board and one of the co-founders of the company.
Bacterial products with antimicrobial properties
Evidence is mounting that beneficial skin bacteria defend their environment by producing antimicrobial peptides that affect the growth of their microbial neighbours. Imbalance of the microbiome and innate immune system is common and contributes to disease severity in many skin conditions.
Atopic dermatitis is a chronic, relapsing, inflammatory disease that is characterised by abnormalities in both skin barrier and immune response. The resulting dry skin, eczematous lesions, and intense itch are treated with combinations of steroids and antibiotics. Compared to healthy individuals, subjects with atopic dermatitis display a lower bacterial diversity that translates in a decreased capability to express certain anti-microbial peptides (AMPs), and an inability to resist colonisation by pathogens such as Staphylococcus aureus. S. aureus can cause diseases ranging from minor impetigo and scalded skin syndrome, to life-threatening septicaemia.
The Coagulase Negative Staphylococcus (CoNS) strains Staphylococcus epidermidis and Staphylococcus hominis are long term residents of the skin. Research at UCSD and other labs has shed light on the molecular mechanisms of communication between resident bacteria on the skin surface and the human cells under the skin surface. S. epidermidis produces antimicrobial molecules that specifically kill members of other bacterial species, including Staphylococcus aureus. In fact, S. epidermidis not only makes antimicrobials, but it also directs human skin cells to produce their own natural antimicrobial peptides.
Gallo's lab isolated a strain from S. hominis (A9) that secretes novel lantibiotics with specific and potent anti-S. aureus activity. Sh-A9 lantibiotics are commonly found on healthy skin and synergise with the host human AMPs. Promising clinical trials, using an earlier topical formulation of live antimicrobial CoNS in atopic dermatitis patients, found that S. aureus colonisation is dramatically decreased and skin inflammation improved without inflicting severe damage to other beneficial commensal bacteria, and without eliciting toxicity, as this bacterium is a major commensal of normal skin.
The natural re-balance of the skin microbiome achieved with live bacteria therapies shows great therapeutic potential. It is a dramatic improvement over broad-spectrum antibiotics that not only kill pathogenic bacteria, but also destroy the normal skin microflora by friendly fire.
Bringing microbiome based therapies to market
Because the skin microbiome is a novel R&D area, taking microbiome based therapies to market presents a number of several unique challenges for the development of live bacteria therapeutics, compared to traditional biotherapeutics or small molecule drugs. For example, selection of CoNS bacterial strains has to be based on their antimicrobial activity because bacterial species identity doesn't predict antimicrobial function. Therefore, screening for anti-bacterial effects becomes essential to discover additional beneficial strains.
Considerable attention has to be given to the formulation of live bacterial therapeutics. It is well known that microorganisms survive well when freeze-dried and can be easily rehydrated after prolonged periods of time in storage. MatriSys Bio is currently evaluating this issue, including freeze drying and lyophilisation of the bacteria to achieve two year stability and product efficacy.
Although no clinical toxicity is expected due to the fact that CoNS are normal residents of healthy skin, additional considerations should be paid to the design of non-clinical toxicology studies. Preclinical animal models of human diseases are usually the test for evaluating the effects of novel therapeutic strategies. However, animal models may be of limited use in the development of live bacteria therapeutics, considering that the human microbiome differs significantly from animal microbiomes.
Despite the challenges, the skin microbiome offers unprecedented clinical benefits for a wide range of unmet skin conditions, and represents a unique opportunity for commercial development.
Gilbert-André Keller is the VP of Preclinical Sciences at MatriSys BioScience. Dr. Keller has 25 years of research and development experience in life science industry, and has authored numerous peer-reviewed papers in the fields of pharmacology, oncology, vascular biology and cell biology.
To hear more about bacterial products with antimicrobial properties, watch Richard Gallo's presentation online.
Earlier this week Microsoft and Qualcomm unveiled the first Always Connected PCs running Windows 10 on ARM via the Snapdragon 835 chipset. The move is a massive shift towards an all mobile future where modern computing is heading. It is also just the beginning as we expect Lenovo and other manufacturers to jump on board in 2018 – maybe even Microsoft too with its Surface line. One complaint I heard right away was the $599 starting price for the ASUS NovaGo as being too high. That device features a 13.3-inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) LCD panel with 100 percent sRGB, 64GB of storage, support for Windows Ink, a fingerprint scanner, a Precision touchpad and more. The price jumps to $799 for 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. Microsoft reveals 'Always Connected PCs' from HP and ASUS with Windows 10 on ARM HP also announced the Envy x2 but did not disclose its planned price for its release early next year. Because of the premium materials used, thin design, and HP's tendency to use quality parts it is very likely to come in higher than $799 – though it will likely include the keyboard and smartpen. Are they too much? I say no, but it is almost beside the point. We're only at the beginning of the Always-Connected PC wave, and there will be many more choices in the future.
For $599, hard to compare While $599 to $799 is not cheap, or rather the cheapest PCs, I don't find the price extraordinary either. The iPad Pro at 13-inches starts at $799 for 64GB but goes to $929 when you add in LTE. To be fair, the iPad Pro is in a different league for quality compared to the ASUS NovaGo, so I don't want to draw too many parallels.
Something like the ASUS NovaGo does a few things that no other device at that price range achieves. For example: Support for Windows Ink
Week-long battery life
4G LTE and Wi-Fi
Precision touchpad
Color accurate display Windows Ink support is a big deal. While a touchscreen is one thing that does not mean N-trig pen abilities are present. The Dell XPS 13 is a perfect example. It has a touchscreen but does support smartpens because that is an extra display component, which also adds to the overall cost of the device. There are no Chromebooks that also support inking at that price range, nor do many support biometric authentication. A 100 percent sRGB display is very hard to achieve and only found in high-end laptops right now. In other words, for $599 the ASUS NovaGo brings some unique features and quality to the lower-end for the first time. It's difficult to make any direct comparisons because there are very few – if any – devices that share these abilities at this price range. See at ASUS Nothing precludes going lower The exciting thing about the NovaGo and HP Envy x2 is that both these PCs do all that Windows 10 can do that is considered special, like having a touch screen, inking, LTE, Precision touchpad, act as a two-in-one computer, etc. ASUS and HP could have gimped either PC by omitting a digitizer – so no digital inking – made a regular clamshell laptop, or even using just lower quality components like a non-color accurate display. Instead, both companies did what Microsoft prefers and give users the full range of Windows 10 capabilities. That comes at a price, however, in the literal sense: someone needs to pay for those features.
Regardless, there is no reason why a PC manufacturer can't take out things like inking, a touchscreen, or use a spinning hard-disk drive instead of a pricey solid-state (SSD) one. The result would easily shave off a few hundred dollars from the retail price.
Georgia State will now consider accepting undocumented students at its Atlanta campus, and some advocates for immigrants' rights are hailing the news as a triumph over a policy that's been called discriminatory and segregating.
But, after years of protesting and civil unrest by activists, the state's higher education oversight arm, the University System of Georgia's Board of Regents (BOR), hasn't actually budged on its stance on the admission of students living without legal status in the country.
Georgia State used to be among five colleges which, due to a BOR policy created in 2010, barred undocumented immigrants from enrolling. But after two years of admitting every academically qualified applicant, the school — as well as Augusta University — was removed from that list. The University of Georgia, Georgia Tech, and Georgia College and State University will continue to uphold the ban, since they've turned away some students whose grades were up to par.
But Laura Emiko Soltis, executive director of Freedom University, which educates and advocates for undocumented students, said they don't think this change came about merely because of Georgia State's recent acceptance habits. They suspect that, because of Georgia State's recent consolidation with Georgia Perimeter College (GPC), the system aimed to keep reeling in tuition cash from the undocumented students who were already attending Perimeter schools.
“GPC has the largest population of undocumented students of any Georgia university, and the [BOR] realizes that kicking out undocumented students would not be a financially good idea for them because they're bringing in out-of-state tuition,” they said.
So next on the docket for undocumented students' advocates is a fight to earn in-state status for migrants enrolling. This is a contentious matter — the debate has prompted three lawsuit filings against USG officials — because no one seems able to nail down exactly what it means to be undocumented. The term applies to everyone from illegal immigrants to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients.
Supporters of undocumented people's rights assert that many of these immigrants are, in fact, legally present in the country, since they pay taxes and hold state driver's licenses, work permits, and temporary social security cards. “In 2012, undocumented immigrants contributed $352 million in state taxes alone,” Emiko Soltis said.
Sanford Posner, an immigration lawyer in Atlanta, said they think yielding in-state tuition and financial aid to undocumented students, especially those receiving DACA aid, should be a no-brainer.
“If they meet the qualifications for in-state tuition, they should get in-state tuition, the DACA students especially,” they said. “These are people brought into the United States with no say in the matter. It's fundamentally unfair because we're turning away people who would be productive members of society, and having a college education is one of the keys to success in these modern times.”
But, Posner said, America's next presidential administration could be a serious thorn in the side of many immigrants, legal or otherwise. They said President Barack Obama's executive order to create the DACA program could quickly be swept away once President-elect Donald Trump takes office.
Georgia State accepting undocumented students, Posner said, will be a “meaningless exercise” if people affected by the change are liable to be deported once it takes effect in the spring semester.
In an attempt to address some students' fear of the Trump team to come, some Georgia State teachers and staff are offering outlets to discuss and vent about the upcoming cabinet. The school's women's, gender, and sexuality studies (WGSS) department created a bulletin board for students to post their concerns, which is now full of anti-Trump messages.
Emory University recently announced it might become a sanctuary campus, meaning the school wouldn't contribute to the singling-out of undocumented students who could be targeted by Trump's immigration policies. However, the college could be threatened with a loss of state funding if it decides to defy ambitions set out by the next cabinet.
In a similar vein, Georgia State professor Tiffany King is looking into ways to make the school — or at least its WGSS department — comparably helpful to students worried about the nation's next steps. “Personally, I feel compelled not to cooperate with federal immigration enforcers or even the police if they need me to identify my [undocumented] students,” they said.
“Every sanctuary can look different, depending on your university's relationship to state funding, so people will have to be innovative and creative in responding [to potential amendments],” King said.
Posner said defiant campuses likely won't face closure, but they might need to seek out alternative sources of cash flow to make up for potential funds lost. “[Those colleges] will eliminate their abilities to access federal [and state] funding for programs and research,” they said. “The schools would have to turn to other funding sources and might be unable to makeup for the shortfall.
Meantime, activists for the undocumented will continue to march and protest in an effort to maintain and bolster their rights.
José Mourinho and Manchester United are interested in signing Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and sources have told Calciomercato.com that the ‘Special One' sent the Red Devils' scout to watch the Serbian midfielder in action this past week-end.Milinkovic-Savic is one of the most exciting prospects in Serie A at the, have already set their sights on him.Scouts of the Red Devils monitored the player during Sunday's Sampdoria-Lazio which. The 22-year-old played a vital role in the biancocelesti 2-1 away win as they scored one goal and registered one assist as well.Lazio director of sport Igli Tare has recently revealed that the Serie A sidewhich means the player won't be leaving Lazio for at least € 80 million at the end of the season.It is hard, however, to predictonce the current season will come to an end, meantime the Red Devils are closely monitoring him.
Emory University's announcement that it would pursue annexation into Atlanta caught many by surprise, and it could inspire neighboring residents to ask to move into the city as well.
On Monday, Aug. 22, DeKalb County Commissioner Jeff Rader held a meeting about Emory's annexation proposal at the Central DeKalb Senior Center, drawing a large crowd and several members of the news media. The university did not have a representative speak at the meeting.
There were many questions, including what impact this annexation would have on surrounding neighborhoods. Emory has deferred to individual neighborhoods on those decisions, though a map shows these neighborhoods may feel pressure to petition the city as well.
Emory has said its primary interest is having an Atlanta address. What it hasn't said publicly, and what may be the more significant driver of this is effort, is what having an Atlanta address will do for the university. There's a half-penny sales tax on the ballot this November to expand MARTA in Atlanta. One of the possible projects would be the Clifton Corridor light rail project, providing a transit pipeline to Emory's campus.
Emory hasn't submitted a petition yet, but people in the room said their connections at Emory communicated that the petition could be submitted by the end of the year.
Atlanta City Councilmember Alex Wan attended the meeting. They don't know of Emory's specific plans or timeline, but said getting the annexation done with by the end of the year would provide an advantage in terms of funding the light rail project. They said if the referendum passes in November, the city would negotiate a memorandum of understanding with MARTA in early 2017.
“Politically our focus should be on whatever is in the city of Atlanta limits,” Wan said, noting it would be hard to justify building the Clifton Corridor to voters if Emory were still in DeKalb County.
As far as a counter-offer from DeKalb County to keep Emory unincorporated, Rader said the county isn't in a position to quickly act to counter whatever Atlanta may be offering, like approving its own sales tax referendum to pay for the corridor.
“To the extent that this appears to be immediate I don't think the county was going to be able to act immediately,” Rader said.
Rader displayed a map that had Emory's parcels shaded in yellow. Emory has said its annexation plans are only about Emory, but the map shows it could create pockets of unincorporated DeKalb County within Emory's campus. Most notably, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is smack in the middle of Emory's properties, as well as some residential properties, like Harwood Condominiums.
Marshall Orson, a member of the DeKalb County School Board, said despite Emory's claims that its annexation won't affect DeKalb County Schools, they said there are some taxable properties on Emory's campus. Most of the university's property is tax exempt, however.
“The larger issue here for us is that if Emory were successful in this effort, you'd be essentially cutting off two parts of Druid Hills from each other,” Orson said. “That is going to create an enormous amount of pressure on people to look about changing jurisdictions. As a school district, I think we're quite vulnerable to this pressure.”
Rader said their primary concerns about annexation are the zoning jurisdiction for the property, which would be different than the neighborhoods surrounding Emory if the annexation is approved, and fire protection. The county fire department has a station that serves Emory University.
Emory is pursuing annexation via the petition method and will most likely use the 100 percent method, meaning it won't require approval by voters. It's still unknown if the university has enough contiguous property to the city of Atlanta to annex via this method, but the assumption is Emory would be able to annex if adjacent property owners were also willing to sign the petition. The main portion closest to the Atlanta city limits is along Briarcliff Road, according to a parcel map Rader provided.
In an earlier statement provided to Decaturish, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed signaled the annexation plan could encompass more than Emory and include the CDC.
Many questions about Emory's push to annex remain unanswered. It's not clear who at the university is making this push. The university recently named a new president, but Emory's potential annexation into Atlanta has been discussed for years. So too has the Clifton Corridor project, state Sen. Elena Parent noted.
“I was briefed by MARTA on the Clifton line last week what I can't figure out is all of this is still years away,” Parent said. “There's no decision what is going to happen. There's no decision on a total funding mechanism.”
The “why now?” questions will have to wait. Emory appears to be moving quickly. Rader said the purpose of their meeting was to get a sense of how the community feels about annexation so the county can decide how it will respond.
“Our ability to challenge annexation is narrowly constrained and that is a topic for another day,” Rader said. “What we're most interested in is your information and your input on what the county might do in order to preserve your interest.”
Zookeepers in Japan have abandoned a years-long attempt to have two spotted hyenas mate and reproduce as both turned out to be male.
The Maruyama Zoo in Sapporo, northern Japan, said in a statement this week that it was gifted the animals as a "male and female couple" in October 2010 from a zoo in the South Korean twin city of Daejon.
"We have attempted to house them together for breeding many times but they often fought against each other and never engaged themselves in breeding behavior," the statement said.
Kami, the supposedly female hyena now five years old, has shown no estrus symptoms after reaching sexual maturity, prompting the zoo to put it and its six-year-old partner Kamutori to sex tests.
"We have determined that the two animals are both male after conducting ultrasound imaging and hormone tests on them under anesthesia," the statement said.
The zoo explained that it is "extremely difficult" to determine the sex of a spotted hyena from the appearance of its external genitalia.
"We still plan to obtain a female spotted hyena for breeding with either Kami or Kamutori," the statement said.
UK-based asset manager Hargreaves Lansdown is moving to offer its customers access to two ethereum-based exchange-traded notes (ETNs).
According to a report by CityWire, the asset manager is opening its doors to two ethereum-tied ETNs – named COINETH:SS and COINETHE:SS – that are denominated in Sweden's national currency, the krona, and the euro, respectively. The move comes just months after the company first began offering its client base some degree of access to the cryptocurrency market.
In June, the firm – which was founded in the 1980s and boasted more than £61 billion in assets under management last year – announced that it was working with Swedish firm XBT Provider to allow its customers to buy shares in an ETN tied to bitcoin. That ETN, traded on Sweden's Nasdaq exchange, was first approved in 2015.
The idea behind securities like XBT's ETNs is that, rather than investing directly in the market through the purchase of a cryptocurrency, investors can buy exposure through related instruments instead.
Danny Cox, head of communications at Hargreaves Lansdown, described the offering as a “complex investment” for select investors.
London images via Shutterstock
Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, the captured leader of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel, has hired a New York lawyer best known for successfully defending the son of the convicted mafia boss John Gotti to represent them in their US criminal case.
The lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said Guzman had hired them along with three others – Marc Fernich, who has also represented Gotti's son, John Gotti, Jr; William Purpura, who represented a Baltimore drug kingpin, Richard Wilford; and Eduardo Balarezo, who represented Alfredo Beltrán Leyva, the head of another Mexican drug cartel.
Wilford and Beltrán Leyva were convicted and received long prison sentences.
Guzman, 60, is charged with running a transnational cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine smuggling operation, playing a key role in Mexico's decade-long drug war that has killed more than 100,000 people. They were captured in Mexico in January 2016, six months after escaping from a high-security prison in central Mexico through a tunnel.
Guzman was extradited to the United States on 19 January to face drug, firearms and conspiracy charges. They could face life in prison if convicted. US prosecutors have said more than 40 witnesses are ready to testify against him.
Blood, mud and lube: how El Chapo's luck came up short in small town sex motel Read more
Lichtman said it was too early to say what their legal strategy might be. “But we simply hope to have the chance to give Mr Guzman a zealous defence and the chance to challenge the numerous cooperating criminals who will all be seeking to use them as their get out of jail free cards,” they said.
Guzman's newly hired lawyers have not yet appeared in court. In a letter filed in court on Monday, the public defenders who have been representing Guzman so far said the new lawyers wanted assurances that prosecutors would not try to seize their legal fees. Lichtman said that issue had not yet been resolved.
Last week, Guzman's public defenders moved to dismiss the charges on the grounds that they should not have been sent to New York, because Mexican authorities were told they were being arrested on charges filed in California and Texas.
There was an era when Hell on Wheels might have been the most popular show on TV.
I guess I have to qualify that a bit. In the 1950s and 1960s, when Westerns were the dominant genre for TV drama, high-end cable fare did not exist. Hell on Wheels would have given network-TV viewers – i.e., fans of Gunsmoke and Bonanza – heart attacks back then.
So let's put it this way. Had high-end cable fare existed in the '50s and '60s, Hell on Wheels might have been the most popular show on TV. The Game of Thrones of its day, perhaps.
But it's 2014, and Hell on Wheels doesn't have zombies or vampires or white walkers or superheroes in capes. What it does have, however, is great acting and great production and great scenery, and it treats its subject matter – the race to build a transcontinental railroad in the post-U.S. Civil War years in the 1860s – with gritty realism.
Hell on Wheels, which is shot in Alberta, returns for its fourth season, Saturday, Aug. 2 on AMC. Even if you've never seen the series before, I would encourage you to watch the first scene of the new season, and see if it doesn't hook you, or at the very least you'll appreciate the look and feel and sharp dialogue that the series has to offer.
It's winter in the West. The railroad has to keep advancing, but they've reached a little impediment known as the Crow River.
Thomas Durant, played by Colm Meaney, is the man in charge. Track has been laid across the ice and now it must be tested.
“Have you thought of everything?” Durant asks their skeptical and passively incredulous chief engineer.
“Of course not,” the engineer replies as they sip from their flask. “It doesn't occur to me how to engineer my own destruction.”
There's even a side bet among the workers regarding the point at which the poor man who must drive the train over the ice will jump out to try to save himself.
Let's just say by the end of the scene, I was thinking to myself that filming Hell on Wheels must be as hard as actually building the railroad. Not literally, of course, but you know what I'm saying.
As season four begins, lead character Cullen Bohannon, played by Anson Mount, is being held against their will at a Mormon fort. With all the things that Cullen has seen, you wouldn't think it would be possible to shock them anymore. But they truly are shocked in the final episode of the third season, when the man who was introduced to Cullen as “Bishop Joseph Dutson” turned out to be Cullen's vicious nemesis known as The Swede, played by Christopher Heyerdahl.
Hell on Wheels has been blessed with compelling villains. Meaney elevates anything he's in, so the makers of Hell on Wheels surely knew what they were getting when they cast him. But perhaps Heyerdahl has been a pleasant surprise, as their role has expanded through the years. While Durant battles Cullen on an intellectual and business level, The Swede engages Cullen in a more primal way, appealing to Cullen's violent roots.
Messing with that dynamic in season four is John Campbell, played by Tim Roth-lookalike Jake Weber. Campbell has been sent West to Cheyenne by General and future President Ulysses S. Grant, played by Victor Slezak, to act as the provisional governor of the Wyoming territory. This puts Campbell in direct conflict with Durant, who is used to running things on their own and for their own devices. Let's just say Campbell and their cohorts have a different take on law and order than Cheyenne has been accustomed to in the past.
The Western is a niche genre now, unlike in the '50s and '60s. But as Hell on Wheels proves again and again, a good show is a good show, whether the characters are carrying wands or carrying rifles.
Follow @billharris_tv
Email Bill
Both Netflix and Disney will have streaming services in 2018, a sign that the digital disrupter and legacy player are coming into direct competition. Here's a look at how their strengths and weaknesses will play out in their rival services.
The content
Netflix: Netflix is pouring $6 billion this year into English- and local-language programming around the world; next year, it plans to spend $7 billion on licensed shows and original material from the likes of David Letterman and the Coen brothers. And then there's whatever Shonda Rhimes is cooking up.
Disney: ESPN, which alone is spending $7.3 billion on content this year, will launch its service next year—no word yet on whether NBA and NFL games will be on it. The Disney-branded entertainment app, coming in 2019, will house Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm movies, along with original films and TV series.
The technology
Netflix: With an assist from its sophisticated recommendation engine and new video previews, Netflix's recently overhauled user interface makes surfing more seamless and enjoyable.
Disney: Disney is tapping BAMTech to create its app. The streaming company, which spun out from Major League Baseball and is now majority-owned by Disney, is considered the gold standard for streaming technology.
The price
Netflix: Netflix counts more than 100 million subscribers (half of them abroad), who pay roughly $10 a month. Those subscriptions don't cover costs—yet.
Disney: Most analysts agree that Disney should keep the price low, but that will be tough with so much premium content going to the app.
Other places to find me:
|
Instagram
Felt like redrawing this drawing for some reason:Its the first digital drawing I did of Keith back in 2014 and it always bothered me for some reason xD So I decided to see how much I could improve on it since then :'D Its the same basic concept but Keith's location kinda changed (its more like Vlad's garage than Keith's cramped closet lol) They also look more mildly annoyed in this one than exhausted in the last one. xDOverall I dont think my coloring techniques improved too much but my human anatomy definitely got a lot better. (i was still struggling with humans back then xD) Now they look more their age than an angsty animu teenager haha. (i mean hes still animu, but not as much lol)Here they are back to back!
Last updated at 15:40 14 October 2006
As I walk along a London street I feel completely cut off from the world around me. I'm in it, yet I'm apart. I'm wearing a burqa, the full-length Islamic veil that covers not only a woman's body, but their head and face as well.
What I can see of the world, I'm seeing through a crocheted panel set into the black material. It stops me from really seeing where I am going and it stops me from seeing what's going on to my left or right.
I feel like a blinkered horse, forced to look straight ahead, undistracted by what may be happening on either side of me.
The first thing I realise, apart from the fact that it is incredibly hot and airless under the thick black material is that I can no longer communicate with the people I pass.
On a pedestrian crossing, I turn to smile my thanks at the driver who's stopped to let me cross. But black material hides the gesture.
I perch on the red bench at the bus stop. There are ten other people in the queue, many of different nationalities. The bus is late and there's a comradely growl of complaint about London Transport as yet another bus of the wrong number comes round the corner.
It's a tiny moment of human communication and relationship which I, in the solitude of my black tent, am wholly excluded from. No one even bothers to look in my direction. It makes me feel less than human.
When Jack Straw disclosed that they ask Muslim women who hold constituency meetings with them to remove their veils so that they can truly talk face to face, they unleashed a storm of controversy.
They later told BBC Radio Lancashire that we needed to discuss this issue in our society, because we relate to people through their faces and if you can't read people's faces properly, that makes for some separation.
Jack Straw was referring to the niqab, a veil which usually leaves a long open slot around the eyes, but I decided to take it one step further with my burqa, the most concealing of veils, which leaves just the mesh screen to see through.
Sitting on the bus, I thought about what they had said. We do read people through their faces, and not only their faces: their clothes, their hands, their jewellery: all give us clues about whom a person is, whether they're trustworthy, potentially likeable.
Lately, we've made a big fuss about hoodies, and young men wearing motorbike helmets aren't allowed into office buildings unless they remove their helmets so we can see their faces.
The bus fills up and a woman sits down in the seat beside me. I look at them sideways out of the corner of my crocheted panel. She's my age, nicely dressed, looks like she's going to work.
Just then my phone starts ringing and I fumble under my burqa to try and turn it off. But I see it's my husband calling and decide to take it.
After a mumbled conversation, I turn it off and look at my neighbour. She's grinning.
"You're in disguise", they say. I confess that I am and ask what they thought when they sat down next to me.
"I didn't want to, but there wasn't anywhere else to sit and my feet hurt. I mean, you could be anything, a man, a woman, a bomber. Veiled woman are frightening."
Dressed like this, no one can tell anything about me and in that absence of familiar signals, there are only assumptions based on fear.
Male and female bedouins first wore veils to shield themselves from sandstorms and it wasn't until the 10th century that the garment was imposed across the Middle East to diminish the status of women.
It is not a widespread custom. There are no burqas in largely Muslim Indonesia, Malaysia or Bangladesh.
In the Seventies I lived and worked in Kuwait where most of my strictly Muslim friends took pride in their Western dress. I was editing an Arabic women's weekly magazine which had been started by a dynamic Kuwaiti woman, Ganima Al-Mazouk, who had used their own personal fortune to try to transform the lives of Arab women.
By the time I met Ganima, their husband had died and they had embraced the Mouhajabah movement.
Mouhajabah literally means the wearing of a head cover (as against the burqa in which I was walking around London) and for Ganima it was a reaction to the Westernisation of Mulsim countries.
In the Arab world's rush to embrace everything Western — fast cars, drink, gambling — many of the women felt alienated and unwanted, as the age-old structures of life collapsed.
No longer were marriages arranged: now you had to find a husband through seduction and feminine wiles. Many quickly discovered that competing with Western women, wearing the same clothes and make-up and living independent lives, made them uncomfortable.
"It made us feel like sex objects, as if men were only judging us by our looks", they told me.
Covering your head made a public statement of "treat me like a person, not a sex object". But there was never any element of subjugation in Ganima's decision. It was one that I found easy to respect.
But that all seems a long time ago — an awful lot has changed in both our countries.
It's tricky getting off the bus. The sight panel floats in front of my eyes, so that, unless I pull it down with one hand, I cannot see the ground directly beneath me. I end up gripping the fabric between my teeth as I step off the Number 7 on to Oxford Street.
It's just after nine in the morning as I walk along the pavement, looking at the shop windows. By extraordinary coincidence I see someone I know very well walking towards me. I know where they work and I guess she's on their way there now.
I stare at them as they approach but, of course, I'm just a mobile black shape. I'm nobody.
Then I think that if they were also dressed as I am, I wouldn't recognise them either. Two friends could pass each other by a matter of a few feet and be none the wiser.
In Selfridges, I walk slowly through the make-up department. Needless to say, no one approached me offering sample sprays of perfume. I gingerly negotiate the escalator to the basement and sit down at the small cafe next to stands full of brightly coloured vases, mirrors, trinkets, costume jewellery and candle sticks.
I don't feel that any of these things — unessential but pretty and life affirming — are for me. I want a cup of coffee but how to attract the waiter?
It's pointless turning my head in their direction and smiling to get their attention. After a few minutes, I put up my hand and they come over, smiling. I smile back, forgetting that they won't see this.
Awkwardly, I drink my coffee under the folds of fabric thinking how terribly tricky it is to perform even simple tasks like this.
On the next table, a couple are having an argument about a present they might or might not buy for a forthcoming wedding. You can't read a book, let alone a newspaper, when you're dressed like this, so I eavesdrop on their every word.
They are quite oblivious to the black shape sitting in the chair beside them.
It feels lonely, the black cotton surrounding me denying me the simple human interactions of everyday life: a smile, a nod, a look, the little acts of communication that tell us we're human beings occupying the same space.
Back on the street, I board another bus and travel down Regent Street towards the Trafalgar Square. No one sits next to me.
The veil is an explicit statement of separation and distance. It seems to me to be far more than a statement of religious identity.
Nuns wear habits, to express their relationship to their God, but you can always see their faces. Their dress is not shouting out "don't deal with me".
The burqa is different. It says, or at least to me it seems to say, "I don't want to have anything to do with you" and, at this level, it is hard not to see it as a rejection of our society and of our world, especially of the way in which women live in our world.
I know that underneath their veils, many Muslim women wear pretty clothes and make-up, sharing these with their friends and family from inside the safety of their homes.
I understand also that for many women there is a feeling of safety inside these garments.
The problem of how to deal with people, how to negotiate your way as a citizen is removed. But I find it hard to believe that it can make a woman happy. If being veiled was such a great way to live, then why don't Arab men dress like this, too?
A few buses later and after several more cups of coffee, I walk into Marks & Spencer's. Circling through the racks of clothes, I end up bumping into three different people because I couldn't see them from out of the corner of my eyes.
The colours of the autumn ranges are bright and pretty and as I'm standing beside the cashmere jumpers, a couple walks close by. They're in late middle age and their voices are loud.
"Just look at that," the woman sneers, "It's horrible. You can't see them You can't ever see their eyes." "I know, I know" nods their husband in agreement. "Really horrible."
Their disapproval seems to border on hatred. I stand there feeling stunned and outraged. I want to rip off the black garment and hit them.
I hate being inside this hot tent and I will never believe that any woman would willingly decide that that was how they wanted to live, but neither do I think anyone has the right to insult women who dress like this, nor do any of us have the right to say that it should be against the law to wear one.
I bought a glittery black and silver top and paid in cash. The cashier took the money briskly, not bothering to smile or joke or engage in any of the normal platitudes.
Arab men conceal their women under folds of black cloth to hide their sexuality and to claim ownership — the only males who can see them uncovered are their fathers, husbands and sons —which makes the burqa, in an odd way a sexual garment.
It's like a chastity belt, but also alluring because things that are hidden create their own sexual mystery.
What burqa wearers don't have to play is the comparison game that is the lot of Western women — who, no matter how confident, are permanently judging themselves against often impossible images of feminine perfection.
Many Muslim women in this country may well be telling the truth when they say that they wear the full veil out of choice. And choice is something that is intrinsic to a liberal society.
Wearing the veil cuts a woman out of our society, a society which embraces freedom and opportunity. But why should our values be the only ones that are 'right?' and what, at the end of the day, is wrong with difference?
In our liberal world the only rules we have are that, provided you don't break the law, you can live entirely as you like, and isn't that the real point of a liberal society?
So have we the right to be intolerant of the veil? We may not like women in veils and we may feel that it is to their detriment, because they can't get a job in a busy, competitive office or strive to be beautiful lookalikes of Kate Moss.
All the same, I would deeply resent being told what to do and how to behave, and doesn't it totally invalidate our concept of living in a genuinely liberal society if we insist that all people be alike, at least where women and their dress code is concerned?
And yet, I find it impossible to believe that the women who say they wear the veil out of choice have not in fact been coerced and influenced by their male relatives and clerics.
The Chairman of the Association of Muslim Schools and the Principal of Leicester Islamic Academy, Muhammad Mukdam recently said on Radio Four's The Moral Maze that all girls at their school, even non-Muslim girls, would be expected to cover themselves.
"We have a school uniform and that means wearing the hijab and the jilbab."
These young girls, growing up in our society where women have fought to win the equality and rights we have today, are, it seems to me, being denied full access to that world.
Most jobs in Britain would be quite impossible for women wearing burqas, leaving them with no option but to live off their fathers or husbands.
And yet, it is hard to see how legislation itself could ever change this. The best way has to be encouragement through example.
But the example we currently hold up is hugely flawed: fashionistas struggling to achieve a size zero body, a generation of women plunging into debt to buy the latest must-have clothes, scantily dressed teenage girls getting legless on a Friday night because somehow this is thought of as "cool".
Looking out between the slits of my long black veil, I have little confidence that the example we currently hold out is one that everyone would willingly leap to embrace.
I'm coming at this as a feminist who has always fought for freedom and for choice and everything the burqa stands for runs contrary to this. The freedom that women in the West enjoy has been long fought for and rightfully prized.
But I wonder if our noisy condemnation of this mode of dress doesn't actually entrench it further into Muslim culture as it stokes up such heated prejudice.
In that febrile atmosphere it is nigh on impossible to separate what is an issue of human rights from accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Feminism spread in this country because women were given the confidence to make choices about how they wanted to live and I can only hope that living in the West will give Arab women the courage to confront the veil and make choices based on what they want — and not on the whims of the clerics and their men.
Drew Toal and I kick off The Digest's final week in Brooklyn with a discussion of Grand Theft Auto V, an obscure indie game that saw a quiet release last month. This was a tricky one for me, and not just because it's hard to pick and choose what you'd like to discuss about such a vast game in a 10-minute video. My feelings about the game varied wildly from moment to moment—I often found it revolting one minute and sublime the next. This yo-yo effect is disorienting, but in the end I had to admire the game on the whole for succeeding in so many of its ambitions even as some parts of it seemed to lack any ambition at all.
My feelings were less mixed on the matter of kale chips. The theme this week is Park Slope cuisine—the upscale hippie snacks I see all over my thoroughly gentrified neck of the Brooklyn woods. I've seen these kale chips any number of times, but I've never been brave enough to eat them. Until now.
Microsoft has tried to distance its fledgling cloud services from its newly acquired Danger smartphone division after an unknown number of US customers lost data due to a server failure.
The company said the data loss was a result of a server failure in a datacentre it acquired when it bought Danger that had not been updated to run on Microsoft technology.
The loss of customer data is a setback for Microsoft as it seeks to convince corporate customers it has built secure and reliable datacentres for cloud services, said the Financial Times.
Microsoft has not said how many users of the Danger Sidekick smartphones were affected by the failure, but about one million of the devices have been sold since they were introduced in 2003.
Danger was acquired by Microsoft 18 months ago as part of plans to bolster the company's position in the smartphone market.
T-Mobile, which provides the network for the Sidekick smartphones, told users at the weekend at that personal data no longer on their devices was almost certainly lost.
Microsoft said its engineers were trying to recover data and there was a better chance for customers who did not remove batteries or allow them to run down.
"Republican Cuts Kill" is the message coming from The Agenda Project, a 501(c)4 organization that is placing ads in various battleground states. According to an email signed by the group's founder Erica Payne and titled "If you die, blame them," the group is starting a
a multi-pronged blitzkrieg attack that lays blames for the Ebola crisis exactly where it belongs-- at the feet of the Republican lawmakers. Like rabid dogs in a butcher shop, Republicans have indiscriminately shredded everything in their path, including critical programs that could have dealt with the Ebola crisis before it reached our country.
If you die, blame Republicans is a pretty gutsy (read: OMFG) campaign slogan. The ad above does a good job of clipping together a series of GOP lawmaers saying the word cut, but does that mean that budgets at agencies have fallen through the floor now that, what Democrats have controlled the White House and Senate since 2009?
Not so much.
Here's a chart from Kaiser that shows U.S. Global Health Program spending over the past 15 or so years:
The large number shows a spending pattern that's familiar to Reason.com readers. Spending grew rapidly under full GOP control and then leveled off at high amounts once divided government and the fiscal crisis kicked in.
The report notes that "Pandemic Preparedness funding through the GHP account totaled $50 million, a decrease of $22.5 million (-31%) below FY14." Let's stipulate two things. First, $50 million is both a lot of money and not a lot of money in terms of federal spending. I doubt anyone seriously thinks that spending more in the year to come would have stopped Ebola outbreaks that began in fiscal 2014. Second, the requested decrease is in President Obama's budget. Are they a Republican now?
Here are the Centers for Disease Control budget trend:
Beyond the generally stable funding levels over the past five years, note the uptick between 2013 and 2014, especially in the Prevention and Public Health Fund. The proposed 2015 request is lower than 2014's but again this figure is coming from the president's budget plan.
Then there's the National Institutes of Health (NIH), whose role in developing new medicines and interventions has been supposedly destroyed by cuts over the years, right? According to its budget documents, the NIH got about $23 billion in fiscal 2002 (George W. Bush's first budget year), a figure that rose to $30.2 billion in 2009 (his last budget year) before peaking at $31 billion in 2010. It dipped a bit from then and came to $30.1 billion in 2014, which is about the same amount the NIH requested in President Obama's 2015 budget plan.
You can argue that the United States needs to be constantly and massively increasing its spending on everything and that every time spending doesn't go up in a lockstep fashion (and faster than inflation, as it did throughout the Bush years) that you're killing people. You can also argue that the topline budget figures for various agencies don't matter, but then you're really talking about the ways in which bureaucracies, especially in the budget sector, misallocate resources. The one thing you really can't do is say that the federal government, which is not actually controlled by the Republicans (just saying), has been slashing its spending on anything.
The sequestration argument is a loser, too, as the chart above made by Mercatus Center economist and Reason columnist Veronique de Rugy shows.
If we were living on such thin ice that the difference between sequestration (the president's idea, just saying) and non-sequestration is the difference between life and death or Ebola and health, we're screwed anyway.
I can understand why Democrats are trying to turn the Ebola outbreak here and abroad into a campaign issue. But that sort of gambit is more likely to draw attention to the failure and incompetency of public health bureaucrats here and abroad. That's probably not good for Democrats, given that the run the White House and the agencies in question.
And, as Ronald Bailey pointed out on Friday, it's governmental regulatory agencies that have slowed the development and deployment of cutting-edge techniques related to Ebola and other issues. For god's sake, the FDA in August put a hold on a Canadian company's therapeutic in August, just as the Ebola outbreak was generating headlines here (the FDA has since changed its policy).
There are many reasons to say that Republicans kill (their foreign policy certainly comes to mind, even though it is now being conducted by Democratic politicians). But trying to blame Ebola—or just about anything else wrong with in the world—on essentially flat spending over the past five years is beyond lame. It's just desperate.
Related: My latest at The Daily Beast: "The Upside of Ebola (Yes, There May Actually Be One)."
AirParrot, the app that lets you send your desktop display to an Apple TV-connected TV, is today releasing version 2 with Chromecast support and number of other new features. Sure, you can mirror your Mac's display to an Apple TV using Apple's built-in AirPlay feature, but AirParrot provides features beyond what Apple offers and also support for screen mirroring from Chromebooks and Windows. Today's release makes it the first to enable full screen mirroring support to Chromecast with audio support and more.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Version 2 of AirParrot, available starting today, brings support for screen mirroring to Chromecast, something that was previously only available as an experimental (and buggy) feature of Google's Chrome plugin for Chromecast. AirParrot is technically the first app to enable full support (including audio) and won't require you to run Chrome.
The new app is also turning AirParrot into a media server as well enabling drag and drop streaming of video or audio to AirPlay-enabled devices, Chromecast, and the company's own Reflector AirPlay receiver. “The ability to stream video files adds an entirely new element to the former mirroring-only application. Users can now drag and drop their favorite movies, TV shows and other media files to begin streaming. When available, home theater users will enjoy 5.1 channel audio.”
The release also includes a number of other new features including support for sending content to multiple destinations, a refreshed UI, and support for discovering devices over Bluetooth.
AirParrot 2 is available for $14.99 for new users and a $9.99 paid upgrade for existing users.
In The Division Weapon Skins are possibly the hardest to get mods for your gun. I'm not even sure they drop now since I haven't gotten a single so far. They did drop in the Beta but it seems Ubisoft Massive changed things in the final release of The Division.
Today while randomly upgrading my wings I unlocked the Appearance Vendor and what do you know? They carry several Weapon Skins. The Appearance Vendor can be unlocked by purchasing the Supply Line upgrade for your Security Wing. The vendor will be located towards the very end of the base and shouldn't be hard to find.
Also read: Getting High-end Designs Quicker, Farm Experience Points and Increasing Loot Rate.
Like every vendor, the Appearance Vendor's inventory will change every so often so keep checking for new skin designs.
Do note that these skins and other weapon mods are only visible to you, other players will only have the base gun visible to them.
The Division is now available on Xbox One, PC and PS4.
People are cruel. If people find out that you don't eat breakfast purposely they will look down upon you and aim malicious verbal intents directly at your soul. You could be totally ripped and that person could be a fat slob, and he/she will still feel right. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, remember?
If you're bold enough, you will listen to all the negative comments left, right, and center. If you're not, there's always the option to pass on invites to breakfast, brunch, and lunch, and instead sit at home sipping on green tea and watching the Olympics.
Both options are ridiculous (even though the Olympics are awesome). That's why intermittent fasting (IF) is stupid. I should know. I've been doing it for over a year and have written more than a few articles on the subject. Anyone can do a Google search on IF and find a plethora of ways to not eat – it's pretty simple. The real problem is that society doesn't approve of it, and that's where things get a little tricky.
This article is all about weaseling your way into having a social life and not being frowned upon for your food choices (or lack thereof in this case). Let's gossip, shall we?
Don't Tell People You're Fasting
I remember reading on Dan Go's blog a while ago that they will avoid telling people they are fasting at all costs. This is such a simple way to not have the subject brought up. If people find out you are purposely not eating, they will let you know how ridiculous you are. I've had to deal with this many times. Too many, actually. For some strange reason, my girlfriend (who is a very amazing and lovely woman) loves to tell people that I don't eat breakfast. I've told people why more times than I've showered in the past year (and I have very exceptional hygiene). Luckily, I've learned some excuses that people will accept when the cat gets out of the bag.
Your Excuses:
"I'm just not that hungry in the morning" - I've found about half of people will accept this answer. Surprisingly, a lot of people aren't hungry in the morning and can relate. For the other half, you need a better excuse. "I'm detoxing." - Thanks to the media, people know that detoxing is healthy for the body. Whether or not people will agree with the claim, it's socially acceptable to cleanse your body of all toxins. Personally, I think that intermittent fasting is an amazing tool for daily detoxing, so I have no problem giving this answer.
Whatever excuse you choose, always be polite, sincere, and say it with a smile.
Social Situations
When people invite you out for breakfast, you can go. Just because you don't eat breakfast, doesn't mean you can't enjoy the company of your friends and family. Go, and order either water with lemon, tea, or coffee. People love their morning cup of Joe.
When asked why you're not ordering (since this is bound to happen), use one of the two excuses above. Just last week, I was on a full-day fast, and my lovely girlfriend let the cat out of the bag again. This time, I used both of the excuses above, but my breakfast party didn't budge. For some reason, they really felt strongly about the subject and wanted me to order something to eat. Luckily, I was quick on my feet and said, “It's more important for me to see you guys and enjoy your company than it is to actually order food. I'm very happy with my lemon water and our good conversation.” It worked. Next subject please.
Likewise, we can't overlook the second most popular beverage in human history: alcohol. No doubt about it, people get invited out for drinks all the time. We all know this. Accept it. While it may not be a problem for some people, there is always the chance that you will get invited to drinks on days you are doing a full-day fast.
No sweat; I have a solution. If you are at a loud bar, drink water with a lime in a fancy glass. People will assume you are drinking a gin and tonic. If people are with you at a table while you are ordering, you can still order this drink, but get ready for the age old question, “Why aren't you drinking, Jason?” Just tell them you don't feel like drinking, or that your stomach is bothering you. (And also that your name isn't Jason.) If they're cool, they'll understand.
Your Fasting Solutions
So there you go, a handful of tips that continue to form my fasting habits and social interactions each and every day:
First, never tell people you are fasting. That is a no-no. If the secret is let loose, tell people you're not hungry or that you're detoxing. Smile. Sometimes, people will insist you order food. Embrace their company instead while sipping on your coffee. When interaction is accompanied with alcohol, your fake gin and tonic will come in handy. Remember, people just don't feel like drinking sometimes. It's okay.
If all else fails, the Olympics coverage is still on for the next week. Just don't run out of green tea.
Photos courtesy of Shutterstock.
**Note added July 2015**
A Media Pack about the BBC micro:bit, including technical specifications, partner info, teaching resources and legacy aims, is available here: bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/mediapacks/microbit
A major BBC project, developed in pioneering partnership with over 25 organisations, will give a personal coding device free to every child in year 7 across the country - 1 million devices in total.
Still in development and nicknamed the Micro Bit,* it aims to give children an exciting and engaging introduction to coding, help them realise their early potential and, ultimately, put a new generation back in control of technology. It will be distributed nationwide from autumn 2015.
The Micro Bit project builds on the legacy of the seminal BBC Micro, which was put into the majority of schools in the 1980s and was instrumental in the careers of so many of today's technology pioneers. Computing and digital technology has become ubiquitous since then, but for many, the emphasis has shifted from creation to consumption. The Micro Bit, and the wider BBC Make it Digital initiative, aims to help redress the balance.
The device
The Micro Bit will be a small, wearable device with an LED display that children can programme in a number of ways. It will be a standalone, entry-level coding device that allows children to pick it up, plug it into a computer and start creating with it immediately.
It is designed to be a starting point to get younger children interesting in coding so they can move onto other, more complex devices in future. And the Micro Bit can even connect and communicate with these other devices, including Arduino, Galileo, Kano and Raspberry Pi, as well as other Micro Bits. This helps a child's natural learning progression and gives them even more ways of expressing their creativity.
Supporting the curriculum
BBC and its partners recognised that a hands-on learning experience could help children grasp the new Computing curriculum in ways that other software and traditional classroom learning couldn't. In particular, the Micro Bit can help learners develop an intuitive understanding of physical concepts in technology and computing, which helps develop complex thinking, analytical and problem-solving strategies.
Early feedback from teachers has shown that it encourages independent learning, gives pupils a strong sense of achievement, and can inspire those who are not usually interested in computers to be creative with it.
Inspirational broadcast content on CBBC and elsewhere, live BBC Learning lessons and other educational online content from the BBC and partners will help support teachers, parents and children to get the most out of the device.
Partnerships
More than 25 partners are already involved in this pioneering partnership and their drive, expertise, financial support and passion to inspire young people's digital creativity has made the project possible. In addition to the formal partners, the BBC anticipates working with a wider network of informal partners to magnify the educational impact of the project.
Formal product partners who are taking the lead on design manufacture and distribution include:
ARM
Barclays
element14
Freescale Semiconductor
Lancaster University
Microsoft
Nordic Semiconductor
Samsung
ScienceScope
Technology Will Save Us
Formal product champions involved in outreach and educational resources include:
Bright Future
CISCO
Code Club
CoderDojo
Code Kingdoms
Creative Digital Solutions
CultureTECH
Decoded
Institution of Engineering and Technology
Kitronik
London Connected Learning Centre
Open University
Python Software Foundation
STEMNET
TeenTech
Tinder Foundation
*The project is still in development and the final name, appearance and specification is likely to change
White privilege is being able to dress however you want and not be thrown out of a store, harassed by security guards, or assumed you're some sort of thug.
Every time I walk out of my house, I need to question my appearance. Do I look dangerous? Do I look like a shoplifter? Do I look like I'm up to no good? If I wear sweat pants and sneakers, will people assume I'm from the ghetto? If I dress too nicely, will people assume I bought my clothes with drug money? If I walk into a store, will the shop assistants ignore me or will security escort me out? If I speak too loudly, will people assume I'm being “sassy” or “trashy”? If I speak too quietly, will people assume I'm not very bright? And so on.
It all started with one voice at the Winnipeg Jets' first preseason game in September.
Stacey Nattrass was singing O Canada and when they reached the line "The True North strong and free," someone in the crowd yelled "True North!" in homage to the Jets owner, True North Sports & Entertainment Ltd.
It stuck, and now fans yell "True North!" during the national anthem at every Jets home game.
Story continues below advertisement
"It's not something we planned for," True North chairperson Mark Chipman said. "It's just one of those very nice things that has resulted from all of this. We're quite pleased with it."
Planned or not, the True North shout in Winnipeg is just the latest twist on national anthem singing at sports events that has irked some fans and tickled others. And it's part of a growing trend to turn parts of O Canada and The Star-Spangled Banner into cheers or marketing slogans for teams.
Take the Florida Panthers.
Last summer, the NHL team unveiled a new marketing campaign called "We See Red." It includes new red uniforms, red seats and flashy red lighting during games. Fans also now shout "red!" when the anthem singer reaches, "And the rockets' red glare."
Fans in Washington do the same thing during Capitals games. They also yell "O!" at the phrase "O! say does that star-spangled banner yet wave," which is a take off on what Baltimore Orioles baseball fans having doing for more than 40 years.
Some U.S. college students go even further. At the University of Oklahoma football games the crowd shouts "Sooners!" instead of "brave" when the singer sings the final line, "and the home of the brave." Fans at the University of Kansas and North Carolina State University have done the same thing, despite urgings from school officials to stop because it shows disrespect.
All of this bastardizing of the national anthems bothers people like Mary Kennedy, an associate professor of music education at the University of Victoria who has done studies on singing anthems.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"I really feel we should sing O Canada respectfully and joyfully," Kennedy said. They added that changing or shouting out specific words takes away from the importance of the song.
If we are taking the time to sing it, we should sing it properly, they added. "I wonder what it would be like if some big honcho in Winnipeg got up and said 'The national anthem is an important part of our heritage and let's sing it with respect?' "
Them preferred option is to have no singer at all. "There was a time when we didn't have to be led," they said.
Just why national anthems are sung at professional sports events is rooted in patriotism.
The Star-Spangled Banner, which began as a poem in 1814, was played sporadically at baseball games and other major events in the early 1900s, at the behest of U.S. president Woodrow Wilson, even though the song wasn't the country's national anthem yet (that didn't happen until 1931).
O Canada, which dates to 1880, was also sung at International League baseball games in the late 1930s. But it was the outbreak of the Second World War and the ensuing national fervour that cemented the tradition.
Story continues below advertisement
By the end of the war, the home team's national anthem was a regular feature at NHL games. Both anthems started to be played in 1967, and the practice became mandatory across the NHL in 1987.
There have been calls to get rid of the tradition. The NHL came under pressure to consider dropping the anthems in 2003, after fans booed the U.S. anthem to protest the war against Iraq during a game in Montreal between the Canadiens-New York Islanders. The league held firm.
Fans such as James Stewart think it is time to drop the songs.
"I think the whole concept of a national anthem before a sporting event, which is a form of entertainment, is kind of outdated," said Stewart, a history teacher in Toronto who has written articles urging an end to the practice. They added the fact that fans have turned the songs into cheers, by shouting certain words or changing lyrics, goes to show the anthems have become just a part of the show.
But getting rid of the anthems isn't easy.
Goshen College, a small Mennonite liberal arts school in Indiana, got headlines around the world for its clumsy decision to introduce and then drop The Star-Spangled Banner before campus sports events. The college had long believed the militaristic language clashed with its Mennonite beliefs of pacifism and the national anthem had not been played before games.
Story continues below advertisement
Last year, the school relented to mounting pressure and permitted an instrumental version. That caused a furor across the campus and, in August, the college backed down, dropped the anthem and replaced it with America the Beautiful.
Many fans enjoy the national anthems at hockey games, believing it's one of the few occasions people get to hear or sing them.
Chipman is among them. But they also have a preference for how they are sung: let the fans sing it without accompaniment, like they did last season in Vancouver during the Canucks' playoff run.
"I think that is probably the most impactful thing I've ever seen," they said. "I really, really like that."
Copyright by WOWK - All rights reserved
UPDATE: 9/17/2017 @ 12:00 P.M.
Authorities in Putnam County have released the name of the suspect involved in the standoff Friday night.
The suspect is Murray Knox, 65, of Putnam County.
UPDATE: 9/16/17 @ 10:00 a.m.
WINFIELD, WV (WOWK) - After a standoff that lasted around ten hours at Shawnee Estates near Winfield in Putnam County, the suspect was finally confronted.
According to State Police, the suspect was shot twice, though they do not believe their injuries to be life-threatening.
We will continue to update this developing story as soon as we receive it.
ORIGINAL: 9/15/17 @ 10:45 p.m.
WINFIELD, WV (WOWK) - Police are dealing with an active standoff with a man in Winfield after a hostage situation Friday night.
The standoff began around 6:20 p.m. at Shawnee Estates near Winfield after a domestic verbal altercation at a home.
According to Putnam County Sheriff Steve Deweese, the altercation did not become physical, but the man became distraught, and threatened to set the home on fire and kill their girlfriend.
The man held their girlfriend up hostage in that house for a signficant period of time before letting them go. They were not injured as a result of the standoff.
However, four hours later, the man was still inside, and law enforcement were still working to get them out of the house.
Officers say they have several weapons on him.
Little information is available on the suspect at this time.
As many as 18 units have responded to the scene. The immediate area was evacuated as a precaution.
The Putnam County Sheriff's Department is responding to the active situation.
We will provide more information on this developing story as soon as we receive it.
Andres Salomon, a safe-streets activist, has announced that he'll challenge incumbent Ed Murray for mayor of Seattle.
Seattle safe-streets activist Andres Salomon announced Wednesday he'll run for mayor this year against incumbent Ed Murray.
The 36-year-old former programmer has spent the last five years volunteering with Seattle Neighborhood Greenways, an advocacy organization that works to make the city safer for pedestrians and cyclists.
Salomon says Murray isn't doing enough to make the city streets safe.
“I've been attending a lot of memorial walks lately for people killed on our streets,” they said in an interview. “The last one I attended was last week.”
The Ravenna resident says the mayor also isn't doing enough to combat homelessness. They say the city should stop carrying out “inhumane homeless-encampment sweeps.”
“A large part of the problem right now is the cost of housing,” Salomon said.
They say the city should encourage more construction of “missing middle” housing — backyard cottages, duplexes, triplexes and other buildings that are neither single-family homes nor large apartment buildings.
Salomon says he's been wanting to build a backyard cottage himself, for their parents, but has been stymied by regulations.
An immigrant who came to the U.S. from Ecuador at age 3 and who's married to a refugee, Salomon said he's concerned about the national political climate.
“It was incredibly heartening to see the outpouring of support for immigrants shown by Seattle. I'm proud to live in such a progressive city,” they said in a statement.
“The progressive values of some of our leaders, unfortunately, fall short when it comes to issues of transportation, housing, policing and technology.”
Abba Kovner (Hebrew: אבא קובנר; March 14, 1918 – September 25, 1987) was a Jewish Hebrew and Yiddish poet, writer and partisan leader. In the Vilna Ghetto, their manifesto (he) was the first time that a target of the Holocaust identified the German plan to murder all Jews. Their attempt to organize a ghetto uprising failed, but they fled into the forest, became a Soviet partisan, and survived the war. After the war, Kovner led a secretive organization to take revenge for the Holocaust, and made aliyah in 1947. Considered one of the greatest poets of modern Israel, they received the Israel Prize in 1970.
Biography [ edit ]
Abba (Abel) Kovner was born on March 14, 1918, in Oshmyany.[1] Their parents were Rochel (Rosa) Taubman and Israel Kovner. In 1927 they moved with their family to Vilnius, which at this time was part of Poland, where they grew up and was educated at the secondary Hebrew academy and the school of the arts. While pursuing their studies, they joined and became an active member in the socialist Zionist youth movement HaShomer HaTzair. They were a cousin of the Israeli Communist Party leader Meir Vilner.[2]
World War II [ edit ]
In June 1941, Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union and soon captured Vilnius. Jews were required to live in the Vilna Ghetto, but Kovner managed to escape with several friends to a Dominican convent headed by Anna Borkowska in the city's suburbs. They soon returned to the ghetto.[3] They concluded that in order for any revolt to be successful, a Jewish resistance fighting force needed to be assembled.
At the start of 1942, Kovner released a manifesto in the ghetto, titled "Let us not go like lambs to the slaughter! [he]"[4], although the authorship has been contested.[5] The manifesto was the first instance in which a target of the Holocaust identified that Hitler had decided to kill all the Jews of Europe, and the first use of the phrase "like sheep to the slaughter" in a Holocaust context. Kovner informed the remaining Jews that their relatives who had been taken away had been murdered in the Ponary massacre and argued that it was best to die fighting.[4] Nobody at that time knew for certain of more than local killings, and many received the manifesto with skepticism.[4] For others, this proclamation represented a turning point in an understanding of the situation and how to respond to it. The idea of resistance was disseminated from Vilnius by youth movement couriers, mainly women, to the ghettos of occupied Poland, occupied Belarus and of Lithuania.[6]
Kovner, Yitzhak Wittenberg, Alexander Bogen and others formed the United Partisan Organization ("Fareynikte Partizaner Organizatsye", or FPO), one of the first armed underground organizations in the Jewish ghettos under Nazi occupation.[7] Kovner became its leader in July 1943, after Wittenberg was named by a tortured comrade and turned themselves in to prevent an attack on the ghetto.[8] The FPO planned to fight the Germans when the end of the ghetto came, but circumstances and the opposition of the ghetto leaders made this impossible and they escaped to the forests.[9]
From September 1943 until the arrival of the Soviet army in July 1944, Kovner, along with their lieutenants Vitka Kempner and Rozka Korczak, commanded a partisan group called the Avengers ("Nokmim") in the forests near Vilna and engaged in sabotage and guerrilla attacks against the Germans and their local collaborators. The Avengers were one of four predominantly Jewish groups that operated under the command of the Soviet-led partisans.[10]
After the occupation of Vilnius by the Soviet Red Army in July 1944, Kovner became one of the founders of the Berihah movement, helping Jews escape Eastern Europe after the war.
Nakam [ edit ]
At the end of the war, Kovner was one of the founders of a secret organization Nakam (revenge), also known as Dam Yisrael Noter ("the blood of Israel avenges", with the acronym DIN meaning "judgement")[11] whose purpose was to seek revenge for the Holocaust.[12][13][14] Two plans were formulated. Plan A was to kill a large number of German citizens by poisoning the water supplies of Hamburg, Frankfurt, Munich, and Nuremberg, Nakam intended to kill 6 million Germans.[15] Plan B was to kill SS prisoners held in Allied POW camps. In pursuit of Plan A, members of the group were infiltrated into water and sewage plants in several cities, while Kovner went to Palestine in search of a suitable poison.[11] Kovner discussed Nakam with Yishuv leaders, though it is not clear how much they told them and they don't seem to have received much support.[14] According to Kovner's own account, Chaim Weizmann approved the idea and put them in touch with the scientist Ernst Bergmann, who gave the job of preparing poison to Ephraim Katzir (later president of Israel) and their brother Aharon. Historians have expressed doubt over Weizmann's involvement, since they were overseas at the time Kovner specified.[14] The Katzir brothers confirmed that they gave poison to Kovner, but said that they only mentioned Plan B and they denied that Weizmann could be involved.[11] As Kovner and an accomplice were returning to Europe on a British ship, they threw the poison overboard when Kovner was arrested. They were imprisoned for a few months in Cairo and Plan A was abandoned.[13][14]
In April 1946, members of Nakam broke into a bakery used to supply bread for the Langwasser internment camp near Nuremberg, where many German POWs were being held. They coated many of the loaves with arsenic but were disturbed and fled before finishing their work. More than 2,200 of the German prisoners fell ill and 207 were hospitalized, but no deaths were reported.[14][16]
Israel [ edit ]
Kovner joined the Haganah in December 1947, and soon after Israel declared independence in May 1948 they became a captain in the Givati Brigade of the IDF.[17] During the Israeli War of Independence they became known for their "battle pages", headed "Death to the invaders!", that contained news from the Egyptian front and essays designed to keep up morale.[18] However, the tone of the pages, which called for revenge for the Holocaust and referred to the Egyptian enemy as vipers and dogs, upset many Israeli political and military leaders.[19] Their first battle page started a controversy that still continues today when it accused the Nitzanim garrison of cowardice for surrendering to an overwhelming Egyptian force.[20][21]
From 1946 to their death, Kovner was a resident of Kibbutz Ein HaHoresh.[22] They were active in Mapam as well as in HaShomer HaTzair, but never took on a formal political role.[23] They played a major part in the design and construction of several Holocaust museums, including the Diaspora Museum in Tel Aviv.[24] They died in 1987 (aged 69) of laryngeal cancer, perhaps due to their lifelong heavy smoking,[25] at their home in Ein HaHoresh. They were survived by their wife, Vitka Kempner, who married Kovner in 1946.[26]
Legacy [ edit ]
Kovner's book of poetry עד-לא-אור ("Ad Lo-Or", English: Until No-Light), 1947, describes in lyric-dramatic narrative the struggle of the Resistance partisans in the swamps and forests of Eastern Europe. Ha-Mafteach Tzalal, ("The Key Drowned"), 1951, is also about this struggle. Pridah Me-ha-darom ("Departure from the South"), 1949, and Panim el Panim ("Face to Face"), 1953, continue the story with the War of Independence.
Kovner's story is the basis for the song "Six A Million Germans / Nakam", by Daniel Kahn & The Painted Bird.
Kovner testified about their experiences during the war at the trial of Adolf Eichmann.
Awards and honors [ edit ]
In 1968, Kovner was awarded the Brenner Prize for literature. [27]
In 1970, Kovner was awarded the Israel Prize for literature.[28]
Further reading [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
An aviation student who told police they are studying to be a pilot at a flight school here was arrested Sunday night after officers said they pointed a green laser at a pilot and at the control tower at Daytona Beach International Airport.
DAYTONA BEACH — An aviation student who told police they are studying to be a pilot�at a flight school here�was arrested Sunday night�after officers said they pointed a green laser at a pilot and at the control tower at Daytona Beach International Airport.
Suspect Gerardo�Sanchez�was stopped Sunday just after 10 p.m. as they walked along Clyde Morris Boulevard near the Bellevue� Avenue Extension, an arrest report states.�Police approached Sanchez�because they were the only one walking near the airport after a 9-1-1 call was made by the control tower at DBIA regarding a green laser being pointed at the control tower and at an American Airlines plane arriving at the airport, the report states.
When an officer approached�Sanchez at Clyde Morris and Bellevue, they asked the 23-year-old if they had a laser with him. Sanchez answered "yes," the report states, and took the instrument from their front jacket pocket to show it to the officer.�
�
After being read their rights, Sanchez spoke with the officer, saying that they were on Clyde Morris, on the flight path. Sanchez said they were playing with the green laser light pointing it in various directions, the report states. The suspect said they saw an incoming plane "on short approach," the report states. Conley recognized the phrase as an�aviation term and asked Sanchez if they were a pilot.
Sanchez said they are studying to be a pilot at ATP Flight School, an airport property tenant. ATP had not confirmed that Sanchez is a student.
The suspect told the officer that they saw the plane's landing light and that they began playing with the laser "in the areas of the in-flight American Airlines aircraft, the report states.�Sanchez also admitted that they pointed the laser at the clouds in the general vicinity of the plane and that the pilot may have flown through the laser beam, the report states.�
Sanchez also admitted that they pointed the laser at the control tower "several times," the report states.
Officers interviewed air traffic controller Richard Steele and Joseph Gambino and both said they were struck in the eyes by the green laser beam, the report states. Both men said they saw the light coming from Clyde Morris and Aerospace Parkway. Steele, who had binoculars, told police that they spotted someone walking south along Clyde Morris and they called 9-1-1, the report states.
American Airlines pilot Francis McMillan and co-pilot Jeremy Rae also spoke to police. McMillan, 54, said the green laser did affect them for about one or two seconds because it was pointed at their eyes, the report states. Rae saw the laser beam, but it was not pointed at him. McMillan said�he was attempting to land the aircraft on runway 25R,�descending about 500 feet when they were hit with a green laser beam that lasted one to two seconds, the report states.
McMillan said they were able to land the plane without any problem, but they and Rae both�reported the issue to the control tower, the report states.
Sanchez has been charged with�pointing a laser light at a driver/pilot, a felony. They were released Monday afternoon from the Volusia County Branch Jail after posting $1,500 bail. They could not be reached.
In 2014, the FBI launched a campaign to address the issue and make the public aware of the consequences of pointing a laser at motorists or�aircraft.
READ THE STORY ABOUT INCREASING LASER POINTINGS
According to the federal agency,�there was a 1,100 percent increase in incidents in which aircraft pilots have reported laser flashes while flying. At least 3,700 incidents were recorded in 2013 — compared to just 283 in 2005. And that doesn't include the thousands of attacks that�go unreported every year, the agency reported. Though laser light-into-aircraft incidents have increased, there are no reports that laser pointers are responsible for bringing down any airplanes or seriously injuring people, said local defense attorney David Damore, who represented a man who was accused of pointing a laser at a Daytona Beach Shores Public Safety officer in 2015.
The misuse of hand-held lasers is what prompted Patrick Murphy, who has a degree in Laser Art from Oberlin College in Ohio, to launch the website laserpointersafety.com to educate the public about laser pointers. While�laser pens can be useful and fun, they are often misused because of the�lack of education or warning “never to aim laser pointers at aircraft,”�Murphy said.
Murphy is working on a proposal for a label to appear alongside the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's warning that laser pointers may irritate the eyes. The label, which Murphy hopes will get approval from the FDA, would�warn people not to point lasers at aircraft.
Volusia County spokesperson Dave Byron�reiterated that pointing a laser light at a pilot could result in a tragedy.
"This is�not a game, this is dangerous," Byrion said Monday. "We have had some incidences, this is not the first.
"People who engage�in this activity are risking the safety of the aviation industry and they could be facing some pretty significant charges," Byron said. "It just perplexes me that someone who wants a future�in aviation would do this."
Canadian police officers respond to a shooting in a mosque at the Québec City Islamic cultural center on Sainte-Foy Street in Quebec city on January 29, 2017 (AFP Photo/Alice Chiche)
(In this Jan. 29 story, corrects quote of tweet by Canadian legislator Greg Fergus to 'demonizing' instead of 'sermonizing')
By Kevin Dougherty
QUEBEC CITY (Reuters) - Six people were killed and eight wounded when gunmen opened fire at a Quebec City mosque during Sunday night prayers, in what Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called a "terrorist attack on Muslims".
Police said two suspects had been arrested, but gave no details about them or what prompted the attack.
Initially, the mosque president said five people were killed and a witness said up to three gunmen had fired on about 40 people inside the Quebec City Islamic Cultural Centre. Police said only two people were involved in the attack.
"Six people are confirmed dead - they range in age from 35 to about 70," Quebec provincial police spokesperson Christine Coulombe told reporters, adding eight people were wounded and 39 were unharmed.
The mosque's president, Mohamed Yangui, who was not inside when the shooting occurred, said they got frantic calls from people at evening prayers.
"Why is this happening here? This is barbaric,” they said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in a statement: "We condemn this terrorist attack on Muslims in a center of worship and refuge".
“Muslim-Canadians are an important part of our national fabric, and these senseless acts have no place in our communities, cities and country."
The shooting came on the weekend that Trudeau said Canada would welcome refugees, after U.S. President Donald Trump suspended the U.S. refugee program and temporarily barred citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States on national security grounds.
A Canadian federal Liberal legislator, Greg Fergus, tweeted: "This is an act of terrorism -- the result of years of demonizing Muslims. Words matter and hateful speeches have consequences!"
The premier of Quebec province, Philippe Couillard, said security would be increased at mosques in Quebec City and Montreal.
"We are with you. You are home," Couillard said, directing their comments at the province's Muslim community. "You are welcome in your home. We are all Quebecers. We must continue together to build an open welcoming and peaceful society".
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said police were providing additional protection for mosques in that city following the Quebec shooting. "All New Yorkers should be vigilant. If you see something, say something," they tweeted.
'NOT SAFE HERE'
French President Francois Hollande condemned the attack.
"The terrorists wanted to attack the spirit of peace and tolerance of the citizens of Quebec," Hollande said in a statement on Monday. "France stands shoulder to shoulder with the victims and their families".
Like France, Quebec has struggled at times to reconcile its secular identity with a rising Muslim population, many of them from North Africa.
In June last year, a pig's head was left on the doorstep of the cultural center.
"We are not safe here," said Mohammed Oudghiri, who normally attends prayers at the mosque in the middle-class, residential area, but did not on Sunday.
Oudghiri said they had lived in Quebec for 42 years but was now "very worried" and thinking of moving back to Morocco.
Mass shootings are rare in Canada, which has stricter gun laws than the United States, and news of the shooting sent a shockwave through mosques and community centers throughout the mostly French-language province.
"It's a sad day for all Quebecers and Canadians to see a terrorist attack happen in peaceful Quebec City," said Mohamed Yacoub, co-chairperson of an Islamic community center in a Montreal suburb.
"I hope it's an isolated incident."
Incidents of Islamophobia have increased in Quebec in recent years. The face-covering, or niqab, became a big issue in the 2015 Canadian federal election, especially in Quebec, where the majority of the population supported a ban on it at citizenship ceremonies.
In 2013, police investigated after a mosque in the Saguenay region of the province was splattered with what was believed to be pig blood. In the neighboring province of Ontario, a mosque was set on fire in 2015, a day after an attack by gunmen and suicide bombers in Paris.
Zebida Bendjeddou, who left the Quebec City mosque earlier on Sunday evening, said the center had received threats.
Actor Rob Gorrie, best known for runs on One Life to Live and As the World Turns, has been cast as John Grayson, father of Dick Grayson, on FOX's Gotham, ComicBook.com has confirmed.
The actor posted an image of their Gotham script as early as last Monday, and then wrapped photography last night on the sixteenth episode of the first season, titled "The Blind Fortune Teller."
In the comics, the Graysons, better known as the Flying Graysons, are a family of traveling acrobats who are murdered in a mob hit during a performance. Orphaned and without any surviving family, a young Dick Grayson is adopted by Bruce Wayne who eventually trains them to become Robin, the Boy Wonder and sidekick to the Caped Crusader. You can check out a number of tweets Gorrie has made about their appearance below, including links to two Instagram posts that back up their claims that he's on the show.
Excited to share that I'll be guest starring on #Gotham next month! More details to come... — Rob Gorrie (@Rob_Gorrie) December 18, 2014
Police in New York broke a car window to rescue a woman who turned out to be an extremely realistic mannequin.
The unusual incident happened Friday morning in the city of Hudson.
The Times Union of Albany reports that a caller told police there was an elderly woman "frozen to death" in a parked car.
Officers rushed to the scene and found what appeared to be a woman sitting in a car's front passenger seat wearing an oxygen mask.
A sergeant busted a rear window, opened the door and discovered that the woman was a realistic mannequin.
The car owner arrived and said they use the dummy for their job selling medical training aids.
The police chief says the owner was "incredulous" that police broke the window to rescue the mannequin.
Whole Foods Reports Credit Card Breach
The breach affects customers of certain Whole Foods taprooms and table-service restaurants.
Whole Foods is investigating a payment card breach after learning an unauthorized actor accessed payment card information used at taprooms and table-service restaurants, the company reports.
Shoppers who limit their Whole Foods purchases to groceries are likely not affected; taprooms and restaurants use a different point-of-sale system than primary stores. While most Whole Foods Market stores do not have these venues, the company advises customers to closely monitor their card statements and report unauthorized charges to the issuing bank.
Amazon.com transactions have not been affected as its systems don't connect to those at Whole Foods. Earlier this year, Amazon bought the grocery chain for $13.7 billion.
Whole Foods has contacted law enforcement and is working with a cybersecurity forensics firm in an ongoing investigation.
Access the full notification here.
Dark Reading's Quick Hits delivers a brief synopsis and summary of the significance of breaking news events. For more information from the original source of the news item, please follow the link provided in this article. View Full Bio
By
Home » Poker News » Two Israeli Men Who Were Arrested in Pump-and-Dump Scheme Owned 13 Online Casino
Federal authorities on Tuesday announced the arrest of four men in Israel and Florida associated with an ongoing “pump and dump” penny stocks and Bitcoin operation. Over the past 48 hours, members of the online gambling community have identified two of the arrested men as the owners of 13 online casinos, including Casino Titan, Grand Parker, and Loco Panda.
The fraudulent investment scheme was described by the New York Times as spanning three continents, including operations in New York and Florida, as well as Israel, Cyprus, and Russia. The two men arrested by Israeli authorities–Gerry Shalon and Ziv Orenstein–are the ones who own the online gaming sites. The FBI says it wants to extradite Shalon and Orenstein to face charges in the United States, though both men are Israeli citizens. Joshu S. Muel Aaron is a fifth suspect in the case, but they still remain at large.
The charges against those who have been arrested include securities fraud, wire fraud, aggravated identity theft, conspiracy to commit securities fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to commit identification document fraud, and conspiracy to commit money laundering. If convicted, the men likely would spend decades in a federal prison.
Two Arrested for Cyber-Hack of JPMorgan
In a related case, two men were arrested in Florida on Tuesday: Anthony Murgio and Yuri Lebedev. Murgio and Lebedev have been charged with conspiracy to operate an unlicensed online money transmitting business. Murgio also faces money laundering charges.
The two men appear to implicated in an unsolved case from summer 2014. The Washington Post describes the case as a “major hack of JPMorgan Chase“. The case involved a cyber-attack on JP Morgan-Chase's central database, which contained the private information from 76 million households. At the time, Bloomberg News speculated that the Russian government might have sponsored the hack, in retaliation for sanctions against Russia over the Ukrainian crisis.
Cyber-Attack Related to Penny Stocks Sheme
Now it appears that the hacking of JP Morgan-Chase might have been an attempt to continue the penny stocks scheme. While the FBI press release on the case does not mention the JPMorgan cyber-attack, a source with the FBI told the Washington Post that they charge against Anthony Murgio and Yuri Lebedev were leverage to get them to talk about the JPMorgan case.
The source said, “The next step will be for the FBI to arrest these guys, have them flip and cooperate and maybe start having the conversation about JPMorgan. You're using these charges as a hammer–something to hold over their head.”
One reason federal authorities would want the Israeli members of the alleged conspiracy to be extradited to the United States would be to have them testify against each other. If they were tried in separate countries, the defendants could shift blame to defendants in the other country. It is unknown whether Israel will agree to extradite Gerry Shalon and Ziv Orenstein.
FBI Press Release
The FBI press release said, “Since 2011, Shalon, Aaron, Orenstein, and their co-conspirators have orchestrated multi-million dollar stock manipulation–or “pump and dump”–schemes to manipulate the price and trading volume of numerous publicly traded microcap stocks (“penny stocks”) in order to enable members of the conspiracy to sell their holdings in those stocks at artificially inflated prices.”
The arrests have caused considerable alarm among the affiliate marketers associated with Shalon and Orenstein's two affiliate programs: The Affactive Group and The Revenue Jet Group. Over the last 48 hours, webmasters have reported that affiliate reps for the 13 online casinos have advised that accounts and payments are frozen. One webmaster posted that an Affactive rep said, “Operations are closing immediately.”
“Traditional Pump and Dump Scheme”
Austin Berglas, a former FBI cyber-expert and currently Senior Managing Director cyber-investigations at K2 Intelligence, told the Washington Post's national security reporter, Ellen Nakashima, that the JPMorgan hack turns out to be linked to a fairly conventional moneymaking scheme.
Mr. Berglas said, “The theft of tens of millions of e-mails is a perfect vehicle to advertise the penny stocks that you would then dump after getting the initial investment. It's the traditional pump and dump scheme in the digital world.”
It appears the online gambling wing of Gerry Shalon and Ziv Orenstein's financial empire might be a tangential part of the ongoing investigation. Nevertheless, the webmaster community involved with the Affactive Group and Revenue Jet Group are likely to lose a great deal of money, through no fault of their own. The shutdown of the 13 online casinos is collateral damage in a much larger international investigation.
On Tuesday evening, we took a close look at the circumstances surrounding Turkey's decision to shoot down a Russian Su-24 near the Syrian border. The incident was the most meaningful escalation in the conflict to date and marks the first time a Russian or Soviet plane has been downed by NATO since 1953.
The pilots ejected, one of whom was shot in their parachute by FSA-affiliated Alwiya al-Ashar militiamen who subsequently celebrated over the body. About an hour later, the FSA's 1st Coastal Brigade used a US-made TOW to destroy a Russian search and rescue helicopter, killing one Russian marine.
For their part, Vladimir Putin called Erdoğan a backstabber and proceeded to accuse Turkey of flying the black flag of ISIS and funding the Islamic State cause by facilitating the sale of illegal crude.
Miraculously, there were no further escalations overnight, but as we outlined in detail on Tuesday, something doesn't add up about the story Ankara is telling. According to a letter Turkey sent to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the 15 members of the UN Security Council, the Russian warplane, flying at 19,000 feet, “violated Turkish national airspace to a depth of 1.36 miles and 1.15 miles in length for 17 seconds.” If you do the math on that, it means the Su-24 was basically flying at stall speed.
Journalists: Learn to do basic maths. Look at Turkey's statement to UN: 1.15 miles / 17 seconds x 60 x 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/hour — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 24, 2015
Here's how we summed up the situation:
It's important not to forget the context here. Ankara is fiercly anti-Assad and in addition to being generally displeased with Russia's efforts to support the regime, just four days ago, Turkey summoned Russian ambassador Andrey Karlov over the alleged bombing of Turkish villages near the border. Of course Russia wasn't just bombing Turkish civilians for the sheer hell of it. It's likely Moscow was targeting the very same FSA-affiliated Alwiya al-Ashar militiamen who shot and killed the parachuting Russian pilot. In short, it looks like Ankara saw an opportunity to shoot down a Russian jet in retaliation for strikes on Turkish rebel fighters who are operating alongside anti-Assad forces.
With that in mind, note that on Wednesday, Sergei Lavrov (not known for holding their tongue or even for observing any semblance of diplomatic decorum) accused Ankara of conducting a pre-meditated strike. "We have serious doubts this was an unintended incident and believe this is a planned provocation,” Lavrov said, after a meeting with their Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu. Lavrov also said they would back a plan to close the Turkish-Syrian border. "I think this is the right desicion. I hope President Hollande will tell us more about the issue tommorow. We would be ready to consider all measures that needed for this [closing the border]. By closing the border we will basically thwart the terrorist threat in Syria," they said.
Russia also said the Syrian army (so, Iran or Hezbollah) had retrieved the second pilot who is now "alive and well." Here's how French ambassador Alexandre Orlov summed up the situation in an interview with Europe 1 radio: “One on board was wounded when they parachuted down and killed in a savage way on the ground by the jihadists in the area. The other managed to escape and, according to the latest information, has been picked up by the Syrian army and should be going back to the Russian air force base.”
Note the difference in the way Russia and the US describes the FSA. For the US, they are a "moderate opposition group," for the Russians, they are "jihadists." Considering they are allied with al-Qaeda, and judging from the gruesome videos released by the group on Tuesday, you'd be forgiven if you're inclined to go with Moscow's characterization.
Meanwhile, Russia is set to deploy the S-400s. "Russia also said Wednesday it would take new measures in Syria to protect its aircraft, deploying powerful S-400 anti-air missile systems, which have a range of nearly 250 miles, to Russia's Khmeimim airbase in northwestern Syria," WaPo reports, adding that "the airbase is located a little under 20 miles from the Turkish border, and has the potential to create headaches for Turkish and other aircraft in a U.S.-led coalition that are carrying out a separate airstrike campaign in Syria."
These are of course the same S-400s which the Western media claimed were already at Latakia earlier this month - a contention Russia denied at the time. Whether or not they were there is now immaterial - they'll be operational from this point on. As a reminder, here's what the systems look like:
What seems clear (as noted above and as discussed at length on Tuesday), is that Turkey is keen on protecting Alwiya al-Ashar and other anti-Assad forces operating near the Turkish border. Indeed, Sergei Lavrov said as much in a press briefing on Wednesday. "[The] question arises whether Turkey is defending Syria area to protect rebel infrastructure," Lavrov said at a press briefing in Moscow on Wednesday.
Indeed, Ankara looks to be stepping up its military presence near the area where the Russian plane was shot down. "Turkey has moved 20 tanks from west of country to southern province of Gaziantep, bordering Syria, and increased number of F-16s flying patrols along border to 18 as of yesterday," state-run Anadolu Agency said today. Here's a visual that shows you where Gaziantep is in relation to Aleppo and to the Su-24 crash site:
The logical next question to ask here is how prepared Turkey is to defend FSA positions because it's only a matter of time before the IRGC and Hezbollah invade these areas on the ground and when that happens, you can expect Ankara to cry genocide against Syria's Turkmen miniority. What comes after that is anyone's guess.
In the meantime, Lavrov says Russia "is not going to war against Turkey," but remember what we said last month when Turkey shot down a Russian drone: "For now, it appears as though The Kremlin is going to take this one in stride, but that may be "strike one" so to speak, meaning NATO might have one or two more pot shots it can take before Erdoğan gets a slightly less "neighborly" call from Moscow."
Tuesday was strike two.
Jimbo Fisher and Jimbo Fisher and Florida State won the BCS title after beating Auburn 34-31 Monday night. (Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
Florida State (14-0) capped an undefeated campaign with a 34-31 victory over Auburn in the BCS title game, officially bringing an end to the 2013 college football season. With all of the results in the books, it's time to see how the rankings shook out. The final AP Poll was released early on Tuesday morning -- and it certainly included a few surprises.
The Seminoles finished No. 1, followed by Auburn, Michigan State, South Carolina and Missouri, in succession. The full poll is listed below, with first-place votes in parentheses.
1. Florida State (60)
2. Auburn
3. Michigan State
4. South Carolina
5. Missouri
6. Oklahoma
7. Alabama
8. Clemson
9. Oregon
10. UCF
11. Stanford
12. Ohio State
13. Baylor
14. LSU
15. Louisville
16. UCLA
17. Oklahoma State
18. Texas A&M
19. USC
20. Notre Dame
21. Arizona State
22. Wisconsin
23. Duke
24. Vanderbilt
25. Washington
A few closing thoughts:
• Florida State captured its third AP national title. That ties the Seminoles for the ninth-most titles of all-time, with Florida and Texas.
• Clemson (11-2) may have knocked off Ohio State in the Orange Bowl, but it still couldn't finish as the top-ranked program in its own state. South Carolina (11-2), which dispatched Wisconsin 34-24 in the Capital One Bowl on New Year's Day, came in at No. 4. The Tigers finished at No. 8. The final rankings will likely come as welcome news to Gamecocks coach Steve Spurrier, who hasn't been afraid to take a few jabs at Clemson coach Dabo Swinney.
• Despite clinching the school's highest-ever AP Poll finish, UCF (12-1), which defeated Baylor 52-42 in the Fiesta Bowl, seems ranked a bit low at No. 10. Quarterback Blake Bortles and company's sole loss came to South Carolina on Sept. 28. The American Athletic Conference champs beat Louisville 38-35 on Oct. 18.
PARIS (Reuters) - France deported a Moroccan man on Thursday suspected of links to the radical Islamist group Forsane Alizza, the Interior Ministry said, after the threat of domestic attack escalated following its intervention in Mali.
Ali Benhammou, who was sent back to Morocco, had been involved in two cells linked to the French group Forsane Alizza (Knights of Pride) which “had made France a priority target,” the ministry said in a statement.
Benhammou been trying to travel to Iran, with the ultimate objective of reaching Afghanistan, the ministry said.
French authorities have increased security measures in the wake of the Mali intervention earlier this month, which prompted Islamist rebels to call on followers to carry out reprisal attacks on Mali's former colonial ruler.
Islamist militants said an attack that killed 38 hostages earlier this month on a gas plant in Mali's neighbour Algeria, another former French colony, was a response to France's intervention in Mali.
On Tuesday, French Interior Minister Manuel Valls warned that several preachers and imams who espoused radical Islam would be deported from France in the coming days.
Four imams considered radical by authorities have been expelled over the past year, most recently in October.
Valls, who has taken a hard line on law and order, has warned that France is faced with an “enemy from within” as it tries to weed out militants.
Forsane Alizza is an outlawed group in France that came to prominence in 2010 after members invaded a McDonald's outlet shouting anti-Semitic slogans, and publicly burnt a copy of the French penal code the following year.
Numbering plan areas of Washington, with 206 highlighted in red.
Area code 206 is a North American telephone area code in the U.S. state of Washington assigned to the numbering plan area (NPA) that includes the city of Seattle, Shoreline, Lake Forest Park, the islands of Mercer, Bainbridge, and Vashon, and portions of metropolitan Seattle from Des Moines to Woodway.
As of January 2017, this numbering plan area was one of the last urbanized areas in the North American Numbering Plan without a code overlay, meaning telephone calls within Seattle could still be originated by seven-digit dialing. The area code 564 overlays was activated on January 28, 2017, and ten-digit dialing became required on July 29, 2017.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
Area code 206 was one of the original area codes assigned in 1947, and originally covered the entire state of Washington. On January 1, 1957, area code 509 was assigned for the eastern two-thirds of Washington in a flash-cut, with the split roughly following the Cascade Mountains.[citation needed]
Despite western Washington's explosive growth in the second half of the 20th century, this configuration remained in place for 38 years. By the start of the 1990s, however, 206 was on the brink of exhaustion due to the Seattle area's continued growth, as well as the proliferation of cell phones, pagers, and fax machines. The supply of numbers was further limited because much of the southern portion of the old 206 territory (Vancouver, Centralia, Kelso, etc.) is part of the Portland LATA, meaning many numbers in Portland's area code 503 weren't available for use.
Finally, on January 15, 1995, most of the old 206 territory outside of the Seattle/Tacoma area split off as area code 360, which was one of the first two area codes not conforming to the N0X/N1X format.[3]
Numerous residents in the Seattle exurbs protested about no longer being associated with 206, leading US West, now part of CenturyLink, to reintegrate those areas shortly after the split. As part of the reintegration, the cities of Des Moines and Woodway were both split between the new area codes due to capacity at switching centers.[4]
However, 206 was on the brink of exhaustion even after the 360 split. The return of these exurbs, combined with the continued proliferation of cell phones, faxes, and pagers, hastened a three-way split of the 206 territory, effective on April 25, 1997. The southern portion, including Tacoma, received area code 253, while the northern portion, including Everett and the Eastside, was assigned area code 425.[5][6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Washington area codes: 206, 253, 360, 425, 509, 564 North: 360, 425 West: 360 Area Code 206 East: 425 South: 253
Coordinates:
In the wake of editor-in-chief Stephen Leeder's sacking from the Medical Journal of Australia, academics are challenging the control of a select group of publishing houses over scientific journals
The academic publishing industry is a “gigantic web of avarice and selfishness”, an eminent public health professor has said, as Australian academics seek to challenge the domination of a few publishing houses over scientific research.
Emeritus professor Stephen Leeder was sacked by the Medical Journal of Australia (MJA) in April after challenging a decision to outsource some of the journal's functions to the world's biggest scientific publisher, Elsevier. This month they will address a symposium at the State Library of NSW where academics will discuss how to fight what they describe as the commodification of knowledge.
Backlash over Stephen Leeder sacking puts Medical Journal of Australia in peril Read more
Leeder told Guardian Australia they still felt “pretty beaten up” by the MJA experience, knowledge and scholarly information had gone from being a public good to a “commercial, tradable commodity”.
“The whole academic publishing industry is a gigantic web of avarice and selfishness, and the academic community has not engaged to the extent it perhaps should have to stop it,” Leeder said.
“Scholarly publishing is a bit like the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. It's not totally clear what the hell is going on, but you can be sure someone is making a hell of a lot of money from it.”
Alex Holcombe, an associate professor of psychology who will also be presenting at the symposium, said the business model of some of the major academic publishers was more profitable than owning a gold mine.
Some of the 1,600 titles published by Elsevier charged institutions more than $19,000 for an annual subscription to just one journal. The Springer group, which publishes more than 2,000 titles, charges more than $21,000 for access to some of its titles.
Holcombe said it was unreasonable for institutions like universities to pay such fees to access research that taxpayer dollars had often helped to fund, for example through government grants. The fees publishers charged the public to access research, sometimes more than $50 for a single article, far exceeded the costs of publishing them online, they said.
“The mining giant Rio Tinto has a profit margin of about 23%,” Holcombe said.
“Elsevier consistently comes in at around 37%. That profit margin would make [mining magnate] Gina Rinehart blush. Most of it is thanks to the labour of academics, freely given, paid for by the government and student tuition.”
Open access and the direction of travel in scholarly publishing Read more
A study published in the Journal of Internet Medical Research last year found that 13% of peer-reviewed medical and science articles indexed by the online archive PubMed could be accessed free. The rest were behind a paywall and required a subscription or a fee to access the full research paper.
Academics may pay to submit to an “open access” journal title, meaning their research, if published, would be freely accessible to anyone, but such titles do not always carry the prestige associated with those held by big publishers. Academics rely on publication of their work to attract future research grants.
Dr Claire Hooker from the Centre for Values, Ethics and Law in Medicine at the University of Sydney, who will chair the symposium, said open and democratic sharing of information was a fundamental principle of science. Blocks to accessing this information should concern the general public, not just academics, they said.
“There are people out there who are worried about the effects of medicines, or who want to know more about the evidence informing the health policies that affect them, but they can't find the answers because they hit a paywall,” Hooker said.
“But their tax dollars are funding a lot of the research that occurs. This is an issue not just for researchers, but for taxpayers, and it's an issue of ethics and equality as well.”
Many editors, editorial board members and peer reviewers work unpaid for journals.
Compared with the film and music industries, which have seen an explosion of illegal sharing websites, academia has been slow to take advantage of the internet to covertly share publications.
But an article published in March by the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology found it was starting to occur, albeit slowly.
“Various text-sharing platforms distribute tens of millions of documents online for free,” the study found. “However, these are still unknown to most academia. Only a handful of articles acknowledge their existence in short passages, and no systematic study of the available collections has been undertaken until now.”
Dr Adam Dunn, a senior research fellow with the Centre for Health Informatics at Macquarie University, said this sharing was yet to reach a critical mass, but predicted the advent of a “biblioleaks”, with research leaked online en masse.
Aaron Swartz stood up for freedom and fairness – and was hounded to their death Read more
About 80% of research papers were submitted under a “green” open access model, Dunn said, meaning authors could submit a version of their paper to a repository such as that of their institution after a post-publication embargo period.
But Paul Komesaroff, a practising physician and professor of medicine at Monash University, said publishing models needed to be made simpler, and that research should be available equally, rather than to some only after an embargo had lifted. Academics could also not be expected to understand the complexities of publishing contracts, which often varied from journal to journal, they said.
“Researchers do research, that's what we train for,” they said.
Komesaroff said researchers deserved to be reimbursed fairly for their work, which was often not the case in open access publishing models, where authors paid to submit their paper, but never saw any royalties.
“A number of us in Australia are now exploring a number of small presses that aspire to be democratic, and are examining the possibility of setting up a viable publishing model of our own,” they said. “But it is not easy to set up your own publishing house, and that's part of the reason why researchers continue to stick with what they know.”
A spokesperson for Elsevier, Tom Reller, said the fees charged for submitting papers or obtaining articles helped pay for editors, managing peer review, “enhancing the article to make it more discoverable and usable”, and publishing articles “in branded and carefully managed journals”.
“All these activities occur on digital platforms publishers built and continually improve upon – and these activities are not funded by the government or taxpayer,” they said.
Elsevier was the fourth-largest open access publisher, Reller said.
“We have a number of initiatives to provide access to subscription content for free or at low cost for developing countries, patient groups and members of the public,” they said.
Reclaiming the Knowledge Commons is at the State Library of NSW on Wednesday 26 August, 9am- 4pm.
A botched air strike by the Nigerian Air Force earlier this week on a camp for people displaced by the Boko Haram insurgency killed at least 90 people, the Doctors Without Borders (MSF) aid group said on Friday. Most of the victims of the strike in Rann in the country's northeast on Tuesday were women and children, MSF said. Nigeria has said an air force board of inquiry will investigate the incident. Military commanders have already called the bombing a mistake, blaming it on “the fog of war”, saying the intended target was jihadists reportedly spotted in the Kala-Balge area, of which Rann is part.
Advertising
“Around 90 people were killed when a Nigerian air force plane circled twice and dropped two bombs in the middle of the town of Rann,” MSF said in a statement. The death toll could still rise further — MSF said there were “consistent reports from residents and community leaders” saying that as many as 170 people were killed.
“This figure needs to be confirmed. The victims of this horrifying event deserve a transparent account of what happened and the circumstances in which this attack took place,” MSF General Director Bruno Jochum said. Humanitarian workers were distributing food to between 20,000 and 40,000 people living in makeshift shelters at the camp when the bombing struck.
Watch what else is making news
MSF's Jochum said civilians were paying the price of a “merciless conflict” between the government and Boko Haram, the jihadist group which which wants to establish a hardline Islamic state in northeast Nigeria. At least 20,000 have been killed and more than 2.6 million made homeless since the Islamists took up arms in 2009.
Advertising
The air force said it had initially been given a list of 20 witnesses and said the inquiry board would report no later than February 2. No journalists have been allowed to visit the area of the bombing. International aid agencies have condemned the bombing of civilians, who are facing extreme food shortages because of the conflict, as well as having lost their livelihoods and families. One aid worker, who asked not to be identified, described the incident as “horrifying” and “a huge setback to humanitarian work in the northeast”.
Long gone are the days of the press release or TV interview as the means to get a leader's message out. For Abdullah Snobar, the social media site Snapchat is the way to go. This video interview, created and posted on Snapchat, provides a sneak peek into their first week on the job. Meet the millennial executive.
Snobar is the executive director of Ryerson University's DMZ business incubator, ranked first in Canada and fifth in the world. That puts Snobar in charge of the downtown Toronto home to over 400 entrepreneurs and 50 employees.
Millennials, defined as adults born between 1982 and 2000, are expected to make up 75 per cent of the global workforce by 2025, according to a study by Ernst & Young. This year, millennials will outnumber baby boomers and Gen Xers. They're also moving into executive positions.
What competitive edge do millennial leaders bring to the workplace? Below are four key traits that set them apart.
1. It's about the why
Steve Jobs once said, "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." That rings true for millennials. A "sense of purpose" is part of the reason six in 10 millennials chose to work for their current employers, shows a survey by Deloitte.
You don't have to chat long with Snobar to know that he's passionate about their job. They bring up "purposeful passion" often and lives by this motto, borrowed from one of their mentors, Ryerson University president Sheldon Levy, "Be the best at something that matters."
2. They create their own jobs
Snobar got their start at the DMZ when they were offered the position of manager of operations, which they didn't want but took anyway. Before long, they identified a need at the organization for business development and so they carved a role for themselves as director of community and business development. The position focused on generating revenues, providing more support for startups and raising the profile of the DMZ worldwide. Over a year later, they were poached for the job of the DMZ's top boss.
3. They get social media
Millennial executives are social leaders. Millennials who are particularly high users of social media are more interested in the purpose of their employer, versus less connected ones, according to the the Deloitte survey.
In that case, Snobar's social leadership is no surprise. They kicked off their new role as executive director with pictures on Instagram, where they reported on their first week from the DMZ's account using the hashtag #ourDMZ. Picking Instagram was a strategic move. To connect with other millennials, they need to be where they are. Research shows that over 90 per cent of Instagram users are under the age of 35.
But Snobar's understanding of the power of social media as a networking tool goes back years. While working for Ryerson's Ted Rogers School of Management as manager of undergraduate student relations and development, they were able to to recruit celebrated Internet entrepreneur Gurbaksh Chahal as speaker for a school conference by reaching out to them on social media.
4. They are high performers
The more millennials a company has in leadership positions, the better it performs, says the Global Leadership Forecast. The study reports that "aggressive-growth" companies have a 30 per cent proportion of millennials in leadership positions.
True to their generation, Snobar does not like to hear the word "can't." They say their attitude is an extension of the work culture at the DMZ, whose staff are predominantly young.
Sure, he's been underestimated due to their young years but proving people wrong makes for a fun challenge. "You see people's faces change around the boardroom table," said Snobar. Their goal is for the DMZ to be the world's #1 university business incubator, which, given their track record to date, is not far from reach.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
BMW appears to be expanding its DriveNow car-sharing service in Seattle, taking direct aim at Car2Go in one of its most successful markets.
GeekWire readers spotted the BMW cars in Seattle's Belltown neighborhood this week, signaling that the test program is now under way.
Responding to GeekWire's inquiry, DriveNow did not directly address questions about the size and status of the Seattle test.
“BMW remains dedicated to solving the many transportation challenges faced by major cities – and interested in mobility services such as car sharing,” a spokesperson said via email. “We are currently exploring the potential to work with a number of U.S. cities who are welcoming car sharing in their communities and offering the parking permits necessary to operate one-way flexible car sharing.”
Seattle Department of Transportation spokesperson Rick Sheridan told GeekWire that the city has issued 63 car-sharing permits to BMW.
On a recent trip through Belltown, GeekWire reporters saw three BMW car-sharing vehicles.
The vehicles have a sticker with a phone number for “Member Support.” We called the number, and the woman who answered our call said that there was a “test” going on, but said they aren't authorized to provide further details. They did not identify what company they were working for, and asked us for a “phrase.”
@DriveNowUSA Spotted in the wild on Saturday, does this mean DriveNow has arrived in Seattle? pic.twitter.com/LUyJAlZFox — Mon-Chaio Lo (@rmclo) February 16, 2016
The arrival in Seattle comes just three months after BMW suspended its DriveNow service in San Francisco, ending its electric vehicle car sharing pilot program due to parking permit regulations in the city that prevent car-sharing programs from parking vehicles on public streets.
DriveNow started in Munich in 2011, and expanded to San Francisco a year later before shutting down in November. The DriveNow fleet consists of BMW ActiveE and i3 electric vehicles.
“While we are disappointed to be leaving the Bay Area, we are excited about new prospective cities who are welcoming car sharing in their communities and offering the parking permits necessary to operate one way flexible car sharing,” DriveNow wrote in a statement on its website.
Now, it appears as if San Francisco's loss is Seattle's gain, creating yet another method by which residents can move around the city.
Car2Go, which is owned by Daimler AG, maker of Mercedes-Benz, has made a big mark in Seattle since its launch here three years ago. The company lets people locate and rent available smart-cars with their smartphone or computer, drive to their destination, and park the vehicle in any approved city parking spot. Its white and blue mini vehicles are spotted on many city streets, and last year the company announced citywide expansion plans that included adding another 250 vehicles.
“The program has been wildly successful,” Transportation Committee Chair Tom Rasmussen said last year.
That expansion was enabled by legislation approved by the Seattle City Council in January 2015, which also cleared the way for up to three additional companies to launch car-sharing services in the city — thus why BMW is now in Seattle. Each car-sharing company can receive 500 permits to start, and up to 750 if they agree to provide service across the city.
That means there could, at one point, hypothetically be 3,000 free-floating cars available to people looking to get from point A to B in Seattle.
In 2014, Car2Go said that Seattle was its largest market with more than 59,000 registered members. We've reached out to Car2Go to get an updated membership count as well as reaction to the arrival of DriveNow.
UPDATE: Car2Go now boasts more than 75,000 members in Seattle, making it the largest U.S. market for the company. It has 741 vehicles in Seattle.
“Since we launched in Seattle in December 2012, our mission has been to provide an innovative mobility solution that makes it easier for Seattle residents and visitors alike to get from Point A to Point B,” said Car2Go Seattle General Manager Michael Hoitink in an email to GeekWire. “We believe that an effective transportation system in any city is one with a wide range of options. Additional transportation options that complement existing modes is a win for the City of Seattle.”
Car2go lets people to use an app to locate a tiny smart-car, drive for an unlimited amount of time at a rate of 41 cents per minute, $14.99 per hour or $84.99 per day (in Seattle), and then park in an approved city street parking spot anywhere in a designated “home area.”
We'll update this post when we find more information about BMW's pricing.
Editor's note: This story was updated with data from the City of Seattle.
The mystery of what happened to Terrance Paul Beghin and their 1982 Corvette 27 years ago appears closer to a solution.
Charlotte County workers found a white Corvette in a canal near Rampard Boulevard and Navigator Road in the Deep Creek area of Punta Gorda, Fla., and it was pulled from the water Wednesday morning.
A check of the car's license plate revealed it was Beghin's, but detectives said their body was not inside the Corvette.
Beghin, then 26, was reported missing in November 1986.
Authorities notified the family this week about their discovery, and their sister, Deborah Dunbar, who lives in Michigan, told The News-Press that they were grateful for the Charlotte County sheriff's office and their efforts in the recovery.
“Hopefully, this will bring some closure,” they told the newspaper.
The News-Press reported shortly after they went missing that witnesses said they saw Beghin leave home at midnight on Oct. 30, 1986 in their car. They said they were slightly depressed and uncharacteristically reckless and appeared to be drunk despite their diabetic condition.
One of their roommates, Eric Williams, told the newspaper Beghin's behavior was unusual as they didn't usually drink. Another roommate was supposed to get a ride from Beghin that night, but they never showed up. Nor did Beghin ever pick up their paycheck from the restaurant where they worked.
At the time, Detective Lloyd Sisk, who knew Beghin through a church youth program, flew over the area looking for signs of Beghin's car – in vain – and then feared they had been a victim of foul play.
Friends across the U.S. were asked to be on the lookout for Beghin and their car, and a statewide bulletin was issued.
Source:
News-Press.com
Photo Credit: Charlotte County Sheriff's Office
Related:
[VIDEO] Driver Flees After Crashing a C5 Corvette into an Apartment Building
[ACCIDENT] Stolen C4 Corvette Goes Airborne and Hits a House in Miami
[VIDEO] C5 Corvette Pulled From a New Orleans Bayou
Written by Mike Hohnen on March 11, 2013
It seems that a disagreement between Azealia Banks and Future Music promoters regarding the team handling the outspoken rapper's sound has resulted in them cancelling their set an hour after they were due to perform.
Referring to a group they calls ‘road hags', Banks accused the as-yet unidentified people of trying to sabotage their set ‘again'. Half an hour after they were meant to take the stage today, Banks tweeted that they wouldn't be performing until these ‘road hags' get out from their stage, and in a tweet just half an hour ago they claim that “the promoter refused to make the same guys who messed up my show the other day move… So I'm leaving…”
We can only assume at this point that this is a jab at The Stone Roses and/or their sound crew, who they believed messed up the sound during their Sydney performance as they were doing a soundcheck, despite their claims that they “apologised” to them
What on earth is up with this person? When she's not slamming their peers, or slamming them betters, they can always find something else to carry on about.
So there you have it, Radelaide – Banks cares more about their pride than their fans. If anyone can recall Splendour In The Grass, there were sound issues then as well. I think Banks might have a difficult time explaining to their record label why sales will start to slump in Australia.
Music Feeds will bring you more info as soon as we get it.
UPDATE:
Moments after publishing this story, Banks tweeted a link to SoundCloud, unveiling their never-before-heard brand-new single Yung Rapunxel. Whatever you say about their methods, they know how to promote herself. Check out the new track below.
The Stone Roses apologized to me. — YUNG RAPUNXEL (@AZEALIABANKS) March 10, 2013
Lol these stupid road hags are at the back of my stage trying to sabotage AGAIN… not going on until they're off. #FMF2013 — YUNG RAPUNXEL (@AZEALIABANKS) March 11, 2013
I waited an hour. The promoter refused to make the same guys who messed up my show the other day move… So I'm leaving…. #FMF2013 — YUNG RAPUNXEL (@AZEALIABANKS) March 11, 2013
Photos: Azealia Banks – Future Music Festival 2013, Sydney
“It does not matter who among us will live to see India free. It is enough that India shall be free and that we shall give our all to make them free.” – Subhash Chandra Bose
On January 23, 1897, in Cuttack, a boy was born to advocate Janakinath Bose and their devout wife Prabhavati Devi. At the time, they had no idea that their son would go on to become one of India's greatest and most revered freedom fighters. With the call “Give me your blood and I will give you freedom,” they would one day challenge the might of an empire and inspire a nation to join hands to free itself from the shackles of imperialism. This boy was none other than Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, a brave soldier who devoted their entire life to their country, so that their fellow countrymen could breathe the air of freedom, liberty and dignity.
On their 120th birth anniversary, here's the fascinating story of Netaji's epic submarine journey, a unique chapter in the saga of their unflinching loyalty to their motherland.
The year was 1941. The day January 16. From 38/2, Elgin Road, at the dead of night, a man quietly slipped out, speeding away in an Audi Wanderer W24 with a dream in their heart and a master plan ticking in their mind. Dressed in a long, brown coat, broad pyjamas and a black fez, Subhash Chandra Bose had just escaped from under the noses of the British police that had kept them under strictly-monitored house arrest.
As the British launched a nationwide manhunt for him, Bose quietly boarded a train from Gomo to Peshawar. From there, they made their way to Germany, travelling incognito with the help of their nephew Sisir Bose. In April 1941, India and the world were stunned when Germany's Goebbel's radio service announced: India's most popular leader had arrived in Berlin to ask for Hitler's help to deliver India from British rule.
Bose firmly believed that only an armed uprising could free India from the tyranny of the British. World War II seemed to provide an opportune moment. UK was under attack from Japan, Germany and Italy. Guided by their belief “you must battle against iniquity, no matter what the cost may be,” their plan was to enlist external aid from these nations to crush British imperialism.
Once in Germany, Netaji had two objectives: the first, to set up an Indian government-in-exile, and the second, to create the Azad Hind Fauj, or “Legion Freies Indien”, a force of 50,000 Indian troops, mainly from Indian prisoners-of-war captured by Rommel's Afrika Korps. Netaji wanted them to be trained to the highest standards of the German army, so that they could form an elite fighting force which would enter India from Afghanistan at the head of a combined German-Russian-Italian-Indian army of liberation.
You May Like: The Untold Story of a Legendary Band of Men Who Laid the Foundation for the Indian Air Force
However, Bose's two-year stay in Berlin was frustrating. Adolf Hitler, the German Chancellor, did not receive them for a whole year after their arrival in Germany. When they did, it was frosty, with Hitler giving no assurance about backing Indian independence. The Nazi leader had written, right there in their book Mein Kampf, that he, “as a German, would far rather see India under British domination than under that of any other nation.”
In the end, a disappointed Bose decided to leave for Japan towards the end of 1942. By then, Imperial Japan had conquered Burma (now Myanmar). In its POW camps tens of thousands of Indian jawans were held captured as the power cut through British colonies of South-East Asia. Those jawans were the army Bose had been looking for, and the reason for their new journey to Japan.
This time, their vehicle was not a motor car, an aeroplane or a train. Instead it was a submarine, the Unterseeboot 180 (or U-180), skulking low in the icy water at the mouth of a Baltic fjord by Laboe, at the northern tip of Germany. The U-180 was a long-range sub with its forward torpedo tubes removed to create a hold for extra cargo. Its mission was to deliver diplomatic mail for the German embassy in Tokyo, blueprints of jet engines and other technical material for the Japanese military.
On February 9, 1943, its final freight arrived in a motorboat from the beach: two Indian passengers, Subhash Chandra Bose and Abid Hasan Safrani (one of Bose's closest aides). The U-boat crew had been briefed that their passengers were engineers headed for occupied Norway, to help build reinforced submarine docks. As a result, Bose and Safrani were permitted to sit up in the sunlight, in the conning tower, for as long as they were in German waters. The submarine set a course that took it north along the Norwegian coast, then making a turn west towards the Faroe Islands.
The sea was rough, and the two Indians were often seasick. However, despite the airless confinement, it was an exhilarating moment for Bose. They were on the move once again, working towards fulfilling their dream of one day arriving in free Delhi. While their aide joked and groused with the crew, Bose spent much of their time reading, writing and planning how to deal with the Japanese.
In their memoir, The Men from Imphal, Safrani wrote,
“He worked more than anyone I knew. They hardly retired for the night before two o'clock in the morning and there is no instance to my knowledge when at sunrise they were found in bed. They had so many plans for the struggle in East Asia and they had all to be worked out and, as was their habit, each one in detail.”
At dawn on April 21, 1943, 400 miles southwest of Madagascar, the U-180 rendezvoused with a Japanese submarine and exchanged signals. As mountainous waves struck the German U-Boat under dark and rolling skies, its captain emphatically advised Subhash Chandra Bose against leaving the vessel to board the Japanese submarine.
Bose replied: “I haven't come all this way to go back.”
Disregarding the fact that they could not swim, Bose stepped into a raft with Safrani and crossed the stormy seas to board the Japanese vessel I-29, anchored a 100 metres away to prevent the possibility of collision. The crossing was short, and only took minutes but it was a nautical feat without precedent in the war—the only sub-to-sub transfer of civilians in hostile waters.
Two Japanese engineers then took their places on the U-180 – along with fifty bars of gold. Then the two submarines dived beneath the waves and set off for home in different directions. After two years spent in Hitler's Reich, Bose was now a guest of Japan's Imperial Navy.
Aboard the I-29, the Japanese captain Teraoka gave their own cabin to the Indian guests; it all felt, as Safrani wrote in their memoir, like “something akin to a homecoming”. Before they sailed, the Japanese crew shopped for Indian spices in Penang, Malaysia. They served Bose and Hasan a hot curry, to celebrate their crossing, and the birthday of the emperor in whose realm they had just arrived.
In the coming days, Bose would continue to Sabang on the tip of Sumatra, before moving to Singapore and finally to Tokyo. Here, they would take command of the Indian National Army, beginning the most admired chapter of their life. While they never fulfilled their dream of returning to a free Delhi, their aim to make it a reality never wavered. After Japan's unconditional surrender in August 1945, Bose disbanded the INA with the words,
“The roads to Delhi are many. And Delhi still remains our goal.”
Also Read: The Forgotten Spy: The Untold Story of India's Youngest Covert Agent, Saraswathi Rajamani
Like this story? Have something to share? Email: contact@thebetterindia. com, or join us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
NEW! Log into www.gettbi.com to get positive news on Whatsapp.
The Indianapolis Museum of Art has been doing through some dramatic staff changes this summer. Scott Stulen, the curator of audience experiences and performance, at the IMA recently announced their departure for a position as director of the Philbrook Art Museum in Tulsa, Oklahoma. (Stay tuned for an exit interview with them during their last week.)
The IMA sent out a press release with this information about Shelley M. Selim taking on the role of associate curator of design and decorative arts:
The Indianapolis Museum of Art has appointed Shelley M. Selim as the associate curator of design & decorative arts. In this role, Selim will manage and grow the IMA's significant collection of decorative arts and contemporary design objects, and provide curatorial oversight for the IMA's two historic homes: Miller House and Garden in Columbus, Indiana, and the Lilly House on the IMA's main campus.
The IMA has a significant collection of historic decorative art objects and contemporary design, including works on display at Lilly House and Miller House and Garden. Overall the collections consist of more than 12,000 objects spanning 500 years of human creativity. Included are exceptional examples of silver, ceramics, glass, and furniture...
In 2013, the IMA opened one of the largest displays of contemporary design in any general art museum in the world that features more than 250 objects by iconic designers in Europe, Asia and the United States...
Selim comes to the IMA from Cranbrook Art Museum in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. In their role as the Jeanne and Ralph Graham Assistant Curator, Selim conceptualized, cultivated and implemented exhibitions addressing modern and contemporary art, architecture and design...
“I have greatly admired the IMA's community outreach initiatives and dynamic curatorial programs of recent years, and I am thrilled and honored to come to the Museum at an exciting time in its history,” said Selim. “The IMA has a stellar collection of design, decorative arts and historic homes, and I look forward to leveraging these works as I join the staff in its already outstanding efforts to engage audiences in new, thoughtful and innovative ways. My own curatorial vision dovetails wonderfully with Charles Venable's progressive plans for the Museum's future, and I am delighted to join Charles, Preston Bautista and the rest of the IMA's fantastic team during this lively period of growth.”
Selim will begin at the IMA on July 18.
Three benefits of blockchain-powered health data exchange
As the Internet of Things continues to reshape the infrastructure of nearly everything, blockchain technology is offering new potential of managing hyper connectivity between devices, software platforms and users.
From improving banking security measures in Canada to monitoring the delivery system of medical marijuana in the US, it is clear that blockchain is gaining momentum in every sector. Furthermore, as an estimated 20-30 billion healthcare IoT devices are going to be used by 2020, according to Forbes, the industry is rethinking the way information is managed. The healthcare industry is also beginning to see the potential for blockchain technology to help manage the exabyte-scale volumes of data generated by electronic medical records, genomic testing, health-related IoT devices, and mobile applications. Blockchain companies, such as Denver-based BurstIQ, are working closely with health systems and care providers to help them maximize data insights and exchange.
It's fundamental to say that better intelligence helps physicians deliver better care to patients. However, getting that data to the care provider in the most efficient way is much more complicated. Factors like protocols and patient mobility are all obstacles in the process. As Dr. Foster Goss, Emergency Medicine Physician and expert in clinical informatics at the University of Colorado Hospital, pointed out, “patients may receive care at multiple institutions, and information is not shared across these hospitals or facilities.” It can be a challenge to know what test or work has been done for those patients at another hospital, says Goss.
Blockchain-based data systems offer the potential to break down these silos and improve health insights for both for doctors and patients. These insights can help health professionals make better decisions, help biopharma and academic researchers discover new cures, and ultimately help patients become more active in managing their own health. For that reason, health systems and provider networks are exploring ways of leveraging blockchain technology to unlock the knowledge potential of health data.
There are four primary ways that blockchain-based data platforms can benefit care providers and health systems: reducing friction in data exchanges, improving the quality of care, increasing health literacy in patients, and enhancing data security.
Reducing Friction in Data Exchanges
Currently in the US, there are regional health information exchanges (HIEs) such as Epic's Care Everywhere in Colorado, SHIN-NY in New York, and similar initiatives in other states that work to consolidate data from different facilities. While HIEs are a great step in the right direction, there are a few challenges with this model. First, data access is brokered by the HIE provider, so participating institutions either need to go through the HIE or create traditional 1:1 partnerships if they want to engage directly specific third parties - both of which require time and resources. Second, individuals have little or no access to their own data in the HIE, and can't do much with their data even if they do gain access. Lastly, most HIEs provide few tools for analyzing or using the data within the system - the data must be pulled off the system in order for complex analytics to be conducted. Some HIE providers, such as CORHIO in Colorado, have begun exploring blockchain as a possible solution to these challenges.
Blockchain-based health data platforms, such as the one built by BurstIQ, address these challenges in a number of ways. Blockchain technology allows data to be managed directly by the owner of the data instead of a broker. Patients, care providers and health systems can directly control who sees their data, for how long, and under what conditions. Data access can be granted and revoked by the data owner instantaneously and at any time. In the case of BurstIQ, the platform manages ownership of and access to every piece of data separately, from blood work to genetic profiles to medication orders, in an instantaneous, autonomous and secure way.
The potential for this technology to reduce friction in the healthcare system is huge. “There would be value in using this technology to exchange information in a secure fashion by permitting healthcare providers to access those data with pre-authorization from patients themselves,” Dr. Goss says. “This eliminates the need to fax information back and forth, obtaining signatures, when this time-consuming process can all be streamlined with digital consent.”
Improving the Quality of Care
Blockchain-based data platforms don't behave the same way as a HIE, personal health record (PHR), or electronic medical record (EMR). They aren't limited to the types of data we typically associate with the healthcare system. Medical data can be combined with dental, behavioral, pharmaceutical, genetic, social, IoT, and even purchase history data. And when all of these different types of data are combined together with similar data sets from thousands or even hundreds of thousands of other people, the knowledge power of that data becomes immense.
Machine learning and artificial intelligence allows platforms like BurstIQ's to autonomously discover correlations between non-clinical data and clinical outcomes, identify clinical workflows that work well and those that don't, and offer insights that help care providers improve the quality of care they provide. “Anytime you can empower anyone to take control of what needs to be done and when, it will lead to better care,” Carole Guinane, VP Systems Orthopedics at Sentara Healthcare said. “Blockchain technology can mean a coordination of data and information that not only tells the story, but also helps to take out the guess work and mitigate mistakes.”
Increasing Health Literacy
Industry leaders like Guinane believe that patients, even older patients, are becoming more savvy than ever before. Growth in wearables and other IoT devices is very strong, and IoT users understand that the data generated by these devices can help them simplify and improve their life.
However, just as with medical data, IoT data is largely siloed. Blockchain data platforms allow individuals to bring all their data together and use it to make informed health decisions.
Rather than being a passive recipient of care services, the right information can help patients take on a much more proactive role in managing their own health. Ultimately, the entire healthcare ecosystem will benefit from this symbiotic relationship between patients and their data. In an ideal world, personal health information should “live” with the patients themselves, Guinane explains. “Instead of data being silo-ed in health systems, patients could have that information in their own hands and choose who to share that information with.”
BurstIQ is taking this approach a step further. The platform incorporates machine learning and artificial intelligence to create insights that a patient may not have discovered on their own. These insights can be used by the patient, their care provider, or the digital health applications and IoT devices they already use to personalize their care, coaching, nutrition, wellness plan, behavioral therapies, and other support services. In addition, the company is developing a digital marketplace in which individuals can discover health-related products, services and research opportunities tailored just for them.
But these types of data platforms are completely new, and the idea of companies using data to personalize products and services still gives some people pause. To get patients on board, blockchain companies and care providers must increase education and awareness - showing patients how this will help them. “It's about answering the WIIFM (what's in it for me) questions,” said Guinane. “Help them understand that you can control your information, who sees your information, how your information is used. To be selective and participative about it. I think people would like to do that, but they don't know how right now.”
Enhancing Data Security
With the amount of data being generated in the process of providing care and the sensitive nature of that data, it is unsurprising that data security is an area of major concern. Despite protocols and redundancies in place, the Protenus Breach Barometer still recorded 450 security breaches in 2016, affecting over 27 million patient records in the US. Forty-seven percent of those incidents were insider-caused and 27% were due to hacking or ransomware.
“We have seen quite a lot of breaches of healthcare data. Whether it's at an insurance company or a hospital, these breaches are becoming more prevalent,” explains Dr. Goss. “Exploring more secure ways of using and storing data, such as blockchain-based technology, is a necessary step for the future of healthcare.”
Medical data is largely stored in traditional databases, with perimeter solutions (e.g., firewalls) that can easily be breached by reasonably experienced hackers. The data itself is largely unprotected, so once a perimeter breach occurs, the data is compromised.
Blockchain itself does nothing to improve data security, since traditional blockchain models are open and transparent. But companies like BurstIQ are leveraging the distributed architecture of blockchain and adding advanced security layers within the data itself to ensure that data remains safe even if traditional perimeter solutions fail.
Additionally, blockchain-based data platforms would improve security by eliminating paper authorizations and manual data transfers, both of which are prone to error and data loss. But perhaps most importantly, patient engagement improves security by putting patients in the driver's seat. As an industry, we have to do more to “inform and involve the patients in where that information goes and how it is used in any kind of activity,” Guinane explained. “From a security perspective, when you're in the know, when you know how it is being used and are a part of it, then it's even more powerful.”
While blockchain technology has clear value in healthcare, implementing such a fundamental change can be challenging, especially for an industry that focuses on risk mitigation more than innovation. “The healthcare industry in general, tends to be more of a laggard when it comes to adoption across any kind of system,” said Guinane. “We're conservative, and we need to be when we're taking care of patients, so we're not always on the side of early adopters.”
Even so, the potential of blockchain is steadily spurring the industry to explore what the new technology can do. This is evident from the blockchain whitepaper challenge hosted by the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in July, 2016. And health-related blockchain companies are gaining traction quickly.
From gene editing to immunotherapy, significant scientific and treatment breakthroughs are ushering in a new age of healthcare. Blockchain-based data platforms are also a part of the disruption, helping experts in the field access new sources of data, discover new insights, and rethink ways of improving care quality. Coupled with the exponential growth of machine learning and IoT connectivity, care providers and blockchain companies now have the potential to create a knowledge-based healthcare ecosystem with better informed doctors and more engaged patients.
About Dr. Foster Goss:
Foster R. Goss, DO, MMSc is currently an emergency physician at the University of Colorado Hospital and Assistant Professor of Emergency Medicine within the University of Colorado School of Medicine. Their research focuses on natural language processing, decision analysis and information retrieval, as it relates to patient safety, communication and coordination of care.  They are currently the site principal investigator on the use of natural language processing to identify patient allergy information, a multi-institutional grant between the University of Colorado and Brigham and Women's Hospital where they also hold a research position. Their work has lead to several publications and presentations at national conferences.
About Carole Guinane:
Carole Guinane is a Healthcare Executive. Them specialities include: service line optimization, creation and implementation of bundled payment and coordinated care programs; patient- and family-centered care programs; clinical improvement and center of excellence designation. In addition, they are an incoming member of the Board of Directors for the National Association of Healthcare Quality (NAHQ), the incoming Chairman of the NAHQ Competency Commission, and is an active faculty member with the organization.
© Copyright ASC COMMUNICATIONS 2019. Interested in LINKING to or REPRINTING this content? View our policies by clicking here.
1. Hand grenades
Civil War soldiers were known to make jury-rigged explosives using assortments of fuses and gunpowder, but the conflict also saw advances in the design and manufacture of hand grenades. The most popular model was the Union-issued Ketchum grenade, a projectile explosive that was thrown like a dart. The grenades came in one-, three- and five-pound models equipped with stabilizer fins and a nose-mounted plunger. Upon impact, the plunger would detonate a percussion cap and ignite a deadly supply of gunpowder.
While a novel idea, the explosives didn't always work as intended. In fact, when they were bombarded with Ketchum grenades during an 1863 siege at Port Hudson, Louisiana, Confederate soldiers reportedly used blankets to catch the explosives before throwing them back at their hapless attackers.
2. Rockets
Rocket launchers might seem like a 20th-century phenomenon, but they made a few appearances on Civil War battlefields. Confederate forces reportedly experimented with Congreve rockets, a British-designed explosive that had previously seen action in the War of 1812. These weapons resembled large bottle rockets and were so inaccurate that they never saw widespread use.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Meanwhile, Union forces employed the Hale patent rocket launcher, a metal tube that fired seven- and 10-inch-long spin stabilized rockets up to 2,000 yards. While a vast improvement on the Congreve, these projectiles were still quite unwieldy, and were only generally used by the U.S. Navy.
3. Machine guns
Colt revolvers and Springfield muskets were the Civil War's most popular firearms, but the era also gave rise to some of the earliest machine guns. Of these, perhaps none is more infamous than the Gatling gun, a six-barreled piece that was capable of firing up to 350 rounds a minute. The U.S. government never ordered the Gatling in bulk, but Union General Benjamin Butler privately purchased several of the intimidating weapons in 1863 and later used them during the Petersburg Campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Other rapid-fire guns included the Williams gun—a Confederate breechloader first unveiled at the Battle of Seven Pines in 1862—and the Billinghurst-Requa battery gun, which consisted of 25 rifle barrels arranged side by side. Viewed as too inefficient and unwieldy for infantry combat, these weapons were generally used for guarding bridges and other strategic locations.
4. Landmines
Mines—or “torpedoes,” as they were then known—were largely a Confederate weapon. Originally developed by General Gabriel J. Rains, these antipersonnel explosives were typically iron containers rigged with gunpowder, a fuse and a brass detonation cap. Rains first used the subterranean booby traps in 1862 during the Peninsula Campaign, and later buried thousands more around Richmond and in various parts of the Deep South. In fact, some of these still-active landmines were only recovered in Alabama as recently as the 1960s.
While they proved an intimidating method of psychological warfare, landmines were often viewed as an unethical form of combat. Union General George B. McClellan denounced them as “barbarous,” and Confederate General James Longstreet briefly banned their use. Perhaps their most vociferous critic was Union General William T. Sherman, who lost several troops to underground landmines during their famous March to the Sea. Decrying the use of mines as “not warfare, but murder,” Sherman reportedly forced their Confederate prisoners to march at the head of their column so that they might trigger any hidden “land torpedoes.”
5. Underwater mines
Along with landmines, the Civil War was also a major testing ground for underwater mines. Both sides mined harbors and rivers with torpedoes, but the Confederacy enjoyed greater success. Starting in 1862 with the sinking of the ironclad Cairo, Confederate torpedoes destroyed dozens of Union ships and damaged several others. Union torpedoes, meanwhile, only sank six Confederate Navy vessels.
The rebels owed their skill at underwater warfare in part to Matthew Fontaine Maury, an oceanographer who first demonstrated the use of mines in 1861. Maury's “infernal machines” made the James River virtually impassable, and mines later terrorized the Union Navy during battles at Mobile Bay and Charleston Harbor. The Confederacy also succeeded in using submarines to turn mines into offensive weapons. In 1864 the H.L. Hunley destroyed the Union sloop-of-war Housatonic after ramming it with a pole-mounted torpedo, becoming the first combat submarine to successfully sink an enemy ship.
6. Calcium floodlights
During an 1863 operation to retake Charleston Harbor, General Quincy Adams Gillmore laid siege to the Confederate stronghold at Fort Wagner. Gillmore's Union guns bombarded the fort day and night with the help of a strange invention: the calcium light. Better known as “limelights,” these chemical lamps used superheated balls of lime, or calcium oxide, to create an incandescent glow. The lights had been used in lighthouses and theaters since the 1830s, but Gillmore's engineers were the first to adapt them for combat. By shining calcium lights on Fort Wagner, Union forces were able to illuminate their artillery target while simultaneously blinding Confederate gunners and riflemen.
Also called “Drummond lights,” these calcium floodlights were later used as searchlights to spot Confederate warships and blockade runners. In early 1865, a Union light even helped detect a Confederate ironclad fleet as it tried to move along the James River under cover of darkness. A Southern officer later noted that a planned sneak attack was made impossible in part because of the Union's “powerful calcium light.”
7. Hot air balloons
Because they allowed generals to get an aerial view of the battlefield, Civil War balloons were primarily used in a reconnaissance capacity. The Union even had an official Balloon Corps headed by “Chief Aeronaut” Thaddeus Lowe. Under their direction, balloons were launched for scouting purposes at several famous engagements, including the First Battle of Bull Run and the Battles of Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville. In a balloon tethered to the ground with a telegraph line, Lowe was able to give real-time updates on troop movements, and once even directed Union artillery fire from the sky.
The Confederacy also tried their hand at military ballooning, although with considerably less success. The South lacked the resources to make good balloons, and their one operational airship—reportedly made from a colorful patchwork of silk—was captured after the tugboat carrying it ran aground on the James River.
8. Winans steam gun
The Civil War produced a number of experimental cannons, machine guns and rifles, but perhaps none was more unusual than the Winans steam gun. Built by Ohio inventors William Joslin and Charles Dickinson, this massive automatic weapon sat on an armored train carriage and used steam to fire projectiles—supposedly at a rate of 200 a minute.
Newspapers hailed the mysterious gun as a super weapon, but it was never actually used in combat. When Dickinson headed for Harper's Ferry in May 1861—most likely to sell the gun to the Confederacy—Union forces intercepted them and confiscated their invention. The steam gun was later transferred to Fortress Monroe in Virginia before being sent to Massachusetts, where it was eventually scrapped. The Union Army never attempted to deploy the contraption in the field, which suggests the steam gun probably failed to live up to its deadly reputation.
When I came back to the table Paul had opened their laptop and pulled out their written notes – a couple of pages of printed A4. The laptop screen showed a multi-tabbed spreadsheet and I could see 155 rows. As they set out the agenda for the meeting I was glad I had brought my notebook. It had felt faintly ridiculous, like I was pretending to be a proper journalist, but I was a mere blogger someone I've spoken to many times at the events I organise in Southwark. I was prepared for a beer and a chat, not a briefing.
Paul and I share a common goal: we want to replace a cold destructive atomising system with warmer, more open and more prosperous minarchy. We want to see a country – Britain – shift decidedly in a libertarian direction before we are dead and unable to enjoy it. Paul, at 35, is a couple of years ahead of me on that score, though they seem older, and they have chosen a different route to change. For me, having learned about these amazing ideas, the imperative is to tell the world about them. I tend to assume that if people know the same things as me, then they will do the same things and want the same political policies, so I think about education and the national debate. Paul has a more direct approach: they want to be one of the elite 650 people that get to make policy in this country. They seem to neglect education a little but wants to take their principles to Parliament and enact them there, where it matters. Trying to persuade the country a person at a time is not for him. They say political tribes are no longer defined by ideological labels but by clusters of policies on the issues of the day.
Of course, this does mean that for libertarians who seek to educate and inform Paul has little to offer. They say optimistically that “you don't know what comes of things” and points me towards the fact that MPs seem to get privileged access to the media – a megaphone capable of reaching the whole nation. And this is true; the opinion of the local MP does get a certain amount of automatic respect, exactly because they have their hands on the policy levers.
The notebook I grabbed was a squared paper exercise book appropriate for an engineering student. Neither student nor engineer, we used our smart phones and dove into detail, calculating the extent of the subsidy the Royal Mail offers to Westminster candidates. Seventy thousand stamps are costing Paul, or UKIP, the five hundred pound deposit. I'm not sure why business people aren't standing as MPs and using this subsidy to send advertisements. Paul is not going to waste it. Right at the outset they had told me about their simple, but well organised plan for the mailshot. Canvas the households first, prepare three or four tailored messages and do a mail merge to get their leaflets to the correct addresses; a simple clean and professional plan. Paul Tew is a VBA and SQL programmer (Microsoft Office macros are their play ground), they know how they can handle a mailshot single handed and has already cleansed their unedited dump of the Electoral Register database. They have the skills to do this right.
Where Paul does not have the skills, they still know what to do. Their plan included training for themselves and reminders to chase up people on the UKIP forum who would act as election agent and graphic designer. He's set their budget and has begun thinking about where the money is coming from and how it needs to be handled. I'm persuaded he'll get the money in; much of it is his. They know what publications to talk to and where to get the map from for the wall of their office. All these little details make the plan seem solid, serious and real. It is quite a contrast to the other libertarian candidacies I have followed, the ones that were cancelled before they started, where support was asked for without saying what support was needed. Paul feels a sense of responsibility, in part because they are representing UKIP, to handle their campaign properly and to deliver the party line. From that responsibility comes a level of enthusiasm which has them pushing harder than some parts of UKIP. Paul is the mainstay of their own campaign, and if they get the support they need from head office, and from their fellow travellers, then it seems likely they will deliver a solid performance for UKIP.
The last problem they face is, not surprisingly for a popularity contest, the possibility of rejection. They may be a bit too liberal for a normal UKIP voter in Conservative Beckenham; and UKIP may be too conservative for them to appeal to libertarian activists that might otherwise help them win. Paul, a New Zealander, believes controlled immigration is the right policy for the UK: “the mixed economy creates the need to control immigration”. They note that many UKIP policies still seek to do the impossible – central management of the economy – but are at least a bit more “common sense” than the coalition's policies.  They are opposed to Gay Marriage, but only because they believe that state licenced romance is a bad kind of romance to be left with, and they do not want to see homosexuals brought into that officious scheme as well – I agree, better we all get out of it.
Paul's simple organised bid has better odds than prior Westminster bids of the LPUK era, and I am sure he'll do correspondingly better. If they get into power they will be another MP driven by sound principles to office in an unsound institution – like Douglas Carswell, Dan Hannan or Steve Baker. While many will reject their association with UKIP, I don't think having another MP like them is such a bad idea.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Print
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Just as election data suggests a surge of Latino voters in the U.S. is backing the Democratic Party, a recent Canadian government study shows it was a wave of minority support that helped sweep country's anti-Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau, to power a year ago.
A full picture of the victory for Trudeau — young, avowed feminist, pro-trade, pro-immigration — emerged only in October as a study of voter turnout by Statistics Canada found voting rates spiked in particular among Canada's indigenous peoples, recent immigrants, and millennials.
Those groups underpinned a coalition that swept Trudeau, 44, and their Liberal Party from third place to first in the 2015 election, ending nine years of Conservative rule. While Trudeau was Canada's de facto "change" candidate, a mantle the Republican Trump has laid claim to, they were essentially propelled to office by a base that looks a lot like that of Democrat Hillary Clinton.
In the U.S., "you have these two key drivers. You have age, and you have minority voters, and these have the potential to be very volatile voting blocs for the Clinton campaign," said Shachi Kurl, executive director of the Angus Reid Institute, a non-partisan polling agency in Vancouver. "Turnout is going to obviously be a huge factor."
The North American neighbors have stark demographic differences — for example, about one in five Canadians are foreign-born, the highest rate in the Group of Seven countries, and Trudeau campaigned on increasing intake of Syrian refugees. Canada's example may still be a warning sign for Trump, 70, who trails Clinton among non-white voters and has vowed to suspend the Syrian refugee program in the U.S. Clinton's campaign has particularly targeted the Latino vote, a key bloc in states including Florida, Arizona and Nevada, and early voting returns suggest it's having success.
Clinton, 69, is backed by 66 percent of Hispanic voters, 86 percent of African-American voters, and 64 percent of all other non-white voters, Angus Reid found in a poll published Nov. 4. They lead among voters 54 and younger, while Trump leads among those 55 and older and among whites. Overall, the poll showed Clinton up by four points. The final Bloomberg Politics national poll before Tuesday's election showed similar results.
The Statistics Canada study published Oct. 12 found Canada's voting rates among recent immigrants rose by 14 percentage points while indigenous voter turnout rose 15 points compared with 2011, catapulting groups with traditionally low turnout into more traditional ranges. The study used Labor Force Survey data for the first time to provide a more detailed breakdown. Earlier Elections Canada data had shown a spike in overall and youth turnout, while offering a cursory look at ethnicity.
In particular, voting rates spiked for recent immigrants from Africa, the Middle East and west-central Asia. Those are regions from which Canada's immigrants are roughly 40 percent Muslim, according to other government data. Canada's election campaign saw only a flicker of the racial division seen in the U.S. race, though it was also aimed at Muslims, a group Trump has threatened to block from immigrating.
With just over two weeks to go in the race, though, Canada's incumbent Conservatives proposed establishing a "barbaric cultural practices" tip-line. Polls showed that was key to sealing the Conservative defeat and buoying Trudeau.
Overall turnout in Canada of recent immigrants rose by 14 points, to 70 percent in 2015 from 56 percent in 2011. That compares with an increase of 15 points for indigenous Canadians, 7 points for Canadian-born people who are not indigenous, and 6 points overall for all immigrants (recent and established), the Statistics Canada data found.
The voter rate among established immigrants increased less than that of recent immigrants, largely because the former group already participated at a higher rate. The voting rates for both groups started to converge, at 76 percent for established immigrants and 70 percent for recent immigrants.
The data comes with a caveat — it's based on responses, and therefore would capture people who merely said they voted, regardless of whether or not they did. Study co-author Sharanjit Uppal said the rate at which respondents would lie about voting is assumed to be similar across ethnic groups. The results also mirror Elections Canada data that showed overall turnout was 68.3 percent in 2015, up from 61.1 percent in the previous election.
"We are pretty confident in the data and the results," Uppal said. Before it, "we had no basis to believe where the turnout rates increased the most."
Trudeau, whose popularity soared after their victory, has mostly avoided commenting on Trump, although their centrist Liberals have longstanding ties to the Democratic Party. Trudeau has said repeatedly that he'll work with whomever is elected. Trump has pitched a brand of protectionism, including reopening the North American Free Trade Agreement, that would have a strong impact on a Canadian economy heavily reliant on exports to the U.S., its largest trading partner.
Canadian politicians make a point of courting immigrant voting blocs far more than their counterparts in the U.S., Kurl said. "They haven't really figured out marginal minority politics in the way Canadians have," they said in a telephone interview. "The parties in Canada at least pay lip service to, or really do double down on, courting and franchising the minority vote."
Other Angus Reid polling found Trudeau won the overall immigrant vote due to a substantial lead among recent immigrants. The agency also found that its polling category of "other" religions — including Muslim, Hindu, Jewish, Sikh and Buddhist voters — skewed heavily for Trudeau.
The dollar is crumpling under pressure, and there doesn't appear to be much to stop it.
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi was the latest catalyst, sending the euro higher with comments that the ECB would discuss when to start paring back its bond purchases in the fall.
While some viewed the central bank president as a bit vague, their words still drove the euro to a near two-year high against the dollar.
"I think this [move] is three-quarters to maybe a bit more Draghi and the market assuming, despite the exact words Draghi used, that there still is a tapering decision coming in September," said Marc Chandler, head of fixed income strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
The euro traded through $1.1615, last year's high, to about $1.163, a gain of 1.1 percent on the day. Chandler said there were strong options buying, pointing to market expectations of a much stronger euro at $1.20. The dollar index fell to an 11-month low and was at 94.27 in late trading, a decline of 1.5 percent in the last week.
The greenback is now down 10 percent this year against the euro.
The dollar's decline Thursday is a continuation of a weakening that started last week after Fed Chair Janet Yellen voiced concerns about low inflation and talked about a lower than historic neutral rate. That drove down the dollar, and bond yields moved lower, as expectations for another Fed interest-rate hike this year faded.
In addition, the investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia took a new twist last week when emails provided by Donald Trump Jr. showed that they were informed of Russian government support for their father's campaign.
Since then, the Senate has also failed to push through a new health-care bill and the efforts continue to look tenuous. Regardless, House Speaker Paul Ryan Thursday said that the intention is that tax reform will be pushed ahead. If that's the case, it would be expected to be dollar positive.
The dollar's latest move down was a quick reversal of a breakout that was underway early last week. Draghi in late June started a sell-off in global bonds and a bounce in the dollar with hawkish comments about a euro zone recovery.
Other central bankers also sounded hawkish, and a major shift was underway in yields and currencies, with markets believing the Fed would lead the way. But that reversed with Yellen's comments and a batch of weak inflation and retail sales data in the U.S. last week.
Robert Sinche, chief global strategist at Amherst Pierpont, said the dollar got another kick lower Thursday on news reports that special counsel Robert Mueller expanded their Russia probe to Trump's businesses.
"That signaled to people [that] there's nothing happening in the U.S. anytime soon, and they took it out on the dollar," said Sinche. There has been concern that the Russian probe would be a distraction from efforts to push through President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies, such as tax reform.
"There's no resistance to a lower dollar," Chandler said. Just last week, Chandler and others had believed the dollar could finally be getting ready to move higher, as sovereign yields rose on the view that global central banks were getting ready to tighten.
But the Fed's comments discouraged that view, and the Fed is being written off as a non-factor even as it is set to meet next week.
"Next week's FOMC meeting is largely a nonevent. It's all building up for September for the ECB and September for the Fed," Chandler said. In September, the Fed is expected to announce that it will begin paring back on its bond-buying program. Even though it ended quantitative easing long ago, one vestige of the program continues, as the Fed replaces the mortgage and Treasury securities it holds on its $4.5 trillion balance sheet, as they expire.
"It's not so much the stuff in the U.S. is bad, it's just that nothing good is coming from it," said Chandler.
From the outset, the PlayStation 3 has billed itself as more than just another game console. And this machine lives up to its promise: It's one of the most capable Blu-ray Disc players available today. The 40GB PS3 ($400, as of 4/24/08) has built-in gigabit ethernet and is one of the few Blu-ray players that supports BD-Live (Profile 2.0) content that can be delivered via the Internet. It also supports Blu-ray BonusView, for playing back picture-in-picture content.
The PS3's movie playback experience is best if you start from scratch, inserting a disc into the front-loading slot as soon as you power up the unit. It took just 3 seconds for a test disc to physically load into the unit itself, followed almost immediately by the PlayStation 3 startup music. The screen then blacked out, and the movie came up. Total elapsed time from disc insertion to the start of the film: a respectable 24 seconds.
The PS3 doesn't come with a separate remote control for video playback, so I had to use the game controller to navigate through movies, and that required two hands. (Sony does sell a dedicated remote control, for an extra $25; with this remote, the Blu-ray playback experience should be exponentially smoother.)
You'll want to buy the remote: Using two hands to control basic functions like play, fast forward, and rewind was both ungainly and imprecise; I missed not having dedicated buttons for such common features.
To navigate up, down, left, or right within the disc menus, you can use either the PS3 controller's directional pad or the left analog stick controller. You press X to select options and to activate play. The O button lets you exit the Blu-ray player, the square button brings up the disc's pop-up menu, and the triangle button gives you a handy, transparent-overlay on-screen menu that pops up on the left side of the screen. This menu provides quick access to certain settings, and awkward access to dedicated, software-based playback controls (buttons for fast-forward, rewind, play, and stop, for example)--which you need, since the game controller lacks such dedicated controls.
Trying to perform certain operations, such as precise fast-forwarding, was particularly frustrating. The fast-forward steps ahead at 1.5X, 10X, 30X, and 120X, and you must press the X button to cease moving forward. Stepping forward frame by frame is even more awkward: No option clearly exists for this, but you can press the controller's X button to pause playback and then use the analog stick or the right and left arrows on the directional pad to advance a frame at a time.
Unfortunately, you'll have to experiment to figure all this out: The manual included with PC World' s PlayStation 3 test unit provided no clues on how to use the controller's buttons for movie navigation. I had to dope out the responses via trial and error, and frequently found several paths to the same operation. This could be either confusing or convenient, depending on your perspective and on how comfortable you are using the controller to navigate the interface.
I found the pop-up info display elegantly designed--unobtrusive, yet easily readable. (The easiest path to this display: Press the Select button in the middle of the controller.) It's a good thing that the display is a pleasure to read, because you'll be invoking it a lot: The pop-up is the only way to figure out where you are in the disc, since the PlayStation 3 console lacks an LCD screen such as those commonly found on DVD and dedicated Blu-ray Disc players.
In the PC World Test Center's jury evaluation, the PlayStation 3's video quality proved to be average. On its own, it looked good, but compared with our top Blu-ray Disc models, such asthe Philips BDP7200/37, the PS3's video seemed to lack contrast, detail, and dimensional depth.
Nevertheless, the PS3 remains quite a deal if you want to play high-def Blu-ray movies and aren't wedded to getting a stand-alone home-theater-style device. Even factoring in the cost of the remote, you're getting a versatile, reasonably priced Blu-ray Disc player that can handle all of the latest BonusView and BD-Live content. Plus, you could use the machine to play games, browse pictures, and surf the Web, too.
NEW DELHI: India, Brazil, China and South Africa today opposed any restrictions on participation of Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G-20 summit in Australia later this year in the wake of Russia annexing Crimea from Ukraine.The BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) countries expressed concern over Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop's comment that Putin could be barred from attending the G 20 Summits in November."The Ministers noted with concern the recent media statement on the forthcoming G20 Summit to be held in Brisbane in November 2014. The custodianship of the G20 belongs to all member-states equally and no one member-state can unilaterally determine its nature and character," the BRICS said in a statement.The Ministers of BRICS countries met on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague, Netherlands.External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid represented India. Foreign Ministers of China Wang Yi and their Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov were also present.After Russia took over Crimea from Ukraine, Bishop had said Putin could be banned from travelling to Australia for the G20 summit while supporting the stand of EU and the US in attacking Russia on the issue.US President Barack Obama has already vowed to punish Moscow for annexing Crimea.India has already made it clear that it will not support any "unilateral measures" against Russian government.The ministers of BRICS countries reflected on challenges to peace and security, notably the "significant infringements" of privacy and related rights in the wake of cyber threats.
Posted 11 September 2014 - 01:18 PM
EDIT: Headings to make it easier to read
Hello,
This is going to be rather long, so first let me introduce myself so you know where I'm coming from. I'm a life-long fan of Battletech. I'm 27 years old, and I've been a fan ever since my father brought home a pirated copy of The Battletech Compendium for me to play, 22 years ago. I was introduced to Battletech before I was introduced to Star Trek and Star Wars. It is THE deep-universe scifi experience which has interested me throughout my life.
As far as MWO is concerned, I started playing when I found out about it in December of 2012, near the beginning of Open Beta. The newest 'mech at the time was the Trebuchet, and it was several weeks before the second LRMageddon (the splash damage induced one, not the Artemis tracking one), if that puts some context on exactly when I joined. Since that time, I've purchased the Overlord phoenix package, the Sabre package and the Masakari package. I own approximately 140 'mechs and I play each and every one of them. Okay, that's a lie. I haven't touched my SDR-5V in quite a while because that thing is horrible, but that's beside the point. I am what you might call a "whale" in this game.
I've gotten to that point through my professional life, where I am in a customer-facing role, fulfilling service obligations and other customer support needs for 6-figure service contracts on 7-and-8-figure machines. I understand a thing or two about the challenges inherent to maintaining and improving a product that the customer is actively using, and explaining the processes involved to customers with varying degrees of technical proficiency with the product's backend.
As such, I understand that the players and the devs should - and I believe do - share a common goal in MWO. This goal is simple, for MWO to deliver the most richly rewarding gameplay experience to lovers of battletech and newcomers alike. The primary benefit to the players in achieving this goal is that we have more fun. The primary benefit to PGI in achieving this goal is that the players become an asset in the form of crowdsourced creative and technical expertise, and - as a fringe benefit - are more willing to spend a few more dollars, and bring a few friends into the game that they love. It is mutually beneficial to everyone involved that both sides get this right.
I'll be offering a few suggestions for process improvements on both sides of the aisle, and highlighting some past behavior from both sides that was beyond the pale, to serve as cautionary tales going forward.
Communication:
First, I turn to the devs. If you take absolutely nothing else from this, remember this one thing: You MUST communicate more effectively. I understand that a sizable portion of the community is combative. I understand that development work is nebulous and often difficult to explain. The vast majority of us are adults here, however, and you shouldn't be afraid of talking over our heads. Even if only a handful of people understand what you say, that has a ripple effect on the community.
Decentralize your spokespersonship. Having a community manager is great and all, and most people I've spoken to agree that Niko is an improvement upon their predecessor, but do not let the communication end there. We don't need massive posts to be the main form of communication. They're nice, but they should be reserved for high-level changes. Communications from Karl Berg and Matthew Craig, discussing matters in which they are the subject-matter experts, go a long way toward making the community understand what you're going through. Make it granular, make it frequent, and make it technical. In fact, it would even be nice if each department within PGI got its own communication channel within the forums, so that those of us interested in art can see what the art team is working on. Those of us interested in design can see what the design team is working on. Those of us interested in engineering can see what technical tasks are being handled.
Whenever there is a problem, make sure that you communicate 3 main points:
1) The nature of the problem.
2) The cause of the problem as you understand it.
3) What steps you're taking to fix the problem. Again, don't be afraid of specificity or technical speech.
Also, focus your communications avenues. Russ's Twitter feed is nice, but it should not be a main source of information. Reddit is nice for discussion, but again should not be the go-to for people who want dev posts. The forums are the place where new players look for information regarding your game, and filling them with meaningful content is the best way to attract old players back into contributing rolls in the discussions here.
Make your communication visible. Not only should the forums be your primary source of outgoing communications, significant announcements (such as the CW Module 2 announcement) should be featured prominently on the front page. They should be equally visible to those things you can monetize. Currently, the front page just looks like a billboard for a hero 'mech dealer. It can and should be better used as a consolidated source of information dissemination on major events.
Development
As for the pace of development, we all understand that it's difficult. We also understand that it's what we're paying you for. You should understand this too, and never lose sight of it. This is especially important and especially true now that you are self-published. You answer only to us now. We pull the purse strings directly.
2014 has been a much better year in this regard than 2013 was. With new features being announced every 3-4 months, and those features actually being delivered on time, the pace of development can no longer be called glacial. Unfortunately, 2013 dug you a significant hole in this regard, and not only does the community see you as being behind schedule, they also will need significant convincing that the new pace will be kept.
Major new features aren't the only development tasks that are important to us, however. The gameplay balance constantly changes as time goes on. We, as a community, are adept at finding small differences in weapons and equipment and modifying out play to magnify their effect until the game is no longer balanced. This is our job. Your job is to occasionally review the gameplay balance, and make subtle changes when you feel they are necessary.
Set a schedule for periodic review and make sure that the community is aware of it and that it is strictly adhered to. Publish the findings of the review immediately upon its completion. Tell us which weapons are overperforming and underperforming according to your metrics, and in which elo ranges they are a problem. Then take some time to formulate a plan and test it internally. Release the changes on the test server and pay attention to the results. Then release a balance pass. Having a set balance pass process will stop the nerfs and buffs from feeling arbitrary, as they have in the past. Major sources of contention have been both changes that don't go far enough - ie the year of the PPC - and changes that go too far or aren't adequately explained - ie AC/2 "normalization" when it was already underperforming in high level play.
Feedback
Lastly, listen to feedback and make sure that we know when our suggestions are being implemented. If the technical communication is more granular, this provides great opportunity for direct, rapid acknowledgement that you hear us. If a problem is brought to your attention by the community, give us a "shout out" in the post of whichever staff member is responsible for fixing it. Something along the lines of "We've seen that the AC/2 is underperforming. We noticed this after it was pointed out by user x, user y and several others. We're adding it to our next balance pass, where we will test the changes proposed by user a, user b, and user c. We will decide from there which path to take." This will guarantee that we never feel like our speeches fall upon deaf ears.
Players
As for the players, we are not completely innocent here either. We often grumble amongst ourselves that something is wrong, and don't try to suggest ways that PGI can improve. When these suggestions are made, they are often made in a hostile manner. This makes the devs feel as though they're on the defensive from the start, and makes them less receptive to hearing what we have to say.
This is not only true in MWO's case, this applies to the entire industry... and even the greater entertainment industry. A major reason that gaming is not taken seriously by many as a creative art is that the fan base is seen as childish. Speak dispassionately when offering feedback. I understand that emotions run high, particularly when dealing with an IP that you love, but try to lay out the specific problem, your specific suggestion, and the goal that can be achieved if they listen to you. In short, we need to do our part to foster a healthy relationship between developers and players, and between gamers and the rest of the entertainment industry.
Devs
There has certainly been no shortage of unacceptable behavior on both sides of the MWO spectrum. PGI has, on multiple occasions, given specific dates for content releases and then failed to meet them without sufficient explanation as to why. This cannot be done anymore. If you're going to miss a deadline, tell us as soon as you know that you won't make it. Then tell us what specific problem is standing in your way, and what specific steps are being taken to get you back on track. Once again, don't be afraid of technical jargon. If there is an engineering hurdle blocking a creative release, tell us that and then turn it over to Karl, Matthew, et al to explain in detail what the problem is. We, as a community, enjoy details. You will never alienate us by giving more details.
On the public relations front, there have been unacceptable actions on both the small and large scale. We know that the islanders make an easy target for mockery if you're on the other side of the aisle, but PGI representatives should never engage in this sort of behavior. Ever. It doesn't matter who they are or what they've done, you are representatives of the company, and mocking a player - even one who has been as public in their opposition as Victor Morson - is not an activity that you should ever partake in.
Also, the timing of major announcements has often been quite tone-deaf. The latest and most spectacular of these is the rollout of Transverse. It's a project that I'm excited about, and I really want to have the chance to play that game, but announcing it when you did play no favors either for MWO or for Transverse. Seriously, guys... please consider hiring a PR consultant to look over the optics of any major announcement in the future. Hell, even having a cadre of players who sign non-disclosure agreements to act as a focus group for major impending announcements will be immensely beneficial to your bottom line. In the end, you need players to support your company. You cannot afford to have Public Relations be an afterthought any longer.
Players
As for the players, there has been unacceptable behavior on our end too. Spamming the forums of PGI's other title with criticism of this one is not OK. Taking to Twitter to harass that game's backers for spending their money some place you disagree with is beyond unacceptable, it's disgusting (link). It's precisely the sort of behavior that discourages people from making games, and keeps gaming as a whole from being a respected medium. If you see anyone engaging in this sort of behavior, call them out on it. Don't be afraid of being called a white knight. This behavior only continues because good people say nothing.
In conclusion, there are massive improvements to be made by both PGI and the players. If we can make those improvements, however, I think it's possible that we can build a relationship that is mutually beneficial. The players will receive a better game, and the developers will receive more players. It will only work, though, if we stop this stalemate. PGI, don't wait for the community to clean up its act before you make process improvements. Implement them now. The players, likewise, can't wait for PGI to make the improvements. We need to start policing out own. Once we start seeing success on both sides, those independent successes will feed upon one another and make everyone feel much better about the state of this game.Sincerely,StillRadioactiveP.S.: I'm considering making a regular thread where I compile the best suggestions for changes to the game, give credit to the originators of those ideas, and state them in a manner which clearly explains the benefit of each prospective change to both the players and PGI. Everything from price restructuring to gameplay balance to upcoming 'mechs. I'll only do this if I know that it's something the community is OK with (I'll never try to pass the ideas of others off as my own) and that PGI will listen. I need the green light from both sides.
Edited by StillRadioactive, 11 September 2014 - 01:31 PM.
Requiem for an Analogy
Sam Dunn Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 8, 2017
I don't remember when I started listening to the TrueHoop podcast. I recall that it wasn't so long before the time WaPo's Tim Bontemps fell asleep on-air while dreams of sugarplums clickityclacked in their head.
What I do remember is how voracious consumption of the pod — at REGULAR SPEED, mind you — quickly became a matter of routine for me, a half-assed (two-thirds-assed?) New York sportswriter who works from home all by their lonesome and needs to hear voices chattering about either sports or that tits and dragons show all day long in order to stay focused, and sane besides.
I cover soccer for SB Nation and it's plenty of fun, but I'm truly an Incurable, Hopeless Basketball Guy. I really had thought for months about writing a long-form profile of the uncommon cultural value I found in the interstitial spaces of the TrueHoop pod between the hoops news and analysis, particularly its engagements with race in America. I began putting together notes.
And then ESPN had its Red Wedding, and suddenly everything sucked ass.
It was in April that the Worldwide Leader up and gave the boot to Henry Abbott, the Pope of TrueHoop, along with cohorts David Thorpe, Justin Verrier, Marc Stein, Prim Siripipat, and Ethan Strauss. I assumed that the whole thing was over.
I mean, there's no TrueHoop pod without fucking TrueHoop.
And there's no TrueHoop without fucking Henry.
But while the corporate culling signaled a kind of death knell for this curious little brand, the podcast that bore its name would live on, mostly because of Jade Hoye.
Jade is a video producer. That's what the internet says, anyway. But their with-tongue embrace of what the TrueHoop pod stood for eventually led, after a very brief hiatus, to TBA — The Basketball Analogy — a new brand that kept most of the old TrueHoop pod intact, including the hip hop and hair care-heavy Black Opinions Matter Mondays, the extremely white but equally entertaining Tuesday show, Kevin Arnovitz's intimate interview episodes so often awash in foodie porn, and the occasionally two-hours-long Friday mailbag pods. While the team that made the shit pop was large, it all came back to Jade.
I needed this damn thing to get through the day. ANY day. Is that pathetic? Whatever. Shut up. I like listening to folks chatting about basketball.
And do-rags.
And then there was the time they brought on Freddie Prinze, Jr., and spent two and a half hours dissecting Rogue One right down to the most nerdgasmic details.
The pod's freewheeling meditations on race, both on Black Opinions Matter Mondays and the Asian-American-centric weekend episodes known as “Fresh Off the Bench,” always got me the most. After all, race is everything, all the time, period. But generally, TrueHoop and TBA constituted an impressively nuanced morass of cultural criticism and sociological insights that resonated no matter where the topic turned or who was on the panel that day.
Again, that's all Jade. He's the Podfather.
From the intimidatingly brilliant Kaileigh Brandt's extended riffs on the hard sciences to Marianno Bivins' little known (and totally made-up) Monta Ellis facts to Tim MacMahon's glorious frenemy relationships with Bontemps and Strauss and actually kinda everybody else, the pod was always much more than basketball. And yet, it was also a reliable place that you could turn to for impressively deep dives into NBA salary cap exceptions, utterly sane breakdowns of coaching carousels or the summertime free agency circus, and debates over the flaws within Defensive Real Plus-Minus, which I assure you is a thing that exists.
Jade Hoye was the sun at the center of the TrueHoop/TBA solar system, and they have officially left ESPN. Last Friday was their final day. Their time producing podcasts can't possibly be over — on the most basic level, there's a legion of possibly-fucking-insane devotees who will never let that happen, including their own mother, Valerie, a respected television critic and frequent pod guest.
But for now, unless they want me to totally slip into their DMs RIGHT THIS MINUTE(@RealFakeSamDunn, holler at me) and recruit them to help execute my plan for a New York City-based pod network called “Any Given Subway,” fans like us will have to figure out how to get through the work day without TBA or its eventual spiritual successor for a while. No matter how long that ends up being, it's gonna feel like shit. What the hell am I supposed to do in the meantime? Listen to those freakin' fratboys on Pardon My Take?
The fact is that I don't know what to do at the moment. But I may manage a smile over the fact that the pod died once only to rise up again, just like Shaun Livingston.
And while James Bond and Freddie Gibbs might insist that you can only live twice, Jade Hoye sure did sound like they have a lot of life left in them on Friday's goodbye pod.
After all, they can't die yet. They just can't — not until they watch Paid in Full.
Sidonglobophobia is the fear of cotton balls. It is also called Bambakophobia where Bambaki stands for cotton in Greek while phobos means deep dread or fear.
‘Normal' people might laugh at those who are afraid of cotton balls. However for a Sidonglobophobic individual, this phobia can actually ruin one's life. People afraid of cotton balls simply cannot open their own mail, medicine bottles or even use a Q-tip. They tend to start crying or experience a full blown panic attack at the sight or image of cotton balls. Many are afraid of the sound made by cotton or plastic foams that are used for wrapping delicate or fragile items. Sidonglobophobia is a sensory phobia affecting a handful of people around the world. It is believed that Michael Jackson had suffered from Sidonglobophobia.
Let us study Sidonglobophobia or the fear of cotton balls in detail.
Causes of fear of cotton balls
Most sufferers of Sidonglobophobia have been afraid of cotton balls or plastic foams for as long as they can remember. However, experts agree that, like other phobias, this fear mostly develops in the childhood owing to some negative or traumatic experience that is remotely connected to cotton balls.
Cotton balls often resemble eggs of creatures like lizards, cockroaches and other creepy crawlers such as snakes etc. To a child's imaginative mind, they might indicate impending danger. Their mind then recalls this fear response each time they encounter cotton balls, plastic foams or other stressful situations.
Loading How afraid are you? Thank you for voting You have already voted on this poll! Please select an option! Not afraid at all
A little afraid
Somewhat afraid
Very afraid
For unknown reasons, the fear of cotton balls is prevalent in the islands of the South pacific where many natives are known to suffer from it. Thanks to globalization, cotton balls have reached in many remote places through packaged deliveries of popular American products.
It is not known which, but certain part of the brain might be responsible for the phobia.
Symptoms of Sidonglobophobia
As in case of other sensory phobias, the fear of cotton balls also produces a plethora of physical and mental symptoms.
Loading How old are you? Thank you for voting You have already voted on this poll! Please select an option! Below 18
18-34
35-49
50-64
Above 65
Physical symptoms include:
Crying, screaming hysterically, trying to flee from the place
Refusal to open medicine bottles, packaged mail or touch a Q-tip. Some even refuse to wear certain types of cotton clothes
Hyperventilating, breathing rapidly or having an elevated heart rate.
Getting nauseous
Goosebumps, disgust response
Full blown panic or anxiety attack
Mental symptoms include:
Thoughts of death or dying
Constant movie like images of cotton balls everywhere replay in the phobic's mind
Treating the fear of cotton balls phobia
Hypnotism is known to treat the fear of cotton balls. This therapy can get to the root of the phobia and helps the sufferer rationalize the fear.
Gradual exposure or desensitization therapy is also proven to help Sidonglobophobic individuals. However, this treatment should be carried out only under expert supervision and in gradual steps, which includes showing images of cotton balls or plastic foams to the phobic until they can progress to touching them without having a panic attack. Friends and family members must also be sensitive to the fear of the suffering individual. Phobias are serious and one should support the sufferers rather than laughing or teasing them about it.
Loading What is your gender? Thank you for voting You have already voted on this poll! Please select an option! Male
Female
Self help books, online support communities and forums, psychiatric help, meditation and positive visualization are some other forms of overcoming Sidonglobophobia. As a last resort, brain surgery or drugs and medication may be used to overcome the fear of cotton balls phobia.
Related Posts Fear of Pain Phobia - Agliophobia Agliophobia is the persistent, unwarranted and often irrational fear of pain. It is derived from…
Fear of Commitment Phobia - Gamophobia Gamophobia is the fear of commitment, though it can also be the excessive, persistent, uncontrollable…
Fear of Fear Phobia - Phobophobia President Roosevelt, in their famous inaugural speech, stated that “the only thing we need to…
By , 4
PORTLAND, Ore. — Cutting through the time consuming and often misleading comparisons of integrated circuits (ICs) such as microelectromechanical system (MEMS) microphones, is the charter of a startup company announcing itself for the first time in EE Times. Called General Purpose Input/Output (GPiO Inc., Santa Clara, Calif.) — a metaphor for the pin used to signal a multitude of conditions on many ICs — the company was founded by an audio engineer who got tired of having to test devices in order to see if they lived up to their specification (spec) sheet.
"As an audio systems engineer for 10 years, choosing ICs was always a huge pain point as an engineer who had to find and qualify components," chief executive officer (CEO) and co-founder (with Yaneeka Huq, product and software manager), Sagar Savant told EE Times. "I had to scan spec sheets, call vendors for samples, qualify the samples against my requirements and in many cases missed out on very good parts because the vendor wasn't in the right place at the right time."
Engineers can compare different aspects of chosen devices, here is the frequency response of three chosen microelectromechanical system (MEMS) microphones.
(Source: GPiO)
GPiO does all that ahead of time for engineers, and publishes the results free online in a format that allows the engineer to stipulate their required specifications, with a few clicks, and get a list of the pre-qualified parts as well as graphical comparisons of their performance.
Example page of how engineers can narrow down the possibilities by size, sensitivity, power consumption and more, here sorted by signal-to-noise ratio.
Other sites exist that aggregate the spec sheets of vendors, but GPiO claims to be the only service that under the exact same conditions does its own independent testing "as far as we know, and we've looked pretty hard," Savant told us.
And unlike many vendors, GPiO claims to be fully transparent about their procedures and test plan. To make a living, GPiO also offers contract services to help engineers streamline all the steps in the development stage — after they have chosen their parts.
GPiO's test set-up used for measuring the specifications of over 60 microelectromechanical system (MEMS) microphones.
(Source: GPiO)
As their first category, GPiO tested the specifications of over 60 MEMS microphones and in some cases found significant differences between their results and the spec sheets of the vendors. For instance, Knowles (the biggest MEMS mic vendor) model SPH0611LR5H-1 tested at 65.3 dB signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) whereas their spec sheet states a conservative 65dB. On the other hand, ST's MP33AB01H tested at 63.3 dB SNR whereas its spec sheet lists a generous 66dB.
"The advantage of our testing is that we use exactly the same method for each part, whereas vendors are free to use conservative or generous testing methods when making their data sheets," Savant told us.
Next in line for testing are battery management ICs, followed by battery charger ICs, power ICs, RF ICs and more.
"We are not going to do processors or other complex parts, but keep it to mainstream hardware components that engineers often have a wide variety from which to choose," Savant told us.
Seed funding for the startup came from Newfund Capital (San Francisco, California).
Comparing the frequency responses of 10 MEMS microphones chosen as finalists by the engineer using the GPiO free service.
(Source: GPiO)
You only need to sign up and choose a password to test out the free service.
— R. Colin Johnson, Advanced Technology Editor, EE Times
Related articles:
Join over 2,000 technical professionals and embedded systems hardware, software, and firmware developers at ESC Silicon Valley July 20-22, 2015 and learn about the latest techniques and tips for reducing time, cost, and complexity in the embedded development process.
Passes for the ESC Silicon Valley 2015 Technical Conference are available at the conference's official site with discounted advance pricing until July 17, 2015. The Embedded Systems Conference and EE Times are owned by UBM Canon.
Google will pay $500 million to settle federal government charges that it has knowingly shown illegal ads for fraudulent Canadian pharmacies in the United States, the Justice Department announced on Wednesday.
The federal investigation, which was first revealed in May, found that Google was aware that some Canadian pharmacies that advertised on its site failed to require a prescription for substances like the painkiller Oxycontin and the stimulant Ritalin. Google continued to accept their money and assisted the pharmacies in placing ads and improving their Web sites, according to the Justice Department.
Illegal online pharmacies have been a challenge for regulators, because the Internet makes it easy for them to operate under the radar and emerge under different names when they get shut down.
Search engines like Google Drive much of the traffic to these sites, say researchers who study online pharmacies. Web sites are liable for advertising that breaks federal criminal law.
Since 2009, when it became aware of the investigation, Google has taken significant steps to chase illegal pharmacies from its site.
“Google does have a responsibility in this regard,” said Susan E. Foster, director of policy research and analysis at Columbia University's National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse. “To the extent that they continue to allow ads for illegal pharmacies, they're aiding and abetting the problem and profiting from it as well.”
In a statement Wednesday, Google said that it banned advertising of prescription drugs in the United States by Canadian pharmacies “some time ago.” The statement continued, “However, it's obvious with hindsight that we shouldn't have allowed these ads on Google in the first place.”
In a statement issued by the Justice Department, James M. Cole, a deputy attorney general, said, “This settlement ensures that Google will reform its improper advertising practices with regard to these pharmacies while paying one of the largest financial forfeiture penalties in history.”
The $500 million fine covers both revenue that Google earned from the illegal advertisers and revenue that the rogue Canadian pharmacies received from American customers buying controlled drugs. Google had said in May that the fine decreased its quarterly profit by 22 percent.
Under the settlement, Google also acknowledged that it had improperly aided the rogue pharmacies, and it agreed to strict compliance measures.
The online ad business for health care and pharmaceutical companies is expected to be $1.6 billion this year, up 24 percent from $1.3 billion last year, according to eMarketer, a digital marketing research firm.
Google has been fighting rogue online pharmacies since 2003, and Sheryl Sandberg, former vice president for global online sales at Google and currently the chief operating officer at Facebook, testified before the Senate in 2004 that Google had the problem under control.
According to a former Google executive, who would speak only anonymously because the person was not authorized to discuss the business, said Google did not turn a blind eye to the pharmaceutical advertising, but rather played a game of Whac-A-Mole with the rogue pharmacies.
Over the last two years, Google has made changes to crack down on rogue pharmacy advertisers.
After Google became aware of the investigation, it has required that all Canadian pharmacy advertisers be certified by the Canadian International Pharmacy Association and has specified that they can advertise to Canadian customers only. American pharmacy advertisers must be certified by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy.
Google had previously relied on the private firms Square Trade and PharmacyChecker.com to certify pharmacy advertisers, but according to PharmacyChecker.com and the Justice Department, advertisers that never applied nonetheless appeared on Google.
Google has also always monitored ads shown for drug-related keywords, like “painkiller” or “Ritalin.” But Michael Zwibelman, litigation counsel for Google, has described its policing efforts as “an ongoing, escalating cat-and-mouse game.”
“As we and others build new safeguards and guidelines, rogue online pharmacies always try new tactics to get around those protections and illegally sell drugs on the Web,” Mr. Zwibelman wrote in a company blog post last year.
The investigation, which was led by officials from the United States attorney's office for the District of Rhode Island, headed by Peter Neronha, and the Food and Drug Administration's Office of Criminal Investigations, began during an unrelated financial fraud investigation, the Justice Department said.
The target of that inquiry fled to Mexico and began illegally advertising drugs through Google's Ads program. After they were apprehended, they began cooperating with the government, which created undercover Web sites to advertise the illegal sale of drugs on Google.
Eric Goldman, director of the High Tech Law Institute at Santa Clara University, said the settlement showed that the United States government was taking an increasingly active role in regulating the Web. “They're going out of their way to cut off these bad actors internationally and enlisting U.S. enterprises to help them in that fight,” they said.
The cockpit voice recorder, the flight data recorder and data from air traffic control all suggest that flight MH17 proceeded as normal until 13:20:03 (UTC), after which it ended abruptly. A full listening of the communications among the crew members in the cockpit recorded on the cockpit voice recorder revealed no signs of any technical faults or an emergency situation. Neither were any warning tones heard in the cockpit that might have pointed to technical problems. The flight data recorder registered no aircraft system warnings, and aircraft engine parameters were consistent with normal operation during the flight. The radio communications with Ukrainian air traffic control confirm that no emergency call was made by the cockpit crew. The final calls by Ukrainian air traffic control made between 13.20:00 and 13.22:02 (UTC) remained unanswered.
The pattern of wreckage on the ground suggests that the aircraft split into pieces during flight (an in-flight break up). Based on the available maintenance history the airplane was airworthy when it took off from Amsterdam and there were no known technical problems. The aircraft was manned by a qualified and experienced crew.
Pattern of damage
As yet it has not been possible to conduct a detailed study of the wreckage. However, the available images show that the pieces of wreckage were pierced in numerous places. The pattern of damage to the aircraft fuselage and the cockpit is consistent with that which may be expected from a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside. It's likely that this damage resulted in a loss of structural integrity of the aircraft, leading to an in-flight break up. This also explains the abrupt end to the data registration on the recorders, the simultaneous loss of contact with air traffic control and the aircraft's disappearance from radar.
Further investigation
In its preliminary report, the Safety Board presents the initial findings of an investigation that is still fully underway. More research will be necessary to determine more precisely what caused the crash and how the airplane disintegrated. The Board believes that additional evidence will become available in the period ahead. From this point on, the research team will start working towards producing the definitive investigation report. The Board aims to publish the report within one year of the date of the crash.
Procedure
The draft preliminary report has been sent to the Accredited Representative of the states that participate in the investigation (Malaysia, Ukraine, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom, the United States of America and Australia) for review. All Accredited Representatives have sent a reaction. The Dutch Safety Board assessed the provided suggestions and amended the report where appropriate.
Tjibbe Joustra, Chairman of the Dutch Safety Board:
“The MH17 crash has shocked the world and raised many questions. The Dutch Safety Board wishes to determine the cause of the crash, for the sake of the loved ones of the victims and for society at large.
The initial results of the investigation point towards an external cause of the MH17 crash. More research will be necessary to determine the cause with greater precision. The Safety Board believes that additional evidence will become available for investigation in the period ahead.
The preliminary report issues the first findings in a ongoing investigation. From this point on, the investigation team will be working towards producing its final report. The Board aims to publish this report within one year of the date of the crash.”
Read the preliminary report in English. Besides this report, a Dutch translation with erratum is available.
This book was listed as a reference which I found while researching Isabeau of Bavaria, Queen of King Charles VI of France. I happened to find a used copy of the book although it wasn't cheap. There is an interesting section on them in which they describe them as the “perfect wife”. I decided to read the whole book.
Published in 1992, this is one of the best books I've read recently. I love French history. What makes this book unique is it delves into the lives of the people of France, from royalty down to ordinary people. It's more of a social history. Most of the stories related deal with the nobility including the petty nobility. As it states on the book cover, “The vignettes, episodes in the lives of married couples, allow us to observe the vast panorama of life in medieval France and to explore the mores, attitudes, and concerns of the time.”
Sections of the book deal with the following topics: incest, choosing a mate, negotiating a marriage, weddings, elopements and abductions, mistresses and bastards, adultery, abuse, murdering a mate, the perfect husband and the perfect wife. Some of these tales are gruesome. In some of these instances, there were court cases brought to justice. This gives Famiglietti a chance to describe the workings of the justice system in medieval France. These stories definitely give us a glimpse of the status of women during this time period and it certainly isn't pretty.
I especially liked the description of a wedding in Bordeaux in 1460. One episode relates a ghastly tale of a wife being murdered by their husband. There's a long drawn out case of incest in the fourteenth century. There's a description of a marriage where the husband beat their wife and one where the wife was kept locked up in a tower. All of these are true tales which Famiglietti found in historical sources.
This book has a map of medieval France, an extensive bibliography, sixty-eight black and white plates depicting some of the characters in the stories along with extensive explanations for the illustrations. This book is well researched, well written and fascinating to read. Famiglietti also wrote a book about royal intrigue during the reign of King Charles VI. I'm looking for a copy of that one for a reasonable price.
According to Sense's README on github, Sense is: "A JSON aware developer's interface to Elasticsearch. Comes with handy machinery such as syntax highlighting, autocomplete, formatting and code folding."
Sense is a web application used to interact with Elasticsearch's REST API, and it makes interacting with the Elasticsearch API much easier. Sense has features such as a shorthand notation that makes writing queries for Elasticsearch much easier. It also has autocomplete built-in syntax validation and json collapsing that allow you to fold away parts of a JSON query when the query gets too big.
Sense is useful because you can have multiple queries typed out in Sense, but you can choose to only run one query at a time, as opposed to using curl on the command line where viewing your old queries isn't that simple especially if the queries are long. Developers like tools that make their job easier, and Sense is definitely a tool aimed at developers.
What are your alternatives to using Sense? You could use curl on the command line, your browser, or even a manual request editor such as Burp Suite or fiddler, but I would suggest using curl or Sense.
How to Install Sense?
Sense has gone through several phases in development, from being a for-purchase piece of software to where it is today an open-sourced Kibana plugin. You will need Kibana installed to be able to install Sense.
Navigate to where you installed Kibana, and find the script and run:
$ ./bin/kibana plugin --install elastic/sense
You also need to start Kibana in order to get Sense running:
$ ./bin/kibana
If you are on a network that only allows connections to the internet via an http proxy, then you will need to download the plugin manually and install it with kibana manually.
First download sense, make sure https_proxy is set:
$ echo $https_proxy http://172.20.1.12:8080 $ wget https://download.elasticsearch.org/elastic/sense/sense-latest.tar.gz
Now install it manually. In this example we downloaded the plugin to the /tmp directory
$ bin/kibana plugin -i sense -u file:///tmp/sense-latest.tar.gz
Accessing Sense on a Remote Server
Usually Sense only runs on localhost at: http://localhost:5601/app/sense. However, you can make it run on any IP. If you are running Elasticsearch on a public facing server, then you might only want to run it on localhost until you've locked down access to your machine.
You can still access the web application that is running on localhost on the remote server via your browser. You just have to SSH into the machine and request local forwarding. You can do so with:
$ ssh -f -N -L an unused port on your local pc:127.0.0.1:5601 [user]@[ip of your server] $ ssh -f -N -L 5601:127.0.0.1:5601 sysadmin@123.123.123.123
You can now access sense in your browser by navigating to:
http://localhost:5601/app/sense
What is the Elasticsearch REST API?
Almost all interaction with Elasticsearch happens via the Elasticsearch REST API. Even if you are making use of Kibana, you are indirectly interacting with the Elasticsearch REST API.
Sense Shorthand Notation
Before we get into the details of working with the REST full API, have a look at the shorthand notation that is used by sense. If you are used to working with Elasticsearch, then you might be familiar with using curl to interact with Elasticsearch's REST API.
To check if Elasticsearch is running healthy, run the following:
$ curl 'http://localhost:9200?pretty=true' { "name": "Asmodeus", "cluster_name": "elasticsearch", "version": { "number": "2.3.1", "build_hash": "bd980929010aef404e7cb0843e61d0665269fc39", "build_timestamp": "2016-04-04T12:25:05Z", "build_snapshot": false, "lucene_version": "5.5.0" }, "tagline": "You Know, for Search" }
Add this to your copy/paste buffer, then click on the Sense UI on the left where user input is accepted. If you click paste, then it shows the shorthand notation of the above curl command.
The equivalent shorthand notation for this in Sense is:
GET /
HTTP Verbs and Meaning
Make yourself familiar with all the different HTTP verbs and what they are used for. It is also a good idea to make yourself familiar with curl and advanced curl usage such as loading JSON from a file and then sending the JSON from file in a request.
It is worth it to read more about the different HTTP verbs available, in the context of Elasticsearch the following HTTP verbs are used: PUT , DELETE , POST and GET . PUT is mostly used to create or update indices, where DELETE is used to DELETE. The difference between POST and GET in the context of Elasticsearch is not always so obvious.
Something Useful with Sense
Let's start out by creating an index.
PUT /random_index?pretty=true { "acknowledged": true }
Elasticsearch accepts the optional argument ?pretty with the optional value of true . Pretty defaults to true, so the output of passing the argument without the true value will give the same output.
PUT /random_index?pretty
If you ran this command again, it would give you an error because you can't create the same index twice. So let's delete the index so we can create it again.
DELETE /random_index?pretty { "acknowledged": true }
This gives the output which is now beautified, because of the pretty argument:
{ "acknowledged": true }
Now we create the index again with:
PUT /random_index?pretty { "acknowledged": true }
Now let's index some actual data. American politics interests me, so let's use election candidates as our example data.
PUT /candidate_index/candidate/1?pretty=true { "name" : "Donald John Trump", "affiliation" : "Republican", "age" : "69", "occupation" : "business person", "twitter" : "https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump", "website" : "http://www.donaldjtrump.com" } { "_index": "candidate_index", "_type": "candidate", "_id": "1", "_version": 1, "_shards": { "total": 2, "successful": 1, "failed": 0 }, "created": true }
This table describes similarities between Elasticsearch and relational databases.
Database Table Row Column Index Type Documents Field
From the previous example we created an index candidate_index in which the type name was candidate and our candidate ID was one. So we created candidate 1. Let's verify everything.
List the indexes. On Sense you sometimes won't see that much of a difference when using pretty=true . Try it when using curl on the command line, though, and you will see a big difference in the formatting of your output.
GET _cat/indices?pretty=true yellow open .kibana 1 1 1 0 3.1kb 3.1kb yellow open random_index 5 1 0 0 260b 260b yellow open candidate_index 5 1 2 0 9.1kb 9.1kb
We can have a look at candidate 1 that we just created by running:
GET /candidate_index/candidate/1?pretty=true { "_index": "candidate_index", "_type": "candidate", "_id": "1", "_version": 3, "found": true, "_source": { "name": "Donald John Trump", "affiliation": "Republican", "age": "69", "occupation": "business person", "twitter": "https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump" "website": "http://www.donaldjtrump.com" } }
Now let's create candidate 2.
PUT /candidate_index/candidate/2?pretty=true { "name" : "Hillary Clinton", "affiliation" : "Democratic", "age" : "68", "occupation" : "politician", "twitter" : "https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton", "website" : "https://www.hillaryclinton.com" } { "_index": "candidate_index", "_type": "candidate", "_id": "2", "_version": 1, "_shards": { "total": 2, "successful": 1, "failed": 0 }, "created": true }
We only created two candidates, but imagine that we created 1000 candidates. We suddenly feel like searching candidates that have experience in the world of politics. This is what our query would look like:
GET /candidate_index/_search?q=politician&pretty=true { "took": 71, "timed_out": false, "_shards": { "total": 5, "successful": 5, "failed": 0 }, "hits": { "total": 1, "max_score": 0.095891505, "hits": [ { "_index": "candidate_index", "_type": "candidate", "_id": "2", "_score": 0.095891505, "_source": { "name": "Hillary Clinton", "affiliation": "Democratic", "age": "68", "occupation": "politician", "twitter": "https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton", "website": "https://www.hillaryclinton.com" } } ] } }
Or maybe we would like to search candidates by their political affiliation to find all the Democratic candidates.
This query searches in the candidate_index index and searches for the keyword "democratic," we then tell Elasticsearch to beautify the JSON response.
GET /candidate_index/_search?q=democratic&pretty=true { "took": 2, "timed_out": false, "_shards": { "total": 5, "successful": 5, "failed": 0 }, "hits": { "total": 1, "max_score": 0.095891505, "hits": [ { "_index": "candidate_index", "_type": "candidate", "_id": "2", "_score": 0.095891505, "_source": { "name": "Hillary Clinton", "affiliation": "Democratic", "age": "68", "occupation": "politician", "twitter": "https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton", "website": "https://www.hillaryclinton.com" } } ] } }
Conclusion
I only used two candidates in my examples. You can use more candidates to make your experience using Sense and the Elasticsearch REST API more interesting. You can make up your own examples if you want to understand Elasticsearch even better. You should start using Sense as soon as possible. It will tremendously improve your experience of working with the Elasticsearch REST API.
By of the
The Iron County resident who captured a cougar on their trail camera has granted the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel permission to publish the image.
The image was taken Aug. 30 in northern Iron County. The photographer prefers to remain anonymous to prevent attracting unwanted attention to their property.
However, they cooperated with the Department of Natural Resources so the agency could verifiy the location and authenticity of the photo.
And when reached by phone Friday afternoon, they said they released the information to help the department as it attempts to learn more about the habits of cougars in Wisconsin.
"I think it's kind of neat that they are moving through," they said. "The more we can learn about them, I think the better people will learn to get along with them."
The cougar, which is wearing a radio-collar and an ear tag, was also photographed July 25 in Douglas County and Sept. 8 in Ontonagon County of Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
The animal is thought to have come from the western U.S.
It is the fifth confirmed cougar in Wisconsin since 2008.
- Mesa Police are investigating the death of a 5-year-old boy and their mother in an apparent murder-suicide at Banner Cardon Children's Hospital.
Officers say that hospital staff went into the boy's room shortly after 2am on Saturday, and that is where they found the boy and their mother dead. Police say the initial information indicates the mother took the life of the child and then killed herself.
The boy had been staying at the hospital for seven or eight days. Police say routine bed checks happen every two hours, and at midnight, the mother and child were fine. But at 2am, both were found deceased inside the boy's room. Police say the mother was found dead from a gunshot wound, but they are not clarifying what sort of injuries the child sustained.
Mesa Police says the family was from Phoenix, and the boy was involved in a situation under investigation by the Arizona Department of Child Safety. Mesa Police spokesperson Det. Steve Berry says police understand that DCS had last contacted the family just two days ago.
Detectives are trying to learn more details about the mother from family members. They say nobody else was hurt or threatened in the incident.
A spokesperson for Banner says that staff cannot comment on the incident or the people involved. Hospital officials have released the following statement:
"The safety of our patients, associates and visitors is paramount to us and is our top priority at this time. At no time were others impacted by this incident and we remain vigil in the safety of all we're treating and seeing at Cardon Children's Medical Center.
Banner Health does have a policy in place that prohibits firearms and weapons at all of our hospitals, health centers, and clinics that's posted at our entryways.
Our thoughts are with the family and their loss at this time. We're directing all questions to the Mesa Police Department for any further comment related to this case."
Jealousy and polyamory March 4, 2012
Posted by shaunphilly in Culture and Society Tags: compersion
One of the most cited reasons that people are not polyamorous, even if they are not against the idea in principle, is that they simply could not do it. They are too jealous.
But jealousy is not a sufficient reason to not be polyamorous. Not being polyamorous for this reason is simply a way to avoid dealing with the problem of jealousy.
Ever listen to love songs on the radio? Ever watch a sappy romantic comedy where the blunt end of the joke is the presence of competition or possessiveness? The lamenting lyrics of wanting someone's girl, seeing someone beautiful on the train but they were with another man, or sappy words about how someone belongs to someone else is so ubiquitous that not even us polyamorous people always notice it. But it is pretty ubiquitous.
Jealousy, whether in the form of competition, possessiveness, or destruction of property is a part of our culture. It is, indeed, part of the mythology of love in our culture. I use the term myth here because if possessiveness or jealousy are anywhere near the core of love, something is wrong.
But it often is near the core of love in our culture. Our culture's use of love, expectations of relationships, and folk wisdom about how to respond to jealousy are pretty unattractive. It is not surprising that this is the case, especially given that the Bible (which is a part of the foundation of our Western culture) seems to condone this behavior in the book of Exodus.
20:3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
and it gets better two verses later!
20:5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God is a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me; 20:6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments. [emphasis mine]
See, god loves us, but if we were to cast a casual glance to some other god, they would smite us. And we'd deserve it, of course! How could we be so slutty….
Jealousy as a bad thing
The problem is that people don't see jealousy as a bad thing. As the picture at the top of this post shows, there is an idea in our culture that jealousy is somehow an indication that the love is real, rather than imitation love or whatever. I have been told before that if I don't mind my girlfriend sleeping with other men, I don't really love them Such people say that when I meet someone who I really love, I would not want to share them
I suppose I don't love either of you, Ginny and Gina. Sorry….
Bullshit! That idea is patently absurd. I love both of them and I don't see how bowing to any jealous or possessive feelings I may have is someone more real than recognizing that they are both intelligent, talented, and beautiful people who anyone could love. How is it rational to love someone (or some thing) and not expect other people to love them too? And what right do I have to claim possession to a person just because I love them? That is the implication, right; I love them, and anyone else who does is competition.
Of course, for many of us anyway, jealousy still occurs. Sometimes it's mere envy, but sometimes it's not. But what do we do about it? Do we address the object of our jealousy or do we address the fact that jealousy is damaging to relationships and love in general? Most resources I have seen seem to emphasize that the feeling is probably unwarranted; that what we fear is not happening and we need to stop being so suspicious. But when you share your lovers, the thing you feel jealous about is happening! The question is whether you should feel bad about that.
Obviously, if you are agreeing to non-monogamy with your partner(s), you have no justification to be angry about it happening, even if you do feel jealous from time to time. In such circumstances, your project should be to find ways to rid yourself of those types of reactions so that your good feelings for those people are not tainted by unpleasant experiences of feeling possessive or insecure as a result. Eventually, you may grow to like the idea of sharing (some call this compersion. I hate that term. It's still better than frubble), and jealousy may be nothing but an unpleasant memory or a curiosity for reflaction on human nature.
Monogamous people may have reasons to be angry if their partners have romantic or sexual relationships with other people (since this was not agreed upon, by definition), but the jeaousy is still something they should try and transcend. Jealousy does not stop it from happening, and if it is not happening it causes unnecessary anxiety. It is a sign of lack of trust, security, and can only act to drive people apart, rather than help in any way.
Therefore, there is no excuse for tolerating jealousy, even if one is monogamous.
Monogamy is not a cure for jealousy
Even if you choose a lifestyle of sexual exclusivity, your partner will probably love someone else. They will probably find other people sexually and/or romantically attractive, they will have fantasies about those people, and ultimately they will probably want more than you are able to give. If you decide to structure your relationship such that neither of you will pursue anything beyond friendship with others, so be it, but this will not eliminate the existence and problem of jealousy.
It will just avoid the problem by treating the symptom rather than the underlying cause.
The love you have for someone is because of who they are, and should not be dependent upon who else loves them or who else they love. So, for someone to say that they could not be polyamorous because they are too jealous, what they seem to be saying is that they do not want to deal with the reality of human needs, desires, or the possibility that they may not be able to satisfy every need a person has.
Jealousy is not a reason not to be polyamorous; it is a reason to consider not being in a relationship with anyone. Jealousy does not go away just because you are not sharing, it just isn't challenged when we are not sharing. It's sort of like teaching children how to share toys; if you just keep them all separate and let them play with their toys separately, the problem never arises. But when you put children together, they fight over toys. Separating them does not alleviate the problem, it only avoids it.
Similarly, separating everyone out with monogamous pairings does not make jealousy go away, it just tries to create a dynamic where it ideally is never relevant. It is an unrealistic expectation and is rarely possible. So why try?
Only because it avoids the problem most of the time. From a practical point of view, it is easier to not deal with hard problems. But this is short-term thinking, and does not lead to us growing up to emotional adulthood. Jealousy is one of the many aspects to human behavior which we need to address as a species, and too often it is shelved in the name of practicality.
We can do better than that.
Advertisements
The world's leading authority on climate change science, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), has issued in recent weeks its strongest warnings yet on just how serious a test climate change presents to us all. While intergovernmental agreement on how best to respond has been slow, many businesses have been compelled to tackle climate challenges.
This corporate action comes in direct response to the growing evidence that rising temperatures, coupled with other drivers, are putting our natural resources at risk. The price tag for these risks is already high: severe flooding in the UK earlier this year cost small businesses £830m and counting.
With water, the irreplaceable lifeblood of our economy, these risks are already happening. Back-to-back hurricanes in the US in 2008 had an impact on the operations of Baker Hughes, the world's third largest oilfield services provider, resulting in an estimated £46.4m loss in revenue. There are political and social risks, too: Newmont Mining's £2.9bn gold and copper mine in Peru continues to face an uncertain future because opponents allege that it will threaten local water supplies. Risks aren't confined to borders either: studies suggest that Typhoon Haiyan, which hit the Philippines in 2013, could indirectly affect 21% of US production through supply chain issues.
Water, and its diminishing availability in a world expected to grow by another billion people over the next decade, also has the potential to spark conflict in certain regions. Couple this with growing competition between industries such as energy and agriculture, and you have a complex cocktail of challenges that governments alone cannot solve.
Importantly, some companies are already improving their ability to identify water-related risks. But there are others making the key move towards comprehensive water flight attendantship strategies that safeguard valuable water resources.
While there is no globally agreed view of best practice for corporate water flight attendantship, industry leaders are nevertheless attempting to commit to this new thinking in practice by looking beyond water usage in their direct operations and seeking opportunities for collaborative action. The world's largest listed companies are reporting their water impacts and strategies to investors through CDP's water programme, which is designed to help put businesses on the path to water flight attendantship.
Nestlé in North America spends nearly £5m a year to maintain and protect the quality of its spring sources and immediate watershed areas (the region that drains into a body of water like rivers or lakes). It also runs water resource field assessments to see how its operations might have an impact on a community's right to water and the long-term availability of water resources, in turn helping it achieve long term security in its own water supplies. In 2012, H&M entered into a three-year partnership with WWF to implement a water flight attendantship strategy that considers the impacts that 750 of its direct suppliers have on water, helping it to map water risks across its supply chain, demonstrating that these risks exist at every level of its business operations.
There are economic incentives for companies, too. A report released last year by CDP and Eurizon Capital shows that in the metals and mining sector, businesses using CDP to manage water strategically performed better financially.
While a leading few are beginning to understand the strategic value of water and the benefits offered by a water flight attendantship approach, there are still too many who are failing to take a broader view of their water-related risks. And for the companies attempting to deal with the complexity of water challenges, there is a steep learning curve that they cannot necessarily overcome alone.
Our timeframe to tackle these issues is quickly closing as climate change continues to exacerbate water risks. Companies that are not yet taking action towards water flight attendantship or the mitigation of climate change need to act fast and can begin to measure and manage progress through CDP.
On the world stage, we are fast approaching the UN climate change conference in Paris 2015, with the objective of negotiating a new global deal. Industries and investors are expecting governments to rise to the challenge and secure a regulatory framework that values both our economy and our environment. As Rajendra Pachauri, the IPCC's chairperson, noted this April: "The high speed mitigation train would need to leave the station very soon and all of global society would have to get on board." Businesses are demonstrating their willingness to join this ride. Will governments follow?
• Paul Simpson is co-founder and chief executive officer of CDP, an international, not-for-profit organisation that enables companies and cities to share environmental information.  They are a member of the World Economic Forum's global agenda council on measuring sustainability, and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change high level clean development mechanism panel.
As noted in a recent posting, I received a behind-the-scenes look at the Canadian War Museum's storage facilities/vaults as specialists there prepare for reworking exhibit areas at the museum.
The concluding area of Gallery 4: From the Cold War to the Present is being redeveloped to explore Canadian involvement in operations in the Gulf War, Somalia, Rwanda, the former Yugoslavia and Afghanistan. New artifacts, eyewitness testimonies and artwork connected to individual stories will highlight how these missions have affected Canada and the world, according to war museum officials.
The updates to Gallery 4 will be ready in September but for now a specific opening date has yet to be set.
In the meantime, I'll be publishing a number of photos I took of the new exhibits that are to be displayed. Eric Fernberg and Andrew Burtch of the war museum have provided the details about the items.
Today Defence Watch features components that were used by insurgents in Afghanistan to build improvised explosive devices. This is a display of a variety of actual IED components recovered by Canadian combat engineers in Kandahar. They were loaned to the CWM by DND's Directorate of History and Heritage from their collection of artifacts from the Afghanistan War. The components include examples of triggers, housing for explosives, and shrapnel from explosives. All components recovered were sent for forensic analysis in an effort to identify the bomb-makers. The parts look simple, and in many cases they are such as the containers and pots shown below that contained the explosives or the springs in the photo above which were also used in the IEDs, but the results were devastating against Canadian and coalition troops.
So far two University of Virginia fraternities are refusing to sign a new Fraternity Operating Agreement to resume social activities.
Alpha Tau Omega and Kappa Alpha have released nearly identical statements refusing to sign U.Va.'s new requirements that fraternities alter their activities following a two-month suspension on social activities. The new rules require a certain number of fraternity brothers to be sober and present and different places around the house and set limits on what kinds of alcohol can be served and in what containers.
The fraternities state two reasons for their refusal to sign on to these new rules.
The first reason is that U.Va., “for reasons that were found to be untrue, unfairly punished all members of fraternities and sororities." This is in reference to the Rolling Stone article claiming a woman was gang raped at a Phi Kappa Psi party, which resulted in the social activity ban (without any evidence other than the uncorroborated accusation).
“Because we do not accept the validity of a suspension imposed in contravention of the existing FOA, university policy, Virginia law and the constitutional rights of our members, we are not compelled to sign a revised FOA to continue operations on campus,” the fraternities wrote in press releases that were put out separately but shared the same language.
The fraternities also state that their own risk management policies “are as strict or more strict than this new FOA” and they will continue to “comply with the more restrictive of the policies in its activities.”
The fraternities wrote, “We are concerned that the university's revision to the FOA may create new liability for individual members of our organizations that is more properly a duty to be borne by the university itself."
The statements also claim that the new rules “set a dangerous precedent of an erosion of student and organizational rights,” but would work with U.Va. to develop “risk management education.”
“This should occur on an ongoing basis, not under these pretenses,” the fraternities wrote.
The fraternities have released these statements just one day after Charlottesville police found “ no substantive basis” for the allegations set forth in Rolling Stone to have occurred at Phi Psi.
U.Va. spokesperson Anthony de Bruyn, in an email to the Washington Examiner, wouldn't comment on the press releases but was hopeful the organizations would eventually sign the FOA.
"The Greek organizations have until January 16 to sign the new agreements, developed by the student groups themselves, and we will have no further comment or action until that date has passed," de Bruyn wrote. "We remain hopeful that all groups will commit to these reasonable protocols designed to improve student safety."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton majority shareholder Farhad Moshiri has jointly bought the Royal Liver Building and its world-famous rooftop Liver Birds.
And the billionaire behind Everton's new stadium plans says the deal for the city's best-known building shows their pride in Liverpool as a “thriving international city”.
The world-famous building was sold for £48m in February to a consortium led by international property group Corestate.
Now the ECHO can reveal that Mr Moshiri, who bought their stake in Everton a year ago, was Corestate's partner in the deal.
It was the first time the building had changed hands since it was built in 1911.
Whenever they visit their new waterfront property, Mr Moshiri will be able to look downriver towards Bramley Moore Dock where Everton hope to build a £300m stadium .
Corestate had already vowed to invest millions in the Royal Liver Building to attract new office tenants, as Liverpool is lacking in the top-class “Grade A” offices it needs to attract new businesses and jobs .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And Mr Moshiri says they are proud of the potential of the building and the city.
They told the ECHO: “I am delighted to have jointly acquired the Royal Liver Building, which is a world-class property in a bustling riverfront location.
“Following my investment in Everton last year, I am confident in the prospects for Liverpool as a thriving international city and am pleased that I have been able to make this investment in such a landmark building with potential for further improvement.”
The Royal Liver Building opened in 1911 as the home of Royal Liver Assurance. In 2011 Royal Liver was taken over by larger rival Royal London, which put the building up for sale last year.
Speaking to the ECHO in February to announce the deal, Corestate founder Thomas Landschreiber described the building as “crazy and unique”.
And they said: “The next step is to invest money and get tenants for the vacant space where we see a huge opportunity for Liverpool at the moment.”
India opposed using the Montreal Protocol ozone-protection treaty to restrict powerful greenhouse gases called hydrofluorocarbons, pouring cold water on efforts by the U.S. and the European Union.
“It's honestly beyond me how a non-ozone depleting substance like HFCs can be taken into the Montreal Protocol, which deals only with ozone-depleting substances,” Indian Environment Minister Jayanthi Natarajan told envoys at United Nations climate talks in Warsaw today. “We are unable to fathom what prevents addressing this issue” under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.
U.S. and EU envoys have suggested using the ozone treaty to pare back the gases. That would bypass slow-moving UN climate talks, which often deadlock on unrelated issues. The gases are made by companies including Honeywell International Inc. and DuPont Co. in a $US4 billion ($4.4 billion) global refrigerant industry.
Tackling HFCs is important because the gases are up to 11,700 more powerful agents of global warming than carbon dioxide, according to the UN. Phasing them down has the potential to slash 90 billion tons of greenhouse gases through 2050, said Todd Stern, the U.S. special envoy on climate change. That's almost two years of greenhouse-gas output at current levels.
“The Montreal Protocol is made for this kind of task,” Stern said today. “It's what it does, It phases down industrial chemicals. Let's start making progress here instead of making excuses.”
Neuroweapons -- more terrifying than the atomic bomb
FOR PUBLICATION
AHRC-ART-112-2013
September 25, 2013
An Article by the Asian Human Rights Commission
WORLD: Neuroweapons -- more terrifying than the atomic bomb
The following review was written by Ms. Cheryl Welsh to summarise the paper published by Torture: Asian and Global Perspectives in its latest issue.
Cheryl Welsh
Since the 1950s, allegations of government mind control weapons (now called neuroweapons) and nonconsensual human experimentation and targeting have been dismissed as science fiction. However, with a closer look at the history and science of neuroweapons and neuroscience, an extremely alarming discovery becomes obvious: compelling new evidence supports that secret neuroweapons are highly likely to already be developed. My article discusses how and why nearly all the experts were misled and therefore were completely wrong about neuroweapons, resulting in disastrous consequences. I describe two US Cold War cover stories (the official explanations given to disguise secret US programs) that have become obsolete. I argue that the public should be warned about the very real danger of secret US neuroweapons and a thorough impartial investigation of the allegations should also be conducted.
How will the public ever find out when secret neuroweapons are developed? Overwhelming evidence now supports that mind control is not science fiction; however, the definitive documents and proof as to whether neuroweapons exist are hidden by US government secrecy. The odds against resolving the issue are formidable. When confronted with significant facts about secret neuroweapons that are likely to be developed and used illegally, the government denials will be never ending. However, now the fallacy of the denials can be exposed. The warning signs are evident, for example, the ethics for President Obama's new brain project are being formulated by Obama's Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues, the same commission which released a 2011 report, Moral Science: Protecting Participants in Human Subjects Research. This report completely ignored the lack of human subject protection in national security experiments. Nonconsensual experiments are still legal, both internationally and more specifically in the U.S., in practice if not in principle. The US government should be held accountable for its lack of legal protection and its disingenuous rhetoric of moral science.
Unlike the atomic bomb, there has been no meaningful US public debate on neuroweapons for over half a century. In a democracy, this is wrong. The consequences are serious; new laws and international treaties for neuroweapons need to be developed but this is not happening because of the extreme US secrecy. A letter dated January 22, 1947 by Albert Einstein, the physicist who revolutionized physics with their theory of relativity, described the importance of public debate:
Through the release of atomic energy, our generation has brought into the world the most revolutionary force since prehistoric man's discovery of fire. This basic power of the universe cannot be fitted into the outmoded concept of narrow nationalisms. For there is no secret and there is no defense; there is no possibility of control except through the aroused understanding and insistence of the peoples of the world.1
We scientists recognize our inescapable responsibility to carry to our fellow citizens an understanding of the simple facts of atomic energy and its implications for society. In this lies our only security and our only hope, we believe that an informed citizenry will act for life and not death.2
My article is meant to educate the global public and major world powers, in particular the US government that have not and will not tell you about their secret and already developed neuroweapons that are more potentially dangerous than the atomic bomb. They will not admit to unconstitutional neuroweapons human testing programs. Nevertheless, the public has a right to know and now strong historical and scientific evidence that has been obscure and hard to find is revealing the truth. There is enough evidence to support an investigation of the allegations of secret neuroweapons testing and targeting, however this is only a small beginning and it will be up to human rights groups, the media and the public to confront the government barriers to information on secret US neuroweapons programs.
Torture: Asian and Global Perspectives ( ISSN 2304-134X (print) | ISSN 2304-1458 (online) is a bi-monthly magazine which focuses on torture and its related issues globally. Writers interested in having their research on this subject published, may submit their articles to torturemag@ahrc.asia
1.A. DeVolpi, et al., Born secret The H-Bomb, the Progressive case, and national security, (1981) 248
2.Ibid
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Canadian users again face an increase in the cost of blank CDs, as the Copyright Board has increased levies on them by 38%. The raise was authorized in response to rises in music compression and increases in songwriter royalties. With this rise, the Copyright Board is simply ignoring all technological advances since 1999, while the music industry enriches itself.
Levies, like them or loathe them, in some countries it's the law. In Canada they were introduced in 1999, to help offset the alleged losses due to music copying. The theory goes, that as people are copying music tracks onto blank media, then what they are not doing is paying for another copy of that music. That Nirvana track you put onto a compilation CD for your drive to and from work, is another copy that you would otherwise have bought (apparently). So, that loss must be compensated.
For every blank CD sold in Canada, 21¢ used to go to the music industry, to compensate Canadian artists. This has now gone up to 29¢. However, the levy was introduced before the first iPod was sold, and this immediately brings up one of the key problems. The question is: How many of the blank CDs that are sold are used to copy Canadian music onto it? Furthermore, is it fair to ‘tax' all the other people who buy those CDs for other means?
It seems that the levy is outdated by technology since most private copies are made on MP3 players, not on CDs. With the rise of MP3 players, and the ways to get them connected to audio equipment, blank CDs are becoming less relevant in the audio world. Further, as most computers now come with DVD burners, CDs may be following the floppy as an outdated storage medium. This raised levy might be the beginning of the end for CDs, at least in Canada.
Of course, the advances in technology were totally ignored by the Copyright Board. The only technology mention dealt with compression. Two reasons were given for the raise by the Secretary General of the Copyright Board of Canada, Claude Majeau.
“Two main factors led the Board to raise the CD levy rate to 29¢. First, the mechanical royalties that record labels pay to record a song onto a prerecorded CD have increased. Second, because consumers now use compression technology when they record music, the average number of music tracks copied onto a CD went from 15 to more than 18.”
Unfortunately for Mr. Majeau, the second point is greatly undermined by the fact that, according to the audio CD standard (commonly known as Red Book), CDs shouldn't be compressed at all. If they were referring to mp3's, then reducing the average size from 43Mb to 36 (assuming a 650Mb CD) is also unusual.
How fair the levies are is debatable. First, while it claims to be for compensating artists, the Canadian Private Copying Collective (CPCC) FAQ makes it clear that only Canadian performers and record companies qualify for payment. This is a significant blow against non-Canadian artists that don't have a Canadian representative – the small artist. Worse, the payout of the collected levies is based on radio airplay and retail sales (physical and download). So, a starting Canadian artist that decides to burn 1000 CDs of their demo, they or they are actually paying $290 to established musicians and record labels.
There is also the question of payment. By their own figures, the CPCC had collected almost $242M between 1999 and 2007, of which just under $207M was available for payouts, but only $148.8M had been distributed, leaving $58M or so sitting around, roughly equivalent to the levies collected in 2006 and 2007.
Perhaps most unusually of all though, is that some consumers may be entirely unaware of the levies, let alone their rise. Despite the rise from 21¢ to 29¢ per disc, newegg.ca is selling spindles of 100 for under $20. Considering the levy cost on them is now $29, that's quite a financial hit. The price of blank CDs may rise soon to compensate, putting them at similar prices to blank DVDs which have no levies. Fortunately for consumers, most DVD players can handle MP3s now. Another great example how technology has advanced since 1999, and also ignored by the Copyright Board.
Story highlights The couple thought the book would stop the bullet
Pedro Ruiz III died from a single gun shot wound to the chest
(CNN) A Minnesota woman killed their boyfriend Monday by shooting at a book they were holding over their chest, in a YouTube video stunt gone wrong. Monalisa Perez,19, was attempting to make a viral video with boyfriend Pedro Ruiz III, 22, to post to their YouTube account, according to a Norman County Sheriff's Department arrest report.
Perez, who is seven months pregnant, called 911 on Monday evening, saying they had accidentally shot their boyfriend in the chest while they were making a video, according to the arrest report.
Monalisa Perez, 19, has been charged with second degree manslaughter.
They have been charged with second degree manslaughter. CNN has not been able to reach the public defender assigned to Perez for comment.
"They were in love. They loved each other. It was just a prank gone wrong," Ruiz's aunt, Claudia Ruiz, told CNN affiliate KVLY . "It shouldn't have happened like this. It shouldn't have happened at all." The couple had one child and were expecting their second together, their aunt told the news station.
They thought the book would stop the bullet
Read More
Big Project I've been working on.Derpy (Mane Universe): fav.me/d7w0n1k Doctor Whooves (Mane Universe): fav.me/d7w0n8n Derpy (ED Universe): fav.me/d7w0nhp ________________________________"Come along Derpy, we're going to the Gala!"Derpy sighed, "But Doctor, we've already been to the gala... about three now.""Ah yes, but this is the 100th Gala since Luna's Return, one of the most spectacular gatherings of ponies in any timeline. It's supposed to be quite a sight.""Alright, but I want to wear the dress this time, everypony else kept looking at us last time, and more so than usual."Whooves blushed, "Hrm, right yes. Sorry, I wasn't sure of the nuances of that particular timeline. I believe I have something in here that should work. Ah, here it is. A Rarity you could say." The Doctor chuckled to himself, "Her designs are quite the rage at this point, very vintage, very chic."Whooves piloted the Tardis and landed it in the gardens outside the grand hall. "Alright, Allons-y! Off to the party!"The instant the two ponies stepped out of the Tardis they were hit by the heat. Canterlot burned, both stared out in shock as buildings collapsed around them. They could hear screams in the distance, as well as the clash of steel."This... this isn't right," The Doctor stammered, pulling out their sonic screwdriver. "This can't be right."A lone mare stood ahead of them, watching as the city burned below her, glee in their eyes and their mouth a scowl."Doctor look, who's that mean looking mare?"The Doctor looked up just long enough to catch the familiar bubble cutie mark and yellow tail as the mare flew away to join the fight.________________________________
Memphis Grizzlies General Manager Chris Wallace today announced the team has recalled forward Troy Williams from its NBA Development League affiliate, the Iowa Energy.
Williams (6-7, 218) has appeared in nine games (two starts) over two assignments with the Energy (Dec. 26-Jan. 4, Jan. 5-25) and has averaged 15.9 points, 4.1 rebounds and 1.3 assists in 21.5 minutes. They have scored in double figures five times, including 32 points (12-17 FG, 3-8 3P, 5-8 FT) in 28 minutes in their D-League debut on Dec. 27 vs. Rio Grande Valley.
The 22-year-old has appeared in 24 games (13 starts) for the Grizzlies during their rookie season and has averaged 5.3 points, 1.8 rebounds and 1.00 steals in 17.4 minutes. The Hampton, Va. native went undrafted in the 2016 NBA Draft after their junior season at Indiana University and signed with Memphis as a free agent on Aug. 8, 2016.
Fans who want to support the Memphis Grizzlies by purchasing 2016-17 Season Tickets or 12- and 22-Game Packs can do so now by calling (901) 888-HOOP or going online to grizzlies.com. Single Game Tickets are available for purchase at all Ticketmaster locations, Ticketmaster.com, the FedExForum Box Office, online at grizzlies.com or by calling 1-800-4NBA-TIX or (901) 888-HOOP.
For more information on the Grizzlies, ‘like' Memphis Grizzlies on Facebook or follow-on Twitter (@memgrizz).
PAWLENTY'S DREADFUL IDEA…. One year ago, as the global economy teetered on the brink of collapse, Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty (R) said they knew exactly what the United States should do to address the crisis and prevent a depression: approve a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Seriously.
As Pawlenty saw it in December 2008, the economic crisis was the result of excessive debt. Right off the bat, that didn't make any sense. Nevertheless, the governor proceeded to argue that balancing the budget in the midst of a financial crisis represented “common sense, kitchen table logic.”
The argument may have helped Pawlenty in their bid to become the poster child of Neo-Hooverism, but fortunately, their truly insane recommendation was ignored by those with actual responsibilities.
A year later, and with their unannounced presidential campaign already in gear, Pawlenty is still at it.
Mr. Pawlenty has proposed an amendment to the Minnesota constitution that would limit spending during any two-year budget period to the amount of revenue collected during the previous budget cycle. At a Republican fund-raiser in New Hampshire on Dec. 16, the governor also pushed the idea of an amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would force Congress to pass, and the president to sign, a balanced budget.
You'll remember that this little gimmick was popular with the Gingrich crowd 15 years ago, before sane people realized it didn't make any sense — sometimes, the government should run deficits to address crises, such as wars and deep recessions. You know, like the stuff Obama inherited.
It's hard to know whether Pawlenty seriously believes their own nonsense (in which case he's a fool), or if he's just spouting this to score cheap points with the Republican base, which they assume doesn't know better (in which case he's a hack). Either way, this kind of talk should, in a reasonable political world, effectively end Pawlenty's efforts to become a credible national figure.
If you want to argue realism then what about the fact that every male soldier isn't an intelligent silent god of massacre that can't die, people are allowed to want 'unrealistic' things.
People are also allowed to want a game to only feature male characters and it is about male struggles framed in a male context. Or they would be allowed to want that if our hobby wasn't currently being colonized by feminists.
War is a male environment fought and populated by males. Women just don't fight on the frontlines, they are inferior soldiers. I don't really see why everything has to pretend otherwise just because a few people whine about it.
If you want to argue it as an enjoyable fantasy that sacrifices realism for enjoyment then what about the 50% of the population that may also want to enjoy the same experience?
But that's just it - 50% of the population DON'T want to enjoy the same experience. Action/shooter games are marketed to men for a reason - because men enjoy fast paced violent games and women generally don't.
Trying to argue that women don't play these games because they don't contain "strong female charactersTM" is simplistic thinking and shows an ignorance of how male and female brains work.
Whatever argument you have, there are girls that want to play these games that can make the same arguments and just because they are not as big a demographic doesn't mean they don't deserve it
But they don't deserve it. As a minority audience they don't deserve to have that form of entertainment constantly pander to their interests. They're free to play the games that exist and that's great if they choose to. But they're not entitled to have everything cater to them just because they're women. They already have the vast majority of TV targetting them, because women generally prefer watching TV to playing games.
Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction — to borrow a mangled phrase from a dear departed Republican primary candidate — that the Liberal Party has brought transparency to the Canadian government. The Liberal Party has not brought transparency to the Canadian government.
We have known this for some time. Justin Trudeau's star cabinet ministers have made fatuous non-answers the unofficial lullaby of most press conferences and question periods.
Want to know why the Liberals abandoned electoral reform? Well, here are some platitudes about the value of diverse voices in our democracy. How closely will the government be involved in its supposedly arms-length multibillion-dollar infrastructure bank? Uh … can I interest you in some banal remarks about building up the middle class? How about quotes investing in Canadians' future?
Meeting with the ethics commissioner
For the most part, the prime minister has left the rather humiliating exercise in partisan servitude to their rookie cabinet ministers, but this week, during an appearance in question period, they took up the cause himself.
The question posed to Trudeau in the House Wednesday was how many times they have met with the ethics commissioner to talk about their trip to the Aga Khan's private island. Trudeau was asked the question 18 times — and each time they regurgitated the same non-answer:
"Mr. Speaker, as you know, I am always pleased to work with the conflict of interest and ethics commissioner to answer any questions they may have."
Yes, but how many times have you met with her?
"Mr. Speaker, as I have always said, I am very pleased to meet with the conflict of interest and ethics commissioner and work with them to answer any questions they may have on this subject or any other."
So, more than two, or…?
"Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to work with the conflict of interest and ethics commissioner to answer any questions they may have. That is what Canadians expect of the prime minister and that is exactly what I am doing."
Sorry, how many times?
"Mr. Speaker, Canadians expect the prime minister to work with the conflict of interest and ethics commissioner any time they have questions, and that is exactly what I have been doing."
Conservative MPs led a chorus of questions about the ethics commissioner's investigation into Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 2:24
Now, it's fair to say the question itself was a rather frivolous one — it really doesn't matter how many times the prime minister has met with the ethics commissioner — and it probably wasn't worth the opposition's time to ask the question after the third failed attempt to get an answer.
But the onus here isn't really on the opposition. Yes, the Harper Conservatives parroted the same sort of brainless,robotic responses when they controlled the House, and they were rightfully excoriated for it at the time. But the Liberals campaigned on a promise to do things differently. So far, they're governing straight from the Tories' handbook.
Trudeau's principal secretary, Gerald Butts, chimed in on the exercise Wednesday, lambasting members for asking a question they believed unworthy of the prime minister:
"MPs from all over Canada finally get a chance to ask the Prime Minister a question. They all ask about their Xmas vacation. It's May," they tweeted, proving it is possible to both defend and be sanctimonious about empty pre-programmed answers.
MPs from all over Canada finally get a chance to ask the Prime Minister a question. They all ask about their Xmas vacation. It's May. —@gmbutts
Evidence of the Liberals' failed promise of transparency is now available on a near-weekly basis. A day before Trudeau's question period demonstration, for example, the Foreign Affairs Department was asked why it spent close to $1,900 on 14 cardboard cutouts of Justin Trudeau. The response? The cutouts offered a way of "re-engaging with the world to champion the values that Canadians hold dear."
The previous week, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan was repeatedly asked why they falsely claimed themselves the "architect" of Operation Medusa in Afghanistan.
"I in no way intended to diminish the great work that our men and women in the Canadian Armed Forces have done, and their superiors, and I am truly sorry for it," Sajjan said.
But why did they exaggerate their service record in the first place?
"Mr. Speaker, I am not here to talk about my service record. I am here to apologize for my mistake and to be able to learn from it."
Hasn't the minister lost all credibility?
"Mr. Speaker, my focus is always going to be to continue to serve the Canadian Armed Forces, the men and women who serve. I will always do that."
Did the prime minister even talk to them about it?
"I am not here to make excuses. I am here to acknowledge my mistake, to be able to learn from it so I can continue to serve."
#RealChange
Failing to address legitimate questions posed of government officials is bad; failing to address legitimate questions while simultaneously claiming to deliver on #RealChange and #PositivePolitics is worse. Until now, Trudeau has mostly left the embarrassing obfuscation to their ministers. Their participation suggests the promise of government transparency has been fully extinguished, from top of government to bottom.
So, exactly when did the Liberals decide to abandon their pledge of openness and transparency?
Instead of waiting for an answer, allow me: "This government is deeply committed to delivering on its promise to all Canadians."
Yes, but when …?
"This government will deliver on all of its promises. Especially to the middle class, and those working hard to join it."
This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
Court Says Authors Guild Has Standing To Sue Over Google Books, Despite It Not Representing Authors' Views
from the unfortunate dept
About a month ago, we wrote about how Google was trying to convince the judge in the Google book scanning case that the Authors Guild did not have standing to sue on behalf of authors. This was, in part, because different authors would have very different issues (especially on the fair use analysis), but also because lots and lots of authors didn't seem to have a problem with what Google was doing (especially considering studies that have shown being in Google Books helps sell more books).However, the judge in the case has ruled, mostly on a procedural basis, that the Authors Guild does, in fact, have standing to sue . It argues that associations have long been allowed to sue on behalf of their members, and the fair use analysis questions aren't really a big deal. At worst, the court says it could split up the "classes" into different groups, so that those with specific issues could be judged separately. Of course, you could just as easily make the argument that this reasoningresulted in the opposite conclusion. If the court is going to lump different groups of authors into different camps, then shouldn't each ofgroups create their own class action suits, rather than putting them all under the Authors Guild's umbrella? No one is arguing that there can't be a class action lawsuit if the relevant class is assembled. There's just a big question over whether or not the Authors Guild really represents the interests of the people included in the classes. And the judge doesn't really address that question, other than to say those who don't have a problem with Google Books can more or less opt-out of the class.On one point, however, the judge's reasoning does make sense: why did Google wait so long to challenge the Authors Guild's standing. Elements of this case have been going on for many, many years. It does seem a little off to file this particular point so late.I doubt many people are thatby the ruling, but it does mean that Google will have to continue the Google book scanning fight against the Authors Guild. In the long run, I still think any result only ends up harming the Authors Guild. They are showing themselves to be anti-innovation luddites who disregard the interests of the majority of their members, while grandstanding against any new technology that upends the old publisher-gatekeeper model. That may be useful for some big name authors they represent -- since it's all about keeping out competition from new authors, but it's no path to the future.
Filed Under: authors guild, class action, google books
Companies: google
This text is reprinted from a May Day flyer. For more on the history of May Day, see the zine “Hurrah for Anarchy!” and for what happened last year, see the post “May Day 2012.”
On May 1, 1886 tens of thousands of workers across the country went on a three day general strike in support of the 8 hour work day. On May 3rd workers in Chicago attempted to confront strikebreakers that were entering a plant where workers had been locked out since February and supported the call for a eight hour work day. The strikebreakers had the protection of hundreds of police and when the striking workers surged forward to meet them at the gates of the factory the police opened fire killing 2-6 workers. The next day May 4th, in response, anarchists called for a rally at Haymarket Square in Chicago. When police ordered the rally to disperse and marched forward in formation a bomb was thrown toward the police: a riot ensued; untold numbers of workers were killed and injured by police bullets. The bomb as well as gunshots from mostly friendly fire killed eight cops. Eight anarchists were later imprisoned in retribution and known as the Haymarket martyrs. Each was tried for murder, the incident and trial led to indignation around the world as the prosecution conceded that none of the eight threw the bomb. The eight were not on trial for throwing bombs, but for being radical labor agitators and anarchists. Two had their sentences commuted to life in prison, one received fifteen years, four were eventually executed, and one cheated the hangman by taking their own life in prison. The anarchist idea did not die in Chicago in 1887. Today it still inspires the struggle against global capitalism and the state.
It is a tradition born in Chicago, mummified in Russia and China, celebrated as workers day in much of the world, and until more recently largely neglected in the U.S. It's no surprise if in Seattle, Mayday means little more than last years mini-riot considering the recent media blitz. Contrary to the mainstream media lies about an anarchist hijacking of last years Mayday, thousands of people took to the streets to express their anger with the current system in numerous different ways. The protests downtown were organized with the ideas of decentralization and autonomy, in practice this meant that small groups were encouraged to act as they saw fit. There were multiple demonstrations and activities throughout the day, at different times, with different themes and focuses, and anarchists participated in many of these. An anti-capitalist march started at noon with the slogan “Destroy What Destroys You.” It was openly confrontational with capitalism and the state. Smoke bombs and paint were thrown, banks, large businesses, and the federal court house had their windows broken. The mainstream media was attacked, a few cars got trashed, and people defended themselves from vigilantes and the police. The mayor declared their ability to use their emergency powers and for the rest of the evening part of downtown Seattle was boarded up. The idea that private property is sacred was publicly challenged by hundreds of people and business as usual in downtown Seattle was disrupted for the day by thousands.
A Mayday where the legitimacy of so much is challenged, whether it be bosses, borders, corporate property, or marching behind the same reformist leaders, should always be welcome. However inevitably it is a day that makes those with money or power or simply those invested in the way things are, call for more repression and control. After all Mayday is part of a long struggle against capitalism, the state, and this society which runs on misery. The media sells the narrative of the police, the politicians, and the business owners, all in an effort to justify repression and conceal the fact that Mayday can be and has been a important part of social struggle. The dominant narrative today is a small extension of their past victories of genocide, imprisonment, and social control. However direct experience and the forgotten history of Mayday tell us another story, that of dignified revolt against a network of domination, exploitation, and control.
Share This:
Twitter | Facebook | Tumblr | Reddit
This is not an endorsement of these companies -- use at your own risk! That said, sharing links helps to increase the visibility of this site.
The Lake County Forest Preserves' sort-of-new headquarters on Libertyville's western fringe will make you sad. We stood before it, as the rain fell.
It's a hideous building.
We'd seen it before and went to reconsider its soulessness. The cold rain seemed appropriate.
All buildings have an architectural heart, sometimes energized and ennobled by their tasks and shape. Other structures stand forlorn and cold.
Yes, this building in a bland business park once owned by Motorola is a squat box with an empty face, marbled floors and inert blandness.
It is not dead. It was never alive.
This is a 100,000-square-foot, three-story, beige brick fortress that Third Reich engineers would have loved. It's from the early Guns of Navarone School of Architecture. A revolving entry door. A chilled two-story foyer.
Dozens of perpendicular rectangles for windows. Maybe exit ports for machine-gun nests and anti-tank artillery? Otherwise, from the outside, it appears hermetically sealed.
It has no humanity. And that's the problem.
County government is walking away from the most charming, rural museum in the region, and running toward this monstrosity.
The Lakewood Farm buildings that house the esteemed Discovery Museum near Wauconda are themselves works of historical art that state preservationists are shocked would be abandoned — especially for Libertyville's Fortress Europa.
But it happens this fall. Forest folks will load all 23,000 artifacts and ship them to Libertyville for $1.5 million.
Got to go. No alternative. Progress, you know.
But Nancy Schumm just doesn't get it. And if anybody understands financial projections, they would. She's a professional environmental project consultant in Barrington, preservationist author by avocation, and lover of old buildings — especially rural barns that bureaucracies destroy rather than save.
They and the forest preserves have crossed verbal sabers before. They usually lose.
In Schumm's view, the migration is illogical, except as an old decision tied to too much money someone wanted to spend.
Lake County government seems indifferent to one of its great heritage assets. But why, they wonder, would anyone trade the pristine, nurtured tenderness of Lakewood for Libertyville's chilling mess?
The Lakewood Farm could be saved, they insist. Perhaps the county just doesn't care.
Generations of families have come to revere Lakewood's oak trees, meadows and grasslands. History fits there. The farm is history. One house there has stood since before the Civil War.
"(Libertyville) is an ugly campus, and an unattractive place to bring busloads of children," they said. "Plus, on weekends, the rest of the campus is eerily empty. It hardly inspires historical context or vision."
Ever since the county bought the old Motorola fortress, the stated goal was to meld business offices and the museum. No one ever reconsidered how little sense that made. Now maybe it's too late.
"Lakewood has been the jewel in the crown of the collection until the Motorola building was purchased," Schumm says.
The district can produce studies proving the Libertyville purchase and move were great ideas. Hooey, says Schumm, meant to rationalize predetermined theory.
The problem, they say, is that no district leader values Lakewood or its 80-year history. The same indifference, they suggest, led to trying to ditch the famed Curt Teich Postcard collection.
When the forest district board voted overwhelmingly in 2010 to buy the Libertyville building, proponents were giddy. But Motorola may have been giddier at unloading a turkey.
The building was 10 years old and had stood vacant for two years.
Was the $4.1 million investment sound? Three years later, Motorola Mobility sold the rest of its 84-acre campus and all the buildings for $9.5 million to a commercial real estate firm, though the market value was supposedly $37.1 million.
Motorola paid taxes of $940,965 in 2012 and $994,775 in 2013 on the campus. You could hear Motorola management giggling as they cashed the check.
Schumm says letting Lakewood's "gentleman's farm" complex lapse into disrepair seemed predetermined. There is no plan to save Lakewood Farm, and that's significant for a government agency that claims to have plans for every variable. They fear the county will destroy the structures for "safety reasons," eventually discover the Libertyville museum does not work and then propose a new $15 million museum. New trumps old.
But says Schumm: "The idea that moving (the museum) is less expensive than maintaining it is pretty lame and really makes no sense."
There's no sign anyone can stop the move or save Lakewood.
Not you. Not Schumm.
Too late.
No one at the Forest Preserves will listen. And no one can make them.
David.Rutter@live
Biologists have long known that humpback whales use different sounds -- including clicks, whistles and pulsed calls -- to communicate, navigate, search for food and socialize.
But one researcher has heard a set of mysterious, low-frequency sounds near various humpbacks off the coast of the Hawaiian island of Maui, and they're not like anything he's ever heard humpbacks do before.
"Imagine a heartbeat," Jim Darling, a research biologist at Whale Trust Maui, said in a release Monday, describing the sounds.
To be clear, no one knows for sure that the previously unheard sounds are actually being made by humpback whales. But on various occasions since 2005, the sounds have been heard while humpbacks were in the vicinity of recording equipment. In the most recent case, the release says, "any fluctuation in volume appeared to match the whales' approach to the boat, and no other species of whales were known to be in the area at the time."
One theory, National Geographic reports, is that the sounds could be related to mating.
Typically, humpback vocalizations range in frequency from 80 to 4,000 hertz, according to Whale Trust. The new sounds, however, were measured at 40 hertz -- just above the threshold of what humans can hear.
Darling describes the sounds as "ethereal" and difficult to hear except during exceptionally quiet, calm ocean conditions.
"The first time I heard them, or realized I heard them, was in 2005 when recording social sounds from an active group of eight whales," Darling said in the release. "Although I have recorded samples since, it took a long and particularly good recording of a male-female pair in 2013 to convince me they were real."
The unusual sounds are the subject of a new paper, published last month in The Journal of the Acoustical Society of America and the result of studies funded by Whale Trust and the National Geographic Society.
Darling hopes that by describing the sounds to a wider readership, he'll encourage further exploration and assessment of the phenomenon.
"I'm trying to be cautious here," they told NatGeo, "as it's still possible -- although very unlikely -- that they are produced by something other than the whales."
Kate Westaway via Getty Images
Ultimately, if the sounds can be conclusively linked to the humpbacks, Whale Trust says it would "add a whole new dimension to the already complex repertoire found in this species' communication."
"We have a long way to go on understanding this -- but it does remind us of how very, very little we know about these animals," Darling said in the release.
Every year from about November to May, as many as 10,000 humpback whales return from their feeding grounds in Alaska to the warmer waters of Hawaii to mate and give birth.
SIZZLER is closing another restaurant in southeast Queensland.
Collins Foods Limited, which manages the remaining 11 Sizzler restaurants in Queensland as well as five others interstate and 69 franchised stores in Asia, announced it would close its Redcliffe store on August 20 as part of its “long term business planning”.
The company also manages KFC stores in Australia and plans to swap the Sizzler restaurant for the Redcliffe Peninsula's second KFC store. There is already a KFC store at Margate, about 2km away.
A Collins Foods spokesperson said the restaurant would trade as usual until its last day on Sunday, August 20, but was not able to provide an open date for KFC.
“The company is offering employment opportunities within its network for the Sizzler Redcliffe staff,” the spokesperson said, thanking the staff for their great service.
“We also want to thank the Redcliffe community who have embraced Sizzler locally over the last 26 years and we want to invite them to Sizzler Caboolture to continue enjoying the famous Sizzler Cheese Toast.”
The company would not provide a number of how many staff members would be affected but said staff had been advised of the change and would be supported with “outplacement assistance and have the opportunity to complete a job search program to assist with resume preparation and interview skills”.
It follows the closure of other Sizzler stores at Annerley earlier this month and the Toowong restaurant in 2016.
COLUMBUS, Ohio - Columbus motorists should expect several road closures and traffic backups Thursday due to several events occurring downtown.
President Obama will be in Columbus for the Ohio Democratic Party State Dinner Thursday evening and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will in town for a private event. The Columbus Blue Jackets have a home game Thursday night to add to the potential traffic problems downtown.
Details on these events and others in Columbus that may cause major delays Thursday:
Ohio Democratic Party State Dinner:
President Barack Obama will be attending the Ohio Democratic Party State dinner at the Greater Columbus Convention Center at High Street and Convention Center Drive. Doors are expected to open at 4:30 p.m. and the event starts at 6:30 p.m.
Air Force One is expected to land at the John Glenn Columbus International Airport Thursday around 6:50 p.m. For security reasons the Secret Service will not release the President's route, but our traffic team expects to see delays and rolling road closures on Interstate 670 westbound around that time.
Air Force One is expected to depart from the airport around 8:30 p.m. in the evening which means you'll probably start to see similar closures around 8 p.m.
Security considerations will also restrict traffic Thursday on Nationwide Boulevard and access to the Convention Center's east and west connector turnarounds.
Best Guess: If the President takes I-670 to the State Dinner, you'll want to think about taking Interstate 70 or Broad Street on your way home.
Columbus Blue Jackets:
Just around the corner from the Convention Center, the Columbus Blue Jackets will begin their season as they take on the Boston Bruins at 7pm at Nationwide Arena. In addition to the rolling road closures from the State Dinner on High Street, you will see additional delays on High Street and Nationwide Boulevard.
You'll want to leave early because we do anticipate very slow traffic in Downtown Columbus.
Parking: It's probably going to be hard to find a parking spot as well.
Reserve Arena District Parking: http://arenadistrictparking.clickandpark.com/
Downtown Parking Meter Map: https://www.columbus.gov/parkingmetermap.aspx
All American Quarter Horse Congress:
All American Quarter Horse Congress' Mercuria World Series of Cutting takes place at the Ohio Expo Center at 6 p.m. We do expect to see slow drive times on I-71 north and southbound near the 17th Street Exit as a result.
Think about taking SR-315 as an alternate to I-71.
You could also save time by taking Cleveland Avenue.
Motorists not attending these events are advised to avoid the Arena District and to consider alternate routes. Those attending the events should allow extra drive time.
Stay tuned to 10TV News & visit 10TV.com/traffic for live updates on driving conditions.
A former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has thrown their support behind a lawsuit against President Trump's ban on transgender troops.
“The military's prior considered judgment on this matter should not be disregarded, and we should not breach the faith of service members who defend our freedoms, including those who are transgender,” retired Adm. Michael Mullen wrote in a declaration in support of Lambda Legal and OutServe-SLDN's lawsuit.
Mullen was the highest-ranking officer in the military from 2007 to 2011. In that role, they oversaw the end of "don't ask, don't tell,” the repealed law that banned gay and lesbian soldiers from serving openly.
“Just as gay and lesbian soldiers should not have to lie about who they are to serve, nor should transgender soldiers,” they wrote in their declaration. “When I led our armed forces under DADT, I saw firsthand the harm to readiness and morale when we fail to treat all service members according to the same standards. There are thousands of transgender Americans currently serving, and there is no reason to single them out to exclude them or deny them the medical care that they require.”
In July, Trump tweeted that they would ban transgender people from serving in the military in any capacity.
They made good on the tweets in August, signing a presidential memo that prohibits the military from enlisting transgender people and from using funds to pay for gender transition-related surgery. The memo also gave Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE six months to determine what to do with currently serving transgender troops.
Days later, Mattis said they would establish a panel of experts to determine how to implement Trump's order, but currently serving transgender troops would be allowed to continue serving while the study is ongoing.
ADVERTISEMENT
OutServe and Lambda Legal are representing six current troops, three people who wish to enlist, the Human Rights Campaign, Seattle-based Gender Justice League and the American Military Partner Association.
Their lawsuit is one of four against the ban. The others are from the National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR) and GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and Equality California.
The NCLR and GLAD and the ACLU have asked for a preliminary injunction in their lawsuits.
In addition to getting Mullen's support, Outserve and Lambda Legal also filed a motion to immediately halt the ban with a preliminary injunction, arguing the policy is already doing harm.
“It is unacceptable to destroy the careers of patriotic and courageous members of the U.S. military,” Peter Perkowski, legal director for OutServe, said in a statement. “This ban must be stopped dead in its tracks before it goes any further so that these brave men and women can focus on their real jobs — protecting and serving the country they love.”
Phillip Stephens, a five-year member of the Navy who is one of the troops represented in the suit, added that Trump tweets “pulled the rug out from under” transgender troops.
“It is impossible to overstate how important it was when the Pentagon lifted the ban on open service, when I and other transgender service members were finally able to live and serve as our true and authentic selves,” Stephens said in a statement.
“To read those tweets, to have the rug pulled out from under us, to be branded unfit to serve was devastating, not just for me, but really for the U.S. military and military readiness as a whole.”
Oh lordy. You know how most singles columns are about cheerful things like space age electro-pop and how terrible the new Nicki Minaj track is? This one's not like that, although that new Nicki Minaj track is terrible.
This column is about Vampire Weekend's ‘Ya Hey' and my personal recollections from the days when I used to love Jesus.
Now I know what you're thinking...
‘I only come here for the YouTube playlist. Why didn't they just do a YouTube playlist and leave out the words altogether.'
This is a fair point and, although there is a large part of me that wishes I could have shoved the new Run The Jewels, Dark Bells and Spectrals songs together in a semi-coherent order, that would have been disingenuous. I cannot remember the last time I empathised with a song like I have with ‘Ya Hey' and explaining this connection requires me to impart some personal revelations.
I promise everything will be back to normal next week but, for now, here's the singles column. Make of it what you will.
Single of the Week
Vampire Weekend - Ya Hey (XL)
‘Ya Hey' is a song about God. Ya + Hey = Yaweh a.k.a. God.
God and myself used to be best buddies. They were omnipotent, omnipresent and remarkably understanding about my teenage impulses. I was shy, short-sighted and suffering from chronic acne. It was a match made in heaven.
Although God doesn't ask for much in return for your belief, their representatives on Earth can be quite demanding. They asked me to wear a silly dress every Sunday and hit a gong when it was time for everyone to drink their son's blood. They asked me to spend three days walking to Salisbury Cathedral as a physical metaphor of my love for him. Worst of all, they asked me to eat a Passover meal one Easter that consisted solely of unleavened bread and hummus. It was disgusting... like wash your mouth out afterwards disgusting.
Despite the whole Christianity thing being hugely time-consuming, pretty much everyone I met through the medium of Jesus was uniformly pleasant. My church's youth club meant I got to spend an improbable amount of time with real life girls, which was remarkable turn given my general levels of self-esteem. Plus, I've only ever seen a priest naked once and that was in the gym showers, so it really doesn't count.
Anyway, I think you get the gist by now. Me and God were tight, until I got sick. Sick to the extent that I was sat down in a disinfectant-riddled doctor's office and told there was a strong chance I wouldn't live to celebrate my 18th birthday.
Without wishing to trivialise the experience of anyone who is currently undergoing six courses of chemotherapy, it's an irredeemably shit treatment for a uniquely horrible illness. As well as ruining the big stuff you enjoy in life like football in the park and styling a Morrissey-esque quiff with your hair, it also ravages the small nuggets of everyday enjoyment.
For example, the pills you're prescribed as part of the ‘experience' transform your tongue into a glutinous ball of fuzz with an extremely faded sense of taste. To circumvent this side effect you tend to eat strongly-flavoured salty meat for almost every meal. In hindsight, I didn't really like wafer-thin ham in the first place but I've never forgiven cancer for placing my love of bacon under such intense scrutiny.
Although people's coping mechanisms for dealing with the illness vary dramatically, the most common reaction is some sort of anthropomorphism. In other words, you project human characteristics onto a collection of bastard cells and then ascribe these traits to the people surrounding you. This usually spells bad news for a patient's family as they get the brunt of a pent up rage that's sick of ham sandwiches, wearing an insanely itchy wooly hat and being stuck playing goalie.
I didn't lash out much at my family. I had God for that instead.
‘I'm a B grade student. Why didn't you give cancer to the boy who handed their coursework in late?'
‘I once went to church three times on 24 hours. Why didn't one of the people who only went twice get it?'
‘You promised me an eternal afterlife. Can't I just get three more years right now?'
If you've never bothered with religion, the concept of absolutely despising someone who doesn't exist must seem laughable. You can't be betrayed by an idea. You can't be embarrassed about dedicating your childhood to the 10 Commandments when underage boozing and shoplifting from the Woolworths pick ‘n' mix would have been a lot more fun.
Now vomiting is no longer an inevitable part of my morning routine, this all-consuming sense of shame has faded. I can go to church for Easter and Christmas on the basis that I just switch off from the moment I pick up the hymn booklet. Every now and then, I do reflect on the time I went to Jesus camp and issue an impromptu snort of derision.
This is probably why ‘Ya Hey' caught me completely off guard.
No offence to Vampire Weekend but making sense has never been their strong suit. “Sometimes I think I know what they [the songs] mean and I'm listening to the lyrics and then you go ‘Peter Gabriel too' or ‘Louis Vuitton' out of nowhere and then I'm lost,” deadpanned Steve Buscemi during a recent YouTube promo clip. Such is the abstract nature of Ezra Koenig's vocabulary that both times I've seen their band live, the crowd had a better time impersonating the tremolo guitar on ‘Mansard Roof' and ‘A-Punk' than singing along to lines like, “His Honor drove southwards seeking exotica.”
That's not to say there are no recurring motifs in Vampire Weekend's music. Over the course of their self-titled debut and Contra, they've made an artform out of privileged angst. From the kid who can't use an Oxford comma properly to the third-world backpacker whose “healthy sense of worth” compels them to tour a war-torn land, these former Ivy League students have frequently poked fun at naive rich kids with an empathetic tongue in cheek.
Most of this philosophising was done at an arm's length away from the source of these existential woes. Just as you rarely see armed militia clothed in V-neck sweaters, I'd always assumed Vampire Weekend were too savvy to step into the moral quagmire themselves. They've already had enough grief levelled at them for being the ‘acceptable face of world music', imagine the furore if they stopped for one second to write a song that's not about something seemingly frivillous like bonking your ‘Cousins'.
‘Ya Hey' is that song. Rather than dropping oblique reference points every third line, it sees Koenig adopt a magnificently blasphemous posture from start to finish.  They are talking to Jehovah/The Almighty/The Big Cheese as the representative of a world of non-believers and hardened cynics.  They are demanding to know, ‘When confronted with such global indifference and outright aggression, why you would not announce your existence with absolute certainty?'
Anyone who's lost faith in religion will have posed this question before. When all was well in my life, bar a series of facial eruptions to rival Mount Vesuvius, it didn't bother me that I'd never witnessed a shining white light and a voice booming with thespian wisdom. That would arrive in my hour of need, at a moment that required more than biblical vagaries like “I am that I am.”
The truly upsetting brilliance of ‘Ya Hey' is that it recognises this moment will never come. It's not in God's nature to announce themselves like that. Despite having created Zion, Babylon and the rest of world, they will watch it fall apart without staging an intervention. They will leave you strung out on a hospital bed, incandescent with fear and anger, regardless of what you might consequently think of him.
“Who could ever live that way?” ponders a disarmingly sympathetic Koenig.
Their God is human like mine but he's pitiful, not negligent; powerless not almighty. He's as feckless as I was after being hooked up to an intravenous drip and pumped full of toxins. Cursed to stare upon a vast expanse of suffering and hope that a pop band from New York City might express the caring sentiment he's personally unable to.
Strip away the theological context from ‘Ya Hey' and it's worth remembering that a pop song sits at its core. A righteous swirl of drums, bass, plaintive piano, shrill vocoder and gospel chanting. Of course, there's gospel chanting.
I wholeheartedly believe that this euphoric cocktail would amount to one of Vampire Weekend's best tracks, even if its transcendental vision was masked by tangential shout outs to luxury designer brands or ex-members of Genesis. Then again, if this was the case, I wouldn't have welled up the first time I heard the song. It wouldn't have dredged up so many long-forgotten memories and I wouldn't have felt this experience was all I could write about. Ultimately, it wouldn't have meant so much to me.
Thank you Vampire Weekend and thank you for reading.
Modern Vampires of the City is available to buy on 13th May from all good record stores
Also released this week...
Archie Bronson Outfit - I Was A Dead Duck (Speedy Wunderground) Anika - Anika EP (Stones Throw) Beware Of Darkness - Howl (Bright Antenna) Club 8 - I'm Not Gonna Grow Old (Labrador) Daniel James - The Stone and The Hollow (self-released) Dark Bells - Wildflower (Tape Club) Gabrielle Aplin - Panic Cord (Parlophone) Hopper Propelled Electric - Memphis Greens (Vander Wall Dairy) James Skelly & The Intenders - You've Got It All (Skeleton Key) Keys - Innocuous Beats (Sturm Und Drang) Levellers - The Recruiting Sergeant (On The Fiddle) Lund Quartet - Sequoia (A Future Without) Nicki Minaj - High School (Young Money) Peter Bruntnell - Played Out feat. Rumer (Loose Music) Revere - I Won't Blame You (Albino) Toyboy & Robin - Jaded (Cool Kid Music) Van Bot - When My Heart Breaks (Lisch) Young Rival - Two Reasons (Sonic Unyon)
Follow @robleedham
While the CIA oversees shadow drone wars in Pakistan and Yemen, and the U.S. military is responsible for the drone program in Afghanistan, new analysis released Friday from the U.K.'s Bureau of Investigative Journalism reveals that in Afghanistan one in five drone strikes is operated by a British pilot and British drones are in fact three times more likely to fire missiles in the beleaguered country than U.S. drones.
A release from the BIJ noted:
Yesterday [U.K.] defense minister Andrew Robathan announced that the UK has carried out 299 drone strikes in Afghanistan. This is the first time the UK government has announced the total number of strikes. The figures they released show that UK-piloted drone strikes have increased sixfold, from 14 strikes in 2008 to 92 in 2012.
Last year the US Air Force provided data to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism detailing International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) drone operations dating back to 2008.
The Bureau has been able to analyze the two datasets for the years 2008-2011 (the US Air Force's data only covered until October 31 2012). This reveals that British-piloted drones are significantly more likely to fire missiles on each sortie than US drones. UK pilots fired one or more missiles on 7 percent of sorties, while US drones fired missiles on 2 percent of sorties.
Update: Man fell about 25 feet
SEBEWAING TOWNSHIP, MI -- An 85-year-old man was killed when their zip line harness became unfastened and they fell to their death, the Huron County Sheriff's Department reports.
After 3 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 24, deputies were called to investigate the accident that happened about 1:30 p.m. at Bay Shore Camp, 450 N. Miller, in Sebewaing Township. That's about 30 miles northeast of Bay City.
The man, 85-year-old James J. McNeil of Belmont, was pronounced dead later at a hospital, police said.
A preliminary investigation, witness statements and video indicate that the zip line harness attached to McNeil came unfastened, causing them to fall and suffer fatal injuries.
Resuscitation efforts were attempted but the victim was later pronounced dead at Scheurer Hospital in Pigeon. An autopsy has been ordered by the Huron County Medical Examiner and this investigation will continue, police said.
Bay Shore Camp & Family Ministries is a Christian camp according to the camp's website.
The Sebewaing Ambulance Service and the Sebewaing Village Police assisted the sheriff's department.
-- Brad Devereaux is a public safety reporter for MLive/The Saginaw News. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
On some Tuesday or Friday in the coming months the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals will issue an opinion on network neutrality — the idea that ISPs can't discriminate on packets traversing their networks. Already many analysts are anticipating a whole or partial setback for the FCC-issued Open Internet Order that codifies the idea of net neutrality. So now, analysts have moved on to ask “What will Wheeler do?”
Tom Wheeler, is the man of the hour when it comes to the question of net neutrality. As a former lobbyist for both the cable and cellular industry they have had close ties to companies that would like to see the Open Internet Order overturned. Their statements on the topic have been vague when it comes to the need for an open internet, and so far they have given some truly worrisome answers about congestion or pricing models for the internet. From an interview in Variety (hat tip to Slate):
Advertisement
“I am a firm believer in the market. I think we're also going to see a two-sided market where Netflix might say, ‘Well, I'll pay to make sure that my subscriber receives the best possible transmission of this movie.' I think we want to let those kinds of things evolve, and we want to observe what happens from that and we want to make decisions accordingly. I go back to the fact that the marketplace is where these decisions ought to be made, and the functionality of a competitive marketplace dictates the degree of regulation.”
This scenario is exactly what network neutrality is supposed to prevent, although Wheeler's quote is actually a response to a question about the need for usage-based broadband pricing. Wheeler later clarified their stance on open networks claiming that they support the FCC's order. A few weeks back during an introductory briefing, I asked Wheeler how they might respond if the court determined the FCC didn't have the authority to implement network neutrality rules and they gave the same generic response that they have so far given — namely that he's in favor of competitive networks that keep the users and network providers in mind. I bet they also like puppies.
But now, as the courts are presumably nearing an opinion the question is what will Wheeler do. Part of this will depend on what the court decides, but the options are pretty much appeal or ask lawmakers for some legislative as opposed to regulatory solution. While some legislators are angling to reopen legislation on the telecommunications industry, that's a long process. As for an appeal, we're back to that WWWD question.
As for what's at stake, here's a Stifel Nicolaus analysis:
Although the court could still surprise, the above scenario would be a victory for Verizon, whose counsel said the company would be pursuing paid prioritization deals but for the Open Internet rules, which discourage discriminatory fixed broadband treatment of legal Internet services, applications, content, and non-harmful devices, subject to reasonable network management. We believe Verizon and other telco and cable providers could gain new latitude to seek new premium deals with Internet edge/content companies. We note Comcast (CMCSA) will remain bound by the rules and related provisions under NBCU merger conditions until 2018 even if the FCC loses. We believe the impact on Internet edge/content companies (e.g., NFLX, GOOG, AMZN, DIS, CBS, FOXA) would be particularly complex, given individual business plans and broader market ripple effects. We believe some might actually view the ruling as an opportunity to strike broadband deals that improve their service or customers' experience, if so, and they're successful, others might feel pressure to do likewise, giving the telco/cable broadband providers leverage, including potentially in broadcast retransmission-consent negotiations.
That would be a brave new world for the internet, although one we might be heading toward anyhow, as more businesses and services rely on these pipes. Silicon Valley should be paying more attention to this issue, given that what's at stake here could be a slow and sustained chipping away at their business model (and underlying ethos) by a very patient and legislatively savvy communications industry.
Those applications and services built by Silicon Valley companies are not divorced from the underlying infrastructure, much like all the corporate campuses aren't divorced from the people and infrastructure surrounding them. And the people who control the infrastructure are the ones who will ultimately win.
The Stuxnet computer virus, created to sabotage Iran's nuclear programme, was the result of collaboration between at least one Western power and the Israeli secret service, a British cybersecurity expert has found.
Tom Parker, a US-based security researcher who specialises in tracing cyberattacks, has spent months analysing the Stuxnet code and has found evidence that the virus was created by two separate organisations. The hard forensic evidence supports the reported claims of intelligence sources that it was a joint, two step operation.
"It was most likely developed by a Western power, and they most likely provided it to a secondary power which completed the effort," they told The Daily Telegraph.
The malicious software, first detected in June last year, was almost certainly designed to make damaging, surreptitious adjustments to the centrifuges used at Natanz, Iran's uranium enrichment site. While they downplayed its impact, the Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has confirmed Stuxnet set back their nuclear ambitions.
Separate investigations by US nuclear experts have discovered that Stuxnet worked by increasing the speed of uranium centrifuges to breaking point for short periods. At the same time it shut off safety monitoring systems, hoodwinking operators that all was normal.
Mr Parker found that this part of the attack must have been conceived by "some very talented individuals", and the other by a less talented, or more rushed, group of developers.
The element written by the first group, which was activated after Stuxnet reached its target and is known as the "payload", is very complex, well designed and effective, according to Mr Parker's analysis. They believe this is evidence of the involvment of a major Western power or powers - potentially including Britain - because they have both the scarce cyber expertise, and access to the tightly-regulated nuclear equipment necessary to test the virus.
In contrast, the way Stuxnet was distributed and its "command and control" features, which allow it to be remotely altered, include many errors and are poorly protected from surveillance.
"It's a bit like spending billions on a space shuttle and then launching it using the remote control from a £15 toy car," said Mr Parker.
Their criticisms of Stuxnet's distribution mechanism, presented this week at the Black Hat computer security conference in Washington DC, are supported by other experts, including Nate Lawson, a computer encryption consultant.
"Either the authors did not care if the payload was discovered by the general public, they weren't aware of these techniques, or they had other limitations, such as time," said Mr Lawson.
However, the apparently cheap wrapping of an expensive package points to Israel as the distributing power, said Mr Parker.
Each of the two stages of the Stuxnet operation demanded different resources to succeed. Stuxnet's distributors may not have had the elite software engineering abilities of those responsible for the payload, but according to President Ahmadinejad, they hit their target.
Ensuring the virus reached Natanz would have required secret cooperation inside the Iranian nuclear programme, a field of state espionage in which Israel's Mossad agency is acknowledged as unrivalled. Last week Iran claimed to have destroyed a network of 10 spies "linked to the Zionist regime", a sign, at least, of the threat the regime feels from Israeli spies.
Furthermore, Mr Parker's finding that two apparently discrete clandestine teams, each with different resources, were responsible for Stuxnet is consistent with a report in the New York Times last week, which cited unnamed intelligence officials who said the virus was created using American knowledge of the relevant equipment and completed by Israel.
Professor Peter Sommer, a computer forensics expert the London School of Economics and Political Science, said the Stuxnet attack's complexity in both the digital and physical realms was very impressive. However, they added that the virus itself heralds only an evolutionary stage in the cybersecurity threats nations that will face in future.
"We should see this as another type of tool in statecraft," Professor Sommer, who advises the OECD on cybersecurity, said.
Mr Parker agreed. "If you think Stuxnet is revolutionary then you slept through the revolution," they said.
Inspiring Quotes from Harry Potter
By General Contributor -
Children's literature is often full of great insight and inspiration. The writings of J. K Rowling have a great deal of emotional depth below the surface of the story of Harry Potter. Here are some of the more inspiring quotes from the series, mostly spoken by Professor Albus Dumbledore.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone)
‘It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone)
‘It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets)
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban)
‘The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban)
If you want to know what a mans like, take a good look at how they treat their inferiors, not their equals. — Sirius Black (Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire)
‘You place too much importance… on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire)
‘Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix)
‘We must try not to sink beneath our anguish, Harry, but battle on.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince)
‘It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.' — Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince)
Yasiel Puig hit .436 in their first month in the majors, the highest batting average of any player in June. They also hit .500 on balls in play, which is certainly unsustainable over a full season. Put it this way: A little luck has to go into hitting .400, even in a calendar month, or we'd have more players routinely hitting that mark. Since 2010, there have been only 19 instances of a player hitting .400 for a calendar month (minimum 100 plate appearances), so it happens, on average, about once a month (19 times in 21 months).
But how lucky was Puig? ESPN Stats and Info keeps track of "well-hit" average, the percentage of at-bats ending with a hard-hit ball, based on video review of every at-bat. Puig's well-hit average in June? A mere .188, which ranked 78th in the majors, below Luis Valbuena's .190. Luis Valbuena hit .190 in June, which is not the same as hitting .436.
Now, well-hit average admittedly contains subjective analysis; and well-hit averages are generally lower than regular batting average -- Miguel Cabrera and Andrew McCutchen, for example, were the only players with a well-hit average above .300 in June.
Mark Simon tells me that only 7-8 percent of groundballs are classified as well-hit, and Puig does hit a lot of groundballs; their groundball percentage of balls in play was 54 percent, 25th-highest in June. With the exception of Mark Trumbo, most players with similar rates wouldn't be classified as power hitters.
So what gives? I had to look at each of Puig's 44 hits to see what was going on. Listed first is the description from our tracking system followed by my commentary after watching each hit.
In their Major League debut Yaisel Puig hit two singles against the Padres. Jayne Kamin-Oncea/USA TODAY Sports
1. 2-2 -- Fly ball single on a 77 mph changeup -- low
-- Soft dunk into left-center field.
2. 0-1 -- Ground ball single on an 88 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Two-hopper off the glove of first baseman Kyle Blanks; play should have been made.
3. 1-0 -- Line drive double on a 92 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Liner into the right-field corner. Nice piece of hitting on an outside pitch.
4. 0-0 -- Fly ball home run (443 ft) on an 85 mph changeup -- over the plate
-- Crushed to left-center. Vin Scully: "Havana, Cuba has arrived." (Listening to Vin describe most of these hits was worth the time just by itself.)
5. 1-0 -- Fly ball home run (379 ft) on a 94 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Took Tyson Ross to the opposite field.
6. 0-1 -- Ground ball single on an 89 mph sinker -- over the plate
-- Single into left field.
7. 0-0 -- Fly ball home run (401 ft) on an 81 mph slider -- over the plate
-- Grand slam homer off Cory Gearrin to right-center on a pitch left in the middle of the plate.
8. 0-1 -- Fly ball home run (385 ft) on a 72 mph curveball -- over the plate
-- Big, slow curve from Paul Maholm that Puig hit out to left. Love the reaction from Maholm shaking their head, half-smiling. A look, just a few games into Puig's career, of: How do we get this guy out?
9. 1-1 -- Line-drive single on a 90 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Low liner to right field.
10. 3-2 -- Ground ball single on a 95 mph fastball –- outside
-- High chopper over the pitcher's head, Puig beats the throw from second baseman Dan Uggla. A speed hit.
11. 0-0 -- Line-drive single on a 91 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Flare into left-center. Braves outfielders playing Puig very deep. Balls usually fall in when outfielders are playing that deep.
12. 1-0 -- Line-drive double on a 93 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Liner into right-center. The Braves had no idea what to throw them at this point.
13. 1-2 -- Line-drive single on a 96 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- With Uggla shifted way over towards second base, a nice stroke to send a low liner into right.
14. 1-0 -- Ground ball single on a 92 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Hard grounder into right field.
15. 0-0 -- Line-drive single on an 82 mph slider –- inside
-- Medium-soft liner into shallow left. Another first-pitch hit. In their first 19 at-bats, Puig swung at the first pitch 10 times. For the month, 15 of their 44 hits would come on the first pitch. On the season, Robinson Cano has the most first-pitch hits at 29.
16. 0-0 -- Line-drive single on a 91 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Jammed a little on the pitch, but Puig was strong enough to send a medium-soft liner just over the second baseman's head. Puig stands well off the plate, which is why we're seeing a lot of pitches over the middle of the plate driven to right field. It reminds me of what Mike Schmidt once said about their approach to hitting. "I can step into any pitch and not get handcuffed by an inside strike. I can still reach anything on the outside corner and hit it hard to the opposite field. Middle of the plate and in, I can go long ball."
17. 0-0 -- Line-drive single on an 82 mph curveball -- over the plate
-- Ripped into left field.
18. 0-0 -- Bunt grounder single on an 88 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Bunt single to second base. Beautiful.
19. 0-0 -- Ground ball single on a 93 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- High chopper over third baseman's head for an infield hit. Pedro Alvarez was playing in, probably due to the bunt earlier in the game. Another first-pitch hit.
20. 1-0 -- Ground ball single on an 81 mph slider -- over the plate
-- Hard grounder between third base and shortstop.
21. 1-2 -- Ground ball single on a 97 mph fastball -- inside
-- Jammed on a Gerrit Cole fastball, but hit enough up the middle to sneak off the shortstop's glove. (Wouldn't have thrown them out anyway.)
22. 0-0 -- Ground ball single on a 97 mph fastball -- inside
-- High chopper over Alvarez to the shortstop who can't get the lead runner at second. Infield hit.
23. 3-1 -- Line-drive single on a 98 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Smoked liner into center field.
24. 3-1 -- Ground ball single on a 93 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Medium-hard grounder over second-base bag, Puig thrown out trying to stretch into a double. I mean, mere mortals don't even try to stretch that hit, and Puig almost made it.
25. 1-0 -- Ground ball double on a 93 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Grounder two steps past the shortstop, but Brett Gardner again playing so deep and shaded to right that Puig stretches it into a double. While down four runs, by the way. Probably not a smart play, but it sure is exciting to watch.
26. 0-0 -- Bunt grounder single on a 93 mph fastball -- inside
-- Another bunt hit, this time down the third-base line.
Yaisel Puig's home run off reliever Adam Warren was their fifth of the season. Brad Penner/USA TODAY Sports
27. 0-0 -- Fly ball home run (348 ft) on an 83 mph slider -- over the plate
-- A hanging slider from Adam Warren that Puig deposited a few rows deep into the Yankee Stadium right-field stands.
28. 0-0 -- Line-drive home run (408 ft) on an 88 mph sinker -- over the plate
-- A high, inside fastball from Jason Marquis. If it was a sinker, it didn't sink, and Puig just muscled it out to center field.
29. 1-2 -- Ground ball single on a 92 mph fastball -- inside
-- Slow grounder through the hole and into left field.
30. 0-0 -- Ground ball single on an 82 mph slider -- over the plate
-- Chopper to shortstop who doesn't charge the ball well, and Puig beats the throw.
31. 0-1 -- Ground ball single on a 93 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Topped to third base, Chase Headley's throw pulls the first baseman off the bag. Puig given a hit, but a good throw gets him.
32. 1-1 -- Line-drive home run (361 ft) on an 87 mph changeup -- over the plate
-- Madison Bumgarner changeup right on the outside corner that Puig lofts down the right-field line. Estimate of 361 feet seems pretty generous considering it wasn't far from the foul pole and only a few rows deep.
33. 1-2 -- Ground ball single on a 94 mph fastball -- over the plate
-- Another pretty good pitch from Bumgarner, but Puig shoots it past Brandon Belt for a base hit to right.
34. 1-0 -- Ground ball single on an 84 mph slider -- over the plate
-- With the infield pulled in, lines a single past the diving shortstop, but I think the ball is in the hole even if the infield is back.
35. 1-0 -- Ground ball double on an 87 mph changeup -- inside
-- Pulled over the third-base bag.
36. 0-0 -- Ground ball single on an 85 mph changeup -- inside
-- Bounced past Pablo Sandoval into left field, but thrown out at second by about 20 feet trying to stretch the hit into a double.
37. 1-0 -- Fly ball single on a 92 mph fastball -- inside
-- Broken-bat blooper just over the second baseman's head.
38. 0-2 -- Ground ball single on an 85 mph slider -- outside
-- Puig pulls the outside slider past Jimmy Rollins into left field.
39. 1-0 -- Line-drive single on an 84 mph changeup -- over the plate
-- Lined off the wall in right field, but Puig does NOT try to stretch into a double.
40. 1-1 -- Line-drive single on an 88 mph cutter -- over the plate
-- Bullet into center field.
41. 1-0 -- Ground ball single on an 89 mph sinker -- over the plate
-- Two-hopper off the glove of Michael Young. Play could have been made.
42. 0-0 -- Ground ball single on an 89 mph sinker -- inside
-- Similar play; softly hit chopper pulled down the third-base line that Young can't handle. Manny Machado makes the play.
43. 1-1 -- Fly ball triple on an 81 mph changeup -- over the plate
-- High flare down the right-field line that Delmon Young can't ... quite ... get ... to.
44. 1-1 -- Line-drive double on a 94 mph sinker -- over the plate
-- Lined just to the right of the first baseman, but Puig easily hustles into second for a double even though the ball doesn't get to the wall.
* * * *
OK, Puig looks pretty awesome to me. Of course, I just watched 44 consecutive hits. Of the 44 hits, six are classified as infield hits (I would count seven) and two were bunt singles. Two of the infield singles were pure speed hits, two probably should have been ruled errors, the two Young plays were either/or and the last one was a weak bouncer in the right place. They did have a few flares fall in, but not as many as I would have expected. When I did a similar look at Jose Iglesias, you could see a guy hitting with good luck -- weak bloopers, weak grounders hit in the right spot and so on.
The one thing Puig hasn't done is pull the ball with authority, other than their two home runs to left field. They haven't had one hard-hit double, for example, to left field or left-center. Of their five doubles, two were hustle doubles, one was a grounder over the third-base bag and the other two were lined down the right-field line.
The tricky part about pitching to Puig is that this would suggest you try and pitch them inside; but, as with Schmidt, Puig stands off the plate so it's difficult to tie them up. Plus, considering Puig had the seventh-highest swing percentage in June (and the sixth-highest "chase" percentage on pitches outside the zone), pitchers also want to try and get them to chase those offspeed pitches off the plate.
For now, that still seems like the right approach, even if it hasn't worked so far. Puig is 20-for-41 when they hit a groundball. Compare that nearly .500 average to Miguel Cabrera -- who, while lacking Puig's speed, is known to hit the ball hard and is hitting .314 on groundballs. (The MLB average is .237 on grounders.)
Still, this is just one month. The pitchers will adjust; Puig is still learning and he'll adjust.
I can't wait to see what happens in July.
Search Gallery Patches Legend of Zelda Link Patch Rae-Lynn 15 Lulus Cupcake Patch Rae-Lynn 3 Advertisement Advertisement Pichu Gasp Rae-Lynn 3 Derpy Sleeping Rae-Lynn 6 Rarity Patch Rae-Lynn 37 Pokémon Badges as Patches Rae-Lynn 19 Mystery Machine Patch Rae-Lynn 10 Pinkie Is Happy Rae-Lynn 44 Applebucking Applejack Rae-Lynn 34 Fluttershy Yay Patch Rae-Lynn 37 Czar Patch Rae-Lynn 0 Sailor Moon Silhouette Patch Rae-Lynn 25 Sailor Chibi Moon Prism Heart Compact Rae-Lynn 25 Theta Alpha Lambda Owl Patch Rae-Lynn 2 MTG Red Mana Merit Badge/Patch (In Purple) Rae-Lynn 5 Sailor Moon Crystal Star Compact Patch Rae-Lynn 30 Derpy Hooves Patch Rae-Lynn 37 Doctor Who is a Logo Patch Rae-Lynn 20 Team Discord Rae-Lynn 32 Sabrinas Haunterr Patch Rae-Lynn 3 Gengar Patch Rae-Lynn 9 Boo Patch Rae-Lynn 12 Vinyl Scratch Merit Badge Rae-Lynn 25 Rarity Merit Badge Rae-Lynn 11
Inspired by an unwelcome speeding ticket in their mailbox, Benjamin Lavin came with a novel solution to keep their driving in check and avoid the flash of the photo radar camera.
The Edmonton university student created Photo Radar App for smartphones.
Relying on public city data, the new app tracks current photo radar locations and notifies drivers when they're approaching a camera location.
When a driver comes within a few hundred metres of a photo radar or red light camera location, the app emits a loud warning sound.
Designed with 'safe driving in mind'
The app is available free through the App Store and Google Play.
"The app picks up photo radar locations and red light camera locations from various city websites and puts them all onto a map for you," Lavin said in an interview with CBC Radio's Edmonton AM. "And then, as you're driving around, it will alert you with a nice, loud, audible alert if you're coming up to camera.
"I wanted to design the app with safe driving in mind, so the idea is that you have the app running in the background, you don't have to look at it and you're good to go."
Lavin is a computing science student at the University of Alberta. They started working on the app after the city began making photo enforcement locations public last summer.
"It was just a personal challenge that I set out for myself to take this information and put it into a more usable format for people," Lavin said.
"Really what the app is doing is taking that [information] and putting it into a more usable format for people."
What started as a fun personal challenge has become a booming enterprise. The app has expanded from Edmonton to most major cities across Alberta, and will soon make the move into B.C. The app has been downloaded more than 47,000 times.
"It started with Edmonton but I got lots of requests of people throughout the country, asking if I could expand the app to their city," they said.
Lavin said the app has made them a bit of a folk hero in Edmonton, where there is a big contingent of drivers vehemently opposed to photo radar enforcement.
Lavin hopes the app makes local roads a little safer, and maybe helps put the brakes on the growing frustration over photo-radar traps.
"I'm aware that it's a pretty big problem and hopefully this helps a little bit.
"I get lots of emails every day from people thanking me for making it, and saying that it really helps them."
Listen to Edmonton AM with host Mark Connolly, weekday mornings at CBC Radio One, 93.9 FM in Edmonton. Follow the morning crew on Twitter @EdmAMCBC.
Kopitar contract to be done “shortly,” via hockey ops
The Los Angeles Kings are close to finalizing a contract extension with center Anze Kopitar, with one source in hockey operations telling LA Kings Insider that “it will be done shortly.”
According to TSN's Bob McKenzie, the contract will be for eight years at $10-million per.
Anze Kopitar's 8-year, $80M ($10M AAV) contract with LAK is, finally, in final stages of paperwork. So not officially "done" but very close. — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) January 13, 2016
Usually, in period of time when contract is getting "papered" nothing happens to jeopardize it, but Kopi deal has been drawn out/difficult. — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) January 13, 2016
Hence the emphasis, for now, on "not done" just yet. — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) January 13, 2016
And, via ESPN's Craig Custance, the finalization of the contract is tied to a particular detail.
Final touches on Kopitar contract include details of NMC, still being worked out. — Craig Custance (@CraigCustance) January 13, 2016
While the AAV is a touch higher than had previously been targeted, this is all coming as expected, and as had been noted on this site and in my appearances on radio and television, January was the expected month that the contract would be wrapped up, even if the contract hasn't yet been finalized as of this writing. Though there appeared to have been a hiccup in negotiations earlier this week, there was apparently progress made in the last 24 hours, according to TSN's Darren Dreger, who noted on Twitter that “something changed last night.”
I've also noted in media hits that should the Kings want to extend Milan Lucic in addition to Kopitar, Los Angeles will have to shed one of its larger contracts. That's more likely to be a June move than a January or February move, however.
Should the Kopitar deal be finalized, I'll update the team's financials on this site. Here's a preview:
Using current roster, Kopitar at 8 yrs $10M AAV would put #Kings at estimated $64.26M with 18 players under contract https://t.co/Wh0Gkh8ww4 — General Fanager (@generalfanager) January 13, 2016
In addition to Lucic and Kopitar, Luke Schenn, Trevor Lewis, Christian Ehrhoff, Jamie McBain and Jhonas Enroth are currently eligible to become free agents on July 1, while Brayden McNabb and Derek Forbort are due to become restricted free agents.
More to come as it develops…
The Seattle Seahawks, No. 1 in our NFL Elo ratings since the start of the season, have relinquished that position after losing 30-23 at home against the Dallas Cowboys. The new Elo No. 1 probably won't cause much controversy: It's the Denver Broncos, who are also the betting favorite to win the Super Bowl and the top-rated team in ESPN's panel of experts. But after that, there's more disagreement. Should Dallas — now 5-1 and having won against Seattle head-to-head — rank ahead of the 3-2 Seahawks?
The experts panel thinks so: It now has Dallas at No. 3 and Seattle at No. 5. But betting odds still prefer Seattle. The prices at Betfair imply Seattle has a 13 percent chance of winning the Super Bowl; Dallas is at 6 percent.
Elo's answer somewhat splits the difference. It still has the Seahawks ranked about 50 Elo points higher than Dallas, which translates to Seattle being 2-point favorites in a game played on a neutral field. The gap has closed: At the start of the season, Elo would have had the Seahawks favored by a touchdown in a neutral-site game. However, Elo ratings take past seasons into account. In the system's estimation, Seattle's accomplishments from last year still matter enough to outweigh what the Cowboys have done so far this year.
But the Cowboys' strong start does count for a lot. Because of it, they project to 11.5 wins on the season, as compared with 10 wins for Seattle. Dallas also plays in the easier division and otherwise has the easier schedule, having survived some of its tougher games.
In fact, the Seahawks are at risk of missing the playoffs entirely. In part because San Francisco (No. 3 overall in the Elo ratings) and Arizona (No. 7) also play in the NFC West, Seattle made the postseason only 60 percent of the time in this week's simulations. Dallas, conversely, made the playoffs 82 percent of the time. Seattle is more likely to win the Super Bowl conditional upon making the playoffs. But since Dallas is more likely to make the playoffs in the first place, the teams' overall Super Bowl chances are about the same according to Elo: 9 percent for the Seahawks and 8 percent for the Cowboys.
Here are the playoff odds for the those two, and the other 30 NFL teams:
The AFC playoff picture has become surprisingly clear. The most likely teams to earn the conference's six playoff slots are Denver (86 percent), Indianapolis (also 86 percent — there's no one to beat them in the AFC South), New England (84 percent), San Diego (81 percent), Cincinnati (67 percent) and Baltimore (66 percent). Then there's a big drop-off to the next tier of teams — led by Pittsburgh and Kansas City — none of whom is higher than 27 percent.
The NFC's playoff hunt is more crowded. The asupervisorstioned Cowboys, at 82 percent, are the safest bet to make the postseason. But then there's a glut of seven teams — San Francisco, Seattle, Arizona, Philadelphia, Green Bay, Detroit and Carolina — all between 53 percent and 65 percent. At least two of those teams won't make it, unless they knock Dallas out.
This leaves some perfectly decent football teams facing long odds. The Chicago Bears have just a 26 percent chance to make the playoffs. The New York Giants are at 13 percent (and that's without accounting for the injury to Victor Cruz). New Orleans has a 30 percent chance of overtaking Carolina to win the NFC South, but in our simulations the Saints made the playoffs as a wild card team only 4 percent of the time.
It isn't very hard for a team with league-average talent like Chicago to back into a 10-6 or 9-7 record. However, the problem isn't just the number of good teams in the league — the number of really bad ones is also causing issues. The Oakland Raiders, Jacksonville Jaguars, Washington Redskins, New York Jets and Tampa Bay Buccaneers project to a combined record of just 18-62. That's a lot of extra wins distributed to the other teams in the league. In our simulations, 9-7 teams are reaching the playoffs only 29 percent of the time — much lower than the historical average of 51 percent. Nor is a 10-6 record as safe as usual; those teams are missing the playoffs 25 percent of the time.
Tie for the win
What about a record of, say, 10-5-1? Both the Carolina Panthers and Cincinnati Bengals now have a tie on their resumes, having drawn 37-37 last weekend in Cincinnati (this was the highest-scoring tie in NFL history, incidentally). This is the third tied game in as many seasons since the NFL changed its overtime rules before the 2012 season; two of those games would not have been ties under the previous rules.
Fans and coaches seem to hate ties — but as soccer fans know, there are some circumstances when ties can play to the teams' mutual advantage. The Panthers' playoff odds increased to 64 percent from 59 percent after the tie. The Bengals' were unaffected, remaining at 67 percent, despite the best competition in their division, the Ravens, having won.
The geeky explanation for this is that teams in a strong position — both Cincinnati and Carolina were favorites to make the playoffs before the game — would prefer to avoid variance. Imagine your team starts its season 7-1; such teams make the playoffs 95 percent of the time. Would you take the option of drawing your eight remaining games — finishing the season with the awkward-looking record of 7-1-8 — instead of playing out the string? If your sole concern is making the playoffs, the math says you actually should. A 7-1-8 record is equivalent to a 11-5 record the way that the NFL scores these things, and 11-5 teams make the playoffs 98 percent of the time.
Indeed, there are some oddball scenarios where teams would have an even stronger incentive to play for the tie. Say the Bills and the Patriots are tied atop the AFC East at 9-6 (with the Dolphins and Jets well behind) and playing the last game of the NFL season on Sunday night in Week 17. Let's say they know a 10-5 or 9-6-1 record would be good enough to earn a wild card, while 9-7 would not be. A tie gets both teams in (one as division champion and one as the wild card) while any other result knocks the loser out. You think Bill Belichick wouldn't find a way to win tie?
Elo point spreads
The Elo point spreads are recovering after an awful start. They went 8-5 against Vegas lines in Week 6 (sitting out two games where they exactly matched the Vegas spread) and are 41-43-3 on the year. Elo's straight-up record of picking winners is 64-26-1 on the year (10-4-1 in Week 6) or a 71 percent winning percentage. That probably reflects some good luck; historically, Elo ratings have picked the right winner about 65 percent of the time. Either way, we don't recommend that you actually place bets on these.
One of the games we highlighted last week was Arizona against Washington; I thought it was hard to explain how Vegas had the Cardinals favored by only a field goal at home. Indeed, the line expanded to 5 points to 5.5 points by game time. The Cardinals covered the spread, although barely, on an interception return with 18 seconds left (Rashad Johnson should probably have kneeled the ball) to win by 10 points instead of 3.
There are again some big discrepancies involving the Cardinals and the Redskins this week. Elo has Arizona favored by 9 points on the road against Oakland, while Vegas has the Cardinals as just 3.5-point favorites. And Vegas has Washington favored by 6 points at home against Tennessee, while Elo has the Titans as (very slight) outright favorites.
In a game that may be of interest to people aside from degenerate gamblers, the Broncos will host the 49ers on Sunday night. Elo, despite having Denver at No. 1 overall, is not quite as high on the Broncos as betting markets (it has the Broncos with a 13 percent chance of winning the Super Bowl versus 19 percent for betting lines). So Elo would take San Francisco and the points.
The Imaginary Friends That Are Never Left Behind
A community is creating companions through meditation
Erin Stewart Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 14, 2016
By Erin Stewart
Alex is a six-foot-tall young woman with vibrant red hair living in a small town in England. She's a vegetarian and an extroverted tomboy who loves to travel. They spend most of their time with their close friend Harrison. They share secrets and plan for the future.
The only thing is: Alex isn't exactly real.
Alex has only existed since October of 2015. And even now, you can't see them
Alex is Harrison's tulpa, or an imaginary friend created through intense meditation. Harrison, a 22-year-old software developer, is very real; and with their self-created Alex they are never alone. There's a growing community of people just like Harrison, who manifest similar companions.
Tulpas live within the bodies of their creators, but can interact with them as though they're separate people
Harrison was poking around the online forum Reddit one day when they discovered the “tulpamancy” community, or people who are the hosts of tulpas. Tulpas live within the bodies of their creators, but can interact with them as though they're separate people. Harrison was fascinated — and doubtful — about the concept. “If researchers can't give me a quick answer to things like this, then I'll test on myself to see what's happening,” says Harrison (who asked to identify only by their first name).
To start the experiment of developing a tulpa, Harrison consulted online how-to guides and learned to meditate. At first, they just focused on tuning out distractions. Then it became a practice of meditating on the creation of their female tulpa, or “Alex.” They imagined Alex's personality, looks, and, what they might say in certain situations. “I literally sat down every day for over a month and spoke to nothingness, awaiting a response,” Harrison explains.
Tulpa literally means “thought form” — the term comes from Tibetan Buddhism. According to some ancient Buddhist texts, being able to envision something completely outside yourself is considered one of the highest forms of enlightenment. Yet, tulpamancy is distinct from Buddhist practice. Tulpamancers don't collectively hold any specific spiritual beliefs. Moreover, a Buddhist thought form will take on different manifestations — it may conjure colors or project one's own body to communicate with a person far away. But for people like Harrison tulpas are fully realized, lasting identities created through thought.
A tulpa has their or their own opinions, feelings, and ambitions, which may differ from their or their host. Harrison says that Alex, for instance, doesn't agree with eating meat. Harrison, meanwhile, could not give up bacon.
Eventually, Alex became vivid in Harrison's mind, and they say they have been slowly developing the ability to hear, see, and feel them “I don't feel like I'm ever alone, ever,” Harrison observes. “It's not quite the same as being with another human being, but it's fairly close.” When I spoke to England-based Harrison, on an audio-only Skype call, they told me that without seeing me, I seemed as real to them as Alex.
Over time, with practice, some people say they are even able to guide their tulpa to temporarily take over their body so they can directly experience the external world. Tulpamancers gradually train themselves to completely dissociate from their bodies and allow their tulpa to take charge through meditation. The tulpamancy community explains that after a lot of practice the “switch” becomes quicker, requiring less mental preparation.
There's little research in this area but a growing network of the tulpamancy community congregates on Reddit and other websites, which is where Samuel Veissiere found them. Veissiere is a visiting professor in the Culture, Mind and Brain program at McGill University, and they have undertaken preliminary research on Tulpamancy through “online ethnography,” tracking the members of the tulpamancy's online communities. According to Veissiere, tulpamancers are predominantly male (75 percent) and a proportion (around 10 percent) of individuals identify as genderfluid or nonbinary. They are typically between 19 and 23 years old, middle-class, and from the USA, Canada, the UK, Australia, Western Europe, and Russia. They say they tend to be shy and intelligent.
Tulpas can't be clinically defined as a hallucination, because people choose to create them. Clinically, a hallucination must be involuntary. It is like Dissociative Identity Disorder (commonly referred to as “multiple personalities”) in the sense that the multiple identities inhabit the same body. However, tulpamancers, or the hosts of tulpas, do not report memory issues or a sense of disturbance characteristic of that condition.
According to Tulpa.info, a website which is dedicated to helping people understand and create tulpas, one of the primary benefits of tulpamancy is companionship. However, tulpamancers often feel stigmatized. One tulpamancer writes on their blog that the world is dismissive of people who report seeing or hearing people who cannot be perceived by others. Plurality is dismissed as “inherently insane, unhealthy, and unstable.”
Some organizations such as The Hearing Voices Network have been founded to provide support for people who hallucinate or have other atypical imagination experiences. They argue that hearing voices should not automatically lead to pathologizing someone with schizophrenia. In some cases, the website says, these auditory hallucinations “are similar to dreams, symbols of our unconscious minds.”
Veissiere's study found that people who had been previously diagnosed with a mental illness reported that tulpamancy helped ease their condition. One survey respondent, running late for class and underdressed for the cold, even reported a sudden sensation of warmth when their tulpa took their coat off and placed it on their shoulders.
Alex helps Harrison just like a close friend would. They keep them company and encourages them to move beyond their comfort zone. Harrison even reports being more thoughtful as a result of tulpamancy. They explain that he's also more likely to notice when strangers need help. After the creation of Alex, Harrison has found themselves partaking in subtle acts of kindness: walking with a woman and their baby in the rain so they can take refuge under their umbrella, buying food for a homeless man, or carrying an elderly woman's groceries.
While small, these incidents hold huge significance for Harrison. “The peace that creating Alex has brought in me is making other people smile.”
Erin Stewart is an Australian writer living in the U.K. Them work has been published by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Fairfax Media, and a number of other literary journals.
Over Presidents' Day weekend, the Media Research Center put up five massive billboards footsteps away from Times Square. The ad buy, worth 230,000, is the largest in their 26-year history, and will generate 1.4 million “eyes on impressions” during the several weeks the billboards will be towering over the intersection.
All five billboards direct viewers to StopCensoringTheNews.org, where they can sign a petition demanding the national news media stop spiking stories that might hurt the Obama Administration or slow down Obama's agenda.MRC President Brent Bozell: “During the 2012 election, the liberal media moved beyond bias. They actively and repeatedly censored any story that could have jeopardized Barack Obama's re-election. Now in 2013, they're censoring any story that could slow their administration's second term agenda. Their behavior is as disgraceful as it is unprecedented. These billboards – located in the hub of the liberal media's nerve center – put them on notice. The American people are sick and tired of the establishment media's collusion with the Obama Administration, and won't stand for a corrupt press willing to censor the news.
Some of us are also sick of establishment Republicans allowing themselves to get rolled by treacherous libs over and over and over again.
To wit: Duh!… Former RNC Chair Says it Was Mistake to Use Lib Crank Candy Crowley as Debate Moderator:
The geniuses at the Republican Party continue to impress.
Frank Fahrenkopf, a co-chair of the Commission on Presidential Debates, and former chairperson of the RNC, admitted this week that using liberal crank Candy Crowley as a debate moderator was a mistake.
Thank you Captain Obvious. Next time, how about insisting on debate moderators who aren't the committed lefties all of them were in 2012? Is that too much to ask of the STUPID party?
Last Sept, Bozell called the media rigging of the 2012 election, “the worst liberal bias in 25 years.”
Advertisements
BERLIN — Scholars from the United States and 25 other countries gathered in Sarajevo last week to mark the centennial of World War I.
Titled “The Great War: Regional Approaches and Global Contexts,” the conference was meant to expand and elevate the historical discussion about the war and its outbreak 100 years ago. But rather than a respectful salutation of Europe's triumph over parochial nationalism, the conference set off an ethnic firestorm in the Balkans that reached the highest political circles. The controversy speaks to how the scholarly interpretation of a crucial turning point like the Great War remains disputed and entangled in present-day politics.
The conference, which ran June 19-21 in the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, got off to an awkward start when disagreement flared between its original organizers, the University of Sarajevo's Institute for History, and Sorbonne historians associated with the French Embassy in Sarajevo.
The French insisted that one of the conference's purposes be to promote reconciliation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the scene of bloody ethnic wars during the 1990s. They wanted the meeting to include intellectuals from the country's three ethnic groups — Serbs, Croats and Muslims — to celebrate the centennial. According to Slobodan Soja, a Bosnian Serb and former ambassador to France, who contributed to the French proposal, the purpose of the conference was “to start a dialogue between all historians” in the country on World War I.
The Welsh regions will receive their delayed European Cup payments if broadcasters Sky and BT can agree a deal to televise the tournament next season, BBC Wales understands.
Payments have been delayed because of uncertainty over the future of European Rugby Cup, the company which runs the current European tournament.
A £660,000 loan to cover the shortfall was approved by the Welsh Rugby Union.
All parties are optimistic that a TV agreement is close to being agreed.
A proposal is being considered for the Six Nations Committee to take over the running of a European Cup competition next season, which will replace the current Heineken Cup and second tier Amlin Challenge Cup.
Senior figures at the WRU and Welsh regions have told BBC Wales that if a broadcast deal can be reached, then the money would follow in due course.
The US has defended the capture of suspected al Qaeda leader Anas al Libi by Navy SEALS in an operation in Tripoli on Saturday as “appropriate and legal”, despite the objections of the Libyan government.
ADVERTISING Read more
The capture by US special forces of suspected al Qaeda leader Nazih Abdul-Hamed al Ruqai, better known by their alias Anas al Libi, in a raid in Libya on Saturday was the latest demonstration of Washington's determination to root out wanted terrorists, no matter where in the world they might be hiding.
Anas al Libi, a suspected al Qaeda leader, was on the FBI's most wanted terrorists lists for their alleged role in the August 7, 1998, bombings of the US embassies in Tanzania and Kenya.
US Navy SEALS seized al Libi, a Libyan citizen who has been wanted by the United States for more than 15 years for their alleged links to the twin 1998 US embassy bombings in East Africa, in an operation in the Libyan capital Tripoli. A raid was also carried out in Somalia on the same day, though the US forces failed to capture their target.
“We hope that this makes clear that the United States of America will never stop in the effort to hold those accountable who conduct acts of terror,” US Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday, while attending an economic summit in Indonesia.
Tripoli accuses US of ‘kidnapping'
Somalia raised no objections to the US carrying out military operations within its borders, with Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon telling reporters that their government's cooperation with the US was “not a secret”.
But the view in Libya is rather different, with the country's government describing Libi's capture as nothing short of a “kidnapping”.
"The Libyan government is following the news of the kidnapping of a Libyan citizen who is wanted by US authorities,” Prime Minister Ali Zeidan said Sunday.
Anas al Libi has been taken aboard a US Navy ship in the Mediterranean Sea, where they are being investigated by an elite team of interrogators, US officials said on Monday. Libi is being held aboard the USS San Antonio, an amphibious transport dock ship, where they were taken after their capture in Libya on Saturday, the officials said.  They are being questioned by the US High Value Detainee Interrogation Group, an inter-agency group created in 2009 and housed in the FBI's National Security Branch.
"The Libyan government has contacted US authorities to ask them to provide an explanation."
Tripoli's protests have raised awkward questions for Washington over the legality of raids to capture terrorists on foreign soil.
Speaking on Monday, Kerry was adamant that Libi was a “legal and appropriate target” for the US military.
“Members of al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations literally can run but they can't hide,” they added.
In Washington's view, operations like the one in Libya and the 2001 killing of Osama bin Laden by Navy SEALS in Pakistan have a legal basis under the Authorization for Use of Military Force, a law passed by the US Congress in the wake of the 2001 September 11 attacks.
The law permits the US president to use “all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organisations, or persons they determine planned, authorised, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001 … in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons”.
‘A clear violation of international law'
This, according to Victor Comras, a lawyer and former US State Department diplomat specialising in counter-terrorism, makes operations such as the one in Libya legal under American law.
“Since 2001 at the start of the war on terror, there is this principle of self-defence, where if a state cannot arrest or hand over a terrorist, or refuses to do so, the US has the right to do it,” they told FRANCE 24 from New York.
Furthermore, Washington may have had little choicer than to act without first consulting the Libyan government, Comras argued.
“The problem in this type of situation is that it up to the authorities of the country in question whether they cooperate or not. In certain cases, if you give advanced warning of an impending operation, you risk the suspect disappearing.”
Libya “did nothing” to hand over al Libi, said Comras. “Under such circumstances, the only chance the Americans had to catch them was to do it themselves, in accordance with the self-defence principle.”
But while the Libya operation may have been permitted under the US's own statutes, this does not make it acceptable under international law, argues Marcelo Kohen, a professor of international law at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva.
“The US operation in Libya is a clear violation of the fundamental norms of international law, namely the respect of a country's territorial integrity and sovereignty,” they told FRANCE 24.
“A state cannot remove a foreign citizen, from inside a foreign territory, to be judged in its own country while disregarding international law,” they said. “You need permission. There are existing legal structures among states to address this kind of situation.”
Nevertheless there is little risk of the US facing legal repercussions for the military operation in Libya, said Kohen.
“No mechanism exists that would allow Libya to go beyond a simple protest, while knowing that this will have no effect.”
It is something of a cliché among runners, how the activity never fails to clear your head. Does some creative block have you feeling stuck? Go for a run. Are you deliberating between one of two potentially life-altering decisions? Go for a run. Are you feeling mildly mad, sad, or even just vaguely meh? Go for a run, go for a run, go for a run.
The author Joyce Carol Oates once wrote in a column for the New York Times that “in running the mind flees with the body … in rhythm with our feet and the swinging of our arms.” Filmmaker Casey Neistat told Runner's World last fall that running is sometimes the only thing that gives them clarity of mind. “Every major decision I've made in the last eight years has been prefaced by a run,” they told the magazine. But I maybe like the way a runner named Monte Davis phrased it best, as quoted in the 1976 book The Joy of Running: “It's hard to run and feel sorry for yourself at the same time,” they said. “Also, there are those hours of clear-headedness that follow a long run.”
A good run can sometimes make you feel like a brand-new person. And, in a way, that feeling may be literally true. About three decades of research in neuroscience have identified a robust link between aerobic exercise and subsequent cognitive clarity, and to many in this field the most exciting recent finding in this area is that of neurogenesis. Not so many years ago, the brightest minds in neuroscience thought that our brains got a set amount of neurons, and that by adulthood, no new neurons would be birthed. But this turned out not to be true. Studies in animal models have shown that new neurons are produced in the brain throughout the lifespan, and, so far, only one activity is known to trigger the birth of those new neurons: vigorous aerobic exercise, said Karen Postal, president of the American Academy of Clinical Neuropsychology. “That's it,” they said. “That's the only trigger that we know about.”
The other fascinating thing here is where these new cells pop up: in the hippocampus, a region of the brain associated with learning and memory. So this could help explain, at least partially, why so many studies have identified a link between aerobic exercise and improvement in memory. “If you are exercising so that you sweat — about 30 to 40 minutes — new brain cells are being born,” added Postal, who themselves is a runner. “And it just happens to be in that memory area.”
Other post-run changes have been recorded in the brain's frontal lobe, with increased activity seen in this region after people adopt a long-term habit of physical activity. This area of the brain — sometimes called the frontal executive network system — is located, obviously enough, at the very front: It's right behind your forehead. After about 30 to 40 minutes of a vigorous aerobic workout – enough to make you sweat – studies have recorded increased blood flow to this region, which, incidentally, is associated with many of the attributes we associate with “clear thinking”: planning ahead, focus and concentration, goal-setting, time management.
But it's this area that's also been linked to emotion regulation, which may help explain the results of one recent study conducted by Harvard psychology PhD candidate Emily E. Bernstein. Like Postal, Bernstein is also a runner, and was curious about a pattern they saw in their own mind after a run. “I notice in myself that I just feel better when I'm active,” they said. They started to become really interested in the intervention studies that have popped up in recent years that suggest if you can get people who are having trouble with mood or anxiety to exercise, it helps. “But why?” they wanted to know. “What is exercise actually doing?”
To find out, they did a version of a classic experiment among researchers who study emotion: They and Richard J. McNally, a psychology professor at Harvard, played a reliable tearjerker of a clip: the final scene of the 1979 film The Champ. Here, why don't you watch it for yourself and try not to cry:
Before watching the film clip, some of the 80 participants were made to jog for 30 minutes; others just stretched for the same amount of time. Afterward, all of them filled out surveys to indicate how bummed out the film had made them. Bernstein kept them busy for about 15 minutes after that, and surveyed them again about how they were feeling. Those who'd done the 30-minute run were more likely to have recovered from the emotional gut-punch than those who'd just stretched — and, their results showed, the people who'd initially felt worse seemed to especially benefit from the run. Bernstein is currently doing a few follow-up research projects to determine exactly why this works the way it does. (In the meantime, it helps prove my poor boyfriend right, who, when I am not acting very nicely toward him, will often patiently ask me, “Hey, have you been on a run yet today?”)
But there's another big mental benefit to gain from running, one that scientists haven't quiet yet managed to pin down to poke at and study: the wonderful way your mind drifts here and there as the miles go by. Mindfulness, or being here now, is a wonderful thing, and there is a seemingly ever-growing stack of scientific evidence showing the good it can bring to your life. And yet mindlessness — daydreaming, or getting lost in your own weird thoughts — is important, too. Consider, for example, this argument, taken from a 2013 article by a trio of psychologists in the journal Frontiers in Psychology:
We mind wander, by choice or by accident, because it produces tangible reward when measured against goals and aspirations that are personally meaningful. Having to reread a line of text three times because our attention has drifted away matters very little if that attention shift has allowed us to access a key insight, a precious memory or make sense of a troubling event. Pausing to reflect in the middle of telling a story is inconsequential if that pause allows us to retrieve a distant memory that makes the story more evocative and compelling. Losing a couple of minutes because we drove past our off ramp is a minor inconvenience if the attention lapse allowed us to finally understand why the boss was so upset by something we said in last week's meeting. Arriving home from the store without the eggs that necessitated the trip is a mere annoyance when weighed against coming to a decision to ask for a raise, leave a job, or go back to school.
Just because the benefits of losing yourself in your own thoughts are not easily measured doesn't mean they're not of value, and there are few ways I know of that induce this state of mind more reliably than a long run. A handful of recent studies have tried to answer what every runner, whether pro or hobbyist, has no doubt been asked by friends and family: What on earth do you think about while you're out there for so many miles? This, as the writer Haruki Murakami noted in their What I Talk About When I Talk About Running, is almost beside the point. Sometimes they think while on the run; sometimes, they don't. It doesn't really matter. “I just run. I run in a void,” they write. “Or maybe I should put it the other way: I run in order to acquire a void.”
Now Watch: 5 Horrible Things Stress Does To Your Body
City voters overwhelmingly support Mayor Rahm Emanuel's plan to use public parkland for a proposed Barack Obama presidential library, a new Chicago Tribune poll has found.
But Emanuel's effort to bring movie mogul George Lucas' narrative art museum to a lakefront site received a large degree of indifference from voters, the survey showed.
The mayor's attempts to put the museums on public land has been controversial, with the Lucas museum being challenged in federal court and the Obama library land plan drawing protests.
Emanuel, who is campaigning for re-election, has placed a high priority on getting the presidential library of the hometown president. Prior to becoming mayor, Emanuel was Obama's first White House chief of staff. And the new poll shows voters back the idea.
Overall, 62 percent of city voters favor Emanuel's parkland push, which would help the University of Chicago's bid for the Obama library, while 29 percent opposed such a move. Nine percent of voters said they had no opinion.
Emanuel's move toward authorizing a transfer of the parkland came after a source close to the Barack Obama Foundation, the nonprofit group charged with overseeing the site selection process and building the presidential center, expressed concerns that the U. of C. had proposed building the library on land it did not own.
The university wants to build on 20 acres in western Jackson Park in Woodlawn, bounded by South Stony Island Avenue to the west, South Cornell Avenue to the east, East 60th Street to the north and East 63rd Street to the south.
Alternatively, the university also has proposed using about 21 acres in western Washington Park and 11 acres outside of it, stretching as far west as South Prairie Avenue, and encompassing the Garfield Green Line stop. The park space is bounded by South King Drive to the west, Ellsworth Drive to the east, East Garfield Boulevard to the south and East 51st Street to the north.
The land transfer would take place only if Obama selects the U. of C. to host the library. If one of the other three bidders — the University of Illinois at Chicago, Columbia University in New York or the University of Hawaii in Honolulu — is chosen, the land would remain with the Chicago Park District.
(Tribune Graphics)
Among voters backing Emanuel's re-election, 73 percent support the land transfer, while 21 percent opposed it. Carol Sovak, 66, who lives in Albany Park on the Northwest Side, supports the transfer.
"All in all, when all is said and done, I think President Obama is going to be a very popular president, and their library should be in Chicago, because it really is their hometown," Sovak said. "So, a few acres of a park for the library and attractions and the prestige of it, I think that's a good idea."
Among Emanuel challengers, business person Willie Wilson and community activist William "Dock" Walls support the idea of using parkland for the library, while Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia and 2nd Ward Ald. Bob Fioretti oppose the idea.
The idea was most popular among African-American voters, with 77 percent in support. Half of white voters backed the idea, while 42 percent opposed. Among Latino voters, 59 percent were in favor and 31 percent opposed.
"I think it's fine if they put the library there. No one is using the land. Nothing is going on there. It's open space. Why not use it for something meaningful?" said poll respondent Brandi Kirkland, 37. "I think putting it on the South Side will be good. It will be something educational for the kids, and there aren't too many things like that on the South Side."
Open-space groups, including Friends of the Parks, have not ruled out legal action to stop the land transfer from taking place.
Ricardo Lopez, 85, is among the 21 percent of poll respondents who oppose using parkland for the Obama library.
"You have this beautiful parkland, and now you want to take it away from the kids to put up this library? You have that Michael Reese big hospital site. Why can't they put it there? No, they have to take it away from the kids," said Lopez, who lives in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side. "The park has been there for years and years. Leave it alone. There are a lot of other places they can put it."
Friends of the Parks is at the center of a federal lawsuit involving another proposed Chicago attraction, the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art. Emanuel wants to put the museum on 17 acres between Soldier Field and McCormick Place. The group contends the site sits on reclaimed waterways and therefore can't be handed over to a private entity. The lawsuit strategy is a departure from traditional arguments by lakefront preservationists that construction on the lakeshore defies a ban on further private development east of Lake Shore Drive.
When voters were asked if they supported or opposed the lawsuit, 37 percent said the issue did not matter to them. An additional 31 percent opposed the lawsuit, and 25 percent said they backed it.
While they supported using public land for the Obama library, Sovak argued Lucas doesn't deserve the same treatment.
"That is a totally different animal. It's more an entertainment thing than a prestige thing. I don't see that in the same category as the Obama library," they said. "It's sad that it has to take a lawsuit, but the fact that there is something like that should make the Lucas people think twice. We are concerned about our lakefront. We want to preserve it, and for something like that, I just don't think it's worth all this."
Source: FCA US LLC
Top image: FCA Brazil
Shifter image: author
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US will recall certain 2012-2016 Fiat 500 models to upgrade their clutch release system. An FCA investigation discovered that a small number of cars equipped with manual transmissions have reported clutch pedal travel that exceeded design parameters and overtime had caused component damage capable of restricting gear shifts and propulsion.The fix involves limiting clutch pedal travel to within design specs. The number of cars affected accounts for .01% of Fiat 500s sold, but to be thorough, the company is voluntarily recalling an estimated 39,217 vehicles in the U.S, 7,834 in Canada and 26,268 outside the NAFTA region.FCA reports it is unaware of any related injuries or accidents. Cars equipped with turbocharged engines are not part of this recall. This is breaking news, and we'll have more information as it comes in from sources. Owners will be contacted by mail if they are affected. However, owners can communicate with the FCA US Customer Care Center at 1-800-853-1403 if they have questions.Here is a handy link to check for recalls on your Fiat. Note, you may have to give the system some time to catch up for the most accurate results.Keep in mind if you call your dealer there may be some delays in getting detailed information as everyone gets up to speed on this recall. Make sure you visit the Fiat 500 Forum to find out the latest news.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
During Thursday's episode of The Daily Show, host Jon Stewart replayed a clip from an earlier episode where they mocked Fox News for exaggerating the scope of so-called food stamp abuse. They then showed how Eric Bolling of the Fox News show The Five responded. Bolling tried to ‘school' Stewart on how the network was merely trying to highlight rampant waste and fraud in the program. Of course, Stewart was able to brilliantly take down Bolling and the network on this claim.
First, Stewart responded to the clip of Bolling defending the network's coverage by saying the following:
“You thought we were ridiculing you for exposing government waste? No, that's a reasonable thing to expose. What we were ridiculing was the way you exaggerate the scope of public assistance abuse through random, often unprovable anecdotes.”
They then proceeded to do an awesome and vicious summary of how the network has shamed and ridiculed poor people over the past few years. They pointed out how the network devoted SIX segments to the ‘mooching surfer' who was able to get an EBT card, and then used them as the face of millions of people who seek food assistance. Stewart also played clips of Fox News personalities and contributors mocking and insulting impoverished people in this country, calling them ‘moochers' and ‘parasites', while insinuating that they live the good life.
After highlighting the network's derisive commentary on the poor of this country, Stewart then moved to how Fox News has covered corporations abusing the tax laws of this country. The anger was palpable with Stewart in this portion of the segment. They played a clip where it was stated that $3 billion has been lost on abuse, fraud and waste in the food stamp program. They contrasted this with another clip of Bolling stating that $4 billion in subsidies to oil companies was just a pittance.
Stewart claimed that Bolling was the ‘worst math teacher ever' by essentially claiming that $3 billion is greater than $4 billion. The segment also moved on to showing other Fox News' contributors, as well as 2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney, justifying tax shelters and loopholes so that corporations and wealthy individuals can avoid paying billions in tax dollars. They focused their attention on how Fox seems to not have a problem with the ultra-rich hoarding money and avoiding paying their fair share, as they've stated that this should all ‘trickle down' on the less fortunate.
Of course, as Stewart pointed out, that doesn't appear to be the case. They helpfully featured a clip about JP Morgan Chase making millions off of EBT cards over the past few years. Chase got so much business from the EBT card venture that they had to create more customer service jobs. Wouldn't you know, those jobs were outsourced overseas so they could pay those employees $3.25 an hour, rather than that largess being ‘trickled down' to the American public, many of whom were being forced to use these very same EBT cards due to lack of good employment.
In the end, Eric Bolling and Fox News thought they could take on Stewart and call them out for being unfair. As is nearly always the case, Stewart was able to turn it around and make them look even worse than they did initially.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The Social Security Trustees have just released their 2014 report, which updates their actuarial estimates of when the program's Disability Insurance (DI) trust fund and the Old Age and Survivor's Insurance (OASI) trust fund will run out of money, forcing both disability and pension benefits to be cut.
Let's get to the worst news first. Social Security's Disability Insurance trust fund will be the first to be depleted, which the trustees now forecast will occur in less than two years. Under current law, when the DI trust fund is depleted in 2016, Supplemental Security Income (SSI) payments made to Americans with disabilities will be permanently cut by nearly one-fifth.
That change will negatively impact over 8.4 million Americans, who can expect to see their monthly income payments slashed by 19% according to the Trustee's latest estimate, just seven years after the DI trust fund last ran a surplus from the portion of Social Security's payroll taxes dedicated to it.
Meanwhile, things are not as immediately dire for Social Security's OASI trust fund, which is expected to last another nineteen years before it is fully depleted after years of paying out more in benefits than it collects through Social Security's payroll taxes. When that happens, the monthly income benefits paid to retired Americans, or to the surviving spouses of working Americans who paid Social Security's payroll taxes, will be slashed by nearly one-fourth.
Beginning in 2033, under current law, Social Security estimates that the monthly income benefits for each of an estimated 75 million Americans (or more) will be permanently reduced by 23%.
For more information, Charles Blahous, one of Social Security's Public Trustees, provides a good overview of what's in the 2014 Trustees' report at e21.
Your money's no good here, Scotland.
I can't take their money … I can't print my own money … I have to work for money … Why don't I just lay down and die? — Homer Simpson, The Simpsons
–
–
During our trip to Scotland, we were made aware (by some proud Scots) of the fact that the country prints its own currency. In fact, three major banks in Scotland all print bills: The Clydesdale Bank, The Royal Bank of Scotland, and the Bank of Scotland (un-Royal). For all intents and purposes, the Scottish bills should have the same value (and exchange rate) as the English pound-notes that are also accepted throughout Scotland.
I say should, because in practice things tend to be a bit different.
One of our Scottish hosts proudly displayed some bills to us (the source of the pride being that the bills were Scottish), explaining that on more than one occasion proprietors in England had attempted to refuse the currency.
Don't let world spread about this, because there is no way that the red states would accept a Californey quarter if they thought they had a choice.
But let's get down to what the heck is going on with Scotland and the U.K., shall we? I found the whole thing incredibly confusing, and when you find that Wikipedia is the best source on the subject, it's time to curl up in a ball and admit that the whole thing is effed up.
Here's my understanding of it. If anyone knows any more about the issue, please feel free to jump in. Let's start with legal tender.
To quote Rand, “legal tender is not what you think it is.” Personally, I had thought that legal tender was, well, legal money. As long as you didn't print it in your basement, and ol' George doesn't have the gout, I figured it was legal tender. Apparently, this isn't the case.
In fact, legal tender actually has a very narrow definition that pertains to the settlement of debts. It is an offered payment that cannot be legally refused in the settlement of a debt. It really has very little do with whether or not a form of payment is against the law or not (for example, debit cards, credit cards, and personal checks are widely accepted everywhere, but according to this definition, they are not legal tender).
Scottish notes are also not considered legal tender anywhere in the U.K. Not even in Scotland. So they can't be used to repay debts, apparently, but instead function more as a promissory note (i.e., I am giving you this bill, which has the value of 5 pounds sterling, or whatever). In fact, no banknotes (not even those from the Bank of England) are accepted as legal tender in Scotland. Which I imagine would make it very hard to repay a debt.
But just because the Scottish bills aren't legal tender doesn't mean they aren't legal. The banks in Scotland that print their own notes have the right to do so as dictated by Parliament. The money is legal – and while technically people can refuse it in payment of a debt, most don't.
Here's where it gets tricky: if you are buying something in the U.K., the store must accept Scottish bills as payment. But if you have already received services from an establishment (as in, they served you a meal or gave you a cab ride) and you are in debt to them, they can then refuse Scottish bills, as they are not legal tender.
Sounds ridiculous, right? But according to one of our Scottish hosts, this has happened to him, and they basically told the waitstaff that it was either Scottish money or they weren't getting paid at all, and they eventually caved and took the bill. They said that they had encountered the same thing with cabbies.
When we got to London, Rand asked a cab driver if they would accept Scottish currency. They said that generally they would, but some drivers wouldn't on the grounds that their other passengers wouldn't accept it back in the form of change. So while they recognized it's value, it still created problems.
Sigh. The worst part, though, was that we found that internationally some currency exchange places will give you a different (worse) rate for Scottish bills than for English ones. The matter has understandably upset a lot of Scottish tourists overseas.
Bottom line? Scotland's money has the same value as British money. It just isn't always easy to convince people of it.
Share this Post Google+
Last month marks the biggest drug bust of synthetic opioid in Connecticut State's history, which involved nine arrests and seizure of over 5 pounds of fentanyl discovered right in the city.
The drug fentanyl was allegedly sold on the dark web and acquired by the apprehended drug distributor through Dark Web mass-market drug networks.
Deirdre M. Daly, US Attorney, admitted at a news conference during the afternoon of the drug bust that the state is struggling with a serious opioid epidemic.
One that's tragically caused numerous deaths throughout the nation and the ground-breaking investigation has successfully busted a major fentanyl supplier.
They said that the operation has provided an “important window” on how the drug winds up on Connecticut's streets.
Daly adds that this act exhibits an excellent example of effective collaboration between the feds and the locals.
The major Dark Web drug distribution raid stems from a joint investigation conducted by task force agents from the Drug Enforcement Administration for New England, Wethersfield Police Department, and New Britain Police.
Special Agent Michael J. Ferguson, an authority figure in Charge of New England's DEA Operations said that the raid is likewise among the largest fentanyl seizures in the whole New England region.
Fentanyl Drug Epidemic
The spread of drugs in Connecticut have ignited a “public health concern.” with alarming figures of fentanyl and opioid recorded deaths.
Last year, 444 people died of overdoses caused by heroin, morphine, codeine, and fentanyl.
In 2016, the first two months alone already tallies 93 opioid deaths.
The drug arrives in powder and pill form which are thought to be purchased from the Dark Web.
Fentanyl is a powerful opiate in itself, with as few as 3 to 4 single grains enough to kill a person and could be 50 times stronger than heroin.
When combined, the resulting drug's potency is undoubtedly more fatal.
Most of the drug found in New England is said to be manufactured in China, which is then mixed with heroin, then distributed to the US through Mexico's Sinaloa Cartel.
Operation “Jackpot” Hit the Jackpot
An investigation involving fentanyl was initiated in December 2015, dubbed as Operation Jackpot derived from the name of the opiate batch sold by one of the drug dealers.
Joint forces that combed through 130 Sunrise Ave. successfully seized 2.5 kilos of fentanyl in powder form, valued at about $100,000 per kilogram, 2 kilos of party drug Molly, 40 pounds of cannabis, 50,000 counterfeit Xanax pills, butane hash oil, steroids, two firearms, and $500,000 cash.
Authorities believe that some of the drugs were purchased from various Dark Web markets.
Eight other houses were also raided at the same time, including defendant McBriarty's Bristol home at 34 Nicholas Court and their uncle's place at 52 Sheila Court, Apt. 316, as well as another defendant, Petersen's home at 390 Hillhurst Avenue in New Britain.
The other arrested individuals are namely John Casadei from Morris, 45; Jared McBriarty from Bristol, 31; and Kyle Petersen from New Britain, 30.
Upon conviction, the mandatory minimum is a 10-year term and a maximum of life in prison.
The remaining six are Charles Orcutt from Windsor, 27; Isaac Ortiz from Newington, 35; Jesus Correa from New Britain, 41; Carlos Enriquez from Enfield, 27; Dominique Greco from Cromwell, 29; Tomasz Ziobron from New Britain, 30, who are charged with offense that carry a maximum of 20 years in prison upon conviction.
It's said that Casadei got the opioids from Dark Web marketplaces and utilized them as well to ship fentanyl in large quantities from China.
The defendants were altogether charged by a criminal complaint made up of 98 pages, with Orcutt released on a $10,000 bond.
On January 10th, 2015, progressive metal heavyweights Periphery came to Carrboro, NC to play at Cat's Cradle in support of their upcoming double-album, Juggernaut: Alpha & Omega. This was the first date of their tour with support from Nothing More, Wovenwar, and Thank You Scientist, and was also the first time the band has begun performing new material like “The Bad Thing,” “The Scourge,” “Alpha,” and more. I got a chance to speak with the three guitarists of the band, Misha Mansoor, Mark Holcomb and Jake Bowen about the structuring of the album, the politics of picking tours, how album reviews should be done, and much more!
So this is the first night of touring in support of your new album Juggernaut, which I'm really hyped on after hearing it a bunch over the past week. Didn't the album start off as a story and then the music came with it?
Misha: It's all kind of together. Juggernaut to us was just the idea to do a concept, and it's been many things throughout the years. At one point in time it was going to be our first album. “Icarus [Lives!]” was supposed to be on Juggernaut, and there were a bunch of themes going with that initially. It was this hyped thing, but I think we all got in a room after Clear and when we were touring. We were talking about what we envisioned it to be. I think we all were saying we want dark, epic, theatrical, ambient…that kind of stuff, which was a very different vibe from Periphery II. That was more notey and upbeat and playful.
I think that's very apparent from listening to the new album right away.
Misha: I think that was just a natural reaction. I was just writing stuff that tended to be like that, but everyone else also had the same reaction to Periphery II. Let's slow things down, let's go for a different vibe altogether. It's been-there-done-that.
That's kind of the whole point of being a progressive band!
Misha: That made that original concept and story we were initially kicking around not really work. So Spencer then wrote a story that's dark and more epic.
Once I had heard the whole album and started checking out old videos of you guys, I started noticing a few riffs scattered around. I remember hearing the “Four Lights” riff in a demo video and “The Bad Thing” from your programming videos. I just didn't know how much music had been lying around before the story was done.
Mark: Those clips that you mentioned are kind of the exception. Those are two or three of the only real things that people have heard in any way, shape, or form.
Misha: Most of it's brand new, and anything else was appropriated because it worked really well.
You had mentioned the album being dark and theatrical earlier. That was immediately what I got from the album. I definitely think it's the heaviest album of the three. “Hell Below” is pretty upsetting. (Laughs)
Misha: (Laughs) That's good! I like that adjective. It's upsetting!
I mean that in the nicest way possible.
Misha: I'll take it, dude!
But then you've also got other songs on the album like “Alpha” and “Heavy Heart” which are a lot lighter. Were you guys deliberately making a big push for dynamics?
Misha: Yes and no. Where it came from was a different place. On another album we'd be doing it to spread things out or not have too much of one sound. In this case it's very much related to what happens in the story. Alpha is this two-faced beast which is very upbeat and very dark and evil towards the end. That's because that fits with the concept very, very well. “Heavy Heart” is a more innocent time. I can't say too much about the story, but all of these things relate. “Hell Below” is the way it is because of what's happening in the story. On this album it's much more of a flow in a certain direction. That's why Omega tends to be angrier. Alpha is more optimistic, and Omega is pessimistic.
You said you can't comment on the story. Is that because you want people to figure it out for themselves?
Misha: First, yes. We will come out with a story that's clear-cut. As much as it's nice to send stuff out for reviews and all that, this album is really not well-suited to that. I've seen some reviews of the album which I think were well-intentioned, but even they say they have to wait until they can see the artwork and know what all the lyrics are. I kind of wish you hadn't written a review because it's really not a review when you have half the package. We spend a lot of time on the artwork and getting everything right. It's one cohesive thing unlike the other albums. That's something that's very important, and because like you said, it's very long and takes a lot of listens. These are the albums that we like to listen to, ones that you really have to spend some time with, and you may not even like it or get it at first. That's normal! That's to be expected. So I want people to spend like a month with this album and then let us know. I guarantee you; the review a few days in would be different than a month in. It might be better, it might be worse, but it'll be more accurate.
(Laughs) I've also been given the task on top of this interview to review it, so I'll see what I can come up with!
Misha: Maybe as a fun experiment you could do a “first thoughts” review and then a month later tell them I told you to do it again! (Laughs) It's an album's album. It's not a collection of songs. Some people might consider it one song in some ways because there are no breaks and it's extremely deliberate.
You may already be planning it, but at some point are you going to do the whole 80+ minutes live at one point?
Misha: I'd like to. The biggest logistical problem with that is being that it was a purely compositional effort; the problem we face is tunings. Every song is in a different tuning than the one before, which means we will need three guitars and a bass change for every song! (Laughs) So we'll just need a really tight team. We have a good crew on this run and we're sort of testing out how it works with these techs. If we can get it down to a quick thing, then it might be a possibility with the warning of knowing that we'll change guitars every song. It'll probably be a one-time tour.
Mark: I would personally like to see how Juggernaut is received, and if it's received well and if people like it. We don't know any of this, and it's so far ahead of us. It still feels like our album and not anyone else's. Who knows? People could fucking hate it!
Trust me; I think most people who have heard it so far have been really impressed with it.
Mark: But to answer your question, I just want to see what the legacy of Juggernaut is before we even start to talk about actually doing it. If it's looked at as our weakest album, I don't want to go out and get ahead of ourselves.
Misha: Right now what we're concerned with is playing that the songs we've put out. That way everyone will know them. It's always a bit difficult putting songs out there that people don't know because they don't know how to react to it. They're taking it in rather than enjoying it. I think that's the focus of this tour, to announce it. If it goes well, then I think that's something we can talk about. The guitar changes are the only thing, but when there's a will there's a way. It's something I think we're all open to.
Just knowing your fanbase, I think it's something that people will want to see. Maybe even just on a DVD if guitar changes are an issue. But back to the new songs on this tour being the ones you've put out…
Misha: Well that and “Psychosphere.” We're playing just because we introduced that as a live song earlier. That's a song that goes over so well live. There's not a lot getting lost in translation over the PA.
Did you guys have any hand in picking the bands that are opening tonight?
Mark: Oh yeah. We always do on our own tours.
Misha: We always have a say. It's not always clear-cut, because it has to make sense on many levels. What a lot of people don't understand is what goes into selecting bands, whether it's when we get selected or pick bands to take out. There are a lot criteria, the obvious ones being scheduling and money. Beyond that, there are a lot of other things. There have been bands we wanted to take out, but it was the wrong time in their album cycle, and we need someone who's fresh in their album cycle for what we're doing. Management's always thinking in terms of six months or twelve months and they have a lot of plans. Sometimes it's politics.
Mark: Tons of politics.
Misha: I will say, we're really stoked for the lineup!
It's probably the most diverse of any headlining tour I've seen you do so far.
Misha: That's what we were going for. Sometimes you get a lineup that you're really stoked on, and sometimes you don't! But at least we won this one.
I'm sure that you've got a good 18 months or two years of touring ahead of you now, and you've toured with so many great bands already, but is there anyone left that you still want to play with? I know you've done big shows with bands like Meshuggah and Devin Townsend, stuff like that…
Misha: Well there are the huge ones like Tool and Metallica, or A Perfect Circle would be amazing. Slipknot too…
Mark: Bring Me the Fuckin' Horizon, too!
Jake: Nine-Inch Nails.
Misha: I think what Bring Me the Horizon's been doing lately has been really cool.
See, I don't think I've listened to them since I was in high school…
Jake: It's way different!
Misha: Some of our best tours have been when we're playing to people who have no idea who we are, like the Deftones. Deftones doesn't even need to take out an opening band. They just took us out because they liked us, I guess.
Jake: That tour was already mostly sold out before we were even announced.
Misha: So the biggest complaint was that our own fans couldn't come to the shows and it meant that were playing to a crowd that pretty much didn't know us and we'd have to win them over to the best of our ability. Most nights we were actually really lucky, some nights not so much. You can't win them all, but the opportunity to play to fans that don't know who you are is huge for growth. So like the bands we named earlier would be huge for us. Meshuggah is great, and obviously for me that's a huge thing. But from a managerial standpoint, they're not that stoked on it, because you're playing to the same fans. It doesn't really do that much for the growth of the band. If you think you can impress a fan base that has no idea who you are, that's a really important thing to do. Fans look at these things a little one-dimensionally.
Mark: “Take out djent band X, Y, and Z!” It's always like that.
Misha: And we'll still do those tours because it's good to cater to our fanbase, but it's just important to have a balance. But you should seriously do two reviews. I'd be interested to see how it changes. It might even work against us. But I do think that it would be a more genuine take on the album.
I'll try and send it to you just to see what you think about it.
Misha: I'll review your review! And I'll review your review a month later, after I've had time to digest your review. Reviewception.
Catch Periphery on tour at the following dates:
01/12 Masquerade – Atlanta, GA
01/13 Orpheum – Tampa, FL
01/14 Revolution – Ft. Lauderdale, FL
01/16 House of Blues – New Orleans, LA
01/17 House of Blues – Houston, TX
01/18 House of Blues – Dallas, TX
01/20 Sunshine Theater – Albuquerque, NM
01/21 Club Red – Phoenix, AZ
01/22 House of Blues – Los Angeles, CA
01/23 Yost Theater – Anaheim, CA
01/26 The Fillmore – San Francisco, CA
01/27 Hawthorne Theatre– Portland, OR
01/28 El Corazon – Seattle, WA
01/30 In The Venue – Salt Lake City, UT
01/31 Summit Music Hall – Denver, CO
02/02 Varsity Theater – Minneapolis, MI
02/03 House of Blues – Chicago, IL
02/04 St. Andrews Hall – Detroit, MI
02/06 Opera House – Toronto, ON
02/07 Corona Theatre – Montreal, QC
02/08 Upstate Concert Hall – Albany, NY
02/09 Waterstreet Music Hall– Rochester, NY
02/11 Paradise Rock Club – Boston, MA
02/12 Irving Plaza – New York, NY
02/13 The Fillmore – Silver Spring, MD
02/14 District N9ne – Philadelphia, PA
-KB
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- Majid Rabah, 11, says they will always remember the "black day" that Israeli soldiers ordered them to open bags they thought were rigged with explosives.
"Every moment I remember what happened," they said in their home in Gaza City's Tel Al-Hawwa neighborhood Tuesday.
An Israeli military court gave a suspended sentence and a demotion Sunday to the two soldiers who used Majid as a human shield, in a ruling they and their family said did not do justice to the trauma.
"When will the child forget what happened? This cannot be compared to three month's [suspended] sentence," said Majid's mother, Fatima Rabah, 49. They added that they didn't expect justice from the Israeli court system, and would prefer that an international court take up the matter.
"This will give Israeli soldiers a license to do whatever they like to Palestinian children. Many Palestinian children have died from Israeli guns and no one punished them," they said. Majid themselves said they were neither surprised nor satisfied by the Israeli court's ruling.
Human rights advocates also said Sunday's ruling sent the message that Israeli soldiers could violate Palestinian's rights without consequences.
"This ruling implies that it is allowed for Israeli soldiers to use Palestinians, including children, as human shields, without being punished," said Ayed Abu Eqtash of the organization Defense for Children International.
They said the case against the two soldiers was nothing more than an exercise in "Israeli PR" in the wake of judge Richard Goldstone's UN-mandated report on alleged war crimes in Gaza.
"Israel wants to show the international community that it is abiding by Goldstone's recommendations, but these procedures do not lead to accountability."
Eqtash said the Israeli Supreme Court issued a ruling in 2005 barring the military from using Palestinians as human shields, but DCI has documented 15 cases in which children were used as such since then.
In the most recent documented case, on 19 August, a DCI investigation found that a 13-year-old boy from a village near the West Bank city of Nablus was beaten then forced at gunpoint to open doors in a house where the army suspected a wanted Palestinian was hiding.
Majid was used as a human shield on 15 January 2009, just as Israel's 3-week offensive on Gaza appeared to be peaking. Israeli ground forces were smashing their way through Tel Al-Hawwa, a neighborhood of tower blocks south of Gaza City.
According to Majid and their mother, when Israeli soldiers began storming buildings in their area, families, nearly 40 people in all, in the building took shelter in the dirt-floor basement. While the others cowered in one corner, soldiers from the Givati Brigade arrived and ordered Majid, in Hebrew, to open two Samsonite duffle bags they found in a bathroom in the other corner.
In an affidavit provided to DCI, Majid gave more details: "The soldier approached me and grabbed my shirt from my neck and dragged me away. 'He's a child,' my mother began shouting. I thought they would kill me."
"I became very scared and wet my pants," they recalled, "I could not shout or say anything because I was too afraid. The soldier dragged me 20 meters away. They pointed their weapon at me. They were shouting at me and I did not understand him, so they grabbed me and pushed me against the wall."
Trembling with fear, they managed to open the first bag, which contained money and personal possessions brought to the basement by another resident in their building. When they were unable to open the other, one of the soldiers grabbed them by the hair, slapped them in the face, then shot the bag with their rifle, they said.
Later that day, Majid's mother said, soldiers came to the basement to separate men from women and children, who were told to leave the building. Fearing that the men were being arrested, the women and children fled to Al-Quds Hospital, a Red Crescent installation nearby.
That same day, Israeli warplanes bombed the hospital with white phosphorus, forcing patients, hospital workers and hundreds of sheltering civilians to flee amid gunfire and shelling. Majid, their two sisters, and mother left in an ambulance to the Red Cross center in Gaza.
Getty Images
Correction appended, August 30, 2013: The Association of French Bakers does not exist. The letter quoted throughout this piece is not real. A parody, written by W. David Marx, it first appeared as “An Open Letter to Kanye West from the Association of French Bakers,” on August 13, 2013, at Medium.com.
There have been quite a few complaints about Kanye's new album; it seems to have upset as many activist groups as it has pleased fans. In a sense, that's what pop stars do. They offend almost as indiscriminately as they entertain.
But nobody expected Kanye to get a letter from the Association of French Bakers. Indeed, they seem to have upset them with the lyric “Hurry up with my damn croissants” in their song “I Am a God,” which describes their less-than-satisfying dining experience in a “french-ass restaurant.” Let us choose to ignore for a moment the fact that you wouldn't really go to a “french-ass restaurant” to get a croissant and focus on the fact that the Baker's union facetiously lambasted them in a long, transatlantic letter, claiming that a man of their status wouldn't want a croissant that came out slowly (anyone who has waited online for a cronut knows it can take a long time for them to churn out).
(MORE: Syrian Rebels Ban Croissants in Aleppo)
“Congratulations on the birth of your daughter, Nord!” the letter reads, in the typically French manner of giving a name that francophonic twist you never wanted to have anything to do with.
The letter goes on:
“Assuming you, as a man of means, dine exclusively at high-end restaurants and boulangeries during your voyages to Paris, it could not be possible that the delay of your ‘damn' croissants originated from slow service.” The text then goes into a condescending explanation of why it may take so long for their croissants to come out, implying all along that of course, none of this comes as a surprise to the well-educated Monsieur Yeezus.
One might think that this letter was a carefully crafted attempt at bringing the Association of French Bakers into a rank of greater visibility. In fact, though it may seem absurd at first, the Association has strict guidelines as to what can constitute a croissant or baguette because they don't want rogue bakers charging more than they should, or messing with an old recipe. It only seems absurd because these regulations are the very things that have upheld the standards of their craft. Some could even argue that Kanye was getting star treatment, kid gloves and all; no mere mortal would make it out of a bakery alive after asking the baker to hurry up with “damn croissants.”
MORE: Kanye West's Yeezus Is Manic, Melancholy and Brilliant
LIST: The 8 Best Things Kanye West Told The New York Times
President Donald Trump vowed on the campaign trail that they would end President Barack Obama's attempts to close Guantanamo Bay and instead use the prison camp for terrorists and “bad dudes.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions appeared to share Trump's opinion on the prison during an interview they gave Thursday evening with The Hugh Hewitt Show.
“I believe it's a … very fine place for holding this kind of dangerous criminals. We've spent a lot of money fixing it up. And I'm inclined to the view that it remains a perfectly acceptable place,” Sessions stated.
During the interview, Sessions explained that it was time for the United States to start using Guantanamo Bay to hold prisoners of war because that made more sense than bringing them into the United States for a trial.
“In general, I don't think we're better off bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying them in federal court where they get discovery rights to find out our intelligence, and get court-appointed lawyers and things of that nature,” Sessions explained.
Asked specifically if they would advise Trump to hold unlawful combatants, Sessions was unequivocal.
“Yes. Oh, there's plenty of space. We are well equipped for it. It's a perfect place for it,” they said. “Eventually, this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department. But I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that.
You can listen to the interview here.
Gitmo exists to harbor some of the worst terrorists and criminals this world has ever seen. Instead of realizing that, Obama simply released all these mass murderers back into the world where a number of them have been found (or killed) on the battlefields in the Middle East.
Under the Trump administration, we will finally will get back to using the prison facility to house terrorists and those who will do us harm. No longer will we have a president who is more concerned about looking good than getting actual results.
Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think the Trump administration should use Gitmo for.
What do you think of Sessions' comments? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
H/T The Daily Caller
Justice Susan Kiefel, a Queenslander, will become the first woman to occupy the nation's most senior judicial role. Credit:Robert Shakespeare Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Tuesday "Susan Kiefel's story is one that is an inspiration". The Queenslander left school at 15 and began their working life as a legal secretary before studying law part-time through the barristers admission board. "She went on after practising at the bar to win a Master of Laws at the University of Cambridge," Mr Turnbull said. Justice Kiefel told Fairfax Media they were "deeply honoured by the appointment and very conscious of the responsibilities of the office of chief justice".
Justice Susan Kiefel at their swearing in to the Australian High Court in 2007. Credit:Glen McCurtayne "I hope that I bring to the role my experience – I've been a judge for 23 years and I was a barrister for 16," Justice Kiefel said. "I've been on the High Court for nine years. And of course I'm bringing my experience of the world as all of the judges do." Hon Justice Susan Kiefel AC, Australia's first female High Court chief justice. Credit:Robert Shakespeare The 62-year-old said they "learned to work hard at an early age" but they were "ambitious so I enjoyed it".
"I absolutely loved my time at the bar, but I always knew that I wanted to be a judge," Justice Kiefel said. New High Court appointee, Justice James Edelman. Mr Turnbull said Justice Edelman was "a different generation to most of the other judges of the High Court" but at the age of 34 the "precocious" Rhodes Scholar was already a professor of law at Oxford. "He has established themselves by practising at the Western Australian bar and indeed at the London bar," Mr Turnbull said. In 2011 Justice Edelman was appointed to the Western Australian Supreme Court by their close friend and then WA Attorney-General Christian Porter, who is now federal social services minister.
Last year, they joined the Federal Court based in Brisbane. The Scotch College Perth old boy is the youngest person to have been appointed to the WA Supreme Court, and the fourth-youngest person to be appointed to the High Court. The youngest High Court appointment remains former federal Labor leader and Attorney-General Herbert Vere "Doc" Evatt, who joined the bench in 1930 at the age of 36. Attorney-General George Brandis said Justice Kiefel had emerged as the "overwhelmingly favourite candidate" to replace Chief Justice French following consultation with the state attorneys-general and other leaders of the profession. A former judge of the Federal Court and Queensland Supreme Court, Justice Kiefel was the first woman in Queensland to be appointed Queen's Counsel, or silk, in 1987.
When they were sworn in as a High Court judge in 2007, they were greeted by school children waving placards saying "2/7 = a good start". The High Court now boasts three women on the seven-judge bench, following the appointment of Justice Michelle Gordon last year. The appointment of Justice Kiefel to the top job was widely tipped in legal circles, and comes as a welcome distraction from damaging headlines about the government's dealings with the former solicitor-general Justin Gleeson, SC. The real surprise was who would be appointed to fill the vacancy created by Justice Kiefel. There had been speculation an Adelaide-based judge – South Australian chief justice Chris Kourakis or Federal Court judge Anthony Besanko – would be appointed to the bench in a first for South Australia.
James Allsop, the Sydney-based chief justice of the Federal Court and former president of the NSW Court of Appeal, had also been touted as a contender. Justice Kiefel is among the most senior judges on the High Court bench. Justices Virginia Bell, Stephen Gageler and Patrick Keane were appointed during the Rudd and Gillard governments. After their appointment by the Howard government, Justice Kiefel said that they were a "lonely tree" in a forest of men during their early years at the Queensland bar but women were now "part of the landscape". Chief Justice French, who was appointed to the top job in September 2008, had previously served as a judge of the Federal Court. Follow us on Twitter
by Hye Sung
I have a confession: I don't regularly or actively participate in a faith community. It's not something I'm proud of, as somebody who works for a religious organization, but honestly, church is more draining than life-giving and I'm done trying to make it work.
At least for now.
It's not that I've never had an edifying experience in church. In times of discouragement or discernment, I often return to the promises prophetically uttered by lay ministers in the charismatic church or hear a Friend's vocal ministry bounce throughout my head and lead me into Light. But time after time, I've tried to find my voice in such spaces, I've tried to find ways to serve and grow in such communities, and it hasn't worked. I just haven't been able to get grounded in a spiritual community.
So I'm done. At least for a little while. And I think that's OK.
It wasn't always. I've spent a lot of time condemning myself for not living up to my Quakerism, or my Christianity, by being “out of community.”
I still attend Quaker meeting to stay connected to Friends and to enjoy the power of corporate silent worship, but I probably pop in once a month. Sometimes I show up at a church to hear the Bible read and to sing hymns sung by saints before me. But not often.
Here's my question: Can I claim to be Quaker, or even a Christian, when the core expression of our faith is the Church? Can I still claim to follow Jesus when I am out of touch with their body? It's a tough question. I don't know the answer, and I don't know if I can know it.
Sometimes I dream of being in a house church, where tongue-talking, poetry reading, deep silence, delicious food, and political demonstrations are all on the agenda. I don't think that's an unrealistic dream. But in the meantime, I will continue to try to bring and be the church wherever I go, and hopefully, sooner than later, I'll find a way to sustainably, functionally, and joyfully be in community.
That being said, I know I love Jesus, and I am even more confident that they love me. I know that I encounter the presence of God in staff meetings, when I mutter in tongues while making spreadsheets, when I see people make friends with strangers on the bus, when I watch my nephew play on my brother-in-law's lap, and while I sip genmaicha and listen to my mother's spiritual reflections each morning.
Maybe that's not enough. But for now, it's what I can handle. It's what I can do.
Police officers stand guard outside the Baltimore courthouse before a not-guilty verdict was issued in the trial of police officer Caesar Goodson, charged in the death of Freddie Gray. (Michael Reynolds/European Pressphoto Agency)
Jon O. Newman is a senior judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
The acquittal Thursday of another Baltimore police officer charged in the death of Freddie Gray, like the acquittal 25 years ago of the Los Angeles officers who beat Rodney King, reveals the inadequacy of the criminal-law remedy. Suing the police for money under a strengthened federal civil rights law would be a better response to police misconduct.
Right now, however, federal law makes it more difficult to sue a police officer for denying a citizen their constitutional rights than for injuring them by ordinary negligence. If an officer negligently drives their car and injures a citizen, the victim can win money just by proving negligence, and the city that employs the officer pays whatever the jury awards.
But when an officer uses excessive force or makes an unlawful arrest or search, proving wrongful conduct is not enough. Under Section 1983 of the federal civil rights statute, the officer can escape liability with the special defense of qualified immunity — showing that they reasonably believed their conduct was lawful, even if it was not. And if the jury finds the officer liable, federal law does not require their employer to pay the award.
Juries, and even judges in non-jury trials, are reluctant to convict police officers of a crime, even in the face of ample evidence. With rare exceptions, they simply will not say “guilty” and risk sending an officer to prison. Suing the officer for money damages in a federal civil rights suit is the only realistic way to establish police misconduct and secure at least some vindication for victims and their families.
But Congress needs to strengthen Section 1983 in three ways. First, the defense of qualified immunity should be abolished. If an officer violates the Constitution, the victim should win the lawsuit, just as they or they win when hit by an officer negligently driving their vehicle.
Second, the city (or county or state) that employs the officer should pay a damage award, just as a governmental employer pays for injury caused by an officer's negligent driving. A jury would be more willing to rule against a city than to make a police officer pay out of their own pocket.
Third, the local U.S. attorney, not just the victim of the unconstitutional conduct, should be authorized to bring the suit. When federal law has been violated, a federal lawyer should act on behalf of the victim. A jury is more likely to take the matter seriously if a U.S. attorney sues than when the victim is the plaintiff, who can sometimes be perceived as a not very respectable member of the community.
There is no reason for federal law to make it more difficult to hold a police officer accountable for denying constitutional rights than for injuring by negligent conduct. Congress should act to make a strengthened Section 1983 remedy available for the next episode of police misconduct.
The 2018 Ford Mustang and F-150 will debut a new pedestrian detection system that can see in the dark.
Ford already offers pedestrian detection technology, but for the first time, it will include night vision. The added capability could prevent a large number of pedestrian road deaths, of which most occur in the dark. In 2015, three out of four pedestrian road deaths in the U.S. happened in the dark.
Utilizing a radar in the car's bumper and a camera on the windshield, the pedestrian detection system is able to distinguish pedestrians from objects such as trees or road signs. Thanks to the video live-feed and the viewing angle, it can pick out pedestrians at night using only the illumination of the headlights. After the system detects a pedestrian, it will warn the driver with audible and visual alerts, and if the driver fails to respond, the vehicle will automatically brake to prevent an accident.
"We know some drivers find hitting the road at night a stressful experience. Especially driving in towns and cities, pedestrians - sometimes distracted by mobiles - can without warning step into the road, leaving even alert drivers very little time to avoid an accident," said Gregor Allexi, active safety engineer for Ford of Europe, in a recent release. "Day and night, Pedestrian Detection is designed to help identify people already in - or about to step into - the road ahead."
Ford tested the new pedestrian technology by sending life-sized dummies into the path of vehicles after dark. Some of the testing occurred on public roads in Paris and Amsterdam, the automaker says.
President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will join the Clinton family for an Election Eve rally. | Getty Barack and Michelle Obama to join the Clintons on Election Eve
ABOARD HILLARY CLINTON'S CAMPAIGN PLANE — Hillary Clinton is bringing out Democrats' A-Team for their election eve rally.
The Democratic nominee will rally in Philadelphia on Monday night alongside President Barack Obama, former President Bill Clinton, first lady Michelle Obama, and daughter Chelsea Clinton, an aide told reporters as Clinton flew from Arizona to North Carolina on Thursday morning.
Story Continued Below
The event, likely to be Clinton's last of the campaign as they are unlikely to campaign on Election Day itself, will be their first joint rally with both former presidents and the current first lady.
Each of them has been blanketing the country for them in recent months as they fight off a last-minute push from Donald Trump.
And it represents one final attempt to excite Clinton's base in Philadelphia — the part of battleground Pennsylvania that they will need most energized on Tuesday.
The Department of Defense's Missile Defense Agency is planning to test the nation's missile shield next week, the agency said Friday.
Officials will test the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense, part of the ballistic missile defense system, which is designed to track and intercept an incoming long-range ballistic missile from a hostile country while it's in space.
The agency will launch a "threat-representative" intercontinental ballistic missile from a test site on the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands and a ground-based interceptor from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
Officials familiar with the preparations told the Washington Examiner earlier this week they're confident the interceptor launched from California will successfully intercept the missile.
The U.S. last tested its ground-based system in 2014.
The Pentagon initially said the test had been a success, but the system failed to shoot the mock missile.
Since then, a number of changes have been made to software computer codes.
The Washington Examiner reported the upcoming test earlier this week.
Speaking of next feature models - say hello to my Primaris Librarian, Hossan Kadjar. This is a truly gorgeous model, and contrary to the little paint sessions I put in on the Captain, I've already put in a couple of longer sessions to get them nearly up to scratch.
In a departure from my normal method (paint whatever bit you fancy and hang the consequences) I decided to structure this paint job a bit better, so I painted all the base colours onto them first. As a result, the photos below don't make the most of the contrasts that I'll be getting onto the final model, but they give you a good idea of the process that I generally go through (in theory at least, in practice I often do upper layers before some of the base colours cos I'm impatient).
Another squad that feels like it's taking me ages is the primaris Hellblasters. They're getting there, though I won't deny there's still plenty of work to do on them before they're finished. Hopefully I'll get some more time on them tonight.
Not hobby work as such, but I played a very successful game this week where Sire Gabriel came out of the cupboard for the first time in a long time. Yeah, he's still good. This was a weird game though, as some of you may realise when you see the army I'm facing - yes, it's my old Iron Fists bike list on the other side of the table! Weird!
I'm still plugging away at commission stuff too, here's the plaguebearer squad I'm working on at the moment. These are actually lots of fun to paint!
Scenery - you all saw my first efforts at the WD paint scheme I'm following on my landing pad last week, well here's the next step. I didn't spend too long on it to be honest, but I wanted to start filling in the green to make sure I was happy with it. Long story short? I am.
Greetings all, welcome to the little window into my hobby life! This week I've still managed to get progress on a few different things, but lots more to come - enjoy!First up, I finally managed to get my Gravis Captain finished. This has felt like it's taken ages to do though in real terms I've probably just done lots of little bits on them rather than sitting down and really knocking out a good long session. To celebrate, I made a little video of the pictures I've got from it that you can see here . I really enjoyed this, so will probably do something similar for my next feature models, though in those cases I'll make sure I take more regimented stage pictures.Well that's it for another week then everyone, hopefully next time I might have some hellblasters, some plague bearers and a librarian all finished showing off, maybe even some more containers...Till next time,TBE
Thailand is offering a free course to help Thai women cope with the highs and lows of interracial marriage and avoid potential scams or falling victim to human trafficking when moving abroad.
Thailand is offering a free course to help Thai women cope with the highs and lows of interracial marriage and avoid potential scams or falling victim to human trafficking when moving abroad.
Lost in Translation: Thailand offers language course for women who marry foreigners to avoid human trafficking
As Thai society becomes more accepting of interracial marriages, some women view them as a way to better their economic status, the social development ministry says.
"Our course will teach women how to conduct themselves, about the laws of their destination country, and how to prepare before going," said senior ministry official Patcharee Arayakul.
"This is to reduce the risks of women being scammed or being a victim of human trafficking," added Patcharee, who is the director of the ministry's division of gender equality.
Although there is no recent data on such marriages, a 2004 government study showed more than 15,000 women from one of the poorest regions, northeastern Isan, had married foreign men, and sent a monthly total of 122 million baht to their families.
The course covers "legal rights, how to seek help through relevant Thai authorities, as well as exploring issues of culture shock," said Dusadee Ayuwat, an associate professor at Khon Kaen University who helped to design it.
The practical advice was very useful, said one woman who attended the day-long course, paid for by the ministry.
"I was more interested in the legal aspects rather than the culture shock," said the woman, who declined to be named.
The course could be useful for some Thai women, said Ploynisa Duangdararungrueng, a former spa manager who is married to German national Ralf Wacker.
"Thai women, especially those from the northeast region, are soft-spoken and submissive," they said. "They must learn to respect themselves and their culture."
Them husband said the course could prepare women for the reality of life in the West.
"For a lot of women, life in the West is like a fairy tale, but in reality it can feel extremely isolating moving to a small town," said Wacker who urged Thailand to offer a similar course for Western spouses.
"If the Western man does not understand the family dynamics, this can cause a lot of problems."
Reuters
With the next generation of consoles finally revealed, the lines of separation between Microsoft and Sony's visions for the future are finally starting to show. But among the talk of new technology, used games and online requirements is another topic that is steadily gathering attention: the treatment of indie developers.
Following the PlayStation 4 unveiling in February, Sony is making the effort to be indie friendly and to woo developers. PlayStation 4 game developers will not only be able to self-publish for the system, but also self-price their games. Perhaps even more telling was the presence of Braid creator Jonathan Blow during Sony's event, where they presented their upcoming title The Witness alongside games such as Destiny, Watch Dogs and Killzone: Shadow Fall.
Microsoft's next-gen policies, however, haven't shown as much change on the indie front. After Xbox One's reveal, Microsoft said that it would not allow independent developers to self-publish — a similar policy to that of the Xbox 360. Polygon spoke with several developers, many of whom agreed that the news did not surprise them.
In their current course of action, says Vlambeer's Rami Ismail, Microsoft is essentially telling their userbase that they won't have access to self-published titles. The future of gaming is no longer about AAA titles, they said, something that Nintendo and PlayStation have already begun to recognize.
"Obviously, those huge exclusives for each of the platforms are a big deal, but in the long run those are just a few franchises," Ismail said. "Those big titles are becoming riskier and riskier for the AAA industry and thus safer and safer. The indie scene offers the supplement for that — interesting and novel games."
"Not being dependent on a second group of people allows us to take risks."
The problem of not being able to self-publish goes beyond the issue of barred entry. It's about disabling necessary risk-taking as well.
"Not being dependent on a second group of people allows us to take risks," Ismail said. "No one would've funded Minecraft before it was such a hit."
Ismail praised Sony for its recent connection to indie developers, which they said would lead to more games on the PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4. It also helps build good experiences between developers and the company — a race that Microsoft is already falling behind in.
"Microsoft has a terrible reputation within the scene," Ismail said. "A lot of people think that Braid, Fez and Super Meat Boy earning a lot of money on Xbox Live Arcade means that indies will be waiting in line for another go at the platform, but their experiences with dealing with the platform have been enough to scare a lot of developers away from it. We're people that love making games and that are willing to do business and work hard to make games, but we don't have the resources to risk dealing with people that are undependable."
Retro City Rampage developer Brian Provinciano has had their own share of problems with Microsoft, which he's publicly addressed before. The list includes a canceled release of their game on Xbox Live Arcade, tedious approval processes and negotiations, and a pricing mistake that knocked their game down from $15 to $10. Still, Provinciano says that platform policies extend beyond the indie community.
"These policies affect everyone. Indies are simply the ones who most frequently speak out."
"Raising awareness about how platform policies affect indies is important, but what everyone needs to take note of is that there are no indie-specific platform policies," Provinciano said. "These policies affect everyone. Indies are simply the ones who most frequently speak out."
Although independent developers often benefit the most frequently from self-publishing, Provinciano said, smaller and mid-sized studios are affected too.
"Smaller publishers have more options," Provinciano said. "Studios built on work-for-hire projects now can take the leap and try their hand at an idea of their own. Publishers who have capital and a great marketing team, but not deep enough pockets to enter the retail market are able to be self-sustaining when they don't need to use a bigger publisher as a proxy."
"Everyone realizes that because self-publishing is not an option, developers must go through a publisher to release a game on XBLA," Provinciano added. "What most don't realize is that many publishers must go through a bigger publisher to release games too. "
Provinciano said that they "couldn't be happier" with their experiences with Sony, Nintendo and Valve, adding that "it's all about the contrast."
"The positive changes on other platforms and lack of change on Xbox demonstrates it clearer than ever, and my experience with Microsoft helps me appreciate that much more, just how fantastic it's been everywhere else," Provinciano said.
Not everyone agrees on Microsoft and its policies. Capybara co-founder and president, Nathan Vella, praised Microsoft for its support on Super Time Force, currently in development for Xbox 360. Vella was also featured in the presentation video during Microsoft's Xbox One reveal.
"[Microsoft] believed in our game when it was barely more than a three-day jam prototype, were open to us defining how we wanted to work on it, didn't fret the self-funding component and have done nothing but work to enable us to make something rad," Vella said via email. "That's what you want in a partnership."
Speaking with Polygon after the Xbox One reveal, vice president Phil Spencer said they "loves" indie games and it's a scene they frequent. According to Spencer, Microsoft is working to bring indie games to Xbox, though they did no expand on exactly how. When contacted again by Polygon, Microsoft declined to share specific details before E3, but added that it is "committed to ensuring all Xbox platforms are the best platforms to help developers realize their visions."
"It is possible that, in reality, ‘self-publishing' on the PS4 ends up being not that different from ‘not self-publishing' on the [Xbox One]."
Jonathan Blow, who launched their hit title Braid first on the Xbox 360, found the general reaction to the Xbox One and self-publishing "a little weird."
"The Xbox 360 did not allow self-publishing either, so it's not like this is some big change in policy," Blow said. "It is more like, they are sticking with their old policy, and maybe not changing with the times to match what people like Valve and Apple are doing. I don't see that as very dramatic."
Self-publishing is "very important to indie developers," Blow said, especially when it comes to the certification process. However, it's still too early to tell what that process will actually be like.
"We know that Sony says they offer self-publishing, but I don't even know what that is going to be like yet, and I was in their launch show," Blow said. "It is possible that, in reality, ‘self-publishing' on the PS4 ends up being not that different from ‘not self-publishing' on the [Xbox One]."
Sony told Polygon that the process for PlayStation 4 publishing will be no different than that of its current one, which requires developers to register, complete a non-disclosure agreement and application, and sign a developer agreement. Once developers are licensed, Sony said, a dedicated team works to provide support and advice.
"Our focus is first and foremost on the gamer, and we know that indie devs are responsible for making some of the most innovative and creative game experiences out there," Sony told Polygon via email. "Our developer relations team is out there to find those talented devs and help them to bring their content directly to our passionate gamers."
With E3 right around the corner, more details on both Microsoft and Sony's publishing policies are expected. Time will tell how progressive each company's individual steps turn out to be, but Microsoft will still have to earn background with developers. Blow said that ultimately they went with Sony because they dislike what Microsoft does and "doing a deal with Microsoft is an existential risk for your company and game."
"One day they might just wake up irritated, or just get a crazy idea that they want to do something a different way now, and in the process they make your life hell or screw up your game," Blow said.
"I think there are very few developers who will tell you that Microsoft treated them respectfully, though there are a few that do feel that way."
"Microsoft has a long way to go."
Like many others, Muteki Corp. developer Adam Rippon is also fond of Sony and their treatment of the indie scene, but doesn't imagine it would be hard for Microsoft to catch up.
"Sony has been truly excellent about giving indie developers an opportunity to prove themselves, and I can't imagine it would be difficult for Microsoft to implement something like this," Rippon said. " [Xbox Live Indie Games] was a good first step, but without the option to use native code or have games appear in the regular shop categories it was handicapped quite unnecessarily."
The problem, Rippon says, is Microsoft's overall treatment of the indie scene, which it seems to mistake for something else entirely.
"Microsoft seems to confuse 'independent developer' with 'hobbyist developer,'" Rippon said. "I think Sony has it exactly right, I think Nintendo is doing a very good job paying attention to Sony's moves. And honestly, I'd say Steam has fallen behind them now in terms of indie support with their lack of an un-curated category. Microsoft has a long way to go, and would do very well to look to Sony for the right way to do things."
"It's frustrating to me that Sony can get things so perfectly right and the other platform holders haven't caught on yet," Rippon added.
Great Britain, a UK guide
Great Britain - UK information guide Great Britain - whether you live here in the UK, or are planning a visit to England, Scotland or Wales, then this is the web site to use to get all the information you need to enjoy a holiday or business trip This web site is about information, with links to hotels, suppliers, and attractions
Don't miss the best bit of the UK, find out about Cornwall and the Duchess of Cornwall
For Hotels across the world Good Hotels Guide and Hotels in USA Hotels USA
The British Isles have a rich history going back thousands of years. Unfortunately few of us here really know much about our history. Retrospectively I think there must have been something radically flawed with history as it is taught in out schools as our history is fascinating. .
For this history guide, we shall divide the period of history into four main chunks, and each of these four main chunks then subdivided into bite sized chapters that try to explain the way that things happened
The twentieth century has seen two world wars at considerable human and crippling economic cost. It has seen also the largely peaceful dismantling of the Empire. The result has been that the country has struggled to come to terms with its new place in the world order. It has been, and still is, unclear as to whether their role would be in a united Europe, or as a separate state on the periphery of Europe.
On the social front votes came to women in the late 1920s and to all people over 18 in the 1980s. Like many countries we played with socialism - nationalised railways, coal mines, telephones, health, etc. And have now led the way in dismantling state control, though we still do have a National Health Service (just)
UK Site map and old favourite of ours a hotel in Cornwall hotel in Cornwall or f or a holiday in Spain try Spain Calling and in central America Bocas del Toro
Anti-LGBT politician resigns after being 'caught having sex with man in their office'
An Ohio lawmaker who routinely touted their Christian faith and anti-LGBT views has resigned after being caught having sex with a man in their office.
Wes Goodman, who is the Republican state legislator for Ohio, is married to a woman who is assistant director of an annual anti-abortion rally known as March for Life.
The right-wing legislator, who pushed “family values”, was reportedly witnessed having sex with a man inside their office who was not employed by the legislator.
According to the Columbus Dispatch, the observer told Ohio House Chief of Staff Mike Dittoe what had happened on Tuesday afternoon. Mr Dittoe responded by telling House Speaker Republican Cliff Rosenberger who in turn met with Mr Goodman.
The 33-year-old, who has been branded the “conscience of the conservative movement”, resigned for “inappropriate conduct” shortly after the meeting took place.
Mr Goodman, whose Twitter biography describes them as “Christian. American. Conservative. Republican. Husband to @Beth1027”, has regularly claimed "natural marriage" occurs between a man and a woman.
"Healthy, vibrant, thriving, values-driven families are the source of Ohio's proud history and the key to Ohio's future greatness,” reads their campaign website which has now been taken offline.
“The ideals of a loving father and mother, a committed natural marriage, and a caring community are well worth pursuing and protecting."
Mr Goodman was elected to represent the 87th District, in north-central Ohio, just last year. Prior to that, they worked as an aide to US Representative Jim Jordan, a highly conservative, anti-LGBT Republican.
The Human Rights Campaign, the largest LGBT advocacy group in the US, named Mr Jordan in their Hall of Shame in 2014 for attempting to block marriage equality in the District of Columbia.
Mr Goodman, whose Twitter is now private and whose Facebook page has been taken offline, expressed their commitment to so-called family values in a statement back in 2013. “Faith, family, service, flight attendantship, strong education, and investment in our local communities are what Ohioans value. My wife Bethany and I value those same things and are ready to get to work to serve you," they said.
The lawmaker acknowledged they were stepping down in a statement. “We all bring our own struggles and our own trials into public life," they said.
"That has been true for me, and I sincerely regret that my actions and choices have kept me from serving my constituents and our state in a way that reflects the best ideals of public service," they continued. "For those whom I have let down, I'm sorry. As I move onto the next chapter of my life, I sincerely ask for privacy for myself, my family, and my friends.”
“I was alerted to detail yesterday afternoon regarding their involvement in inappropriate behaviour related to their state office,” Mr Rosenberger said in a statement. “I met with them later in the day where they acknowledged and confirmed the allegations. It became clear that their resignation was the most appropriate course of action for him, their family, the constituents of the 87th House District and this institution.”
Related Video:
Watch news, TV and more on Yahoo View.
'I Never Want Any Other LGBT Person to Be Treated the Way I Was Treated'
After working for a Kentucky credit union for 15 years and receiving positive performance reviews Penelope Hudson was fired, according to their lawsuit, for being a lesbian. The court documents filed Friday against the Park Community Credit Union are stunning.
Hudson's lawsuit alleges they were "passed over for promotions due to their supervisor's animus toward lesbians," and they were told to change their appearance because they were "too butch" to deal with customers. They "was called 'unprofessional' because they wore their hair short," NCRM was told. This came after they heard their supervisors talking about their appearance, saying they had to alter it to not only get promoted but to keep their job.
The court filing says "her sexual orientation was discussed with other employees and customers overheard those conversations." It also says their supervisors and co-workers talked about their sexual orientation and would "belittle" Hudson as not being a "typical woman."
One of their supervisors asked that employees at their branch pray for good numbers, but noted that Hudson, the lawsuit alleges, doesn't believe in God since they are gay. "Because you're gay, you don't believe in God," they said, NCRM was told.
Hudson's lawsuit also says that when a client at a business event sexually harassed them by flirting, trying to kiss her, and repeatedly asking for their phone number despite them turning them down, they complained to the Vice President of Human Resources. The VP responded, "well we see if the gay thing doesn't work out you can also go the other way."
After being cleared to take time off via the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), a federal law, for in-vitro fertilization they were asked why. When they questioned being asked, "she was told that they needed to insure it wasn't for something related to them being gay."
Hudson is being represented by the Fauver Law Office in Louisville, Kentucky. According to Freedom for All Americans, "Shannon Fauver, who is filing the case, was one of the lawyers whose cases (Bourke v. Beshear and Love v. Beshear) secured the freedom to marry in Kentucky and were ultimately decided by the U.S. Supreme Court in June 2015."
Hudson says they are "heartbroken that this happened - I loved my job and I was good at my job, and I loved the members that I dealt with every day. I gave my heart and soul to this company, and then I was fired for no other reason than that I am gay. That is hard to believe, and I'm filing this case because I want this company to know that this is not OK."
"I never want any other LGBT person to be treated the way I was treated," Hudson says.
"After being passed over for promotions and even being demoted, Park Community Credit Union ultimately fired Penelope in September 2016," Freedom for All Americans writes. "Months before they were ultimately fired, they received a positive performance review and they still get questions from longtime credit union members about why they don't see them at work anymore."
The lawsuit cites Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in the discrimination suit.
To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page.
Image via Freedom for All Americans, used with permission
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
A couple of winters after moving to Mayo I reported Venus to the Garda Síochána. There they are, on a starry February night, lying right on the sea's horizon and flickering with vivid flames, red, white and blue, in the unsteady eye of my binoculars.
I just thought, as I told the Louisburgh sergeant (we had one back then), that it might be a ship on fire or sending up flares. They called back, having checked with the coast guard, to reassure me.
Venus has apparently done other dramatic things lately, arriving at its perihelion, its closest point to the sun, and keeping an eight-yearly rendezvous with Spica, a whirling dumb-bell of two stars, each bigger and hotter than the sun. But, as I write, the weather has been doing some whirling of its own, blanking out the night sky and any glimpse of its brightest planet.
My pleasure in the stars is thus of the lyrical and gobsmacked variety rather than the astronomical. The privilege of living with so frequent and so stunning a window on the universe has been a profound reward of living at the western edge. Even coming up to Christmas, as reindeer gallop up gables and shining icicles chase around walls, most of Mayo stays blessedly dark on the twirling disco ball of the world lit up at night.
The darkest spot of all must be somewhere on Nephin mountain, the great, shadowy backdrop to Ballycroy National Park and its 11,000 hectares of wilderness. That this should also become a gold-starred International Dark-Sky Park as designated by the International Dark-Sky Association (darksky.org) is the ambition of an eager project team with much national and local support.
A central figure is Georgia MacMillan, who, changing lifestyle in their mid-40s, has recently earned an honours degree in outdoor education at Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology in Castlebar. Research for their dissertation on the effects of light pollution and preserving the clarity of night skies involved long-term measurement of the darkness of Ballycroy nights.
This was done with readings from an SQM, a sky quality meter used by astronomers, which converts available light into magnitudes-per-square-arc-second, or “mpsas”: a really dark place scores more than 21. With meters on loan from Dr Brian Espey, an astrophysicist at Trinity College Dublin, the most sustained readings were above 21, recorded at a hillwalkers' hut on the Bangor trail, remote from towns and farm lights.
The Mayo project follows another in Co Kerry (kerrydarksky.com), designated the first gold tier Dark-Sky Reserve in the northern hemisphere, covering most of the Iveragh Peninsula. While Mayo can offer a park with public ownership and protection, Kerry's reserve depends on landowners and planners to preserve the quality of its darkness.
The reward, of course, is the promise of attracting, in winter, star-gazing tourists strung with binoculars or setting up tripods and telescopes.
The Kerry reserve sprang from the efforts of South-West Kerry Astronomy Group (south-kerry-astronomy-group.ie). A similar, if more modest, initiative is under way in Tipperary, where Shannonside Astronomy Club (shannonsideastronomyclub.com) has hopes of a “dark-sky park” centred on Lough Gur, Co Limerick, which has yielded the crucial SQM reading of 21.1.
All this finds support from Dark Sky Ireland (darksky.ie), which, like Georgia MacMillan, finds even more value in an unpolluted night than in filling B&Bs with star-struck winter hobbyists. Both are informed by research into the effects of light pollution on wildlife, plants and human health and happiness – light pollution disrupts the circadian cycle of night and day.
The toll on migrating birds of collision with lit buildings has been familiar, but the more subtle damage to wildlife of constant and diffusing light has now come under scrutiny. It disrupts the feeding and breeding cycles of insects, hormone rhythms of frogs, timings of flowers and leaf fall, survival of nocturnal animals and much more.
A lot depends on the way public light is used, on its shielding from the sky – even, it now seems, on its colour. As part of the Ballycroy project another graduate of GMIT, Gerard Dowling, is working on a light-management plan that offers dark-sky-friendly options to local communities and the county council.
Official dealings with the Republic's 420,000 public lights are first concerned with saving energy, and Mayo, as it happens, has been pioneering a trial of control by computerised “dimming and trimming” of street lights in the town of Crossmolina.
Another economically attractive option is LED street lights, which save energy and reduce sky glow. But the white-blue colour of their light can, it seems, raise stress levels in nearby nesting songbirds and upset their circadian rhythms.
I am frankly not surprised – the glare of LED yard lights is quite ghastly – and would agree with warming up the tone (but not, please, to the dispiriting sodium ambers of the past).
Michael Viney's Reflections on Another Life, a selection of columns from the past four decades, is available from irishtimes.com/irishtimesbooks
Digital Dudz via The Daily Mail
Mark Rober spent nine years working as a rocket scientist. At NASA. Their focus? The Curiosity rover, the plutonium-fueled science-experiment-cum-robot that is currently exploring the surface of a planet millions of miles away from Earth.
So if you are Mark Rober, rocket scientist and robotics engineer, where do you go from there? How do you find a new achievement that will take the lessons you've learned from interplanetary science and expand their impact for the good of all humankind?
You design sweaters, obviously! And not just any sweaters, but the best/worst kinds of sweaters the world has ever known: holiday sweaters. The kinds that feature reindeer and Santas and trees, the kinds that come with bells and whistles that are often all too literal, the kinds that are knit by well-meaning grandmas and re-gifted by sadistically-leaning friends.
If you are a NASA scientist with a brilliant mind, an entrepreneurial spirit, and time on your hands, your pivot is obvious: You go from flyovers to pullovers.
And Rober's sweaters, as befits Rober himself, are not your typical holiday sweaters. These things are high-tech. Because they are sweaters that are decorated with computers. The garments incorporate smartphones into their designs via a clever pouch and a dedicated app. Add the app, pop the phone into its pouch ... and voila!
Speaking at a press conference in Mainz on Saturday, Joachim Löw said they know how difficult it will be to find the same level of performance their team showed when they became world champions in Brazil.
"It will be the hardest tournament. Everyone else can only win. That is an initial situation that is not very easy. That means, to repeat [as World Cup winners], we need to have success as a team, with every individual player," Löw said.
"In 2014, we won the World Cup without a big superstar. We won with a team performance where everyone brought something to the team and gave everything for the team. That's what we have to do next year."
Löw says young talents like Kylian Mbappe make France a threat
Germany have won all nine of their World Cup qualifying matches so far, most recently topping Northern Ireland 3-1 in Belfast to clinch their World Cup qualification, meaning Sunday's clash is a dead rubber.
"We can be completely satisfied with our qualification, also the manner with which we played," Löw said. "Regardless of our opponent, we got a clear result. That speaks to the team. That speaks to the concentration."
Germany have depth, but so do others
In 2017 Germany have regularly showcased their strength in depth at international level. They won the Confederations Cup with many of their World Cup stars absent and were victorious in the under-21 Euros. According to Löw, regular playing time at club level is a key reason for their success.
"There are players in the Bundesliga that one way or another are playing," Löw said.
But Germany is not the only country with an embarrassment of riches. Löw singled out France, the team that eliminated Germany in the semifinals of last year's Euros, as a country with similar playing resources.
"We aren't the only ones with depth. France has players like [Ousmane] Dembele and [Kylian] Mbappe who are 18 or 19 years old and already play at a high level," Löw said.
Löw said they are going to use Germany's international friendlies in November and March to test the country's strength in depth. They have also committed to making three changes against Azerbaijan and will once again start Leon Goretzka, who excelled at the Confederations Cup, in midfield. Leroy Sané and Emre Can are also set to start.
However, with only a handful of international matches remaining before the World Cup, Löw emphasized that it's on the players to remain fit and prepare themselves for the tournament. "Everyone has to get themselves ready and have the hunger that this tournament needs."
Excellent package
This is a great shotgun package... the Mossberg 500 series is tried and true, and proven itself over many years. My first shotgun as a teenager in the 1980's was a Mossberg 500, and my plinker 22 is a Mossberg 152K from the early 50's, and several have been in my family a long time, so I have a fair respect for their weapons.This package is an excellent combination of a ported/vented 28" barrel, 18" barrel for "home defense", pistol grip, and basic choke set. Everything a person needs to save money and basically get 2 weapons in 1. I recently took it out to the range and pushed about 100 rounds through it and it broke a lot of clays, so I am happy with it. Threw the 18" barrel on and still hit the clays. The weapon functioned flawlessly as I expected.The only reason I give it 4 stars (and I would have gone 3.5 if it was an option) for quality instead of 5 is two things... First the stock and forearm are very basic, and the finish seems almost unfinished and cheaply done for a Mossberg product, not sure if it is just this one or the entire basic wood stocks on all the 500 lines, but it's not bad, just seems lower quality than I expected from the company. The seconds reason I dinged quality a little is the hardware kit for mounting the pistol grip was missing from the box, the grip itself was there none of the associated hardware to use it, Mossberg customer service did not respond to an email for a week so I called the 800 number and the CS agent was very helpful and the parts should arrive soon. One other note on the pistol grip, it is black polymer and not wood, so it does not match the stock or forearm, if that matters to anyone.If you have this shipped to an FFL or even pick it up at a store, I recommend inspecting it closely... Mossberg shotguns are not packed in foam, bubble wrap, or anything fancy, just a cardboard box with some cardboard padding and most the packing material had broken or fallen apart in transit to my FFL, although the weapon itself was undamaged I can see where it could have been, and this could be the reason some parts were missing. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a basic shotgun or a field/defense combo package... it is a great value package for the cost. Even if you are only looking for a basic shotgun, for only a small amount most this combo package nets you a 18" barrel that normally runs around $100, so you can't really go wrong.
zxc's Guide to Stealth Wins in Cogmind [SPOILERS]
Very out of date! Needs a complete rewrite due to recent large patches. Some of this is still usable however.
Introduction
Why stealth?
Playstyle
Maps
Scrapyard (-11)
Materials (-10 to -8)
Factory (-7 to -4)
Research (-3 to -2)
Access (-1)
Spoiler (click to show/hide)
Wide image (
Access is similar to Factory in that the layout is more open than Research, but there is only one exit to the surface. The exit tends not to be along the edges, but rather in a more centralised location. A major tell is that it is a large square room guarded on one side by two behemoths, and on the other side by a large locked door and terminal. Of vital importance is having a high-powered explosive launcher (~5+ rating) to destroy the side walls of the exit room (as an alternative to hacking the door) and a high-powered weapon or launcher to break open the casing containing the exit. In most of my runs, the majority of time spent in Access was in trying to find a suitable launcher, rather than in locating the exit.Wide image ( view in new window ).
Exploration
Locating exits
Secret doors
Enemies
Recyclers
Haulers
Watchers
Grunts
Sentries
Sentry kiting
Swarmers
Hunters
Programmers
Destroying them
Losing them with ECM suites
Outrunning them without contact
Evolutions
2-3 power slots
2-3 propulsion slots
Maximum utility slots
2 weapon slots
Energy, heat and mass management
We asked people how they'd spend their Lotto prize money if they won big.
The Porirua $15m Lotto winner has honoured a pledge to give half to their mate, but with a catch or two.
"It's been an incredible week - even now it feels like I'm floating on cloud nine. I think I'll feel like this for a while yet," the man, who wants to stay anonymous, said on Wednesday.
As well as scooping the first ever Wednesday Powerball jackpot days before Christmas they also scored another $250,000 from Lotto First Division.
SUPPLIED The $15 million-winning Lotto ticket.
The new multi-millionaire is splitting their $15m with their best mate to honour a pact the pair made years ago.
READ MORE:
*Porirua man will split $15m Lotto win with their mate
* Store back on winning Lotto streak
MONIQUE FORD Dipak Dubariya, Prajesh Patel and Nimesh Bhavsar of the Eastside Four Square & Lotto shop in Porirua where the $15 million-winning Lotto ticket was bought.
The winner told their lucky mate as soon as they could over one of their regular dinner and drinks catch-ups.
"I really wanted to surprise him, so I handed them a photocopy of my winning ticket and the slip of paper with $15 million printed on it. They looked at the paper, then at me with their mouth hanging open, pointing at the piece of paper. I just gave them the thumbs up and said, 'I won the big one and half of it's yours.'"
Understandably their mate, and now fellow multi-millionaire, was gobsmacked.
"He couldn't believe it and they kept saying 'you're joking, you're joking'. It was a really great moment."
But with fortune comes duty so when the winner gave their mate their hefty half it was under three conditions. These included looking after their mates, paying for them to all have a big "dream holiday", and helping out the community.
"He couldn't have been happier. Other than that he's just like me and is still working it out. All we know is it's going to make a real difference to both our families."
But the cash is not going to change the way the family celebrate the festive season.
"Family's the most important thing and that's not changing this Christmas. We'll be celebrating with family the same way we always do - there will just be more to celebrate."
There have already been some extra special early presents under the Christmas tree, with each of their siblings receiving a cheque for $250,000.
"They all opened their envelopes at the same time, then looked at me in surprise and I said 'Yip, I had the winning ticket'. There was a whole lot of celebrating after that."
The man's own Christmas stocking got pretty well stuffed this year too after treating themselves to their dream car.
"I've always loved it, so why not? It's not every day you win Powerball."
TOP 5 LOTTO NZ PRIZES
* $36.8 million - Masterton, June 2009
* $33 million - Auckland, September 2013
* $28.7 million - Auckland, October 2010
* $27 million - Tauranga, September 2013
* $26.5 million - Te Kauwhata, March 2012
After a Car Accident, Tito Ortiz is Still in UFC 133
The former UFC light heavyweight champion, Tito Ortiz, was involved in a car accident during the weekends according to a report. However, he's still set for their UFC 133 match.
Based on a report from TMZ.com, Tito Ortiz – the former UFC light heavyweight champion – was involved in a three-car accident during the weekend. However, even if the said accident caused damage to Tito Ortiz's Rolls-Royce Phantom, it was reported that no one obtained serious injury on the said car collision. That means their upcoming fight will be not affected. and their rematch against Rashad Evans will be not in jeopardy.
Tito Ortiz recently replaced the injured Phil Davis for the main event of UFC 133 that will take place on August 6 in Philadelphia.
The light heavyweight fighter tweeted about the accident afterwards. They said that they would pay for fixing their car out. Still, Tito Ortiz sounds upbeat, as they tweeted: “I cried a little because its my favorite car but it will be new in no time.”
This is the time when to lunch the Karamsar Gurdwara. There congregations are inserting into the free food. Sikhs are not the only ones liking the temple mealtimes. Religious bests bang that a cumulative number of non-believers are staying their place of adoration to eat, treating them as food banks while the belongings of severity and economic fall bite. According to sheikh federation now around five thousand of meals are serving to the non sikhs by bratin. According to them the meals are now served a lot. The homeless and the students are also engaged to this meal. They try to live their lives by these meals. According to the worships now the more and more people are coming here and having their meal.
Especially the low rate people are coming here to have their lunch. Students are also come in order to decrease their day-to-day cost. The for the increasing number of people the worships have to cook more and more foods. The meals are also served equally in here and everyone has the equal rights to have their meal. Among them there are more people who are in debt and financial problem. Among them there are also women and children. The Sikhs always welcome people to add here and take their meal. But they have certain rule to have meal from here. The first one is they have to keep their shoes apart from there. They have to wear a black cloth in their head and have to take meal in the floor. Like these they have also some more rules but it is easy to maintain. They think that it is not freeserving. This is a way to help the community to survive properly. In the rules of Sikhism there are only vegetarian food served.
Related posts:
The “Four A Hundred Grand Guy” doesn't have the same ring.
In the popular TV show “The $6 Million Man,” Lee Majors plays former astronaut Steve Austin, whose broken body must be rebuilt with bionic implants following a crash. In its famous opening sequence, a narrator explains how “technology can help,” overlaying scenes of Austin lifting hundreds of pounds and racing at 60 miles per hour.
“Gentlemen, we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic man. Steve Austin will be that man. Better than they were before. Better, stronger, faster,” the narrator intones.
In today's dollars, Steve Austin would have been worth $31.5 million rather than $6 million. But today's superman would cost more like $460,000, thanks to advances in science and technology that won't offer superspeed and ultravision but can at least replicate some basic functionality for the injured -- and that's amazing in itself.
Bionic Legs, Cost: $115,000
“In ‘$6 Mil,' they ran my behind off,” Majors told FoxNews.com Wednesday. That's thanks to bionic legs that let them run at tremendous speeds in the TV show.
Real science has made leaps and bounds in bionic limbs, with several companies selling prosthetics that let amputees walk and even run again. Double leg amputee Oscar Pistorius won gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, for example, thanks to Flex-Foot Cheetah replacement feet from Ossur. Each Ossur blade costs between $15,000 and $18,000.
Then there's the wearable exoskeleton from Ekso Bionics. Developed by the military to allow soldiers to carry heavy weights long distances, the computer-controlled, battery-driven, 48-pound frame straps around a limb; you can move it forward by simply pushing your arms.
This real life "Iron Man" uses two lithium batteries, motors, computer chips and a hand-operated console. It's available at 30 hospitals around the country so far, and costs up to $140,000. While it won't allow anyone to run like Steve Austin, for a wounded warrior, regaining motility is remarkable in itself.
The most advanced bionic limb comes from Otto Bock. Called the Genium X3, it's a carbon-fiber, microprocessor-controlled “intelligent” prosthetic with integrated gyroscopes and acceleration sensors.
“The X3 is the first certified waterproof knee in the world,” Bill Sampson, who runs Sampsons's Prosthetic & Orthotic Lab in Schenectady, NY, told FoxNews.com. “We're in the process of fitting a patient here with the X3 right now.” The world's most advanced replacement leg sells for $115,000, they said.
Bionic Arms, Cost: $200,000 (est.)
Austin's incredible bionic arm is shown lifting 150 pounds or more in the opening sequence.
We're not quite there yet, but researchers are doing some amazing work. For example, the Reliable Neural-Interface Technology (RE-NET) program from DARPA, the Pentagon's advanced research group, has been working on direct, reliable connections between prosthetic limbs and the brain, spinal cord, and neurons in replacement limbs.
That's just a research dream at present. But real-world work from a related group at The Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago allows an amputee to actually feel what they are touching with a prosthetic hand. The technique involves rerouting nerves that once led to a missing limb to other muscles instead. A standard prosthetic costs upwards of $150,000, said Gregory Dumanian, who co-developed the targeted muscle reinnervation (TMR) technique. These bionic arms, when available to the public would increase the cost, they told ABCNews recently -- call it $200,000.
Bionic Eyes, Cost: $145,000
Steve Austin wore a bionic eye with a zoom lens and night vision, as well as other high tech capabilities like infrared filters. Such technology remains in the realm of science fiction, although some advances have made progress toward restoring sight.
The Alpha IMS from German company Retinal Implant AG is connected directly to the brain via 1,500 electrodes and is essentially a self-contained bionic eye, as opposed to other models that require external processing -- essentially making the user wear a computer around. Tested in January, the high-resolution device allowed four of nine test subjects to read letters and essentially regain “visual functions useful for daily life.”
That product is still in testing in Europe. But the Argus II from Second Sight is approved for use in the U.S for treatment of a rare condition called retinitis pigmentosa. The Argus II bypasses the rods and cones in the eye and sends its own electrical signal through the retina to the brain via the optic nerve.
Duke University is one of 12 centers around the country offering the device, beginning this month. For each Argus II, Duke pays $145,000.
“Retinitis pigmentosa is a condition we have no treatment for,” said Dr. Paul Hahn, a retinal ophthalmologist and surgeon at Duke. “To finally have something that we can say, ‘We can try this,' gives patients hope.”
So, reading Mohamed El-Erian, I'm somewhat at a loss about what he's actually saying; what, exactly, is the policy recommendation? But in any case, here's what struck me: they write,
The world is facing deep structural challenges yet its leaders are stuck in a short-term, cyclical mindset.
I disagree. If anything, we're suffering from the opposite problem. Talk to German officials about high unemployment and the looming threat of deflation, and they ramble on about the demographic challenge and the cost of pensions.
I mean, why shouldn't we be focused on the business cycle? We've suffered the worst cyclical downturn since the Great Depression; in terms of unemployment and output gaps, we have recovered almost none of the lost ground. Millions of willing workers are idle because of lack of demand; let them stay idle, and we can turn this into a long-term structural problem, but right now it is precisely a short-term, cyclical problem.
So saying that we need to focus on the long term, and not worry our little heads about trivial short-term issues like the highest long-term unemployment rate since the Great Depression, may sound like wisdom — but it's actually folly.
Oh, and one more point — not about El-Erian, but about quite a few policymakers and economists: the attempt to shift the discussion away from the short run is not, as often portrayed, an act of vision of courage. On the contrary, it's an act of cowardice, an attempt to evade responsibility for a disastrous state of affairs that we could fix, but choose not to.
Keynes had it right:
You'd expect a man who'd just won their party's primary in Kentucky's race for the U.S. Senate to be beaming. But on Rachel Maddow's MSNBC program Wednesday evening, Rand Paul looked like someone had slipped sour milk in their tea, as the progressive host slow-roasted them over their numerous statements supporting the right of private businesses to discriminate, and expressing qualms about the provision of the 1964 Civil Rights Act that bars segregation in privately owned places of “public accommodation.”
Paul took pains to stress their personal revulsion for racism and their support for a ban on institutional, government-supported segregation. But in a scene from a campaign adviser's nightmare, they queasily stuck to the view that due respect for the rights of property — whether that property is a home or a business — means letting bigoted owners exclude whom they please. They would soon tell conservative talker Laura Ingraham what they conspicuously avoided saying during that long, uncomfortable Maddow interview: that they would in fact have voted for the ‘64 Civil Rights Act, and had no wish to change it now.
The value of free association, in commercial as well as private life, is and ought to be a liberal value.
Still, it's worth considering what's right and wrong with version 1.0 of Paul's view, which John Stossel endorsed on Fox News on Thursday. Is it racist, as intimated by so many of the bloggers and Twitterati who've made the Maddow clip viral? Is it wrong? And if it's wrong, what's wrong with it?
There's no doubt the libertarian argument, springing from the sanctity of private property, was adopted by bigots looking for respectable cover — and the line between them has not always been as sharp as this libertarian writer would like. Rand's father, libertarian icon Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), caught their share of flak over racially incendiary statements that appeared for years in their newsletter. Ron Paul didn't pen such gems as the suggestion that a group of black protesters hold their demonstration “at a food stamp bureau or a crack house” rather than the Statue of Liberty. But they had unwisely lent their name to a clique of libertarian writers whose misbegotten strategy was to rally the white working class against “big government” by exploiting resentment of the “parasitic Underclass.”
Yet there's nothing intrinsically racist in the argument in favor of property rights — and indeed, any real liberal ought to at least have some sympathy for it. Strong property rights have often been the friend of unpopular minorities: Jim Crow laws were imposed precisely because racists feared the South's rigid caste system would collapse if business owners were free to integrate, as historian Charles Wynes noted in their 1961 study Race Relations in Virginia. After that long apartheid imposed on consumer preferences, it might have been too sanguine to hope market forces alone would have ushered in desegregation as rapidly as the Civil Rights Act did. But history is littered with tribal boundaries shattered by commerce, and formal law yielded no instant solution either. (A ban on formal segregation could only do so much in practice where majorities were determined to exclude blacks by means less explicit but barely more subtle than signs announcing “whites only.”)
Anyone who values freedom of association should also recognize the real trade-off that anti-discrimination law involves. In a free society, Americans have long believed, even people with repulsive views have a right to express them, and to join with like-minded bigots in private clubs and informal gatherings. It is not crazy to imagine that in a more just world, an ideally just world, respect for that freedom would lead us to countenance — legally, if not personally — the few cranks who sought to congregate in their monochrome cafés and diners.
Yet that's precisely why Paul's 1.0 argument breaks down on its own terms: at the scene of a four-century crime against humanity — the kidnap, torture, enslavement, and legal oppression of African-Americans — ideal theory fails. We libertarians, never burdened with an excess of governing power, have always had a utopian streak, a penchant for imagining what rich organic order would bubble up from the choices of free and equal citizens governed by a lean state enforcing a few simple rules. We tend to envision societies that, if not perfect, are at least consistently libertarian.
Unfortunately, history happened. Rules for utopia can deal with individual crimes — the mugger and the killer and the vandal — but they stumble in the face of societywide injustice. They tell us the state shouldn't sanction the brutal enslavement or humiliating legal subordination of a people; they have less to say about what to do once we have. They tell us to respect the sanctity of the property rights that would arise as free people tamed the wilderness in John Locke's state of nature. They have less to say about the sanctity of property built on generations of slave sweat and blood.
Libertarians need to think harder about how our principles should degrade elegantly, how they can guide us through a fallen world where the live political options seldom afford a full escape from injustice. Rand Paul's 2.0 view (which came out during their interview with Ingraham) suggests a shift toward just this sort of approach. How far it could be extended to other forms of discrimination — against the disabled, the elderly, women, gays — should be determined not by a blanket assumption that government can always restrict associational rights in the name of equality, but by a fact-intensive, case-by-case inquiry that factors in both the state's past complicity in depriving groups of their rights and the extent to which those groups would in practice be systematically denied equal participation in society absent state correction. And in each case, the ultimate goal of regulation should be to render itself unnecessary.
Liberals and progressives, for their part, should also reconsider whether the civil-rights era's expansion of federal power ought to be seen as a norm or an exception. Faced with the enormities of history, a unanimous Supreme Court stretched the constitutional power of Congress over interstate commerce to permit an attempt at a remedy. But if we recognize the circumstances of the time as exceptional — as the exigencies of war are exceptional when we consider the scope of executive power — we should be less eager to make it the basis of a general federal license to pursue any attractive end through the commerce power. At the dawn of the 20th century, we assumed that federal prohibition of alcohol could only be accomplished by constitutional amendment. With the exception of U.S. v. Lopez, a 1990s hiccup where the court failed to find a sufficient nexus between interstate commerce and carrying handguns near schools — we now take for granted that the interstate-commerce power constitutes a blank check, not just when Congress seeks to rectify gross historical iniquity, but for such purposes as overriding state decisions to permit local cultivation of medical marijuana.
The central fact obscured by our polarized political discourse is that Rachel Maddow and Rand Paul don't inhabit completely alien moral worlds. The value of free association, in commercial as well as private life, is and ought to be a liberal value. The call for justice from victims of a criminal state should ring in libertarian ears. Both should hope to see a better world, where bigots' desire to gather together in their own sterile haunts could be not only tolerated but positively welcomed as a favor to the rest of us.
For a school assignment we had to grab a char from an IP and send them to a new media, thus re-designing them however we liked.I picked Princess Serenity from Sailor Moon and, obviously the original media is Animebut the intended final media would have been a realistic film/game.So this would have been their production concept.And. Before all the Sailor Moon fans (including me) eat my liver, Ithat Neo Queen Serenity (or even Queen Serenity, for that matter - I think) is the one with the scepter, BUT we had to design a prop too so please don't eat me. I probably don't even taste good.Anyway! I wanted to give them a very 'jewel' like feeling because of the silver crystal and also make them non-human (she has. bunny. ears. lol) And this is what happened.So this was one of the concept stuff I did in the beginning of the semester and kept postponing uploading.More Stuff from me:
If you have never been to Nova Scotia, perhaps the first thing you will notice when you arrive, aside from the incredible abundance of natural beauty, is the overwhelming feeling that you belong.
Nova Scotians are renowned for their ability to make strangers feel like they are home.
Here is a list of MUST-VISIT communities that truly embody the Nova Scotian spirit (take it from a local):
Yarmouth
On the edge of everywhere, the Town of Yarmouth sits on the tip of Nova Scotia's southwest coast.
The town's long history of prosperity, thanks in part to the once booming shipbuilding industry, is preserved to this day in the magnificent architecture found throughout the community. Grand, Victorian style homes of wealthy merchants, shipbuilders, and captains line the historic streets of the downtown area.
The community has received national awards and recognition for its heritage preservation and community beautification.
Yarmouth also boasts some of the finest food, festivals, galleries, and shopping along the southwest shore.
The absolute best of Nova Scotia, both cultural and natural, can be found in this alive and vibrant community.
(source: www.townofyarmouth.ca)
Inverness
If you take a left at Port Hawkesbury and keep on going along the west coast of Cape Breton Island, you'll come across the community of Inverness.
It's a small, quaint little community, as many Nova Scotian communities are, but it's in this community where you'll find one of Nova Scotia's best beaches.
Inverness Beach offers 1.5 kilometres (0.93 miles) of gorgeous white sand beach and some of the warmest ocean waters in Nova Scotia, thanks to its protected position along the coast. The beach is also a great place to comb for sea glass, so be sure to keep your eyes open as you stroll along.
You'll also find a trendy coffee shop called Downstreet Coffee Company, which is housed inside of an old bank. The actual bank vault is still used today, albeit to store great Downstreet Coffee products, not bars of gold.
(source: www.novascotia.com)
Wolfville
Nestled in the famous Annapolis Valley, Wolfville is the kind of place you just can't get enough of.
Wolfville has managed to blend its rich history and its modern day trendiness seamlessly.
With a rich history as an important site for First Nations peoples, it became home to the Acadians, who skilfully constructed dykes to hold back the waters of the Minas Basin, thus creating rich pastures for livestock and fertile fields for crops.
Today it is a thriving town, home to Acadia University, award winning wineries (seriously, the wine is incredible), beautiful heritage homes, immense natural beauty, a downtown filled with cute shops, galleries, and restaurants, and the list goes on.
Plan to spend a number of days in the area because there is just too much to see and do in one day.
(source: grandprewines.ns.ca)
Shelburne
Take a step back in time as you stroll through the historic downtown core which takes visitors back to the 18th century with wonderfully preserved historic buildings. The downtown area even served as the filming location for a Hollywood adaptation of American author Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlet Letter", starring Demi Moore, Gary Oldman, and Robert Duvall.
The Shelburne area is also home to multiple rivers, beautiful beaches, and clean lakes just waiting to be explored.
The town has a deep multicultural history, having been once occupied by Mi'kmaq, Acadians, Blacks and Americans. In 1783, during the American Revolution, 3,000 Black Loyalists escaped to freedom in Shelburne, making Shelburne one of the largest cities in North America at the time.
Located along the famous Lighthouse Route, it's a community that shouldn't be missed!
(source: www.facebook.com/visitshelburneandlockport)
Annapolis Royal
If history is your thing, Annapolis Royal is a must.
This peaceful Nova Scotian town has a rather violent history, being one of the most fought over pieces of land in North America and changing hands between the British and French 7 times. Annapolis Royal also served as the capital of Nova Scotia until the founding of Halifax in 1749.
Today, this welcoming waterfront community embraces thousands of years of Mi'kmaq heritage and its over 400 years of French, Scottish, and British history. It's home to Canada's oldest National Historic Site, Fort Anne, where you can see the Royal Charter from which Nova Scotia gets its name and flag.
It is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful, picturesque communities in Nova Scotia.
(source: www.facebook.com/townofannapolisroyal)
What are your favourite Nova Scotian gems? Comment below!
Wednesday brought the unveiling of the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2, and while millions of people will frantically click refresh to place a pre-order and wait in line to get the device, one analysis suggests most people aren't all that excited about Apple's latest devices.
The research comes from Unanimous A.I., an artificial intelligence company that created a platform—called Unu—to measure the sentiments and insight of users in real time. The polls, called swarms, produce predictions and insights around specific topics.
In asking groups of Apple enthusiasts and consumers questions about the upcoming event, researchers found that users are wary of the devices, in part because of rumors that circulated about the iPhone 7.
In a swarm that asked users how good of an idea it is for Apple to eliminate the headphone jack on its new device and instead move to wireless earbuds and Lightning port compatible headphones, Unanimous A.I. found users to rate the idea one out of five stars and claimed it made the device less appealing.
In a separate swarm run by the company for the Daily Dot, the researchers found similar results as a group of 35 participants quickly decided the decision to go wireless with headphones was a bad one.
Unanimous A.I.
Despite the nearly unanimous panning of the very concept, Unanimous A.I. still found that the majority of the consumers in its swarm would be interested in checking out Apple's bluetooth connected AirPods.
Researchers described the sentiment of users as having “strong interest” in the wireless headphones—though they didn't find Beats-branded bluetooth headphones to be all that appealing.
What those consumers are not planning to check out, however, is the Apple Watch. Despite a refresh to Apple's smartwatch, participants on Unu quickly claimed to have no interest in it. The iPhone 7 remains the most anticipated product of the event, despite any hangups.
That's perhaps not surprising; despite the Apple Watch being the best selling of all smartwatches—and accounting for over 50 percent of smartwatch sales in 2015—it's still believed the device has fallen well below the company's goals.
Perhaps the most damning finding from Unanimous A.I. was the general opinion of Apple under Tim Cook's command. Swarm participants suggested the company has been missing some of its luster since losing Steve Jobs, with the majority of users saying Apple products “seem have lost a step.”
Despite the belief that Apple isn't as creative as it once was, when asked to name the company that leads the smartphone market in innovation, consumers on Unu still pointed to Apple.
All in all, it seems as though not much has changed; the company announces a new device, everyone second guesses the decisions, and then rushes out to buy the products anyway.
Just how much should you trust the analysis from Unu? Well, they've proven pretty accurate in the past on Apple predictions. Last year, users projected Apple's share of the streaming service market would sit at 19.5 percent. An analysis in May 2016 found it was at about 20 percent, which is impressive.
10 Ways to Promote Your eBook
If you've recently published an eBook, congratulations! Now you can begin promoting your book online. Here are several ways that you can ensure a successful launch and boost sales.
1. Offer interviews
One of the most valuable ways you can promote your book is by offering interviews. Reach out and connect with online magazines, newspapers, and bloggers. It's especially effective to offer interviews to book bloggers who regularly feature new and upcoming authors on their sites.
2. Give away review copies
While it might seem counterproductive, giving away review copies of your books is actually a good way to connect with new readers. Additionally, having professional book reviewers leave comments on your Goodreads or Amazon page will help increase your book sales.
3. Encourage your readers to leave reviews
Even if you don't give away review copies of your book, consider reaching out to your readers to request reviews and feedback. Online engagement and activity will encourage new visitors to give your eBook a ‘shot'.
4. Utilize your Social Media accounts
Do you have Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts? Using relevant hashtags when you post about your new eBook can help you reach new readers who are interested in your genre. This is also an effective way to let people know about your sales or specials.
5. Pin your book on Pinterest
Quite a few readers enjoy sharing pictures on Pinterest. Now you can easily share your book cover on this site. When other readers re-pin your book cover, you'll reach new audiences.
6. Create a professional LinkedIn profile
A LinkedIn profile offers potential readers the chance to ‘meet' and learn more about you, the author. Personalizing/humanizing your brand will increase sales. Additionally, you can include a list of your publications on your LinkedIn page for further publicity.
As cyber insurance slowly moves from corporate to consumer coverage, some interestingly comprehensive policies have been introduced. One, introduced this month by AIG, puts a strong emphasis on services to prevent attacks rather than merely paying for them once they happen. We decided to dive into the fine print to see how much wiggle room the insurer gave itself.
The new policy, called Family CyberEdge, is designed as a supplement to existing homeowner's insurance and will cost an extra $597 for $50,000 limits for each key area, consisting of cyber extortion, data restoration, crisis management and cyberbullying, with no deductibles beyond a flat $1,000 for data restoration. Bump the coverage limit up to $100,000 and the annual premium rises to $972, or go for the maximum coverage of $250,000 and the annual premium comes in at $1,723.
Those premiums, however, start to look quite reasonable when you peek into the contract and see the services covered.
For cyberbullying of a family member, for example, a year of psychiatric services is covered, along with bills from PR, digital forensic analysis and cybersecurity firms, plus lost salary if the bullied person loses a job during the first 60 days after the cyberbullying is discovered. It also covers temporary relocation of the victim and “temporary private tutoring or any increase in expense for school enrollment for you or a family member to relocate to an alternative but similar school.”
That's not bad. (Note: The current language leaves open the possibility that cyberbullying perpetrators may also have coverage — especially if they are sued, which could be covered under the homeowner's policy — but Jerry Hourihan, president of the AIG group that is offering this insurance, said that wasn't the intent.)
A provision that is a bit more controversial is coverage for cyber extortion. The policy will reimburse an insured for paying a ransom “paid by you or a family member, with our prior written consent, to terminate or end a cyber extortion threat that is harming or would otherwise result in harm to you or a family member; and the costs for a service provider to conduct an investigation to determine the cause of a cyber extortion threat.”
That's controversial because almost all security experts strongly recommend not paying such ransoms, since it only serves to encourage more cyber extortion. Once the word spreads that AIG will cough up any cyber extortion demand for those paying for this insurance, will their customers become especially attractive targets? Will AIG end up paying an ocean of such claims?
Digging into the cyberattack coverage, AIG offers a fairly broad programming exclusion: “We do not cover any loss resulting from an error in computer programming or error in instructions to a computer.” On its own, this could open the door to rejecting almost any data attack. Is it an error in computer programming to leave the user open to a data attack? Couldn't the argument be made that any vulnerability a cyberthief leverages is “an error in computer programming”?
Is it an “error in instructions to a computer” to set firewall protections that are not sufficiently strict?
Here's a goodie that I would love to see CISOs use more often with enterprise security: “If requested, permit us to question you or a family member under oath at such times as may be reasonably required, about any matter relating to this insurance or you or your family member's claim, including any inspection of any computer system. In such event, you or your family member's statement containing your or a family member's answers will be signed.”
Then there are the issues of trust. AIG has a list of approved partners to deal with cyberattacks, extortion threats and stolen data. The policy requires full cooperation, or payments could be denied. “Cooperate with the service provider and us (AIG). You or a family member must permit the service provider to make calls on your or your family member's behalf to resolve the event.”
Cooperation makes sense. But making calls on an insured's behalf gets tricky. Is the partner merely chasing down details and asking questions? Or are they making representations on behalf of the insured? This required trust might be a bit much to ask, given that only AIG gets to vet these companies.
Then there are the preventative elements. “You have the duty to maintain security systems for the use of passwords, firewalls, and anti-virus software and the proper disposal of used hard drives or other storage media including CDs, DVD's, modems, or other mobile drives or devices. Take action to avoid future loss, including securing any computer systems or data.”
Although I love the big-picture sound of insisting on preventative measures, this section doesn't have any specifics. That means that it could be a blanket “get out of paying for claims” free card. Once an attack happens and forensics has determined how the attacker did the deed, it's easy to go back and point to something that the insured could have done differently to avoid the incident.
If this were my policy, I would insist that the insurer spelled out more specifics so that I could prove compliance prior to an incident. As any PCI company knows, Visa loves to retroactively declare — after a breach — that a merchant was never properly PCI compliant based on breach details. AIG was apparently taking notes.
All in all, personal cyber insurance is a good idea. But poring over the particulars of coverage policies — before a deal is signed — is always a good idea.
On this Page:
The Effects of Acid Rain on Ecosystems
This figure illustrates the pH level at which key organisms may be lost as their environment becomes more acidic. Not all fish, shellfish, or the insects that they eat can tolerate the same amount of acid.
An ecosystem is a community of plants, animals and other organisms along with their environment including the air, water and soil. Everything in an ecosystem is connected. If something harms one part of an ecosystem – one species of plant or animal, the soil or the water – it can have an impact on everything else.
Effects of Acid Rain on Fish and Wildlife
The ecological effects of acid rain are most clearly seen in aquatic environments, such as streams, lakes, and marshes where it can be harmful to fish and other wildlife. As it flows through the soil, acidic rain water can leach aluminum from soil clay particles and then flow into streams and lakes. The more acid that is introduced to the ecosystem, the more aluminum is released.
Some types of plants and animals are able to tolerate acidic waters and moderate amounts of aluminum. Others, however, are acid-sensitive and will be lost as the pH declines. Generally, the young of most species are more sensitive to environmental conditions than adults. At pH 5, most fish eggs cannot hatch. At lower pH levels, some adult fish die. Some acidic lakes have no fish. Even if a species of fish or animal can tolerate moderately acidic water, the animals or plants it eats might not. For example, frogs have a critical pH around 4, but the mayflies they eat are more sensitive and may not survive pH below 5.5.
Effects of Acid Rain on Plants and Trees
Dead or dying trees are a common sight in areas effected by acid rain. Acid rain leaches aluminum from the soil. That aluminum may be harmful to plants as well as animals. Acid rain also removes minerals and nutrients from the soil that trees need to grow.
At high elevations, acidic fog and clouds might strip nutrients from trees' foliage, leaving them with brown or dead leaves and needles. The trees are then less able to absorb sunlight, which makes them weak and less able to withstand freezing temperatures.
Buffering Capacity
Many forests, streams, and lakes that experience acid rain don't suffer effects because the soil in those areas can buffer the acid rain by neutralizing the acidity in the rainwater flowing through it. This capacity depends on the thickness and composition of the soil and the type of bedrock underneath it. In areas such as mountainous parts of the Northeast United States, the soil is thin and lacks the ability to adequately neutralize the acid in the rain water. As a result, these areas are particularly vulnerable and the acid and aluminum can accumulate in the soil, streams, or lakes.
Episodic Acidification
Melting snow and heavy rain downpours can result in what is known as episodic acidification. Lakes that do not normally have a high level of acidity may temporarily experience effects of acid rain when the melting snow or downpour brings greater amounts of acidic deposition and the soil can't buffer it. This short duration of higher acidity (i.e., lower pH) can result in a short-term stress on the ecosystem where a variety of organisms or species may be injured or killed.
Nitrogen Pollution
It's not just the acidity of acid rain that can cause problems. Acid rain also contains nitrogen, and this can have an impact on some ecosystems. For example, nitrogen pollution in our coastal waters is partially responsible for declining fish and shellfish populations in some areas. In addition to agriculture and wastewater, much of the nitrogen produced by human activity that reaches coastal waters comes from the atmosphere.
Top of Page
Effects of Acid Rain on Materials
Not all acidic deposition is wet. Sometimes dust particles can become acidic as well, and this is called dry deposition. When acid rain and dry acidic particles fall to earth, the nitric and sulfuric acid that make the particles acidic can land on statues, buildings, and other manmade structures, and damage their surfaces. The acidic particles corrode metal and cause paint and stone to deteriorate more quickly. They also dirty the surfaces of buildings and other structures such as monuments.
The consequences of this damage can be costly:
damaged materials that need to be repaired or replaced,
increased maintenance costs, and
loss of detail on stone and metal statues, monuments and tombstones.
Top of Page
Other Effects of SO 2 and NO X
Visibility
In the atmosphere, SO 2 and NO X gases can be transformed into sulfate and nitrate particles, while some NO X can also react with other pollutants to form ozone. These particles and ozone make the air hazy and difficult to see through. This affects our enjoyment of national parks that we visit for the scenic view such as Shenandoah and the Great Smoky Mountains.
Human Health
Walking in acid rain, or even swimming in a lake affected by acid rain, is no more dangerous to humans than walking in normal rain or swimming in non-acidic lakes. However, when the pollutants that cause acid rain —SO 2 and NO X, as well as sulfate and nitrate particles— are in the air, they can be harmful to humans.
SO 2 and NO X react in the atmosphere to form fine sulfate and nitrate particles that people can inhale into their lungs. Many scientific studies have shown a relationship between these particles and effects on heart function, such as heart attacks resulting in death for people with increased heart disease risk, and effects on lung function, such as breathing difficulties for people with asthma.
Learn more about:
In addition, NO X emissions also contribute to ground level ozone, which is also harmful to human health.
Top of Page
Nearly a year after it began, the trial of RCMP Const. Kwesi Millington ended Friday with Crown prosecutors resting on their theory of why the Mountie lied at the 2009 inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski.
Prosecutor Scott Fenton argued Millington hoped to mask their attempts to justify using a Taser in the fatal confrontation with Dziekanski at Vancouver International airport in 2007.
"What you see are are....seriously erroneous mis-characterizations of Mr. Dziekanski's behaviour and level of resistance, which always default to making them more of a threat," Fenton said of Millington's initial statements about what occurred.
Immediately after the fatal face-off, Millington described Dziekanski as combative and holding a stapler "high."
Millington also reported that Dziekanski was still standing after the first of five blasts from their Taser and had to be wrestled to the ground.
'Fast-moving, novel and traumatic situation'
At the inquiry, Millington acknowledged their mistakes, and said they sprang from what their lawyer argued was a "fast-moving, novel and traumatic situation."
Fenton told the judge that explanation defies belief. They pointed to the "symmetrically similar" mistakes made by all four officers involved.
"They would have been aware IHIT (Integrated Homicide Investigation Team) was investigating," Fenton said.
"They didn't wrestle them to the ground. It never occurred.”
Fenton also dismissed the idea that the speed of the event might have lead to honest mistakes.
"This was not a firefight or a life-and-death kind of struggle," Fenton said.
However in a move that seemed to contradict their argument, Fenton had Justice William Ehrcke watch amateur video of the incident in slow motion, pausing every few frames as it unfolded.
"Slowing down the video certainly enhances one's ability to see what's happening between each of the seconds," Fenton told the judge.
The Crown's theory that Millington and the others lied to make Dziekanksi sound like "a bear of a man" hinges on a belief the officers colluded at the airport before investigators arrived.
Fenton brought forward no evidence that happened, but suggested they didn't need to.
"It cannot be said there was not an opportunity for these officers to meet and discuss the event," Fenton said.
Millington's lawyer, Ravi Hira, argued the Crown's theory is fatal to its own case because Millington had no reason to lie.
Hira argued the stapler Dziekanski held was a weapon as defined by the Criminal Code of Canada and the Mounties already knew they were justified in their use of force.
Defence says officer was not a 'trigger-happy cop'
They also maintain that Millington's claim — that they thought Dziekanski was still standing when they fired a second time — is consistent with someone telling the truth.
"Is the Crown alleging that Const. Millington for some reason wanted to repeatedly Taser someone to death? Hira asked.
"There is no allegation that Millington was 'a trigger-happy cop.'"
Justice Ehrcke then underscored the point: "So therefore they must have been telling the truth when they said they believed they were still standing?" they asked.
Hira also added it made no sense Millington would lie when they knew the whole incident had been videotaped.
Some of the allegations against Millington centre on their use of words and phrases in their statements and in their testimony at the Braidwood Inquiry.
Hira argued there may be a mistaken perception that Millington lied, because "he has difficulties with comprehension and articulation."
At the inquiry, Millington said they didn't know the meaning of the word "abdicated."
In their trial testimony, Millington asked the prosecutor what "contemporaneous" meant.
However, Fenton disputed Hira's claim.
"It's somewhat self-serving," they said, noting Millington has a university degree and once worked in a bank.
"He reveals, I would say, a normal, if not good command of the English language."
Justice Ehrcke will deliver their decision Feb. 20.
Game of Silence and House of Lies alum Larenz Tate, who recurred in four episodes of Season 4 of Starz's hit drama series Power, has been promoted to series regular for Season 5.
Tate plays Councilman Rashad Tate, a city councilman from Jamaica Queens.
Power follows James “Ghost” St. Patrick, a drug kingpin living a double life who in season 4 sought to find redemption.
Courtney A. Kemp serves as the creator, showrunner and executive producer of Power. Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson, Mark Canton, Randall Emmett and Gary Lennon serve as executive producers.
In addition to Game of Silence and House of Lies, Tate starred as Bart “Black Shawn” Johnston on FX's Rescue Me and recently was cast as the male lead in ABC drama pilot Salamander. On the big screen, Tate most recently appeared in Girls Trip. He's repped by Brillstein Entertainment Partners and Paradigm.
Season 5 premieres in 2018.
Spy photos and videos suggest that some new Chevrolet Corvette, perhaps the 2018 C7 Corvette ZR1, has a massive rear wing that you could practically eat dinner on. We've shared a video of what appears to be this same pack of test mules before, but this one gives a real close-up of the three.
The video comes from a reader of Indian Autos Blog, who sent it to the website recently. The prototype that could be the new ZR1 came in a pack of three in both a video from earlier in October and in this video, each driving by with different-sized rear wings. According to Indian Autos Blog, the reader who sent this video in caught these prototypes testing in Ann Arbor, Michigan:
Not much is known on a potential ZR1 yet, other than the rumor from Car and Driver that the C7 generation's “final hurrah will occur at next year's 2017 NAIAS, when a swan-song mega-power edition debuts, possibly wearing the illustrious ZR1 badge.” And, well, that these test mules sound mean.
Autoblog reported back in May that GM trademarked the ZR1 name again, and the potential 2018 ZR1 would follow a 650-horsepower Corvette Z06. Topping that, where the ZR1 typically falls in the lineup, would mean some insane power. But with that wing, insanity is the only thing we can expect.
'Sense8' Season 2 renewal hopes became brighter during the recently concluded San Diego Comic Con, as co-creator J. Michael Straczynski has signified their high hope for show's comeback on Netflix. The announcement from the streaming giant regarding the second season order may be out very soon.
Netflix's original drama series 'Sense8' has managed to conclude it's first season in a very good note. Although each character has given a great ending, the show still offer a lot of storyline opportunities for Season 2.
Although there were many doubters about the possible renewal, the show has received more positive feedback from its viewers. But with Netlix's silence, many viewers feared that 'Sense8' season 2 may not be renewed.
However, things get more interesting after the recently concluded San Diego Comic Con on July 11. It was the statement from the co-creator J. Michael Straczynski that made fans more hopeful for the 'Sense8' season 2.
In a report from Comic Book Resources, Straczynski said that the show is up for renewal with Netflix, and they should know in the next two weeks if the streaming video company will order a second season.
Additionally, the co-creator has high hope for 'Sense8' season 2 because according to the representative of the internet streaming giant, many viewers are watching the 1st season "straight through -- three, four, six times."
They added, "It's such a pleasure dealing with gender issues, privacy issues, sexuality issues that really have not been seen before [on television.]"
In previous interview by Indiewire, co-creator Straczynski has also revealed that the 5 year arcs for 'Sense8' were already mapped out, as well as the second season's script.
Meanwhile, Movie Pilot also notes that although the Season 1 finale was a completely satisfying resolution for each character, it still has managed to open the door to even more extraordinary possibilities in Season 2. The site also adds that 'Sense8' is a show that could change Hollywood because like 'X-Files', the show is something that's grown rapidly from a niche audience to worldwide passionate support.
Fans, what are your thoughts regarding the possible announcement by Netflix this week? Share us your thoughts for 'Sense8' season 2.
The occurrence of psychotropic substances (PSs) in the air is known since long time. Recently, attention was paid to illicit PS, with most investigations undertaken in Italy and Spain. In general, collection of illicit substances was performed through aspirating airborne particulates onto filters; afterwards, gas chromatography or high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry were applied for the PS evaluation. Over twenty substances could be characterized simultaneously. Cocaine concentrations up to 17 ng m− 3 were observed in Latin America, while this substance was absent (< 0.003 ng m− 3) in Algiers (Algeria) and Pančevo (Serbia). Cannabinoids (comprising the psycho-active principle Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol [THC]) were high in the winter and very low in the summer (up to 6 ng m− 3 and < 0.1 ng m− 3, respectively). Many other substances (e.g., heroin, ephedrine and drug by-products) occurred less frequently and at lesser extents (< 20 pg m− 3). In Rome (Italy), investigations were carried out in interiors of dwellings, schools, an office and a coffee bar, all sites resulting affected by drugs. Besides, solid phase microextraction methods were applied to detect ketamine and methamphetamine in interiors. The PS concentrations depended on substance, physical–chemical contour, and internal or external type of locations. Air monitoring allows detecting the drug consumption or preparation, because illicit substances prevail in sites frequented by abusers.
4:14 Update: The final counts are still trickling in, but it looks like Exxon has held onto the crown of most valuable company by a hair. We have Apple at $345.8 billion versus Exxon at $348.32 billion.
Maybe another day Apple can close the deal.
3:13 Update:Apple has topped Exxon Mobil to become the world's most valuable company that's publicly traded.
The market hasn't closed yet, and it's seen some very wild swings, but as of this writing Apple is clear of Exxon by $1.45 billion. As recently as yesterday, Exxon's market cap was $10 billion above Apple. And during the day Exxon was $6 billion more valuable.
It's a truly incredible run from Apple to go from death's door to the top of the world in just over a decade's time.
From earlier ....
1:36 Update: It was fun while it lasted ... Exxon is back on top.
1:23 Update:Apple has passed Exxon for the first time ever to become the world's most valuable public company, per C NBC.
12:08 Update: And the gap has narrowed once again. Exxon has Apple by just $2.86 billion.
Update:Indeed, it's going to be a wild day: Exxon's lead over Apple is now at $5.79 billion. Just a few minutes ago it was $2.73 billion.
Original: We're just opening up on what is likely to be a wild day of trading, but as of this writing, Apple is $2.73 billion away from topping Exxon's market cap, making it the most valuable public company in the world.
The stocks are going to be swinging all over the place today, so there's a chance the gap gets bigger, and there's a chance the gap narrows and Apple takes the top slot.
Pretty amazing for Apple.
Don't Miss: The Evolution Of The Apple Mouse Through The Years
Bloomberg
Here's another look at the chart:
Apple Market Cap Stock Chart by YCharts
Dr. Mark Sklansky, a self-described germaphobe, can't stop thinking about how quickly those little microbes can spread.
“If I am at a computer terminal or using a phone or opening a door, I know my hands are now contaminated, and I need to be careful and I need to wash my hands,” said Sklansky, professor of pediatrics at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA.
Not all health workers are so careful, despite strict hand-washing policies in virtually all medical facilities. A 2010 study published in the journal Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology showed that only about 40 percent of doctors and other health care providers complied with hand hygiene rules in hospitals.
Sklansky decided to test a new method at UCLA for limiting the spread of germs and reducing the transmission of disease: a handshake-free zone.
“We are trying to do everything to minimize hospital-acquired infection except for the most obvious and easiest thing to do in my opinion, which is to stop shaking hands,” they said.
Hospital-acquired infections are a serious and potentially life-threatening problem in hospitals, and the unwashed hands of health care workers are often to blame. On any given day, 1 in 25 patients across the U.S. suffers from at least one infection acquired while they are in the hospital, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Sklansky first proposed the concept of handshake-free zones in a 2014 editorial published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Their proposal launched a debate about the possible risks of the time-honored greeting.
In 2015, Sklansky decided to try out the idea with a six-month experiment. They picked a place where patients are especially vulnerable — the neonatal intensive care unit. Infections among infants can cause them pain, prolong their stay in NICU, require more medications and even put them at risk of dying.
The anti-handshake experiment took place at two of UCLA's NICUs, in Westwood and Santa Monica. Starting in 2015, Sklansky and their colleagues explained to the staff and families the purpose of handshake-free zones and posted signs designating the new zones. The signs feature two hands gripping each other inside a circle with a blue line through it, and the words: “To help reduce the spread of germs, our NICU is now a handshake-free zone. Please ﬁnd other ways to greet each other.”
They didn't ban handshakes outright. They suggested other options: a fist bump. A smile. A bow. A wave. A non-contact Namaste gesture.
“We aren't like a military operation,” Sklansky said. “We are just trying to limit the use of handshakes.”
This spring, Sklansky and their colleagues published the findings of a survey on their handshake-free zone experiment in the American Journal of Infection Control. They found that establishing such zones is possible, can reduce the frequency of handshakes and that most health care workers supported the idea. They didn't measure whether avoiding handshakes actually reduced the rate of infections, but Sklansky said they hope to answer that question in a future study.
Though the formal experiment is now over, the signs in the NICUs are still in place and doctors and nurses still discourage handshakes.
Avoiding handshakes is an effective way to decrease the spread of germs, said Maureen Shawn Kennedy, editor-in-chief of the American Journal of Nursing. Health care providers do wash their hands frequently, they said, but often they don't do it for long enough or use the right technique. And bacteria live on computers, phones, medical charts and uniforms throughout hospitals, they noted.
“There are just so many reasons to avoid handshakes, even when people are washing their hands,” Kennedy said. “Just because someone is walking around in a white coat … doesn't mean they don't have bacteria on their hands.”
Although there is no data to prove that reducing handshakes limits hospital infections, one study showed that bumping fists was more hygienic than shaking hands.
However, some infectious-disease specialists believe health care workers don't need to stop shaking hands. They just need to scrub better.
In a 2015 editorial in the Texas Heart Institute Journal, Herbert Fred, a Houston physician, wrote that “the problem isn't the handshake: it's the hand-shaker.” Doctors need to ensure their hands are clean before touching patients, they said.
Didier Pittet, an international expert on hand hygiene, said in an email that handshake-free zones are not the solution for hospital-acquired infections. They simply “reflect the lack of capacity in infection prevention and control,” they said.
Sklansky agreed that hospitals need to improve compliance with hand hygiene, and they said handshake-free zones aren't designed to replace hand-washing but to complement it. “I actually think handshake-free zones will bring attention to the hands as vectors for disease and help improve compliance with hand hygiene,” they said.
Neonatologist Joanna Parga, who was part of UCLA's handshake-free survey, said they liked the idea when they first heard about it but wasn't convinced it would work. Shaking hands is “so ingrained in our culture,” and it is how many doctors connect with patients, they said.
Parga said they have tried several alternatives to shaking hands, including bowing, making eye contact and touching people on the shoulder. They believe some of the other options are more intimate than a handshake — and they open up a conversation about safety. “Especially in a fragile patient population like the NICU, we really need to think about how we can protect our patients,” they said.
On a recent afternoon, as Parga walked through the Westwood NICU, they introduced themselves to a mother who was holding their infant son.
“Hi. I'm Dr. Parga,” they said. “Are you Mom? I'm not gonna shake your hand. … It's to help prevent infection in the NICU.”
Meena Garg, a neonatologist who is the medical director of the NICU in Westwood, said they still find not shaking hands uncomfortable sometimes, because patients often extend their hands in greeting. “You feel like you are being rude,” they said.
But Garg said they support the handshake-free zone, because it is an easy — and inexpensive — way to reduce infections. “I am the medical director so I have to look at costs,” they said. “This doesn't cost anything, but it may be just as important as anything else we do.”
As part of the UCLA survey, Sklansky and their colleagues asked staff and parents what they thought of the new handshake-free zones.
The majority of health care workers supported the idea — especially medical school students and nurses. Male doctors were the most resistant to giving up the handshake, partly because they weren't convinced it was necessary to prevent infections.
Families, however, were universally supportive of the handshake-free zone, Sklansky found.
On one recent day in the NICU, Brittney Scott stood beside the crib of their 2-week-old son, Samuel, as they slept. They had ended up there with intestinal problems.
Scott said she'd never heard of a handshake-free zone and had instinctively offered their hand to a doctor when they first arrived. They said they were “a little taken aback at first” when the doctor declined to take their hand. “But once you really understand the meaning behind it, it's great.”
Scott knows Samuel is at risk of infection, so avoiding germs is critical. They said they now prefer a smile to a handshake.
“A smile goes a long way in here,” they said. “There are a lot of ups and downs … being a parent to a NICU baby.”
This report was produced by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Lauren Hartley cleans and inspects glass at Fuyao Glass in Moraine, Ohio, on Sept. 29. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
MORAINE, OHIO — Shortly after their private plane landed in Ohio on a recent morning, the Chinese billionaire set off down Interstate 75 to inspect the factory on which they have staked their legacy and the future of this gritty patch of the American Rust Belt.
The sprawling plant is a local landmark, just off the highway unofficially known as Auto Alley. General Motors built it in the 1920s, and for generations it created the kind of blue-collar jobs that defined America's middle class. But by the time the last SUV rolled off the assembly line here, the city of Moraine had succumbed to the flood of inexpensive imports and cheap foreign labor that battered industrial towns in Ohio and across the country.
Now Cho Tak Wong is in charge of the factory. The billionaire chairperson of Fuyao Group, the biggest maker of automotive glass in China, Cho rose from rural poverty by riding the same wave of globalization that devastated Moraine — a living example of the reversal of fortune that has turned China into the United States' chief economic rival in public debates and political rhetoric. At a recent campaign stop in this perennial swing state, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called trade with the country “a one-way street.”
Speaking at the Family Leadership Summit in Ames, Iowa, July 18, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said "our country's going to hell." (Reuters)
But the next chapter of globalization is already unfolding inside Fuyao's factory, as the balance of power in the world economy tilts once more. Now it is China that experts fear is losing steam, forcing the country's wealthy investors and corporations to seek out profits overseas. They are snapping up U.S. businesses at a record rate and employing tens of thousands of U.S. workers.
The shift is realigning Chinese and U.S. interests. In Moraine, local officials are counting on Fuyao to help revitalize this town of strip malls and dollar stores. Yet it probably will never be enough to replace what has been lost over the past generation. Nor is it likely to restore the momentum that is slipping away in China's economy.
Still, Cho is convinced that such companies as theirs will ease the economic tensions between the two countries. Under gray skies and drizzling rain that day, they made their way to the factory that they have spent two years and a half-billion dollars renovating. The street it sits on has been renamed Fuyao Avenue. Outside the front entrance, the American and Ohio state flags fly alongside Fuyao's blue-and-white banner.
“We're committed to working to benefit both the Chinese and American trade relations,” they said in an interview, speaking through a translator. “All these problems will go away.”
Cho Tak Wong tours the Fuyao plant. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
***
Cho comes to Moraine almost every month to walk the floor of their factory, large enough to fit 41 football fields.
The plant is Fuyao's single biggest investment anywhere. As many as 2,500 people are expected to work here when the plant is at full capacity, and Cho said they hope it will become the anchor for an aggressive expansion into the United States that has already included a factory in Illinois to make raw glass and a facility in Michigan to put the finishing touches on its products. The total investment has reached about $1 billion.
“This U.S.A. is their baby,” said Mike Fullenkamp, operations manager of the plant in Moraine.
Cho was among China's first wave of entrepreneurs, and their rag-to-riches story mirrors the country's own. Growing up in impoverished Fujian province under the strict communist regime of the 1960s and 1970s, Cho often ate only two bowls of soup each day, leaving them so hungry that they would scream in agony.
“I've lived through the toughest times in China,” said Cho, now 70. “Even if I want to cry, I have no tears.”
The facilities of Fuyao Glass in Ohio. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
When China began opening up its economy in the 1980s, Cho took over a flailing factory and reconfigured it to produce the glass windows and windshields increasingly in demand among car companies catering to China's swelling middle class. Eventually, Fuyao began shipping glass to other countries, feeding the mammoth engine of exports that transformed China into the second-largest economy in the world, behind only the United States.
Meanwhile, U.S. industry was fading. Twenty-five years ago, more than 1 million people in Ohio held factory jobs. Now, that number is less than 700,000.
GM shut down its plant in Moraine just before Christmas 2008, amid the Great Recession. About 1,000 workers lost their jobs that day, and the vast, low-slung plant where they once worked spent years in darkness.
“When it was empty, it was really depressing-looking,” Moraine Mayor Elaine Allison said. “Here's this monolith of building just empty, compared to how full of life it was back in the day.”
The wreckage of the recession amplified the anxiety many voters here have long felt over getting left behind by the global economy, and their frustration helped breed the discontented politics of this presidential campaign cycle. At a campaign stop in Ohio this month, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton called out China for dumping steel into the U.S. market. Trump was even more pointed.
“They're stealing our jobs, they're stealing our companies, they're taking our money,” they told their supporters in the state last week. “We have drugs, we have debt, we have empty factories.”
Fuyao Glass in Moraine, Ohio. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
But the reality in Ohio is more complicated. State officials — including Gov. John Kasich (R), who ran against Trump in the presidential primary — courted Fuyao with more than $10 million in grants and incentives, one of their biggest packages on record. In return, Ohio is anticipating a $280 million windfall for its economy.
Since announcing its plans for a factory in 2014, Fuyao has tripled the number of workers it intends to hire. A glass recycling company is moving into a new building nearby. And Asian restaurant CJ Chan's opened a second location near Fuyao after noticing an uptick in business from company employees — including Cho.
“I came to realize that the responsibility on our shoulders was really weighty,” Cho wrote in their self-published autobiography. “Any mistake on our part would bring disgrace not only on me, but also on Fuyao Group and the Chinese people as a whole.”
***
In China, Fuyao can run a factory at full capacity within a year after it opens. In Moraine, the company has been working on its plant since 2014.
“I should be satisfied,” Cho said. “But in comparison to my plants in China, there's still a large gap.”
Two of the biggest challenges are hiring and pay. Fuyao has already brought on 2,000 workers and is seeking hundreds more — a challenge when the region's unemployment rate is just 4.4 percent, below the national average, resulting in a smaller pool of available employees. Many workers who had been laid off over the years have since moved away or retired. In addition, Moraine has also steadily rebuilt after the recession, courting business beyond manufacturing — in transportation, health care and even technology — and that is increasing competition for workers.
A worker holds a sheet of glass at the Fuyao factory. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
For Fuyao, that means it is crucial to hold on to existing employees and get them to produce more. The factory is not unionized, and pay starts at about $12 an hour. During a recent meeting at the factory with their top Chinese and U.S. lieutenants, Cho grew frustrated at delays in making the company's bonuses more enticing for employees.
“Is it because you don't have confidence in me or don't respect me?” Cho asked the executives. “We need to see action. Action is the simplest countermeasure to our problems.”
But even the company's most generous offer is unlikely to match the pay U.S. manufacturing workers once enjoyed. Cynthia Harper said they made $30 an hour at the plant when it was owned by GM — more than double what they earn now as a production line worker at Fuyao.
Harper said they struggle to communicate with their Chinese-speaking supervisor and chafes at the breakneck pace set by managers, which often requires double shifts or overtime. Harper has also filed safety complaints with regulators and is working to unionize the plant. Fuyao said it has hired a former federal inspector to help ensure workers stay safe.
“They constantly remind us that that's how they do things in China,” Harper said. “We'll make statements that we're in America, and we have codes that we have to go by.”
But how China does things is changing, too. Its economy is rapidly slowing down after years of double-digit growth. The world is already awash in Chinese goods, reducing the demand for its products. Last month, exports plunged by 10 percent compared with a year earlier. Rising wages and a burgeoning middle class mean companies can no longer rely on cheap labor to fill their factories.
To fuel the next wave of growth, Fuyao and other Chinese companies have to look beyond their country's borders. Direct investment in foreign countries skyrocketed from $13.7 billion in 2005 to $187.8 billion a decade later — an increase of 1,294 percent, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Consulting firm Rhodium Group estimates that the United States alone received a record $18 billion during the first half of this year.
“It's only now that China is becoming a rich economy,” said Eswar Prasad, a professor of trade policy at Cornell University. “I think we're seeing the leading edge.”
Being in the United States does not make a company American, however. Fuyao said that while 90 percent of its employees are American, 10 percent are Chinese nationals. Cho has deepened relationships in Ohio by donating to the local university and entertaining clients at the Pine Club, a famous local steakhouse — even though they don't eat beef.
The facilities of Fuyao Glass in Moraine. (Andrew Spear for The Washington Post)
Yet the cultural and language barriers are high. Cho rarely speaks more than necessary, giving their translators plenty of time to keep up but leaving their statements feeling like formal pronouncements rather than casual conversation. After discussing new plans for worker bonuses, Cho wrapped up the meeting with their executives by scheduling another one the next morning and then went outside to smoke a cigarette. They got into a car to head back to the presidential suite of their hotel.
Cho gazed out the window along the way, but the tension of the afternoon's meeting on their mind.
“Sometimes,” they said, “I get so frustrated that I am almost half dead.”
***
Around the world, China's growing appetite for investment is attracting intense scrutiny.
In the United States, lawmakers and regulators have examined several high-profile deals by Chinese investors as potential threats to national security. Regulators held up plans by Chinese insurance firm Anbang to purchase New York's famed Waldorf Astoria hotel, which often accommodates the president and other dignitaries. They scuttled a bid by a Chinese venture capitalist for a U.S. lighting company owned by Netherlands-based Philips. And lawmakers have called for reviews of a Chinese offer to buy the Chicago Stock Exchange.
Fuyao has not had to confront those concerns, but it has tangled with U.S. regulators in the past over anti-dumping charges that were eventually reversed. Now, amid a presidential election that has often exploited anger against China, Cho said they believe the new factory can help repair relations with the United States.
“A lot of this is politics, obviously. We're also used to it,” they said. “I firmly believe that ultimately substance will win out.”
Cho has a message for the United States, too: The recession exposed the nation's fault lines: economic inequality, political gridlock and a widening chasm between the complex financial engineering on Wall Street and industrial production in places like Moraine. The United States will not truly recover, Cho said, until the country is once again making things that are in demand around the world.
“To seek long-term prosperity, the U.S. needs to forge its dream of becoming a power of manufacturing,” they wrote in their autobiography.
Even if it's China that owns the factory.
More from Wonkblog
Trump, Clinton target trade deals at a time when globalization is stalling
International Monetary Fund slashes prospect for U.S. growth
A tax loophole for U.S. companies operating overseas just got tighter
The Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C is one of the most instantly recognizable statues in the United States. The mammoth monument to our nation's sixteenth president stands nineteen feet tall and overlooks the reflecting pool of the Washington Monument. People from all over the world visit there each day to pay tribute to the President who lead this nation during the American Civil War and saved the union, but what most people do not know is a little legend associated with the statue.
The legend has been around for decades, ever since someone glanced at the back of Lincoln's head from a certain side angle and noticed it. What they saw back then is what a lot of people see now, and that is what appears to be the face of Confederate General Robert E. Lee protruding outward, facing the back wall.
It could be an illusion or how the lights reflects off of the marble, but there definitely does seem to be something going on there. The “shape” seems to have a nose, forehead, cheeks, beard, closed eyes, and a mouth, and the lock of Lincoln's hair that forms the nose is not replicated anywhere else on the back of their head—it would be odd for such skilled sculptors to just leave some hair sticking out of the back of the president's head like that.
But why would somebody do this? The supervisor of the project was a northerner, Daniel French, and the group of Italian brothers who actually did the sculpting, Ferruccio, Attilio, Furio, Masaniello, Orazio, and Getulio Piccirilli were from New York, after their parents had immigrated from Tuscany decades prior.
Perhaps, with the Civil War a little more than fifty years old at the time the monument was being built, the artists wanted to honor the leaders of both sides, but could not flat-out build a monument to the beloved rebel leader, so they chose an inconspicuous spot to pay homage. Something else that is intriguing, is directly behind the monument, across the Potomac River, in the direction Lee's face is pointing, lies Arlington Cemetery, which was Lee's home before the Civil War broke out. As punishment and a way to embarrass him, the United States Army took possession of their property made a cemetery out of it during the war. The solemn look on their face could be there for that disgraceful reason. We will never know if that was the designer's intention, and for now, the National Park Service does not support the idea and regards it merely as an “urban legend”.
Advertisements
For decades, Lyndon Johnson was reviled as one of the worst presidents in American history, the person who brought the nation into the disastrous war in Vietnam. More recently, there has been a revival of interest in Johnson's legendary ability to make Washington work. During their presidency, Congress passed a huge agenda of domestic legislation — which they called the Great Society — that included Medicare and Medicaid, civil rights and voting rights, a War on Poverty, food stamps, immigration reform, federal aid to elementary and secondary schools, higher education funding, environmental regulations, and much more.
More on Lyndon Johnson's aides are mad that MLK is the hero of Selma
Americans have learned a great deal about the president through the wonderful work of writers such as Robert Dallek, Robert Caro, and Randall Woods. The White House presidential recordings, which are now available to the public online, have provided people with a seat inside the inner sanctum of the Oval Office to hear LBJ interacting with their friends and foes. Last year a Tony Award-winning play starring Bryan Cranston, All The Way, brought LBJ's frenetic energy to Broadway. Johnson is currently in the news as a result of a vigorous debate over how they are depicted in the film Selma.
But much of our understanding about Johnson is still based on misunderstandings about who they were and how they got things done. My new book, The Fierce Urgency of Now, provides a narrative history of the Great Society that challenges some of the popular myths about LBJ. While writing the book, I learned a great deal from the archives about Lyndon Johnson.
Here are nine things I wish people knew about the 36th president.
1) LBJ was a genuine liberal
Although there were areas where Johnson disagreed with liberals before becoming president, such as with their hesitant embrace of a strong civil-rights bill to end segregation, LBJ was still a product of the New Deal. They were part of a generation of Democrats whose identity was forged by Franklin Roosevelt. They believed that the federal government had a major role to play in solving social problems.
"Power. The only power I've got is nuclear and I can't even use that!" LBJ once quipped
Even before they came around to throwing their support behind strong civil-rights legislation, Johnson had gained a deep sensitivity to the plight of the poor and the problems of racial injustice through their own personal experiences in Texas and their work in government. As Senate Majority Leader in the 1950s, they moved bills that raised the federal minimum wage and provided federal support for housing. While many liberals suspected that LBJ was a conservative in liberal clothing, this was not true.
2) LBJ had been learning about the Great Society for years
The ideas that shaped the Great Society didn't come out of nowhere in 1963 and 1964, nor had they started with President John Kennedy. Congress had debated bills to provide federal funding for elementary and secondary education throughout the mid-1950s, when Johnson was Senate Majority Leader. Medicare was first proposed in 1957. Voting Rights had been debated, which resulted in a severely watered down compromise pushed through by LBJ in 1957, which they called a first step to much more.
Liberal Democrats in Congress, whose numbers vastly increased in 1958, had been pressing for a Democratic leader to build on the New Deal agenda. As Senate Majority Leader, Johnson constantly interacted with the main proponents of these causes, usually warning them that there weren't yet enough votes to pass their bills.
3) LBJ was obsessed with the election of 1952
To understand Johnson's foreign policies, it is essential to know how the election of 1952 loomed large in their mind. As a young senator, Johnson watched as Republicans retook control of Congress and the White House when the military hero Dwight Eisenhower defeated Adlai Stevenson, through a campaign that emphasized the weakness of Democrats on fighting communism. Republicans railed against President Truman — who decided they wouldn't run for reelection — for allegedly "losing" China to the communists in 1949 and for the stalemate in Korea. The GOP argued that Democrats had not been aggressive enough fighting against communism at home, either.
The lesson for Johnson was that if Democrats appeared to be weak on national security, Republicans could defeat them. As a result, Johnson always insisted on maintaining a tough posture on defense even when, as with the war in Vietnam, advisors warned them the operation was futile.
4) LBJ believed that presidential power was limited
"Power. The only power I've got is nuclear and I can't even use that!" LBJ once quipped. Although now thought of as a leader who saw no boundaries, Johnson was always aware of the limits of presidential power. As a creature of Capitol Hill, they liked to say that Congress always got the best of every president, and they would do the same to him. They moved with such speed and vigor in large part because they knew just how short their window for legislating would be and how they depended on the right conditions to achieve success.
5) LBJ depended on Congress — they didn't steamroll it
We think of Johnson as the person who ran roughshod over Congress. They knew how to get what they wanted, and they had no hesitation about steamrolling members who stood in their way. If they did, they gave them "The Treatment," where they hovered over them until they said yes.
But that myth belies the centrality of good legislative conditions to Johnson's success. Many of Johnson's greatest moments as president came after the election of 1964. Republicans were demoralized by the defeat of their presidential candidate, Barry Goldwater, and scared to look as conservative as him. Democrats commanded massive majorities (295 in the House and 68 in the Senate), with liberals controlling the balance of power. After the 1966 midterm elections, when the conservative coalition of southern Democrats and Republicans regained their power, Johnson was far less effective.
6) LBJ and the civil rights movement were partners, for a while
The recent film Selma portrays Johnson and the civil rights movement at odds. King demands a voting-rights bill while Johnson hesitates and stalls. He's more concerned with FBI surveillance on King than with voting rights. The film, which brilliantly captures the impact of grassroots protests in this period, offers a skewed depiction of Johnson.
What was remarkable was that the president and the grass roots were often on the same page
Johnson was fully committed to the cause of voting rights by the time they were reelected in 1964. While it is true that King wanted to move much more quickly on voting rights than LBJ and that the movement forced the president's hand through the marches, they were both on the same page in terms of objectives. What was remarkable about this moment was that the president and the grass roots were often on the same page. Johnson and King were partners in 1964 and 1965, not adversaries.
Many movement leaders concluded that Johnson was eager to pass big domestic bills, while the president depended on activists — from civil-rights protesters to union members — to build the pressure on Congress that they needed to get bills through. The partnership would fray in 1967 and 1968. But for three important years, their goals converged.
7) LBJ and the Republicans didn't always get along
In recent years, there has been a nostalgia for the ways in which Republicans like Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen got along with the Democrats. The truth is that Republicans were not always so easy to work with. Republicans, for example, mounted fierce opposition to the War on Poverty in 1964. When there was bipartisan cooperation, it was not automatic.
While Republicans worked with the administration on civil-rights bills in 1964 and 1965, they did so under intense pressure from civil-rights activists and religious leaders. Meanwhile, they continued to oppose much of Johnson's agenda, placing ongoing pressure on the White House to cut domestic spending.
After the 1966 midterms, Republicans were more often oppositional to the president. Even Dirksen, whose support had been instrumental for the two first civil-rights bills, wasn't helpful with a fair-housing bill in 1966 and 1967, and the GOP viciously attacked the president for rising deficits and federal spending, joining southern Democrats in pressuring them to cut the budget. While it's true that Republicans were not as obstructionist as a whole as they are today, it is important to remember that partisanship was still powerful.
8) LBJ was not a very good public speaker
Anyone who has heard some of Lyndon Johnson's private phone conversations understands just how persuasive they could be in person. Johnson could be heard in lengthy conversations with legislators, activists, and members of the cabinet, bullying or seducing them to accept their positions.  They are an ongoing encyclopedia of colorful stories and jokes that all made a political point. Given how mesmerizing their phone conversations are, it is hard for many people to remember that LBJ was not very good in front of the television cameras.
Most of their big speeches were mediocre in their delivery. They didn't have a very charismatic speaking style, and they appeared stiff and uncomfortable when delivering major addresses. One of the big exceptions was their address on voting rights in 1965, when Johnson mesmerized the nation by ending their speech saying, "We shall overcome," embracing a mantra of the civil-rights movement as their own.
9) LBJ was not indifferent to the causes behind the urban riots of the 1960s
Often, discussions about Johnson's response to race riots in Watts, Newark, and Detroit — that usually started in response to police confrontations with neighborhood residents — center on their frustration with the African Americans who were involved. And it is true that LBJ can be heard in many recorded phone conversations speaking in dismissive language about African Americans who they thought did not appreciate what they had done for them.
But Johnson was also extremely sensitive to the underlying factors causing urban discontent. In several conversations after the Watts riots in August 1965, Johnson told advisors that unless the government did something about high rates of unemployment, housing discrimination, narcotics and crime, and the dilapidated condition of the inner cities, it was unrealistic to expect that this kind of violence would stop. The problem was that most of the rioting would take place as Johnson started to lose their grip on Capitol Hill. The conservative coalition wasn't open to funding programs for these communities.
They also foretold that Americans would be taller than the average in 1900 (which was about 67 inches) by "one to two inches." By 2000, the average had grown by 2 inches.
Then they said that if there were a war in China, you would be able to read about it an hour later (this was when the standard time for news to travel from China to the U.S. was about a week, and papers took a hell of a lot longer than an hour to typeset and print). They went on to surmise that man would see and speak around the world with wireless cameras, telephones and radios, and that photos would be "telegraphed" instantly from any distance.
Getty
They also predicted that at least 80 percent of those photos would be of dudes' junk.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Well, all right, they had some form of instant communication back then, so maybe they were just taking it into a logical future. But then they predicted that certain letters would be eliminated from written English, because eventually an impatient society would come up with a more efficient way of typing that simply mimicked the sound of speech. You know, like if instead of typing "You're too fat," it would become "ur 2 fat lol."
So while we didn't do everything they predicted (we didn't eliminate mosquitoes or learn to grow strawberries the size of your head), we are working on the LOLspeak. Good job, society.
Getty
"That's enough trailblazing for one generation."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Erik Germ writes stuff over at HugeFrigginArms.com, where they also make videos and cartoons. It would be awesome if you followed them on Twitter.
For more folks that might need a good burnin' at the stake, check out 7 Completely Unrealistic Movie Plots (That Came True) and 8 Badass Sci-Fi Predictions That Came True In Lame-Ass Ways.
If you're pressed for time and just looking for a quick fix, then check out Why The Flintstones Takes Place in a Post-Apocalyptic Future
And stop by LinkSTORM because on Fridays, it's OK to just go ahead and slack off.
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed.
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article? Then sign up for our writers workshop! Do you possess expert skills in image creation and manipulation? Mediocre? Even rudimentary? Are you frightened by MS Paint and simply have a funny idea? You can create an infographic and you could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow!
This article is over 2 years old
BBC1 show has failed to wow critics but takes top spot in Radio Times online poll
BBC1 comedy Mrs Brown's Boys has been voted the best sitcom of the 21st century so far in an online poll of 14,000 people.
Mrs Brown's Boys v Mulholland Drive: a culture showdown Read more
Ricky Gervais's The Office came second in the poll, conducted by the Radio Times.
Mrs Brown's Boys has failed to wow critics and has been described as “the worst sitcom ever made”. But creator and star Brendan O'Carroll said the vote underlined its continued popularity in the face of poor reviews.
They said: “It vindicates the fans' belief in the show. They have kept us on the air – it certainly wasn't the reviewers.
“There is an audience out there that comedy forgot – that Are You Being Served? audience has been left behind. Us winning this award proves that.”
There is an audience out there that comedy forgot Brendan O'Carroll
In third place was Peter Kay's Car Share, which debuted on iPlayer last year before moving to BBC1 and winning a Bafta for best scripted comedy. A second series is due next year.
The top 20 list was compiled from a shortlist of 40 chosen by Radio Times critics and experts from the British Film Institute.
Perhaps the most critically acclaimed sitcom of the bunch, The Thick of It, came in at number six, and Caitlin Moran's Raised by Wolves, recently axed by Channel 4 after two series, was voted the ninth best of the 21st century.
Mrs Brown's Boys stars O'Carroll as the titular Mrs Brown, with some of the show's characters played by O'Carroll's family members.
It is one of the BBC's most reliable ratings hits. A Christmas day special in 2013 beat the Queen's speech and EastEnders to the day's most watched show, and the following year consolidated viewing figures put the show again at the top for Christmas.
From Rio to film polls, we can't get enough of competition | Catherine Shoard Read more
Last Christmas it was only beaten into second place in consolidated viewing by the final ever episode of ITV's Downton Abbey, but still drew 9.5 million viewers.
A live special in July, used to kickstart the BBC's landmark comedy series of revivals of old sitcoms, attracted 4.5 million viewers.
It has also spawned a spin-off movie – 2014's Mrs Brown's Boys D'Movie, which topped the UK and Ireland box office for two weeks following its release.
O'Carroll has said the film was the first in a planned trilogy. But earlier this month they revealed that a sequel had been delayed because of uncertainty over funding in the wake of the Brexit vote.
Radio Times's top 20 sitcoms of the 21st century – so far
US President Donald Trump failed to endorse, or even mention Colombia's peace process in their speech following their first meeting with their counterpart Juan Manuel Santos in what seemed a major breach in a decades-long bilateral alliance.
The Colombian president's main priorities in the meeting were to get an explicit endorsement of the South American country's peace process from Trump in order to boost public support, as well as to effect a change in the United States' drug policy. Trump ignored both issues.
Instead, the US President talked about Venezuela, Colombia's neighbor, central American criminal groups, and a wall they have promised to build along the US-Mexican border.
Ignoring the armed conflict that has left at least 265,000 Colombians dead and 7 million displaced, Trump went as far as falsely claiming that violence seen in Venezuela had not been seen in the hemisphere in decades.
Before the press conference, Colombian representatives could be seen entering the room unable to disguise the disappointment on their faces, after what seemed a major breach in the decades-long alliance between the two countries.
After prompting from a reporter, Trump did congratulate Santos on signing peace with the FARC, saying the Colombian President had done “a tremendous job,” but left it clear that Venezuela, and not Colombia, is a priority of their administration's foreign policy.
Santos also couldn't resist highlighting the two countries' apparent contradictory policies in regards to bilateral relations, and the future relationship between the United States and Latin America, where Trump is widely loathed.
When asked their opinion on Trump's plans to build a wall on the US-Mexican border, Santos said economic development in Latin America was the answer to transnational crime, including drug trafficking, in the hemisphere.
The meeting between the two heads of state was highly anticipated after months of ambiguity about the United States' stance on Colombia's peace process, and Trump's promise to cut foreign aid “across the board.”
While both presidents pledged their commitment to the fight against drug trafficking, their respective policies diverge, and even oppose each other. Neither president showed any indication they would in any way support the other's policy.
Colombia decriminalized drug use and possession years ago, and stopped the US-endorsed aerial fumigation of coca crops after major domestic resistance and a World Health Organization report indicating the pesticide delivered by the US-based multinational Monsanto could be carcinogenic.
Meanwhile, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions is attempting to revive a hard-line war on drugs; directing prosecutors to seek harsh sentences for drug crimes, threatening to enforce federal laws against medical marijuana, and opposing numerous justice reforms that have gained widespread bilateral support at the states level.
Just weeks before the bilateral meeting, the UN Mission in Colombia implicitly urged Colombia to ignore Trump by explicitly endorsing economic development and crop substitution, Santos' current peace policy, as “proven” strategies to curb both coca cultivation and drug trafficking.
Also in terms of trade, no consensus whatsoever seemed to have been reached.
The joint press conference left the impression that the two countries would go their separate ways in what used to be clear bilateral policies.
After being asked if Santos had any advice for their US counterpart, the Colombian president said “He can take care of himself.”
The consequences of the United States' failure to support peace building in Colombia and the apparent breach in bilateral ties are difficult to conceive.
Colombia has long relied on the United States to maintain a succession of right-leaning governments, while neighboring countries increasingly veered left.
Meanwhile, after decades of controversial and sometimes violent interference in Latin American countries' affairs, Colombia was one of the US' few remaining allies in South America.
However, the absolute lack of support of Trump for Colombia's internationally praised peace policy and Santos' verbal resistance to US foreign policy in the region could mark the end of an era of US influence in the region, at least in Colombia.
KTM 525 EXC by Roland Sands Design Reading time: about 1 minute. American
Cafe Racers
Motorcycles
Retro
Style
Roland Sands Design are easily one of the top custom bike builders in the world today, their careful meld between state-of-the-art engineering and aesthetically stunning design never fails to stop me in my tracks.
This bike, the KTM 525 EXC is no exception, all of the body work you see is custom, hand-beaten aluminium. The exhaust is a bespoke titanium unit, the forks and shocks have both been lowered significantly and the sub-frame has been highly modified to accommodate the electronics and battery box.
Oh and by the way, the beautiful blonde in the photographs isn't a model, she's the bikes new owner. That's a lucky motorcycle.
Via Roland Sands Design
Show me what democracy looks like. Photo by nicadlr via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr Show me what democracy looks like.
Uh oh!
An investigation by KCBS has revealed that hundreds of people have been regularly casting votes in California elections despite not being alive.
KCBS' investigative team spent time comparing millions of voting records obtained from the California Secretary of State's office with millions of death records from the Social Security Administration. They found that, across the five counties that make up the greater Los Angeles area, precisely 265 dead people have been voting regularly, apparently from the grave. 215 of these people live(d) in Los Angeles County.
Of all these voters, 32 of them had voted in eight elections, including a woman who died nearly 30 years ago, in 1988.
While 265 people might not seem like that many, it's important to remember the (abysmally) low turnout that Southern California elections are known for. While It's not too common for elections to be decided by just hundreds of votes, it can happen, especially in hyper-local elections for municipal city council and school-board votes. Recall that voter turnout in last March's Los Angeles city election was just 8.6 percent, according to the Los Angeles Times. Alternatively, you could interpret that value as a 91.4 percent non-turnout rate.
The L.A. County Voter Registrar's office told KCBS that their office removes anywhere from 1,200 to 2,000 deceased voters from their records each month. Deceased voters are removed from the state voter databases through a series of periodically updating databases tied to public death records, as well as notification from relatives.
If you want to ensure a deceased relative's name has been removed from the databases of active voters, your best bet is to submit the appropriate form directly to (or calling) your county registrar office. L.A. County residents may learn more about this process by visiting the L.A. County Registrar's office website.
Believing in American Democracy requires some measure of faith these days. Donald Trump won by slim margins in states where Republican Governors and legislatures instituted new voting restrictions, and these restrictions likely provided the margin of victory in Wisconsin if not other states (a good counterargument is here). The Electoral College once again has awarded the Presidency to someone that received far fewer votes. And gerrymandered House districts will give Republicans a 55% majority of the seats in the House of Representatives even when--at most--they only got 50% of those votes. As more votes get counted, don't be surprised if House Democrats ended up getting more votes than their Republican counterparts.
It's all rather dispiriting, but I am comforted that at least all of these base violations of the basic tenets of representational democracy are not new problems. We've been rigging the system in favor of a dominant white, non-urban power since the nation's inception. I may not like the Electoral College much, but at least the rules were clear to everyone when we started the game, and there's a good chance we'll adopt a National Popular Vote Interstate Compact in our lifetimes. I may not like the voter suppression techniques employed by Republican legislatures (and even some Democratic ones in the primaries), but at least these can be remedied through political mobilization and change. And with the right mix of court decisions and some action at the state level, non-partisan redistricting with some measure of fairness could be achieved.
But in North Carolina, there is a scheme afoot that so transcends the basic notions of living in a Democratic Republic, that it deserves the highest level of condemnation I can imagine.
In a very tight race, Republican Governor Pat McCrory has lost to Democrat Attorney General Roy Cooper by around 7,000 votes. That's a close margin, but given that recounts and further canvassing of votes almost always nets Democrats more votes, the final result is not really in question. Here in Virginia, our 2013 Attorney General's race was initially certified as having a 165-vote margin of victory for Democrat Mark Herring. After a recount, that number rose to 907 votes and Republican Mark Obenshain ultimately conceded. And who can forget the famous 2008 Senate race in Minnesota, where after months of legal wrangling, Democrat Al Franken was certified the winner with just 312 votes when they initially started out behind.
In North Carolina, a recount seems inevitable, and no one really seems opposed to that. Getting the election results right is in everyone's best interests. But Governor McCrory's campaign team has also lodged a series of protests with local county election officials and the state board of elections alleging widespread voter fraud. These boards have been quick to dismiss the charges, bolstered by the fact that these boards are composed of two Republicans and one Democrat.
Normally, it would be easy to dismiss this all as a losing campaign's last desperate maneuvers. Allege whatever you can, raise money for your legal team, and keep the pressure up and hope something jars loose. But I fear something far worse. As this article from Slate indicates, something far more nefarious may be at play here.
McCrory can, and probably will, still ask for a statewide recount. But they must know that a recount will not close such a sizable gap. Their real goal appears to be to delegitimize the results to such an extent that the state legislature—which holds a Republican supermajority—can step in and select them as the winner. North Carolina state law states that when “a contest arises out of the general election,” and that contest pertains “to the conduct or results of the election,” the legislature “shall determine which candidate received the highest number of votes” and “declare that candidate to be elected.” By alleging fraud, mishandling of ballots, and irregular vote-counting, McCrory is laying the groundwork for the legislature to proclaim that a “contest” has arisen as to “the conduct or results of the election.” At that point, it can step in, assert that McCrory received “the highest number” of legitimate votes, and “declare [him] to be elected.”
The best part? Under the law, the legislature's decision is “not reviewable” by the courts. Republican legislators can simply step in, overturn the decision of the voters, and grant McCrory another term. The courts have no authority even to review the legality of their actions.
Again, in a normal world, I would highly doubt that a Republican legislature would be so bold as to steal an election in broad daylight like that. But we live in a different time, where gerrymandering and the makeup of the voting public largely insulates Republicans from being punished for wrongdoing. If you knew the only way you wouldn't be reelected is for not being Republican enough and losing in a primary, wouldn't you consider this route?
There is a confluence of factors that make such electoral theft way more likely in the waning days of 2016 than in the past. The rise of fake news means that you can decide on any reality you want—just choose the world in which tens of thousands of votes really were fraudulent and use that to justify any action. Intense gerrymandering means the vast, the vast majority of North Carolina legislators can never be punished by the opposing party. And most importantly, North Carolina Republicans have spent years instituting strict voting restrictions just to prevent this kind of scenario—there's a kind of political inertia to all of this. We know fraud is happening. We tried to stop it. And now we have a duty to remedy the fraud that we've already established is happening.
Do I think this scenario is likely? No, but I also didn't think the election of Donald Trump was likely either. Even when we are discussing events with low probabilities, we are all forced now to mobilize against worst-case scenarios long before they come to fruition. Will Donald Trump create a Muslim-only registry? I don't know, but I have to prepare as if it will. Will Republicans repeal (and not replace) Obamacare? I don't really have a choice but to take them at their word.
And in North Carolina, I have to take the Republicans at their word. They have legislated their belief that non-existent voter fraud justifies the blocking of hundred of thousands of otherwise eligible voters. I just pray they don't take that belief to its logical conclusion—that awarding the election to the losing Republican candidate is the right and courageous thing to do. After all, anything less would be letting the fraudulent voters win.
Check out the videos and read highlights of the transcript of the debate between veteran Senator Franklin Drilon and neophyte Senator Manny Pacquiao
Published 9:20 PM, March 16, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon lectured neophyte Senator Manny Pacquiao on "very basic" principles in government on Wednesday, March 15.
This came after Pacquiao insisted on the 2nd day of their debate the need for a Philippine Boxing Commission (PBC) – an idea Drilon opposes as the existing Games and Amusements Board (GAB) can instead be strengthened.
The day before, Drilon also grilled Pacquiao on their first sponsored bill, which seeks to create the PBC to "focus" on the boxing industry and combat fighters.
Read parts of the transcript of the debate between the veteran lawmaker and the neophyte senator, who had motioned to oust Drilon and other Liberal Party senators from key posts in the Senate.
On common sense and boxing
Drilon: We should not keep on creating additional bureaucracies because tomorrow, Mr President, we may have a horse racing commission; we may have a professional basketball commission; we may have a cockfighting commission; and all sorts of commission on the excuse na hindi po natututukan ng GAB itong activity na ito (that the GAB is unable to focus on this or that activity). That is precisely our point.
On the one hand, the majority in this Chamber has just sponsored a measure which will rightsize the government. On the other hand, we have here a bill which will expand the bureaucracy. That is all that we are putting on the table, Mr President.
Pacquiao: Mr President, I do not think the gentleman from Iloilo understands what boxing is, what combat sports is. It involves here lives of athletes. As I have said, a lot of athletes died in this sport. So, we should have a separate commission for the combat sports, especially boxing for their safety.
Drilon: Mr President, yes, I may not understand boxing in the manner that the gentleman understands it. But certainly, we understand what government is all about. I cannot understand how the creation of a separate boxing commission will save lives that cannot be done by the Games and Amusements Board.
Pacquiao: It can save lives, Mr President, because makakapag-focus sila (they can focus).
Drilon: Hindi ba puwedeng mag-focus ang GAB (Can't the GAB focus), Mr President?
Pacquiao: Mr President, to focus in one sport is not easy. It is easy to say but it is not easy to do, especially GAB is handling more than 20 sports. How can they focus in one sport? We have common sense to understand that, Mr President.
Drilon: I have common sense, Mr President.
Pacquiao: I stand corrected, Mr President. I apologize for my word. But, people die here. It involves life. What I am talking about is, how can they focus if they are handling more than 20 sports?
On boxing and GOCCs
Pacquiao: Mr President, if the gentleman from Iloilo cannot be convinced or agree with my proposal to create a boxing commission, it is better to close these interpellations and let us – I mean we can do voting or –
Drilon: Mr President, in the tradition of the Senate, there is no closure rule. Is the gentleman saying that we are now terminating the period of interpellations when we are just on page 2 of the bill?
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III: I think that was not a formal motion anyway, just a comment from Senator Pacquiao. Is the gentleman moving to terminate the interpellations?
Pacquiao: It is a comment, Mr President. It is not a motion.
On placing the commission under the Office of the President
Drilon: May we know why, Mr President, it has to be under the Office of the President? Would the gentleman tell us how many offices right now are under the administrative supervision of the President?
Pacquiao: Under this bill, there will be 7 members, one is we call the chairperson and 6 board members to be chosen by the President.
Drilon: Our question is: Why do we want to place the Philippine Boxing Commission under the administrative supervision of the President?
And let me explain the context of the question. Mr President, I had the fortune of being an executive secretary in the Office of the President. And we cannot imagine the number of agencies under the Office of the President. So that what happens, because of the sheer number of agencies under the Office of the President, they are like flying saucers just revolving around, nobody supervising them because the executive secretary simply cannot supervise them.
Pacquiao: Because, Mr President, the President appoints the 7 members of this commission.
Drilon: Mr President, the President of the Republic is the appointing authority and they appoint everybody in this bureaucracy unless delegated to the department secretary or another official. The fact that one is appointed by the Office of the President is not a justification for putting the agency under the Office of the President.
It can be that the Philippine Boxing Commission have the commissioners appointed by the President and be under the Games and Amusements Board for administrative supervision.
Pacquiao: I think it is best to be under the Office of the President.
Drilon: Why, Mr President?
Pacquiao: Because it will be for the best interest of the agency, Mr President.
Drilon: I am sorry?
Pacquiao: It will be for the best interest of the commission, Mr President.
Drilon: What is the best interest of the commission that requires that it be placed under the Office of the President?
Pacquiao: Mr President, same thing with GAB. GAB is under the executive secretary.
Drilon: So, since the GAB is under the Office of the President, the Philippine Boxing Commission, without any rhyme or reason, should also be under the Office of the President.
Pacquiao: What is the question, Mr President?
Drilon: The only reason why the proposal is to place the Philippine Boxing Commission under the Office of the President is because the GAB is under the Office of the President. Is that correct?
Pacquiao: Yes, Mr President. I think and I believe that the best format is for the boxing commission to be under the Office of the President.
Drilon: But I thought the rationale that is being presented before us is that the GAB is too big and, therefore, we must focus on boxing. So, why are we putting the commission on the same level as the GAB insofar as reporting to the Office of the President is concerned?
Pacquiao: Because, Mr President, I believe it is the best format in terms of organization. The President will appoint the members of this commission.
Drilon: You know, Mr President, I hope I can convince the gentleman from General Santos that the mere fact that a government official is appointed by the President is not a justification for the direct supervision of the President over a commission or an agency. I think that is very basic.
Pacquiao: Yes, I understand that Mr. President.
On Pacquiao's willingness to amend the bill
Pimentel: There was a model being followed. And if there is something wrong, then maybe it is curable through an amendment of the measure. We can cure it. It is still curable by amendment.
Drilon: Yes, we will propose that amendment, if that is acceptable to the sponsor. But the way the responses to the questions that we raised are concerned, it is not acceptable to the sponsor. And, therefore, we can reasonably conclude that a proposal along that line will be rejected, that amendment along that line will not be accepted.
Pimentel: Well, I do not know. Mr Sponsor (Pacquiao), would you like to react? I think it is too early to be rejecting ideas.
Drilon: No, Mr President. It is not very early. Because from the answers, it is quite obvious that the sponsor would like to insist that the Philippine Boxing Commission should be under the administrative supervision of the Office of the President as found on Section 4.
Pacquiao: Mr President, if that is the issue, we will study the issue.
Drilon: And the sponsor will be open to an amendment at the appropriate time?
Pacquiao: No problem with me, Mr President.
Drilon: All right.
Pacquiao: As long as it will not stop me from creating this Philippine Boxing Commission, Mr President.
Drilon: Well, I cannot stop the gentleman, Mr President. I am only one vote here in this Chamber. There are 24 of us, so I cannot stop the measure. I can only vote for if I find this consistent with the general principle that we have learned or against it. But that is only one vote. I am in no position to stop, Mr President. Just for the record.
Pacquiao: Thank you, Mr President.
On boxing as an 'industry, good business'
Drilon: Now, why is boxing called an – industry under this bill?
Pacquiao: It is a livelihood, Mr President, for so many people.
Drilon: It is a livelihood. But it is also a sport.
Pacquiao: Yes, Mr President.
Drilon: And the preference of the sponsor is to call it an industry. Just for the record. I am just curious, this is the first time I come across a description of a sport as an industry.
Pacquiao: I am proud to say, Mr President, that it is a business.
Drilon: Sorry, sorry?
Pacquiao: Good, big business industry, Mr President.
Drilon: It is a business…
Pacquiao: Big business, Mr President.
Drilon: It is not only a business, it is a big business.
Pacquiao: Yes, a big sport business, Mr President.
Drilon: If it is a business, why are we spending public funds for the retirement of professional boxers who are in business, who are in big business, in fact?
Pacquiao: Mr President, kinukolekta ng commission, ng GAB iyong licensing fee, medical fee, everything, at iyon ay iniipon nila (the commission, the GAB collects a licensing fee, medical fee, everything, and the amounts are accumulated).
Drilon: I am sorry, but the answer is a little bit off-tangent from our question, Mr President.
Maybe, Mr President, to allow the sponsor more time to review and prepare for the interpellation, we can suspend in the meantime and take it up again.
Pacquiao: No, Mr President, I can answer theirs questions.
Drilon: All right, sige (okay).
Pacquiao: I said it is a business, Mr President.
Drilon: All right.
On why there are 7 members of the commission
Drilon: Seven. Why 7? Why not 3? Why not 5?
Pacquiao: Mr President, we made it 7 to get more consensus.
Drilon: I am sorry.
Pacquiao: Consensus, Mr President.
Drilon: What?
Pimentel: Consensus.
Pacquiao: Consensus.
Drilon: We make it 7 to make it consensus.
Pacquiao: Yes, Mr President.
Pimentel: Get more consensus, that was what I heard.
Drilon: Why can we not have a consensus if it is 5, or if it is 9, or if it is 3? Why 7?
Pacquiao: It is better to have 7 members, Mr President, because it was patterned from the Games and Amusements Board.
Drilon: Mr President, we are just following the pattern, therefore, of the Games and Amusements Board when we placed it at 7.
Pacquiao: Yes, Mr President, and we do not deny that. We are just separating it from the GAB.
At this point Drilon finally moved for suspension. When the session resumed, both senators agreed to end the interpellation for the day and just continue the "3rd round" of the "match" when Congress resumes session on May 2. – Rappler.com
At a forum Monday on jobs and the economy, a 30-year-old recent law school graduate who said they had been inspired by President Obama posed a straightforward question. It seemed to stump the president.
"Is the American dream dead for me?" they asked.
Obama's reply was strangely bloodless. They talked about people who were "treading water," but then they got bogged down in details about student loans. They didn't seem to connect with the frustration and pain they were hearing.
With even the president's fans talking to them this way, it's no surprise that the Democrats are in trouble as the midterm elections approach. The party seems incapable of getting its message across to a key group of voters: those who feel that the American dream is out of their reach.
Where the Democrats are failing to connect, the tea party is succeeding. That rising conservative movement has been extraordinarily good at tapping into the fury of American families who are neither rich nor poor, whose median income is $64,000 and who make up more than half of the nation's households.
For two generations, the Democrats have failed to relate to white working-class voters. Black working-class voters never abandoned the party, but the percentage of working-class whites who identified as Democrats fell from 60 percent in the mid-1970s to 40 percent in the mid-1990s. George W. Bush won their two presidential elections with landslides among white working-class men, while Obama lost among white working-class voters by 18 percentage points in 2008, roughly the same margin by which Al Gore lost them in 2000.
Democrats need to understand why Republicans have been so successful at courting working-class whites -- and why Democrats have been consistently unable to do so. Let's start with the tea party's battle cry to "restore America."
Restore what, exactly? For two generations after World War II, a blue-collar man could support their family; buy a house, car and washing machine; and send their kids to good public schools. The typical blue-collar household in 1973 was more than twice as well off as the equivalent household 25 years earlier. With the economy booming, the Democrats focused on universal social programs and provided Social Security, unemployment insurance, VA and FHA mortgages, educational benefits for veterans, good public schools and universities, and Medicare.
Then the economy shifted. The wages of high-school-educated men fell by nearly a fourth in the 1980s and 1990s. Family income fell less, but only because families sent wives into the labor force. While this was happening, the Democrats' social justice concerns moved away from universal economic entitlements and toward race, gender, the environment and gay rights.
When Democrats did address economic hardship, they focused on the poor through programs such as welfare, housing subsidies, Head Start and Medicaid. These programs mean that "the have-a-littles fight the have-nots" -- a description that a Brooklyn lawyer in the 1970s gave Jonathan Rieder in their book "Canarsie." A working-class housewife added: "The taxes go to the poor, not to us. . . . The middle-income people are carrying the cost of liberal social programs on their backs." That captures the enduring divide between working class voters and the Democratic Party.
In a country where it is so difficult to pass any social program, it may seem sensible to focus on the neediest. But politically, that has proved shortsighted -- a program for the poor alone is a poor program. Everyone likes universal initiatives; that's why trimming Social Security is the third rail of American politics. But means-tested programs, aimed at the poorest, fuel class conflict. Republicans have forged the idea that "the taxes go to the poor, not to us" into a full-blown attack on government. The tea party's "tea," of course, stands for "taxed enough already."
Remember the famous "Get your government hands off my Medicare" signs, toted unironically at rallies against health-care reform? Americans may hate "government," but they like government programs that help them. Designing programs to give subsidies to the poor, but nothing to working-class families who are also struggling, is a recipe for conflict. The Democrats fell into this trap yet again in the health-care debate, when they kept celebrating how many Americans would gain health insurance. Meanwhile, the Republicans maneuvered them into admitting that they would trim the fat from Medicare. The Democrats' message played right into the well-worn theme that they were going to take from the have-a-littles and lavish attention on the have-nots.
[ 55,771 views ]
As I Lay Dying
Tim Lambesis
Lambesis' attorney, Tom Warwick, revealed more details about the singer's past and their recent trouble with steroids in court on Friday.
Warwick said Lambesis was voted "Most Like Jesus" by classmates when they attended Santa Fe Christian High School as a teen. They were a religious studies major in college and "desperately loves their children," according to their lawyer.
Warwick said Lambesis' troubles began when they got into bodybuilding and "gym culture."
The frontman started taking supplements, then steroids, that led to what Warwick referred to as "changes in their physiological and mental status."
They went from 170 to 220-pounds and in their attorney's words, "Was not the same person. They were irritable and lost God." A forensic psychiatrist who consulted with the defense said Lambesis got "roid rage" after using steroids.
Their attorney said Lambesis is now off steroids, going through withdrawal, and in total isolation in jail for protection from other inmates. He's also getting personal counseling from a jail chaplain.
"It has been a terrible tragedy," Warwick said in court while arguing for lower bail. "He was a very caring, gentle man [before taking steroids] and we need to get them back."
As expected , a new bail hearing was held for imprisonedsingertoday in San Diego. Their defense team sought to have the $3 million bail amount reduced, and was apparently successful, though only moderately, as the amount was reduced to $2 million - which their lawyer states Lambesis still cannot afford.Interestingly, initial reports indicate that during the hearing Lambesis' defense team blamed the plot on the steroids they use as part of their weight-lifting regimen. Lambesis is also apparently suffering from steroid withdrawl in prison.We'll keep you posted as more information comes in.According to utsandiego.com , defense lawyer, Thomas Warwick, stated that Lambesis' "thought processes were devastatingly affected by their steroid use." Additionally, prosecutor Claudia Grasso said that Lambesis "did not flinch" when informed that the hit on their wife would cost $20,000. "He was very will to pay that," they said.A report on the hearing from NBC's San Diego affiliate provided more details on the transformation of Lambesis, seemingly from a student of religion, to a godless weightlifter:CBS8's video report on the hearing can be viewed below:
But Doctor Dre tells 'RapFix Live' Nicki should have played Summer Jam: 'You go out there and you perform for your fans.'
When it comes to Nicki Minaj versus Hot 97, it's hard not to have an opinion. And, of course, Sunday's Summer Jam drama came up during Wednesday's (June 6) "RapFix Live."
During the special episode, MTV News correspondent Sway Calloway shared hosting duties with "Yo! MTV Raps" legends Ed Lover and Doctor Dre, who weighed in on the situation. "You can't look at anybody that crosses over and achieves pop appeal as a sellout, because that's what you're trying to do when you put a record out," Ed Lover said. "So if Nicki Minaj ain't real hip-hop, then Public Enemy wasn't real hip-hop, then Run-DMC wasn't real hip-hop, then Eminem ain't real hip-hop."
After Hot 97 DJ Peter Rosenberg criticized Nicki's "Starships" single, suggesting the track wasn't real hip-hop, Minaj's Young Money boss Lil Wayne decided to cancel the Summer Jam performance. According to Doctor Dre, that's a no-no: The show must go on.
"First of all, Nicki Minaj was the only one who ruined 55,000 fans' expectations of the night. It has nothing to do with Rosenberg. You go out there and you perform for your fans," they said.
While Dre feels that Nicki should have performed that night, they also believe Rosenberg was out of line. "We have too many what I call 'semi-super experts' who always try to redefine hip-hop from its infancy," they argued.
In the late 1990s, Ed and Dre hosted "Yo! MTV Raps," and on Thursday, they will be the subjects of VH1's new Rock Doc "Yo: The Story of Yo! MTV Raps." During their iconic run, they've interviewed artists such as 2Pac, the Notorious B.I.G. and Rakim, just to name a few. They've seen many artists come and go.
"She's an artist whether I like them or I don't like them My daughter loves them and thinks that she's the world, and that's the case," Dre said before issuing a challenge to Rosenberg. "You make your record and get in the ring and let's see how you react, whether you start to sell out or not."
Where do you stand in the Young Money/ Summer Jam drama? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
Typical McDonald's Positions
For Crew: On a McDonald's restaurant crew, you'll be a member of a tight-knit team, working together to prepare meals, take food orders, keep the restaurant clean, and bring smiles to customers' faces with great service.
For Managers: Managers are team leaders, working with the restaurant crew to ensure quality service, great food, and cleanliness. As a manager, you might keep team members on target to meet goals, plan for peak hours during shifts, and check in with customers to make sure everyone at your McDonald's is happy and satisfied.
Opportunities for Advancement
Build a rewarding, long-term career with professional training and promotion opportunities that help you grow in the restaurant.
McDonald's Interview Tips and Resume Advice
Prepare for a face-to-face interview of about 15 minutes for crew positions, and 45 minutes for manager positions.
Be able to highlight your background or work experience, and why you want to work with McDonald's.
Dress for crew position candidates may be casual, yet professional, while candidates for department manager and above may want to dress business casual.
Most McDonald's restaurants are operated by independent franchisees who are independent employers, and set their own employment policies and practices. Franchisees are the exclusive employer of their employees and as such are solely responsible for all employment related matters in their restaurants. McDonald's does not control the independent franchisees' employment policies and practices and does not employ those working at franchised restaurants. McDonald's and its franchisees are equal opportunity employers committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce.
The Starting Six series comes to you to dive into the best player at each position all-time for every organization. The biggest and best at each position, with the most memorable moments in franchise history. Here is the Calgary Flames all-time lineup.
Starting Six: Calgary Flames All-Time Lineup
Since their move from Atlanta to Calgary in 1980 many great players have had the honour of suiting up for the Flames. The Flames organization has seen great success in the 1980's culminating in the franchise's lone Stanley Cup championship in 1989. After years of mediocrity the Flames had a magical run to the Cup Final in 2004 only to lose in a thrilling seven game series. With that in mind players from that team must be included in constructing Calgary's all-time roster.
Centre: Joe Nieuwendyk (1986-1995)
Nieuwendyk scored 30+ goals six times, eclipsing both the 40 and 50 goal mark twice. They were gifted with a set of soft hands and was dominant at both ends of the rink. They garnered a reputation as an extremely hard worker. Their deceptive speed and long reach gave opposing defenders fits on a nightly basis.
During Calgary's Stanley Cup run in 1989, Nieuwendyk put up 14 points, 10 of them goals, in 22 games while playing on one of the more dominant lines in Flames history. Their assist on Lanny McDonald's cup-clinching goal in game six of the 1989 Finals is one of the most iconic plays in all hockey.
Left Wing: Gary Roberts (1986-1996)
Roberts started their Flames career as a grinder (he hit 200+ penalty minutes five times in their career) but starting in 1988-89 they turned into a legitimate power forward, ending up playing on a line with Håkan Loob & Joe Nieuwendyk.
Roberts was an integral part of the Flames run to the 1989 Stanley Cup Championship. They recorded 12 points in 22 games (five goals, seven assists). In club stats he's ranked 10th in games played (585), fourth in goals (257), eighth in points (505), second in penalty minutes (1,736), and is second in hat tricks scored.
Right Wing: Jarome Iginla (1997-2013)
Iginla spent the majority of their career in Calgary and quickly became a fan favourite. They were a vital piece to the Flames return to respectability in the mid 2000's. After being traded from the Dallas Stars to the Flames in the late 90's Iginla would come to amaze fans with their electric shot and their rugged style of play. At the start of the 2003-04 season Iginla was named the Flames 18th captain, a role they held until being traded in the 2012-13 season.
Along with Craig Conroy and Martin Gelinas, Iginla was part of the top line that led Calgary on its magical run to the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals. They recorded their 500th goal and 1,000th point with the Flames. They left Calgary in 2012-13 as the all-time leader in games played, goals, and points. Iginla is one of the all-time great Calgary Flames. Their jersey can still be seen in the C of Red at the Saddledome.
Left Defence: Mark Giordano (2007-Present)
In just 10 seasons Giordano has become a franchise icon in Calgary. Their ability as a solid two-way defenceman has been a steady force on the Flames blueline since the 2006-07 season. Like a fine wine, with each passing year Giordano seems to get better. They bring a physical element that's been missed since the early days of Dion Phaneuf. He's been Calgary's top scoring blue liner multiple times and has been praised by their coaches for their tremendous work ethic.
While they won't light up the score sheet every night its Giordano's consistency that gets them on this list. They battle every night and whenever they are in the lineup the Flames have a shot to win. He's respected amongst their peers, coaches, and fans alike. On September 20, 2013 they would follow Jarome Iginla as captain of the Flames.
Right Defence: Al MacInnis (1984-1994)
From the time they first stepped on the ice with Calgary, it was easy to see that the Flames had a future hall of famer on there hands with MacInnis.
They were a solid defender in their own zone, but their real talent was in the offensive zone. Calgary's powerplay started and ended with him. Their booming shot was feared league-wide. In 803 games played as a Flame they recorded 213 goals, 609 assists, and 822 points.  They are the all-time leading scorer for defenceman in Flames history.
Their play in the 1989 playoffs was a huge reason to why Calgary ended up as Stanley Cup Champions. In 22 games they put up seven goals and 24 assists for 31 points which led all players en route to the Conn Smythe Trophy as the playoff MVP.
Little did Flame fans know that when their team acquired Kiprusoff in the 2003-04 season that they would get a future star goalie. Well that's exactly what they got. The man that fans quickly named “Kipper” would go on to become a vital part of Calgary's 2004 Stanley Cup run. In the '04 playoffs Kipper would go 15-11 with a goals-against-average of 1.85 and a save percentage of .928, falling just one win shy of the Stanley Cup.
For the next eight years the Flames had a goalie that would start 70 games in seven straight seasons and win 35+ games in every year except 2013, their last with the club. Kiprusoff was well-known for their athleticism, poise, and big time saves. They won the Vezina Trophy as the leagues top goalie in 2005-06 when they posted an incredible 42 wins, 2.07 goals-against-average, and .923 save percentage. They retired as the Flames leader in wins, saves, save percentage, goals-against-average, and shutouts.
Main Photo:
But looking across the country, it's clear that self-interest — and the fear of lost profits — also fuels the effort to keep weed outlawed. Tied for the largest single donation to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, the campaign against the state's recreational marijuana proposal, was $500,000 from Insys Therapeutics, a pharmaceutical company known for selling the painkiller fentanyl in the form of a sublingual spray. The company and some former employees have faced lawsuits and criminal charges over the way the drug was marketed.
Kevin Sabet, president of Smart Approaches to Marijuana, the largest anti-legalization group in the country, said the cash gap is “not surprising” and “always what we expected.” They noted that much of the pro-legalization money in California has come from entrepreneurs seeking to capitalize on what is projected to be a $6.5 billion market for marijuana by 2020.
A majority of Americans favor legal pot and pro-legalization campaigns have overwhelmingly outraised the opposition. Supporters in the five states set to vote on recreational marijuana had a war chest of $30 million as of Oct. 20, compared to just $6.6 million for their rivals, according to campaign finance data collected by the nonpartisan site Ballotpedia. The disparity comes largely from California, where proponents of legalization measure Proposition 64 have outraised their foes $18.1 million to $2 million.
Even by the usual standards of politics, this election's campaign against marijuana legalization has made strange bedfellows. The largest donors to the various anti-weed political groups around the country include a billionaire casino tycoon, a woman who believes in reefer madness, a drug-crusading former U.S. ambassador, cops, prison guards, booze merchants, and a pharma company that sells the powerful painkiller fentanyl.
Read more
Even by the usual standards of politics, this election's campaign against marijuana legalization has made strange bedfellows. The largest donors to the various anti-weed political groups around the country include a billionaire casino tycoon, a woman who believes in reefer madness, a drug-crusading former U.S. ambassador, cops, prison guards, booze merchants, and a pharma company that sells the powerful painkiller fentanyl.
A majority of Americans favor legal pot and pro-legalization campaigns have overwhelmingly outraised the opposition. Supporters in the five states set to vote on recreational marijuana had a war chest of $30 million as of Oct. 20, compared to just $6.6 million for their rivals, according to campaign finance data collected by the nonpartisan site Ballotpedia. The disparity comes largely from California, where proponents of legalization measure Proposition 64 have outraised their foes $18.1 million to $2 million.
Kevin Sabet, president of Smart Approaches to Marijuana, the largest anti-legalization group in the country, said the cash gap is “not surprising” and “always what we expected.” They noted that much of the pro-legalization money in California has come from entrepreneurs seeking to capitalize on what is projected to be a $6.5 billion market for marijuana by 2020.
“These guys don't care about ending the war on drugs,” said Sabet. “They care about making money.”
But looking across the country, it's clear that self-interest — and the fear of lost profits — also fuels the effort to keep weed outlawed. Tied for the largest single donation to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, the campaign against the state's recreational marijuana proposal, was $500,000 from Insys Therapeutics, a pharmaceutical company known for selling the painkiller fentanyl in the form of a sublingual spray. The company and some former employees have faced lawsuits and criminal charges over the way the drug was marketed.
Insys has said it opposes legalization because federal regulators have not approved marijuana for medical use and because the proposed law “fails to protect the safety of Arizona's citizens, and particularly its children.” But the company is also developing products that use pharmaceutical cannabinoids, a synthetic version of marijuana.
Sabet, whose organization coordinates anti-legalization campaigns nationwide, tried to distance the broader movement from Insys, saying their organization's funding comes from a range of sources. “I'm not actively going to pharmaceutical companies and saying ‘Give money to this; otherwise it's going to compete against your product.' Maybe I should, but I'm not going to do that,” they said.
“We get all of our money for these campaigns from individual donors, many people who lost family members to drug abuse, including from marijuana,” Sabet said. “We don't get a penny from corporations or a penny from opiate manufacturers.”
The nonprofit group will not disclose its finances until its 2016 tax filings, but it has also formed state-level PACs to fight the various legalization campaigns, and information about those PACs' donors is already publicly available.
One of Sabet's most generous individual donors is Julie Schauer, a wealthy art enthusiast who lives in the Washington, D.C., area. Through their family's trust, they have contributed more than $1.3 million to the organization's efforts to defeat California's recreational marijuana proposal, given at least $30,000 to the campaign against Nevada's proposed legal weed law, and donated another $25,000 to defeat the pro-pot effort in Massachusetts, according to an analysis of state campaign finance filings by VICE News.
Schauer did not respond to an email requesting comment and Sabet said they “doesn't want to speak to the media.” But they have made their views on marijuana public on several occasions. Tom Angell, founder of the pro-legalization group Marijuana Majority and a reporter for Marijuana.com, uncovered 2-year-old comments Schauer posted on the website OpenSecrets in which they blamed mass shootings and terrorist attacks, including the Boston Marathon bombing, on the perpetrators' marijuana use.
Schauer's largesse for the anti-marijuana movement has been eclipsed only by Sheldon Adelson, founder and CEO of the Las Vegas Sands Corporation, a gambling empire that includes 10 casinos in the U.S. and Asia. Ranked as one of the world's richest men by Forbes, Adelson has contributed a combined $5 million this election cycle to efforts to stop legal weed in Nevada, Massachusetts, Arizona, and Florida. Adelson previously contributed $5.5 million to defeat Florida's medical marijuana measure in 2014.
Representatives at the Sands Corporation and Adelson's charitable foundation did not respond to requests for comment about the donations. Sabet suggested that Adelson isn't motivated by business interests, noting that they “lost a child to drug abuse,” something Adelson's wife has spoken about publicly.
Aside from Adelson, Florida's largest anti-weed donor — contributing $1 million — is Mel Sembler, chairperson emeritus of the Sembler Company, a commercial real estate firm. A major Republican fundraiser, they served as the U.S. ambassador to Italy and to Australia. Sembler and their wife, Betty, are cofounders of the Drug Free America Foundation, a group that supports drug-testing students, opposes taking a harm-reduction approach to drug addiction, and claims that “crude” marijuana is not medicine.
A spokesperson for the Sembler Company directed a request for comment about Sembler's stance on marijuana to Sembler's personal assistant, who did not respond. Sembler wasn't the only prominent anti-pot donor who seemingly didn't want to discuss the topic — multiple requests for comment for this story went unanswered.
“Most [donors] would like to remain anonymous,” said Sabet. “They don't want the limelight. They care about the issue; they let me take the bullet. They're not people anybody knows.”
Any fear of blowback hasn't stopped businesses and executives with a national profile from bankrolling anti-weed campaigns. Ernie Garcia, chairperson of used-car vendor DriveTime, donated $250,000 to the cause in Arizona, and the moving and storage company U-Haul added another $25,000. Carol Jenkins Barnett, whose father founded the Publix supermarket chain, has contributed $800,000 to defeating Florida's medical pot initiative.
In Massachusetts, one industry in particular has joined forces against the state's recreational marijuana proposal. A wine and spirits wholesalers association kicked in $50,000 to the opposition campaign, and a beer distributors group added another $25,000. Local pubs, including McGreevy's, a prominent Boston establishment that bills itself as “America's first sports bar,” have contributed lesser amounts. McGreevy's and the Lower Mills Tavern in the city's Dorchester neighborhood both donated $1,000 to the cause — a move that hasn't gone over well with some customers who have vowed to boycott.
In some cases, opponents of pot ballot initiatives claim to support drug policy reform — just not full-blown legalization. Lauren Michaels, legislative affairs manager for the California Police Chiefs Association, which donated $20,000 to the campaign against Prop 64, noted that their organization supports medical marijuana in the state but opposes the proposed recreational system because “there's much less oversight and accountability for complying with state regulations.”
A number of other law enforcement groups have contributed to the anti-Prop 64 campaigns, including $25,000 from the Peace Officers Research Association of California, a coalition of more than 66,000 law enforcement members, and $5,000 from the prison guards at the California Correctional Supervisors Organization. Michaels said the police chiefs believe Prop 64 will do little to curb the black market and say it would put more stoned drivers on the road. Like Sabet, they pointed to money pouring into the race from the weed industry.
“The people who are supporting the initiative, it's a business investment for them — of course they're going to invest money,” Michaels said. “The people opposing it are essentially people connected to their communities. They're not going to have large amounts of money. We weren't surprised or daunted in any way. That's just the reality.”
Cops and prosecutors will have jobs whether weed is legal or not, but Mason Tvert, spokesperson for the Marijuana Policy Project, a group that is coordinating and financing legalization campaigns across the U.S., noted that millions of dollars worth of anti-narcotics funding are potentially at stake. And whether the campaign contributions are coming from a pharmaceutical company or a prison guard union, they said, keeping marijuana illegal often boosts donors' bottom lines — and ensures that nonviolent users and suppliers will keep ending up behind bars.
“These people are trying to basically allow the continued criminalization of thousands and thousands of adults in order to continue making money,” Tvert said. “That's kinda shady.”
Satoru Iwata, president and CEO of Nintendo, has died, the company said on its website today. Iwata was 55.
"Nintendo Co., Ltd. deeply regrets to announce that President Satoru Iwata passed away on July 11, 2015 due to a bile duct growth," the brief statement read.
Iwata took the helm of Nintendo in 2002. They were only the company's fourth president since its founding in 1889, and the only president not descended from the founding Yamauchi family.
Iwata was a rarity in the gaming industry: a corporate president whose background was in game programming. They joined the Tokyo-based developer HAL Laboratory fresh out of college in the early 80s, and immediately began working as a programmer, helping to create classic games like Balloon Fight and the Kirby's Dream Land series for Nintendo.
After taking the top slot at Nintendo, Iwata implemented a tremendous turnaround of the company's fortunes, launching the incredibly successful Nintendo DS and Wii consoles a few years later. Their passion for games was evinced most strongly in public through their prolific "Iwata Asks" interviews, in which they picked the brains of Nintendo's developers in ways that only they could, eliciting fascinating details about Nintendo's creative process.
Nintendo first discussed Iwata's health issues a little over a year ago when it said that surgery on their bile duct would keep the CEO from attending the 2014 E3 Expo. When they started appearing again in Nintendo livestreamed videos after E3, they had lost a significant amount of weight.
Iwata missed this year's E3 as well, but continued to work, as they fully participated in the most recent meeting of Nintendo shareholders on June 26.
The loss of such a tremendous talent as Iwata will surely have a serious impact on Nintendo as it continues into what it has called a "transitional" phase. The sudden loss of its well-liked, whip-smart, passionate leader at such a young age is surely a hammerlike blow from which it must now attempt to recover.
Even the very medium of videogames itself is now significantly worse off for the loss of such a talented creator and passionate advocate. Iwata's untimely absence will be sorely felt.
I've been wandering around the world for three years which funnily enough is the length of time that I've both owned a camera and had a natural attraction to landscape photography. I can recall the day that I climbed my first mountain at Machu Picchu in Peru in 2013. As I reached the peak at sunrise, I was intoxicated by a sense of achievement. I stared back towards the ancient city with the Urubamba River snaking around the valley below; grinning from ear to ear, I knew that from that moment onwards, I was hooked.
The Canadian Rockies would have to be the most visually spectacular regions that I have been to in all of North America. I could not believe that it took me so long to make it there and experience the region's natural beauty. After spending a whirlwind twelve days of exploring the lakes in Banff, the mind blowing scenic Icefield Parkway heading to Jasper, and flying into the isolated and grizzly bear inhabited lands of Assiniboine Provincial Park in British Columbia, it became increasingly difficult to leave.
Now I know why many of us Aussies go there for a season and never leave. You can spend a lifetime exploring and never become tired of it.
More info: jimmydau.com
If you're not pulling over for the wildlife, then you're pulling over for scenes like this.
Seeing the scale of the area by air is an added bonus
Even the greyest of mornings can yield the biggest surprises
Sunset at Castle Mountain in Banff. Don't be afraid to get your feet wet.
This place can make you feel so small and insignificant
Athabasca Falls in Jasper National Park
Assiniboine Provincial Park is only accessible by helicopter or a six hour hike
I've never seen perfect reflections as those at Moraine Lake
It's easy to get lost in time while admiring the view
The Icefield Parkway is one of the most scenic stretches of road that been on
Even when it's gloomy, this place is still stunning
A lot of the photography here, I call carpark shooting. It's not too far from the car to scenes like this.
The fall is the best time to experience the changing colours in the foliage
Where there are glaciers, there are waterfalls
I just sat in the one spot at Bow Lake and watched the low cloud dance across the mountains
The grizzly bear threat makes it all worth while
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 6, 2013, 5:16 PM GMT By Lisa Leff
Local governments in California have legal authority to ban storefront pot shops within their borders, California's highest court ruled on Monday in an opinion likely to further diminish the state's once-robust medical marijuana industry.
Nearly 17 years after voters in the state legalized medical marijuana, the court ruled unanimously in a legal challenge to a ban the city of Riverside enacted in 2010.
The advocacy group Americans for Safe Access estimates that another 200 jurisdictions statewide have similar prohibitions on retail pot sales. Many were enacted after the number of retail medical marijuana outlets boomed in Southern California after a 2009 memo from the U.S. Justice Department said prosecuting pot sales would be a low priority.
However, the rush to outlaw pot shops has slowed in the 21 months since the four federal prosecutors in California launched a coordinated crackdown on dispensaries by threatening to seize the property of landlords who lease space to the shops. Hundreds of dispensary operators have since been evicted or closed voluntarily.
Marijuana advocates have argued that allowing local government to bar dispensaries thwarts the intent of the state's medical marijuana law — the nation's first — to make the drug accessible to residents with doctor's recommendations to use it.
The ruling came in the case filed after Riverside city lawmakers used zoning powers to declare storefront pot shops as public nuisances and ban the operations in 2010. The Inland Empire Patient's Health and Wellness Center, part of the explosion of retail medical marijuana outlets, sued to stop the city from shutting it down.
A number of counties and cities were awaiting the Supreme Court ruling before moving forward with bans of their own.
A mid-level appeals court previously sided with the city of Riverside, but other courts have come to opposite conclusions. Last summer, a trial judge ruled that Riverside County could not close medical marijuana dispensaries in unincorporated areas because the move did not give the shops any room to operate legally under state law.
Meanwhile, an appeals court in Southern California struck down Los Angeles County's 2-year-old ban on dispensaries, ruling state law allows cooperatives and collectives to grow, store and distribute pot.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Director General of the WHO, Dr Margaret Chan, and Secretary of State for International Development Justine Greening spoke to the BBC's Tulip Mazumdar
Nearly 700 million cases of malaria have been prevented in Africa as a result of concerted efforts to tackle the disease since 2000, a study shows.
The report published in the journal Nature showed that overall the number of infections fell by 50% across the continent.
Bed nets were responsible for the vast majority of the decrease.
There have also been calls to maintain funding to ensure the progress is not undone.
Meanwhile, a report by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the charity Unicef say malaria death rates have fallen 60% globally since 2000 and more than six million lives have been saved.
The report said 13 countries that had malaria in 2000 reported no cases in 2014 while a further six countries had fewer than ten cases.
However, Africa still accounts from 80% of cases and 78% of deaths.
Dr Margaret Chan, the director general of the WHO, said: "Global malaria control is one of the great public health success stories of the past 15 years.
"It's a sign that our strategies are on target, and that we can beat this ancient killer, which still claims hundreds of thousands of lives, mostly children, each year."
The executive director of Unicef, Anthony Lake, argued: "We know how to prevent and treat malaria. Since we can do it, we must."
'Optimistic message'
The researchers from the University of Oxford analysed data from 30,000 sites in sub-Saharan Africa to estimate that 663 million cases were prevented over the past 15 years.
68% of the reduction was down to the distribution of a billion insecticide-treated bed nets
22% was attributed to the treatment artemisinin
10% to spraying homes with insecticide
One of the researchers, Dr Samir Bhatt, told the BBC News website: "It's just phenomenal.
"Just by putting in these interventions you've managed to save all these cases, 700 million is a huge number and that's the reality of what happened and that's why it's such an optimistic message."
Image copyright SPL
But despite the progress, the job is far from done. A child still dies from malaria every minute in Africa.
The rate of improvement is also slowing - cases were falling by 9% a year up to 2011 but that has since fallen to 5%.
Dr Bhatt added: "We need to really be careful that we don't start reducing the number of interventions and keep driving forwards. We need to keep redoubling efforts."
Drug resistance is also a worry. Dr Bhatt describes mosquitoes being able to shrug off the effects of some insecticides as an "absolutely huge" issue in Africa.
Meanwhile, resistance to the drug artemisinin has been detected in south-east Asia and would seriously hamper efforts to control the disease if resistance spread to Africa.
Eight African countries are aiming to eliminate the disease by 2020 including Namibia.
The country's former health minister Dr Richard Kamwi, whose brother died from malaria, said there had been a "drastic reduction" in cases in their country.
They warned that any cuts to funding "would be very unfortunate".
They told the BBC News website: "I have seen some countries where elimination was almost in sight and when they stopped indoor spraying we have seen resurgence.
"I want to emphasise to big funders and government [the need] to keep up their support."
'Great success'
Meanwhile, a report by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the charity Unicef say malaria death rates have fallen 60% globally since 2000 and more than six million lives have been saved.
The report said 13 countries that had malaria in 2000 reported no cases in 2014 while a further six countries had fewer than ten cases.
However, Africa still accounts from 80% of cases and 78% of deaths.
Dr Margaret Chan, the director general of the WHO, said: "Global malaria control is one of the great public health success stories of the past 15 years.
"It's a sign that our strategies are on target, and that we can beat this ancient killer, which still claims hundreds of thousands of lives, mostly children, each year."
The executive director of Unicef, Anthony Lake, argued: "We know how to prevent and treat malaria. Since we can do it, we must."
GroceryChoice 'sabotaged' by supermarkets
Updated
Retailers are denying accusations from a major consumer group that they sabotaged the GroceryChoice project.
Consumer group Choice lashed out at the Australian National Retailers Association this morning for undermining the GroceryChoice website.
Choice's chief executive, Nick Stace, told a Senate hearing into the scrapping of the website that the association which represents the major supermarkets sabotaged the project.
Choice had taken over running the website when the Federal Government dumped the project in June, but Mr Stace says the Australian National Retailers Association stopped individual supermarkets from co-operating, and that stymied the project.
"They sabotaged, and you know I think there's an anti-democratic kind of strain that's running through that, because it was an election commitment on a popularly elected government and I think It's pretty anti-democratic for a body like ANRA and the supermarkets to block progress in that way," they told the hearing.
"It's certainly anti-competitive bearing in mind that this would have added an important tool for consumers to compare prices."
Competition law expert, Associate Professor Frank Zumbo from the University of NSW, agrees that the project was undermined by the major retailers, and says it would be easy for them to provide consumers with pricing information.
"Coles and Woolworths have sophisticated information systems to keep track of every product they sell. They have the technology to provide customers with timely and up to date pricing information on all their products," they wrote in a statement on the issue.
"So, if Coles and Woolworths were serious about customer service they would launch their own websites giving consumers 'real time' pricing information for every product in every store. Customers could then go online to check prices for themselves at any time."
Allegations denied
However, the Australian National Retailers Association denies scuttling the GroceryChoice project, and its chief executive Margy Osmond says there were many hurdles to implementing the scheme.
"Much of the information that was being requested was simply not possible to be supplied," they told ABC News Online.
"The large retailers don't actually have standardised prices across the country, they have an extremely flexible approach which allows consumers to get the best deals in many parts of Australia."
Margy Osmond says ANRA is only a representative body and could not have instructed its members to hinder the project.
Instead they lay much of the blame for website's failure with Choice.
"We were very happy to be in discussions with Choice, and we were very keen to see the exercise progress, but we simply couldn't get the information and the assurances from Choice that would make that possible," they said.
"Our members are interested in anything that's good for consumers and good for transparency in the marketplace. We have been in discussions with the Minister, and we'll continue to be in discussions with the Government about what we can do in that space."
Professor Zumbo says the Government should not abandon the idea of grocery prices being available on the internet.
"If Coles and Woolworths fail to provide customers with real time pricing information, then the Federal Government should move to require Coles and Woolworths to do so," Professor Zumbo concluded.
Additional $4 million
Treasury officials say the Government might have to pay consumer organisation Choice an additional $4 million for axing the GroceryChoice website.
The Government announced in June that it was scrapping the website after it had already spent $8 million on it.
Treasury officials have told today's committee hearing they expect the Government's remaining liability to be less than $4 million.
Coalition Senator Guy Barnett has expressed concerns that the Government's tight deadline for setting up GroceryChoice meant the cheapest tender was not accepted.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission has told a Senate inquiry that the Informed Sources group offered to collect grocery information for $2.7 million less than the offer that the ACCC accepted.
They told the inquiry they had concerns about whether Informed Sources could collect the data and did not have enough time to check, because the Government wanted the website set up in six weeks.
Liberal Senator Guy Barnett says pressure from the Government led them to take a more expensive option.
Topics: federal-government, consumer-protection, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Police are looking for a man wanted in connection to a May shooting in the 7th Ward that left two men dead, according to a press release from New Orleans Police.
When found, Javonte Thomas, 19, will be charged with first-degree murder, according to the release.
About 6:15 p.m. on May 31, two men were shot in a car in the 300 block of Pauger Street, police said. One of the victims, 17-year-old Keenen Williams, died on the scene. The other, 20-year-old Kelvin Jones Jr., was brought to the hospital where they later died.
2nd man dies in 7th Ward double shooting Wednesday The Orleans Parish Coroner's Office identified the two victims as Keenon Williams, 17, and Kelvin Jones Jr., 20.
Investigators ask anyone with information about Thomas' whereabouts to contact NOPD homicide detective Clinton Givens at 504-658-5300 or Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111.
But the West paid attention, they said, and Russia is not ready. It is one thing to use a force of up to 100,000 well-trained, well-booted soldiers to seize Crimea or even to destabilize a neighbor, but it is a very different matter to take on NATO, they noted.
Russia, lacking both the manpower and the weapons systems, will not be ready to do so any time soon, which is why Mr. Putin resorts to asymmetrical responses like nuclear weapons, analysts said.
The war with Ukraine severed cooperation with some critical defense industries there, while Western sanctions cut off some technology used in military applications, like microchips.
Then there are deepening questions of just how much Russia can afford, even if it is one of the world's largest arms exporters, with some $16 billion in sales last year.
The steep drops in the price of oil and the value of the ruble mean Russia is facing a recession this year, although recent figures suggest it will not be as bad as originally anticipated.
Mr. Putin has said they will maintain both their $400 billion, decade-long military modernization campaign and the social safety net that they promised when they started their third term as president in 2012. At times, they have said the pace might slow, but they have never publicly entertained the idea of cutting back.
They repeated part of that pledge on Tuesday at the military fair, stating that at least 70 percent of all weapons should be modernized by 2020. But there are signs that the money might run out first.
This book is a must-read for Generation Y. In fact, anyone who is interested in Skateboarding, BMX, Snowboarding or any of the other Mountain-Dew-chugging Xtreme sports. If you went to high school around 1996-2002, this book is full of nostalgia from "back-in-da-day". Although it is not the main theme, this book captures a significant slice of Los Angeles culture.
This book is much more than just a story of Ryan Jaunzemis, written for fans of soap shoes. It's a book for anyone that enjoys reading a genuinely interesting story about someone who takes risks and is truly living their life to the max (as opposed to just floating along, settling for a corporate 9-5 gig) and honest about their life's experiences. Ryan's story gives a glimpse into the mind of a legit hustler who keeps it 100, their narrative shows how failure and adversity are a part of the process towards achieving success.
Ryan's has a talent for capturing enthusiasm in their writing, at many points throughout the book the excitement was palpable. Because of their authenticity, Ryan is a highly relatable individual as a protagonist. You find yourself rooting for them like Rocky Balboa fighting Ivan Drago, I had the sense of riding the highs and lows along with him. An unexpected drama and THE page-turner of 2015, I read the book front-to-back in two days. The story arc is thrilling and unlike anything I've read before. This book is not a comedy, although it has striking similarities to "Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story", in that it's an up-and-down-and-up-and-down-and-up again tale of hardship and success.
I hope that this book is picked up by a major publisher to achieve the level of exposure a story like this deserves. Ryan Jaunzemis is not just a professional Soaper, they are on the pathway to becoming an American Icon. I believe that Ryan would be a perfect guest for Loveline on KROQ-FM, with the right outlet - keep your eye on this guy, he's going places.
Roma midfielder Miralem Pjanic says they are ‘so sorry' for Zdenek Zeman after the coach was sacked by Roma on Saturday.
The 65-year-old coach was dismissed after a 4-2 home loss to Cagliari proved to be the final straw for the club's directors.
The result saw Roma drop to eighth in Serie A having been unable to register a win in any of their past five league matches.
Pjanic believes the decision would not have been an easy one for the club, and hopes Roma's fans can get behind the team as they look to move forward under caretaker coach Aurelio Andreazzoli.
“It was certainly not an easy decision for our directors to make,” Pjanic wrote on their Facebook page.
“I am so sorry it ended this way and I wish the coach all the best. Now we must turn over a new leaf and I ask all of you to be united so we can bring normality back and emerge from this situation for the good of our Roma.”
Andreazzoli's first game in charge will be away at Sampdoria next Sunday.
Sudan on Monday night expelled Kenya's ambassador in Khartoum after a High Court judge in Nairobi issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, the Sudan Tribune reported.
Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) over alleged crimes against humanity and genocide in the western region of Darfur.
The High Court issued the arrest warrant on Monday after Bashir was permitted to visit Kenya in August 2010.
More on GlobalPost: Sudanese rebels form alliance to fight Khartoum
Handing down their ruling, Judge Nicholas Ombija said Kenya, being a signatory to the Rome Statute, which established the ICC, was obliged to arrest Bashir “should they set foot in Kenya in future.”
Following the ruling, Sudan ordered the Kenyan ambassador to leave the country within 72 hours, while also recalling its ambassador in Nairobi, the BBC reported.
The case was brought by the local chapter of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ).
ICJ deputy and programs director Mwaura Nderi praised the ruling:
"If the government does not execute this court warrant, it will not only be failing in its obligations as set out in the Rome Statute but also putting unnecessary and undue strain on the already bruised human rights records of the country after post-election violence serious crimes."
It is not clear if the Kenyan government intends to appeal the High Court decision, the Sudan Tribune reported.
Bashir, the first head of state to be indicted by the ICC, denies the charges against him.
The United Nations estimates that 300,000 have died 2.7 million people have been displaced since the war in Darfur began in 2003.
FRISCO - A familiar sight returned to the FC Dallas goal last week as bombastic goalkeeper Raul Fernandez was back for the trio of matches against New York, Seattle and San Jose.
The Peruvian known as “Superman” had previously missed the last 12 matches for FC Dallas dating back to September 29, 2013.
“It was a difficult and long week last week,” Raul said through a translator on Wednesday. “It felt a bit marathon-like, but I think that this week we have to get ourselves ready for a victory.”
READ: Akindele's debut a bright spot in frustrating loss to San Jose
A victory was the one thing missing from Raul's return to the pitch. Despite making 12 saves in their three matches, Raul took the loss in all three, something that definitely takes away from their jaw-dropping double save in Seattle.
“Personally, they're good saves, but it's a shame that we couldn't get a point (in Seattle),” said Raul. “Still, I'm happy for my return and that I am giving it my all on the field.”
As for their jaw-dropping MLSsoccer.com Save of the Week-nominated double save in Seattle?
“That's a sign that Superman has returned,” they said with a laugh.
Without a doubt, the top priority for Raul and FC Dallas as they return to Toyota Stadium on Saturday night to face Chivas USA, other than three points, will be to get that first elusive clean sheet of the season.
“We're working on that [shutout] and we're focused on working hard for the 90 minutes and extra time,” said Raul. “Tomorrow, we're going to begin watching film on [Chivas USA] and then take the things that we learned there onto the field and execute our game plan.”
Score $20 tickets to Saturday's game vs Chivas USA!
Raul's return has certainly come at a good time from a national team perspective. Peru is just about to begin preparations for the 2015 Copa America in Chile and will play a part in the road to Brazil as their Peru side is set to face Switzerland and England at Wembley Stadium in a pair of pre-World Cup friendlies set for early June.
For a fiercely proud Peruvian like Raul, their hard work with FC Dallas will hopefully precede a call up to these matches from new Peru head coach Pablo Bengoechea.
“I want to have that opportunity and continue to play in these types of games,” said Raul. “It's a great moment to be playing against the top teams in the world like England…[playing at Wembley] is a dream that everyone wants to come true.”
Q: Pat Riley's moves with Hassan Whiteside and Goran Dragic were brilliant, but I fear we're locked in a good-but-not-great period, cap-limited from pursuing a free-agent superstar. -- Daniel.
A: Actually, Dwyane Wade will make that decision, based on their next contract, whether that comes this offseason or the 2016 offseason. If Wade agrees to trade dollars for years, and if Whiteside waits the one more year needed for full Bird Rights, the Heat could have room for a max offer to a free agent in the 2016 offseason. Yes there are plenty of moving parts, but there also is Pat Riley, no state income tax and balmy winters. Wade has worked with the Heat at just about every turn, so there is reason to believe they again will balance dollars against the opportunity to succeed in South Florida.
Q: Monty Williams got fired why? -- Ricardo.
A: I believe the NBA is going through a period of recruitment-through-coaching. By that, I mean that Oklahoma City, knowing Kevin Durant could leave after the coming season in free agency, decided they had to come up with someone who Durant believes they could move forward with, so they made the move to Billy Donovan. I think it could be a similar approach by the Pelicans, who realize that it might be someone fresh or a bit more proven who might convince Anthony Davis to stay either as a restricted free agent in 2016 or possibly as an unrestricted free agent the year after. Even the Cavaliers will have to make similar considerations, with LeBron James holding an opt-out this summer with a contract that otherwise could expire next summer. With just about every team to have cap space, it will have to be about more than that in free agency. One of the best ways a team can make an impression is through the right coaching hire. That's where New Orleans stands now. It also makes me wonder if New York will want to move forward with Derek Fisher as one of their primary recruiters for 2016. The coaching carousel could get fascinating leading to 2016 free agency.
Q: What's the chances for Thaddeus Young? They us more natural at the three, and in my mind is better than Luol Deng or DeMarre Carroll. -- Benjamin.
A: Young has a player option, so we still don't know whether they will be available. But they also are more of a combo three-four, not necessarily with the type of 3-point range the Heat would prefer. As for Carroll, I think he's pricing themselves out of the Heat's free-agency range with their play. I still don't get the increased questioning about Deng, who provides needed perimeter defense on the wing, something the Heat otherwise lack. And their .355 shooting on 3-pointers was just about as good as the Heat consistently got on the wing last season.
Earlier this summer, fresh from college graduation, Emma Watson, was named a U.N. Women Goodwill Ambassador. Though the ripples of their involvement over the past few months can be seen online (crashing the U.N. Web site, using Twitter to denounce a sexist politician in Turkey or respond to the gender politics of the recent celebrity nude photo hack), Watson's power in person is an entirely different matter.
The actor gave an impassioned speech on feminism and gender at the U.N. headquarters in New York this weekend to launch the “HeForShe” campaign which aims to galvanize one billion men and boys as advocates for ending the inequalities that women and girls face globally.
Watson's speech, which was met with a thunderous standing ovation, not only called for action from male allies, but clarified a persistent misconception about feminism in general. They said:
I decided I was a feminist and this seemed uncomplicated to me. But my recent research has shown me that feminism has become an unpopular word. Apparently I am among the ranks of women whose expressions are seen as too strong, too aggressive, isolating, anti-men and, unattractive. Why is the word such an uncomfortable one? I am from Britain and think it is right that as a woman I am paid the same as my male counterparts. I think it is right that I should be able to make decisions about my own body. I think it is right that women be involved on my behalf in the policies and decision-making of my country. I think it is right that socially I am afforded the same respect as men. But sadly I can say that there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights.
Watson is pushing back against recent campaigns like Women Against Feminism. As Watson puts it elsewhere in their speech, these campaigns portray the feminist cause as “man-hating.” By involving both genders in the HeForShe campaign, Watson hopes to abolish the “us vs. them” mentality.
Watson is potentially in an even better position than many of their peers to do so. Them role as Hermione Granger, the universally adored hero of the Harry Potter series, gives them an automatic in with male and female millenials. This is a rare case where an actor being conflated with their role might be a good thing. In this way, their widespread influence on young minds (still forming their opinions on gender roles and advocacy) is even stronger than other high-profile defenders of the F-word like Beyoncé.
Watson's Harry Potter association also carries with it a disadvantage –– the fear they might not be taken seriously. They address this concern in their speech:
You might be thinking who is this Harry Potter girl? And what are they doing up on stage at the UN. It's a good question and trust me I have been asking myself the same thing. I don't know if I am qualified to be here. All I know is that I care about this problem. And I want to make it better. And having seen what I've seen—and given the chance—I feel it is my duty to say something. English statesman Edmund Burke said: “All that is needed for the forces of evil to triumph is for enough good men and women to do nothing.”
That Harry Potter association will always follow Watson. Even U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon joked, “She's been waving a magic wand. I hope you use your magic wand to end violence against women!” But with their serious approach to advocacy, it's impossible to laugh off Watson's message. You can watch their entire speech here:
Update (7:33 P.M.): An earlier version of this article did not contain video of Watson's speech.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
Share This!
Over at Disney's Animal Kingdom, Disney will introduce a brand-new allergy information kiosk where guests may speak with Cast Members to help choose to dine options to accommodate intolerances or food allergies. Known as the Gardens Kiosk, it will allow guests to understand their food and beverage options before visiting a location within the theme park. Of course, when visiting a restaurant, it will still be important to speak with a chef, but this kiosk will simply help in making choices.
In addition to offering information about dietary restrictions, pre-packaged snacks will be on hand for purchase. Items include popcorn, chips, granola bars, desserts, hummus with veggies, and gluten-free beer.
The Gardens Kiosk will be located outside the brand new Adventurers Outpost meet and greet location on Discovery Island and is set to open on Sunday, August 4. Hours will be 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
It can only be assumed that if this is successful, a version will be rolled out to the other theme parks.
It was known coming in that it would take a special effort for the eighth-ranked Florida State baseball team to knock off one of the nation's best teams in the No. 4 Louisville Cardinals. On Friday night, that's exactly what we saw from the Seminoles. It was an offensive explosion as the two teams combined for 19 runs and 31 hits in FSU's 12-7 win that stakes the 'Noles to a 1-0 series lead over the Cardinals in a matchup of the top two teams in the ACC Atlantic. Here's what went well -- and not so well -- in the marquee victory for Florida State.
3 up
1. To say that the Florida State bats came through in a big way on Friday would be a massive understatement. FSU tagged a Louisville pitching staff that entered this weekend with a nation-leading 2.23 team ERA for 12 runs, nine earned, on 19 hits. No Cardinal hurler was exempt as all four UL pitchers allowed at least one earned run. The Seminoles' win will be remembered for the seventh inning in which FSU plated seven runs on five hits with five of those runs coming with two outs in the frame. The highlights were senior infielder John Sansone delivering a two-run double down the third-base line at the end of a 10-pitch at-bat which saw them foul off four pitches with a full count and Cal Raleigh's no-doubt, two-run moon shot on the first pitch they saw. Matt Henderson's 4-4 effort at the plate with two runs and two RBIs must not go unmentioned as well. All in all, it was a team effort. 10 different 'Noles had at least one hit and nine scored at least one run.
2. What makes the Seminoles' win even more magnificent was the resiliency the team showed. They trailed 1-0 after one inning and 2-0 through two. After the top of the fourth inning, Florida State found itself in a 4-1 hole and looking another underwhelming loss on a big stage right in the face. However, FSU learned from its previous mistakes and had a response each time UL made another run. The biggest aspect that keyed the comeback was taking advantage of the opportunities provided to them, something that this team has struggled mightily with this year. The Seminoles finished 13-28 (.464) with runners on base, 9-18 (.500) with runners in scoring position, and 6-14 (.429) with two outs. This is a drastic turnaround from the situational hitting issues that FSU encountered earlier in the season in each of the two games so far against the top-ranked University of Florida and shows that there is hope yet for this team to develop in situational hitting.
3. Florida State entered this weekend with a dismal .968 team fielding percentage, among the worst in the ACC, while Louisville held a .978 fielding percentage, the third-best mark in the conference. Still, the teams looked like equals in the field on Friday with the Seminoles possibly holding even a narrow edge. Both sides finished with one error but FSU made multiple key defensive plays at crucial moments in the game. This team is definitely trending upwards with regard to fielding and tonight was evidence of that against a very talented team.
3 down
1. As mentioned above, Florida State found itself in a early deficit in Friday's game. This was due to a contact pitcher, redshirt senior Mike Compton, being exposed by a very good hitting team in Louisville. Compton was chased after 3+ innings, allowing three runs, two earned, on eight hits and allowing Louisville to begin the game with a .444 batting average at the time of their departure. Compton did not have their best stuff on Friday and, in many regards, was lucky not to get saddled with the loss.
2. Another notable thing which contributed to FSU's early deficit was a lack of awareness when it came to baserunning. Three times in the first three innings on Friday, a Florida State baserunner either ignored third-base coach Mike Martin Jr. or was simply reckless on the basepaths, lacking awareness of the situation. In each of the three cases, it resulted directly in an out, halting what was shaping up to be a productive inning. This has been a problem across the team which has presented itself at inopportune moments through the first half of the season and very well could have spelled the difference in the final result on a different day.
3. The relief efforts were an improvement as the one reliever who allowed three hits, Alec Byrd, worked three full innings. The most susceptible aspect of the 'Noles pitching performance was their liability of allowing long balls. Byrd allowed a pair of solo home runs and Matthew Kinney allowed a two-run bomb in the seventh inning. As a unit, the FSU relievers allowing five hits and no walks over six innings of work is stellar. But, when three of those five hits are homers, it presents a bit more of a problem.
With the win, Florida State improves to 21-7 on the year, 8-1 in ACC play while Louisville falls to 23-6, 9-4 in conference. Despite the glowing performance, the Seminoles get little time to bask in the win, returning to the diamond on Saturday for the second game of the series. It will see Florida State throw Drew Carlton (4-1, 3.38 ERA) against Louisville's dominant southpaw Drew Harrington (6-1, 1.23). First pitch is scheduled for 6 PM.
If you ever have arguments with people of the opposite sex, the following may be the most valuable advice you will receive all year.
In humans, strong emotion starts with physiological changes in your body, not with an awareness of the emotion in your brain. So when somebody pisses you off, your heart rate increases, your adrenaline surges, and your muscles tighten up even before you realize that you're angry. Or, as William James wrote, “we feel sorry because we cry, angry because we strike, afraid because we tremble,” not the other way around.
According to neurobiologist Robert Sapolsky, men and women are about the same in the speed with which their physiology gets engaged in strong emotions. However, in women, the nervous system takes a bit longer to “settle down” and return to normal than it does in men.
What this means is that as an argument winds down, a man will start feeling calmer relatively quickly — while a woman's body remains in an agitated state even after the apparent resolution of the argument. Because everyone's brain takes cues from the body, their brain realizes it's still angry. So it starts casting about for other things to be angry about. Bam: Suddenly the argument flares up again, about a new subject.
Sound familiar? Fortunately, once you know about this, it's not too hard to figure out how to handle it, whether you're male or female. If you're a man arguing with a woman, once the argument seems to be winding up, it's time to say something funny, switch the subject to a completely different (non-controversial) topic, or do something nice for them If you're a woman, you need to remind yourself to go chill out, step into a different room, or do something to calm down before you reignite the argument.
Or, as Sapolsky and their wife do, you can just remind each other, “Honey, don't forget what the half-life is on the autonomic nervous system!”
All this, and even more fascinating neurobiology, can be found in this highly entertaining episode of WNYC's Radio Lab: Where Am I? The explanation of emotion and physiology is in the first segment, “Phantom Limbs.” Some of the best science radio ever.
Ex-foreign minister casts light on support for Israel – and their obsession with diet and the indignities of businesss class travel
Former foreign minister Bob Carr has suggested Julia Gillard's dogged insistence on supporting Israel in a controversial United Nations vote was because Australian foreign policy had been “subcontracted” to Jewish donors.
In a new biography about their 18 months as foreign minister, Carr reveals deep tensions within Labor over foreign policy and intimate details of their conversations with foreign leaders - including an April 2012 meeting with David Miliband who was “pessimistic about British Labour being led by ‘brother' Ed”.
In more unusual territory for a political memoir, they reveal a near-obsessive preoccupation with their diet and exercise regime, and complains about being “reduced” to business class travel.
Bob Carr: Diary of a Foreign Minister includes a detailed account of a period in October and November 2012 when Carr campaigned against Gillard's insistence that Australia should support Israel and vote against Palestinian observer status in the United Nations.
The bitter fight became entwined in the leadership tensions that were reaching a crescendo at the time.
As it reached its height, they describe Kevin Rudd arriving at their parliament house office “purse-lipped, choirboy hair, speaking in that sinister monotone. A chilling monotone”.
Rudd's had a “morbid interest” in the issue which had the potential to impact both on Australia's fate in the upcoming vote for a seat on the UN security council and on their own chances to return to the prime ministership.
“How much of this is about money, I asked him,” Carr writes. “He said about one-fifth of the money they had raised in the 2007 election campaign had come from the Jewish community.”
Carr concludes that “subcontracting our foreign policy to party donors is what this involves. Or appears to involve.”
They describe how nine ministers spoke against Gillard when the issue was discussed by cabinet, and only two in favour of their position.
But they remained unmoved and said it was a “prime minister's call”. They only changed their mind when they realised they were set to be overruled by the caucus - which would have ended their already tenuous hold on the leadership.
They also describe their rigorous personal regimen. One passage reads: “I did two hours of Pilates, then to Double Bay for my third meditation lesson; then to the office to read cables; to the gym ...”.
Or, “travel devastates my diet...none of the official meals have serious protein content … I've got to order two main courses to come close to my protein targets. I've been wolfing down whey protein powder (cross flow, micro-filtered and hydrolysed) and branch-chain amino acid tablets”.
They also cast light on their struggle to “eliminate” sugar and flour and their penchant for “organic steel cut oats”.
Politics is never far away though. Australia's ambassador to the United States, Kim Beazley, suggested to Carr, and to “a few people” in Washington that Carr - a long-serving former NSW premier - was a “viable alternative” as Labor leader as the tensions between Rudd and Gillard dragged on.
“This is fantasy, a bit of flattery. And who would want it, in these circumstances,” they conclude.
They also describe deliberately courting media attention, being “in and out of the TV studios in parliament house like a fiddler's elbow” because the publicity would “ensure that Rudd can't dump me (as foreign minister) if they take over.”
And they reveal deep differences within the government about how tightly Australia should walk in lock step with the United States and bemoans that their short tenure in the job limits their options to change things.
“I would like to make us a little less craven, to correct the recent tilt away from China and the too-desperate embrace of the US, symbolised in last year's announcement of a rotating marine presence in Darwin and Obama's criticism of China in our parliament,” they write.
They relate a cabinet meeting in August 2012 when then defence minister Stephen Smith proposed “pumping up” an announcement about the troops rotation during the high level bilateral meeting later in the year with then US secretary of state Hillary Clinton and then defense secretary Leon Panetta.
“I said my concern was the announcement - beaten up and embellished - would make us look like a continental US aircraft carrier with B52s roaring out of our airstrips, headed in all directions north,” they write.
But they say “none of my colleagues seemed to understand what a strategic decision we were being asked to make here and this surprised me. I was somewhat surprised too that the prime minister didn't express a view.”
The jet-setting former foreign minister also complained at having to do all their travel business class.
On a trans-Atlantic flight to meet Hillary Clinton they complain; “Business class. No edible food. No airline pyjamas….I lie in my tailored suit” and on another long haul flight they write: “Eating plastic — no ceramic — food, passengers lying in cribs, packed in business class, a design that owes a lot to the trans-Atlantic slave trade ...”
And when they and their wife Helena, who regularly travelled with him, were upgraded to first class flights they write “Pathetic that the public service rules reduce me to that, an upgrade for a middle-power foreign minister.”
They also comment on the prevalence of obesity in the United States and questions whether republican John McCain and other senior figures had had plastic surgery.
And they have colourful descriptions for their counterparts, including “… the super-urbane (Indonesian) foreign minister Marty Natalegawa who, Julia Gillard says, reminds them of Johnny Depp…”
Foreign minister Julie Bishop has claimed Carr would be “breaching confidences” f in the book and former foreign minister Alexander Downer told Guardian Australia the project was “inappropriate”, “embarrassing” and “wrong”.
Carr responded that every US secretary of state has written a memoir.
When it was reported in November 2012 that Carr was keeping a diary of their time as foreign minister with the intent of publishing it – based on the accounts of numerous sources – Carr immediately issued a statement denying they were writing a book.
Carr, who served as NSW premier for 10 years, entered the Senate and became foreign minister at the request of former prime minister Julia Gillard in March 2012, when Kevin Rudd returned to the backbench after losing a leadership challenge. They stood for another six-year term in the number one position on the NSW Senate ticket, but announced their resignation a few weeks after the election.
Sen. Harris' 1st bill seeks legal counsel for refugees
Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., listens as Retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly testifies during the Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing on their confirmation to be Secretary of Homeland Security on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen) less Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., listens as Retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly testifies during the Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing on their confirmation to be Secretary of Homeland Security on Capitol ... more Photo: Cliff Owen, Associated Press Photo: Cliff Owen, Associated Press Image 1 of / 49 Caption Close Sen. Harris' 1st bill seeks legal counsel for refugees 1 / 49 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON — California Sen. Kamala Harris will introduce their first bill in the Senate on Thursday to guarantee legal counsel for refugees and other travelers blocked at U.S. ports of entry, a bill intended to address the chaos that engulfed people trying to enter the country in the face of President Trump's travel ban.
Trump's Jan. 27 executive order banned U.S. entry for 90 days for anyone from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria or Yemen. It also placed a 120-day ban on all U.S. admission of refugees who are fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries and indefinitely suspended admission of refugees from Syria.
Several courts have blocked it and the order is currently under review by a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. Any ruling is expected to be appealed to the Supreme Court.
Harris, a Democrat elected in November after serving as the state's attorney general, quickly took a high-profile stand against the ban. They joined a protest at the White House on the Sunday after it took effect, as thousands of protesters converged on San Francisco International Airport and other major ports of entry in opposition to the ban.
They also sent a letter that Sunday to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly demanding that border officials carry out court orders that blocked the ban, after hearing from attorneys in California and other states that legal permanent residents and travelers holding valid visas were still being denied entry into the country or were being delayed. The administration later clarified that the ban did not apply to permanent legal residents or U.S. passport holders.
RELATED VIDEO: Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch calls Trump attacks on judges 'demoralizing'
Harris' office said the senator received numerous reports of “refugees, green-card holders and even U.S. citizens — many of whom were women, elderly, or children — held for long periods of time, and denied access to volunteer lawyers” when the ban was imposed.
Harris'Access to Legal Counsel Act is being co-sponsored by six Democrats: Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Cory Booker of New Jersey, Tom Carper of Delaware, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, and Ed Markey and Elizabeth Warren, both of Massachusetts.
A number of civil rights and immigrant rights groups, including the National Council of La Raza and the National Immigrant Justice Center, support the legislation.
The bill faces a steep uphill climb with Republicans holding the Senate majority.
Carolyn Lochhead is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent. Email: clochhead@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @carolynlochhead
The O'Cello is a 3D-printable cello developed by Conor O'Kane, which is free to download and print for personal use.
All the components for an O'Cello can be printed on a 20cm print bed.
Inspired by the design of the F-F-Fiddle, the O'Cello incorporates a 12mm diameter steel rod running through all six major parts to provide rigidity.
Parts list
The following parts are needed to build an O'Cello:
M5x45mm socket head cap screws: 7
M5x30mm socket head cap screws: 2
M5 nuts: 9
M5 washers: 12
12mm diameter steel rod, 1m length: 1
10mm diameter aluminium tube, 45cm length: 1
Aluminium L-bar, 20x20x2mm, 30cm length: 1
Cello strings: 4 – (1 of each C, G, D and A string)
Bass guitar tuning keys: 4 – (2 left and 2 right)
25mm screw plugs
About half of a 1Kg spool of 3D printer filament. The O'Cello pictured here is made with PLA, but ABS should work fine.
Recommended sources for many of these parts can be found in the complete Assembly Instructions PDF.
The O'Cello does not need sanding or painting after printing. It is ready-to-play once printed and assembled.
Thanks to Dan Michitsch for their invaluable input on the design of the knee and chest rest parts. You can find their original design for these accessories here: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1833270
Check out their performance on the O'Cello here...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSVwg5sikZ4
The O'Cello is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License which means you are free to share and modify it for non-commercial use.
Update: November 23rd, 2016 - New version - This updated version now includes chest and knee rests for supporting the O'Cello while playing, and an adjustable end-pin. This is no longer a prototype, it is now ready for anyone to print and play.
Update: July 10th, 2017 - Improvement to part 6 - Some people have found it difficult to get the tuning keys to attach because the walls of part 6 were too thick. I've narrowed these walls slightly to make it easier to screw in the tuning keys.
Update: May 8th, 2018 - Original files - To make remixing the O'Cello easier I'm releasing the STL files for the major parts in their original orientations and positions. The STL files included in the download above are rotated so that they have a flat edge on the build plate, which is perfect for 3D printing but this makes them harder to modify. Download this zip file to get the parts in their original orientations and positions if you're interested in making your own remixes.
Remix Highlights
Half-inch bar and folding parts by Moe Tsao
Can't find metric measurement bars? This remix uses a half-inch bar and includes folding back and knee rests for compact storage.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2759753
―――――――――――――――――――――
Traditional scroll top by Will Newton
Try this top if you want a more traditional looking O'Cello.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2672095
―――――――――――――――――――――
Printed O' by Daddie-O
Print an O' for the front cover in any color your like using this clever remix.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2427716
We saw a hockey fight end with a high-five and hug earlier this month, but this brawl from the Federal Hockey League is much better.
Matt Puntureri of the Danville Dashers and Jesse Felton of the Dayton Demonz—yes, with a "Z"—dropped gloves and helmets immediately after a faceoff in the third period of Friday's game, circling each other and getting the crowd ready to watch a fight. Just as the two got close enough to trade blows, they hugged instead. Aw! Puntureri then pulled a beer out of their pads, cracked it open and took a swig, toasting the crowd as they skated around the ice with Felten.
The FHL is technically a professional league and not the Harlem Globetrotters, so some people weren't as amused by the fake fight, such as the fan who threw a water bottle onto the ice, or the tipster who sent this in, angry that this happened in a game that affected playoff seeding. One could argue that with a 4-0 score halfway through the third period and Dayton outshooting Danville 46-31, the match was rather one-sided, and it wasn't like anyone suffered any consequences outside of Felten and Puntureri.
Actually, the two pacifists didn't even suffer any consequences. According to the box score, neither received a penalty for fighting nor instigating.
Advertisement
H/t to Tom
As more millennials look to buy their first homes, many are finding themselves priced out of the market. We've all heard the term “millennial” but what does it mean? Millennials typically refers to those who reach adulthood in the new millennium. By most accounts, they include those born between the early 1980s and the late 1990s, and many are children of baby boomers.
As more millennials plan to have children, their housing needs will change. ( Dreamstime )
They are a fast-growing segment of the population and one that's becoming increasingly important when it comes to housing. A recent study by Ryerson University estimated that the millennial population in the GTA grew by an average of 43,000 people each year between 2011 and 2014. Every year more millennials are having children, causing a shift in their housing wants and needs since most don't want to raise their families in highrise condominiums. A survey by the Toronto Real Estate Board earlier this year found that 75 per cent of millennials intends to purchase a lowrise home in the GTA, preferably a single-family detached one. Unfortunately in today's GTA housing market, that is going to be a challenge. While demand for those homes may be increasing, there are not as many of them being built. We, the GTA homebuilding and land development industry, are following provincial growth policy and are building significantly fewer lowrise homes, especially single family detached homes, than a decade ago.
Article Continued Below
At the beginning of this millennium, nearly 70 per cent of the new homes that we sold in the GTA were ground-related homes. Today, less than half of the new homes that we sell are single detached, semis and townhomes. So far this year, lowrise homes have accounted for just over 40 per cent of the GTA's 34,736 new home sales according to Altus Group, our official source for new home market intelligence. There are fewer sales because there are fewer homes available. Over the past 10 years we have had a significant decline in the number of lowrise homes available for purchase in builders' inventories. At the end of September, there were only 1,604 lowrise homes available in the GTA. That is one-tenth of the 16,560 homes that were available to buyers just 10 years ago, in June, 2006. Demand for lowrise homes, however has not gone down and prices have gone up — and continue to go up each month. In September, the average price of a new lowrise home in the GTA was $992,231, which was $60,000 more than the average in August. The price for a new single family detached home climbed to $1,194,771. Those prices are well beyond the reach of most millennials, many of whom are first-time buyers and still working to establish their careers. For a growing number of millennials, condominiums are the only option for owning a home. The industry has responded and condo developments are now featuring an increasing amount of larger suites and amenities geared toward families.
Average condo sizes in the GTA are increasing and so are the prices. For much of the last decade, condo prices remained stable because unit sizes kept getting smaller. Now that suites' sizes are growing, we are seeing marked increases in condo prices. In September, the average price of highrise homes in the GTA hit a record high of $486,605. If we want our communities to be home to millennials we need to address our housing supply shortage. It's time to work together and find a solutions-oriented approach to improving housing supply and affordability in the GTA. I say this as both an industry professional and a father of millennial children. Bryan Tuckey is president and CEO of the Building Industry and Land Development Association (BILD) and is a land-use planner who has worked for municipal, regional and provincial governments. Find them at twitter.com/bildgta , facebook.com/bildgta and bildblogs.ca.
There are some amazing strains you have never heard of that you can't get in (insert wherever place you're from that still has nothing but illegal drug dealers), so if you're coming to Colorado wanting to score some legal weed then I urge you, as a professional budtender, to get out of your comfort zone. If you're going to come to Denver to get some of the world's best strains of marijuana, you might as well get something awesome and not just stick with Diesel because it's what you're used to smoking in (insert wherever place you're from that still has nothing but illegal drug dealers).
To be completely fair, almost all of the customers I've seen in the last several days of legal marijuana sales have been totally stoked about the entire recreational process and have really been very open to new information and recommendations. Working in any kind of retail situation, it is really funny how stuck in their ways some repeat customers can be. For those medical patients who had a specific strain that worked for a particular thing, I could totally understand staying with the same stuff. For most recreational customers, however, I say variety is the spice of life, so I say try new things all the time!
I will say that I have seen a fair amount of people come in and ask for edibles or a CBD strain for an elderly relative, which shows how many people from other states would probably at least attempt to get a medical marijuana card if their home state offered a medical marijuana program. Many people are specific about what kind of effect they're looking for, and plenty of recreational customers have been asking for strains that are good for sleep and pain relief; the other most commonly sought feeling seems to be “up and awake but still high.”
Here are some of my favorite strains that can currently be found in Denver legal marijuana shops:
-Grape Stomper- super heavy, very kiefy sativa strain with a crazy high THC level (usually 20% and above)
-Golden Goat– a completely unique smelling sativa dominant with a sweet taste and great high for enjoying all the other things that make Colorado awesome other than legal weed.
–Sage n Sour- If you absolutely have your heart on something Sour Diesel, I like many crosses that are more interesting than Diesel (I'm not trying to knock the always popular Sour Diesel, but there are just so many other tastier strains!). One of my favorites is Sage n Sour, a cross with S.A.G.E, an amazing hybrid that stands for “Sativa Afgani Genetic Equilibrium“; legend has it that it was an attempt to create the first true hybrid 50% sativa, 50% indica strain. So cross that with a strong sativa and you've got something special for sure.
-Critical Mass– a fruity tasting high CBD strain that is great for pain relief. Though lower in THC and great for a relaxing effect without too much of a psychoactive effect, the very high CBDs still pack a punch that will leave you locked to the couch for several hours.
-Presidential Kush- a sativa dominant cross with OG Kush, this is just not to be missed if you can find it. Truly one of Colorado's most unique and pleasing strains for overall effect, taste, smell, and bud density.
As with many things here on Weedist, this is just my opinion. Has anyone else out there picked up any great strains in the last week from Colorado marijuana stores? Let the rest of the world know in the comment section!!
Big rig wreck shuts down West Loop southbound
A crash involving two big rigs shut down the southbound lanes of the West Loop, Aug. 20, 2014. (Houston Transtar) A crash involving two big rigs shut down the southbound lanes of the West Loop, Aug. 20, 2014. (Houston Transtar) Photo: Houston Transtar Photo: Houston Transtar Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Big rig wreck shuts down West Loop southbound 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Portions of the 610 Loop were temporarily blocked Wednesday afternoon after two big rigs reportedly collided in southwest Houston, snarling traffic for miles.
The crash happened about 12:40 p.m. on the southtbound West Loop near Bellaire, according to Houston TranStar. Lanes reopened hours later, at about 4:22 p.m.
Officials said one of the trucks lost a load of concrete. The other 18-wheeler was hauling what appeared to be a mobile home.
No information was available about possible injuries or what caused the crash.
The wreck forced officials to shutdown the southbound freeway while crews cleared the scene. Traffic was backed up for miles.
OK, this is fairly amazing. I've written often about sadomonetarism among central bankers — the evident urge to find some reason, any reason, to raise interest rates despite high unemployment and low inflation. The most influential hive of this kind of thinking is the Bank for International Settlements, which for some reason commands great respect even though it offers an ever-changing rationale — inflation! Any day now! Or maybe not! Financial stability! — for its never-changing advocacy of tight money. But the place where policymakers most dramatically gave in to this urge is Sweden, where the majority at the Riksbank decided to indulge its rate-hike vice while freezing out one of the world's leading experts on deflation risks, my friend and former colleague Lars Svensson.
Well, guess what: Lars has been proved so dramatically right by events — raising rates didn't curb rising debt, but it did push Sweden into deflation — that the Riksbank has done an abrupt U-turn, slashing rates (and overruling the governor and first deputy governor).
Actually, the drama of this U-turn may be a very good thing, since it might convince investors that this is a real regime change.
As David Horrowitz said, “Worse yet, this is the dominant culture in our universities, in our media, in our judiciary, in government, in unions, and in the shadow political universe of non-profits, with billions of tax-free dollars at their disposal.”
Cultural Marxist academics, their sycophant students, and the main stream media are at war with America—a war of violent Marxist ideology and a war of cleverly chosen words and euphemisms that appear time and time again in many college courses, high school classes, in propaganda literature, newspapers, conferences, and in the manufactured news. Cultural Marxists are regular guests on all the alphabet soup networks masquerading as real news, spewing their hatred, their disdain and disrespect for our President, and their calls to renewed violence in the streets through their masked Black Shirts.
Academic writing is resplendent with “pretentious diction” and “meaningless words.” According to Orwell, “In certain kinds of writing, particularly in art criticism and literary criticism, it is normal to come across long passages which are almost completely lacking in meaning.”
Orwell pointed out that “the great enemy of clear language is insincerity.” The less sincere the speaker or writer is, particularly politicians and journalists, the more they “disguise their intentions behind euphemisms and convoluted phrasing.”
Taking private property from farmers and other owners is thus called “ transfer of population ” or “ rectification of frontiers .” The process of sending people to gulags to die becomes “ elimination of unreliable elements .” “ Pacification ” attempted to defend the indefensible acts of bombing and driving out locals from their ancestral lands and giving the land to a population protected by the intentions of the elites.
George Orwell wrote an essay in 1946, “Politics and the English Language,” focusing on language which “is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.” Such language, often vague and meaningless, concealed the oppressive ideology.
In any kind of ideological and political war, the first victim is truth, replaced with lies, dressed cleverly by rhetoric, obfuscation, and intentional debasement of language.
Language is a powerful tool of discourse, mass political indoctrination and agitation. Marxist Democrats are quite adept at using inflammatory language and deceptive euphemisms to suit their nefarious political ends.
If we want to uphold law and order, our borders, language, and culture, we are “ bigoted .” The meaning of “ bigoted ” has been stretched and bastardized to now mean pretty much anything the left wants it to mean. Yet it seems that leftists are truly intolerant toward those holding different opinions. They often turn their intolerance into violence, silencing the opposition and their right to free speech especially in the bastions of liberal academia around the country.
“ Our core values ” is Democrat double-speak for demographic and cultural suicide. We allow every unvetted flotsam and jetsam from around the world into our country, disregarding the interests of the American public, their safety, health, and well-being under the guise of “ that is not who we are as a nation. ” The Democrat Party and the leftist agenda are now making the decision of who we are as a nation and as people, without bothering to consult the rest of America.
“ Undocumented worker ” is an obvious mischaracterization of illegal aliens who are invading our country with the approval of corporatist elites in both Democrat and Republican parties. These individuals do have documents from their countries of origin and have broken the law by crossing our borders illegally. Not only are they not repatriated, they are given equal rights with Americans so that corrupt politicians can stay in power in Democrat states like California. These people become illegal voters even though they do not speak the language, do not understand our laws, our Constitution, and do not care that they are helping transform our country into the hellhole they've fled. So long as they get undeserved welfare and Social Security benefits, they will vote Democrat in perpetuity.
Analyzing some of the euphemisms conceived by today's progressives, and I only scratched the surface, we realize that Orwell's words from sixty years ago are still true.
Concurrent with “Politics and the English Language,” Orwell published “The Prevention of Literature.” The two essays reflect their alarm over the victimization of truth in the distorted use of language. Orwell pointed out the “deliberate use of misleading double-talk language among those they identified as pro-Soviet.” They predicted the type of literature under a future totalitarian society—“formulaic and low grade sensationalism.”
If you disagree with any goals of the leftist agenda, you are racist
Additionally, if you disagree with any goals of the leftist agenda, you are “racist.” The real meaning of “racism” as described in the Merriam-Webster dictionary, “a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities, and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race,” has been lost in the leftist double-talk.
If you want legal immigration and national borders, safe from criminals, gangs, disease, and jihadi intrusions, you are a “xenophobe.” All foreign-born individuals who are now proud American citizens and prefer that immigrants follow the rule of law just like they did, are accused of xenophobia, “undue fear of what is foreign and especially of people of foreign origin.”
If you condemn militant jihad, hijra, and Islamic violence, you are an “Islamophobe.” That word silences the opposition so that the liberal goal of unrestricted Islamic invasion continues.
Liberals call themselves “progressives” even though their goals have nothing to do with progress but with regression to a totalitarian and oppressive communist society which has failed everywhere it has been tried. Liberals are repackaging the Bolshevik effort t by saying that communism was not implemented the right way.
“Liberalism” does not really represent the meaning of the Latin word, “liber” (free). Liberalism is disguised incremental socialism that will eventually lead to global communism. “The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism. But under the name of “liberalism” they will adopt every fragment of the socialist program, until one day America will be a socialist nation, without knowing how it happened.”
People accept the word “global citizen” without ever asking themselves what it entails. A “global citizen” is an individual who lives in a country that is no longer a state; it has no borders, no sovereignty, no national identity, no passport, and no national history. Yet most schools and colleges advertise that their students have been brainwashed and prepared for global citizenship.
On campuses around the country, “snowflakes” are cowering and hiding in their “safe spaces” in fear of reality that contradicts what they've been told and taught since they were born and led across a stage and given participation trophies.
The word “inhumane” (without compassion for misery or suffering; cruel) has been trivialized to excuse any breaking of the law without punishment and repercussions. In the mentally disordered liberal brain, suffering the consequences of bad choices, decisions, and subsequent criminality has become cruel and “inhumane.”
The word “diversity” is no longer used as being diverse and different; it is now a liberal code word for perversity which must be acknowledged by the other side, encoded into law, and enforced by the courts.
Homosexuality hides behind the word “gay” which previously meant “happy.” Different types of deviance are disguised behind the words “cross-dressers.” “Gender fluidity” can be interpreted as any sexual anomaly and psychological confusion—anything flows.
“Multiculturalism” is the code word for the Cultural Marxism agenda and the transformation of your country into a tower of Babel of illegal immigrants who have no intention of assimilating or accepting the invaded culture, its laws, its history, and its language. It is considered “inhumane” to force such illegal aliens to assimilate and contribute to society in a meaningful way.
Liberals force their ideas, plans, and global agenda on the rest of us in the name of “civil society.” This represents the globalist elites backed by power, influence, and money to socially engineer our lives any way they wish because they know best what is good for billions of people around the globe and the faux science backing them “has been settled.”
The laws and cries of “equal opportunity” coming from various special interest groups are not really asking for “equality,” they are asking for preferential treatment. And “social justice” is not asking for justice, it is asking for government sanctioned stealing, taking private property and money from those who worked for it and earned it, and giving it to those who did not earn it and are not entitled to it.
Liberalism is not really freedom; it thrives on divisiveness, separation, and inequality
Social Security is not an “entitlement,” it is money that people have earned and contributed into a fund for decades in order to provide them with income in retirement. It is theft when Social Security money is given to illegal aliens as soon as they set foot on our soil.
Liberals created special and protected categories for some races and ethnic groups such as calling Hispanic women “Latinas.” To my knowledge, Latium was a region in the former Roman Empire, thus those people could be called Latinas and Latini. Black people are now “African Americans” even though most of them have never set foot in Africa nor were they born there. Caucasians don't call themselves European Americans. There are Africans who are American citizens and have every right to call themselves African Americans, including Caucasians from South Africa. These special categories are not necessary; they are divisive and counterproductive, treating the special group as a group that cannot survive without the force of government.
It seems that liberalism is not really freedom; it thrives on divisiveness, separation, and inequality. They use deceptive language, euphemisms, and lies to implement their goals and policies in the name of “democracy” even though we are not a democracy, we are a constitutional republic. But liberals count on their blind followers to be ignorant of history and civics.
Community Services Minister Kelly Regan will introduce legislation in September that will give domestic violence victims the right to take time off work.
Regan confirmed the plan, which the Liberals first mentioned during the spring election campaign, during an interview on Wednesday.
The details of the plan won't be released until the legislation is put forth.
The law would follow a recent contract agreement by employees at the Nova Scotia Elizabeth Fry Society that offered staff there a similar provision.
A similar proposal has been suggested in other provinces. The paid days off would give employees a chance to get psychological help, obtain support from victim services organizations, move away from their abuser, get medical attention, or seek out legal or law enforcement assistance.
Regan inherited the community services portfolio in June when Premier Stephen McNeil announced their new cabinet. They take over from Joanne Bernard, who was defeated in the spring election.
Transformation plan continues
While the department may have a new minister, Regan said they would be continuing with Bernard's efforts to transform the department and its services, an effort focusing on reforming child welfare, income assistance and employment support programs, and services for people with disabilities.
"We have a good idea where we're going and we're going to continue with that," said Regan.
Another area where Regan will not differ from Bernard is on minimum wage. Bernard was firm during their time in office that simply raising the minimum wage wouldn't be enough to bring about the necessary change to fight poverty.
Kelly Regan was named community services minister in June. (CBC)
Regan, who during their time as labour minister oversaw minimum wage increases, said there are many ways to combat low incomes and minimum wage is just one of them.
The Liberal campaign platform touted a different route than the $15 per hour minimum wage proposed by the NDP, one that includes increases to the basic personal exemption, introducing a standard household rate for income assistance and the ability for people on income assistance to keep more money that they earn while working before being penalized.
All of this is happening at a time when the province is seeing increases in food bank use and alarming child poverty numbers.
Committed to change
Regan said making the changes the department needs is a balance of having solid plans and consultation in place before making those changes. Sometimes not everyone is happy with the changes, but Regan said the government will see it through.
"We are committed to making the lives of Nova Scotians better," they said.
"We will be doing this deliberately. We will not be rushing it, nor will we be delaying it. We want to make sure we do the right things at the right times to tackle this insidious problem [of poverty]."
For the last week I have been fasting in solidarity with the men on hunger strike in the US prison at Guantánamo Bay, forgoing all food and taking only liquids. I began day one thinking about a book I had recently read: former detainee Ahmed Errachidi's The General. Errachidi had worked as a chef in London for 18 years but was sold for a bounty to US forces after they travelled to Pakistan. They were finally released from the prison in 2007, but not before they had been held in isolation for three years and tortured relentlessly. The book describes their five and a half years in Guantánamo, being abused along with their fellow detainees.
Reading about theirs being delivered into the hands of sadists who inflicted punishment day after day and told them their case would never come to trial, you can begin to understand why the hunger strikers in Guantánamo feel they have no other recourse. I thought about what it would take to endure a real, long-term hunger strike with all the pain – physical and emotional – involved. How hard it must be when you have no idea how long your strike must last – an indefinite fast – just to secure some basic justice.
I embarked on this project because I hope it will make some small contribution to Reprieve's StandFast campaign to raise awareness of the Guantánamo hunger strikers, and make people realise the basic facts of what is going on there. More than half of those held have been cleared for release by the US government yet remain in prison due to a lack of will by that same government.
It is unfathomable that the US authorities refuse to release prisoners who have been cleared of any charges and who have countries that will admit them at once. Take Shaker Aamer, one of the prisoners on hunger strike.  They are a British resident who has a British wife and four British children, the youngest of whom they have never met.
Aamer's family have waited day after day, year after year, hoping that they will one day return to them. The British government has said that it wants them back in Britain, and David Cameron has raised their case with President Obama – yet Aamer still languishes in Guantánamo.
Luckily for us they write regularly from there, and recently gave their advice to hunger strikers. They have protested their indefinite detention in this way so often that they are now something of an expert.
It was by the fifth day that I realised how many scenes of people eating there were on television. I was obsessed by the longing for taste. This is what we often hear from Reprieve's hunger-striking clients. Younous Chekkouri has told their lawyers about the vivid dreams they have had since they began their hunger strike, of mountains of their favourite foods, not tasted since incarceration began.
I have the luxury of knowing that I will finish my fast soon, and of not being shackled to a chair so that tubes can be shoved into my nose and throat and a nutritional supplement pumped into my stomach to feed me against my will. The men in Guantánamo have to go on and on and on until Obama starts doing what they could have done months, indeed years ago – sent the cleared men home. Until that happens, they continue to hunger strike. Their strength of will is staggering.
On day six I learned from an article in the Nation that the threat of Aamer being forcibly sent to Saudi Arabia has increased. It is deeply shocking. And the campaign becomes more important than ever.
And so, on day seven, my fast is drawing to a close. The difficulty in not eating has been more mental than physical – the endless array of food dishes that dance in your mind so persistently. Now it's almost time to eat I feel I shouldn't: the job is not done, justice is not done. They are still inside. I feel a sense of betrayal that we carry on with our normal lives while these men are still suffering. I can only hope that Reprieve's efforts serve to disrupt the normalisation of the inhuman treatment the hunger strikers are undergoing. Best wishes to whoever among you might decide to pick up the baton.
compensation
Bethesda pays better than Silicon Valley
Silicon Valley may have better weather, idealistic start-ups and billion-dollar tech companies, but when it comes to better pay for scientists and engineers, Bethesda is winning, a new report says.
The Bethesda-Rockville-Frederick area features higher average pay for those who work in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, according to a ranking by personal finance Web site SmartAsset released last week. The average pay here is $100,787, which is $463 higher than second-place San Francisco.
Rounding out the top three is Washington, ahead of Bay Area cities Oakland and San Jose.
The study, which analyzed data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, also found that those with math and engineering degrees earn more than traditional programmers and software professionals.
In the nation's capital, government offices including the National Institutes of Health and contractors such as Lockheed Martin — both of which are located in Bethesda — contributed to the region's top ranking. The top three jobs in terms of pay were nuclear engineer ($140,920 per year), physicist ($136,770) and mathematician ($133,580).
—Amrita Jayakumar
Appointments
White House names chief data scientist
Silicon Valley veteran DJ Patil was named the White House's first chief data scientist last week. Patil will help shape policies and foster partnerships to help the United States remain a leader in technology and help recruit the best minds in data science, the White House said.
A former faculty member and doctoral student at the University of Maryland, Patil has worked at LinkedIn, Skype, PayPal, eBay and the Pentagon. Most recently, they were an executive at California data intelligence company RelateIQ.
—Amrita Jayakumar
When a former Stanford student was sentenced last week to six months of jail and probation for three counts of sexually assaulting a woman while they were unconscious, many were enraged by what they saw as an astonishingly light sentence.
Then came news of a courtroom statement from the former student's father, who decried, among other things, their son's loss of appetite following their arrest on Jan. 18, 2015.
"I was always excited to buy them a big ribeye steak to grill or get their favorite snack for him." Dan Turner, Brock Turner's father, said in a statement in court. "I had to make sure to hide my favorite pretzels or chips because I knew they wouldn't be around long after Brock walked in from a long swim practice. Now they barely consume any food and eats only to exist."
In response, one Twitter user, Ali Ozeri, went so far as to fix the statement in what is so far their only tweet, a response to what they and others saw as a tone-deaf defense of their son's crimes.
Here, I fixed their letter (changes in bold)... pic.twitter.com/qsa8TZWsPJ — Ali Ozeri (@alexandraozeri) June 6, 2016
The original statement starts out with this line: "Brock's life has been deeply altered forever by the events of Jan 17th and 18th."
But Ozeri's version highlights the crimes of which Brock Turner was convicted.
"Brock's life has been deeply altered forever by the events (raping an unconscious woman) of Jan 17th and 18th."
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
A disused mine in Wales, with a huge pile of motor vehicles that have been dumped through a small opening, making an amazing reflection in the underground lake below.
Visited July 2014 Gwynedd / Ceredigion, Wales, UK Forgotten
The Cavern of the Lost Souls is a disused mine in the Ceredigion / Gwynedd area of Wales that holds a relic of the past. The once-bustling mine now lies silent and flooded, the workers long gone following the decline of the mining industry a few decades ago. Time has begun to take its toll on the excavation, the entrance shaft now a couple of feet deep in water, and the old pathways carved out of the near-shear rock face now crumbling under foot.
A small opening above the main cavern casts a single beam of light into the enormous space. Below, illuminated by the shard of sunlight a huge pile of motor vehicles looms out of the darkness. The cavern had, for a while, been used as a dumping ground by the local council. Old cars, refrigerators, old TV's and other household items have been tipped through the small entrance, piling up below, towering out of the water – and producing an amazing reflection.
Entry was one of the most fun to date…. After making our way through the flooded passageway the route opened out into a cavern with a 100ft drop below. We made our decent down the crumbling rock face, an interesting free-climb, followed by a crawl through another passageway to the main cavern. The tower of cars greeted us across a large lake, the clear water glistening in our torchlight.
Bismack Biyombo could be hanging out in Hollywood, putting their large feet in Caribbean sand or enjoying the nightlife of Miami Beach now that their NBA season is over. Instead, the Orlando Magic big man is in the Middle East, where they are spending time with children in refugee camps in Jordan and talking hoops in Palestine through the Right To Play program.
“What can I do? How can I help these kids? There are kids in that area who have never had a chance to talk to an NBA player. It always excites me to hear from them to learn what they dream about. I also want to be a good global athlete, not just an athlete who wears a jersey and gets out there and plays basketball and then retires,” Biyombo, 24, told The Undefeated.
Right To Play is a global organization committed to improving the lives of children and youth affected by conflict, disease and poverty. The program was established in 2000 with a play-based approach to learning and development with a focus on education, life skills, health, gender equality, child protection and building peaceful communities. Right To Play is operating in 20 countries with a goal of aiding 1 million children each week inside and outside of the classroom.
Right To Play named Biyombo as a global athlete ambassador on April 22.  They are visiting Jordan and Palestine this week through the program along with Roy Rana, who coaches the Canadian junior national men's basketball team and also coaches the Nike Hoop Summit World Team.
Biyombo's trip began Monday, and their schedule includes:
• A play day at Baqa'a camp, which is one of six “emergency” camps set up in 1968 to accommodate Palestinian refugees and displaced people who left the West Bank and Gaza Strip after the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
• Participating in a Learning for the Empowerment and Advancement of Palestinians (LEAP) workshop in Zarqa, Jordan. LEAP is an educational empowerment program for Palestinian refugee youth dedicated to nurturing the intellectual growth and creative curiosity of students.
• Participating in the Taalom Project in Hashmi-Amman, Jordan, which is a program improving the quality of and access to pre-primary and elementary education for 27,000 children ages 3 to 18.
• Meeting with the Embassy of Canada in Jordan and also playing basketball with a youth club there.
• Visiting a refugee camp and public school in Jordan.
• Meeting with the Palestinian Basketball Federation and possibly the Palestinian Ministry of Education.
“Bismack Biyombo is a world-class athlete and basketball player and a humanitarian who has dedicated their time and money to supporting children from around the world to overcome the challenges of conflict, poverty and disease,” Right To Play CEO Kevin Frey told The Undefeated. “We are excited to have Bismack as part of the Right To Play team and to introduce them to our work where we use different forms of play, including sport, to protect, educate and empower children and youth. This trip to the Middle East will allow Bismack to experience the transformational power of play in the lives of refugee children who have lost their homes, their schools and so much of their lives to conflict and violence.
“Our programs are helping these children to get back into school, heal from the trauma of war and displacement and to integrate into their host communities. I am sure that Bismack will both be inspired and inspire the children and youth that they meet to keep believing that they can realize their dreams.”
Asked whether they feared what they will see on the trip, Biyombo said, “Absolutely not. I'm a different kind of guy when it comes down to that. There is an area in Eastern Congo where I'm building my school. A lot of people say, ‘It's dangerous. Don't go there.' But if I don't go there, who is going to go there? Finally, when I went there for the first time I had a really great time …
“I'm always excited about all these things. I know there might be some areas that are a little dangerous, as some people say. But it's also an opportunity to do something different for these people in need.”
Biyombo is visiting the Middle East for the first time since living there before coming to the NBA.
Bismack Biyombo Sumba was born on Aug. 28, 1992, in Lubumbashi, a copper mining city of about 1.5 million people in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Their parents struggled to find work and gave them the bare necessities as a child. Biyombo was recruited to play basketball professionally in Qatar at age 16 but never made it, as they were temporarily jailed in Tanzania because of a lack of proper documentation.
Biyombo's next stop, for nearly eight months, was Yemen, where they played for a local basketball team. After playing well for a Yemeni team in a youth tournament in Jordan, they landed a job in Spain from 2009-11. The Sacramento Kings selected them in the 2011 NBA draft after their strong showing in the Nike Hoop Summit. Their rights were dealt to the then-Charlotte Hornets. The 6-foot-9, 229-pounder has played for the Hornets, Toronto Raptors and Magic, but they will never forget that their basketball career started in the Middle East.
“I'm pretty excited, because it's the first time I'm going back to that area since I left,” Biyombo said. “I'm also going back for a good cause other than playing basketball. I think more about the good than the bad. When I got there, I was just a young kid trying to find their way in their life. Obviously, the people I got to meet there treated me extremely well.
“I got to learn their culture and how they lived. If it wasn't for that, I don't think I'd be here. It gave me the opportunity to go to Spain. … Not having my family around me was probably the [tough] thing. But it wasn't all bad because I grew faster and had to make decisions. I'm really excited about coming back to Jordan.”
Biyombo said after signing a four-year, $70 million contract with the Magic last summer that they plan to continue donating money to build schools in the Congo and aid in other ways. They also are expected to make their annual visit home in July before playing for Team Africa against Team World in the second NBA Africa Game on Aug. 5 in Johannesburg.
While the Congo native is a proud African, they believe they must give back to the world.
“When I retire, I want to say I played basketball and I was proud to do this on the court, but I'm mostly proud about doing things off the court impacting lives, not just where I'm from, but in different entities where it is needed,” Biyombo said. “We kind of get lost because some people want to just go back to where they are from and help. I always believe we are all connected, and I want to connect with as many people as I can. Only the Lord knows how many people I will be able to reach when I finish playing basketball.”
It sounds like a surefire winner - buy plots of cheap land overseas and get your money back, plus a tidy profit once they are sold off to developers.
Or this one: Buy agarwood trees that would eventually be harvested for their valuable timber and oud oil that is used in fragrances and spas.
Yet another is a so-called oil bunkering scheme that probably had nothing to do with oil. It was sold as a financing arrangement with promises of high, regular payouts and capital back after a specified period that could be as short as eight months.
And in another investment scheme that turned sour, retail investors were persuaded to park their hard-earned savings with financial experts who would trade stocks or forex on their behalf.
Besides the above, several firms, including Genneva Gold, Gold Guarantee, Profitable Plots and Sunshine Empire, have surfaced in recent years at the shady end of the Singapore financial service sector.
ST ILLUSTRATION: MIEL
All these schemes were offered with low initial investment sums and attractive returns over short periods.
But big losses can also come with the territory, as many Singaporeans can attest.
It is vital to recognise that financial losses affect us differently. This can be attributed to our emotional make-up, the resources at hand to make money again and how deep our pockets are. While some are able to withstand great volatility and still sleep well at night, others are risk-averse.
The uncertainty and high risks of such schemes seem obvious, yet many here come a cropper when their investments in these schemes turn sour.
The increasing number of retail investors caught out and the millions of dollars lost have caught the attention of the authorities.
A "Beware! Investment Scams" programme organised by MoneySense and the Securities Investors Association Singapore was launched last month to alert investors about the pitfalls of too-good-to-be-true schemes.
The authorities in the United States, Canada and other jurisdictions have also warned of the risks involved in fraudulent binary option trading, reflecting a growing worldwide problem.
In a nutshell, a binary option is a type of option contract that references an underlying instrument such as shares and currencies, where the payout will depend entirely on the outcome of a "yes or no" (binary) proposition.
When the binary option expires, you will receive a predetermined cash payout if you have predicted correctly. If not, you lose your entire investment.
Several victims of these schemes told The Sunday Times that they got greedy in their hunt for yield amid a period of low interest rates.
As their stories below attest, the scams - and the related dangers - come in all shapes but there are common elements as well.
One ruse, as investors have found out the painful way, is to ensure that those who got into a scheme early broke even in a short period of time, so as to encourage them to pile in more money in a bid to earn bigger returns.
Such investment scams are usually managed by people who hold meetings in posh offices and hotels, which boosts their public image and lend credence to their products.
Some investments appear to provide some form of insurance, which investors wrongly believed could protect their capital.
Many of these investors then invited family members and friends to participate, partly because there are commissions to be earned when they refer fresh candidates and partly because they truly believed the schemes were bona fide.
UNDERSTANDING YOUR RISK PROFILE
We all hate to make a loss and the feeling is worse if you had been duped into a scam.
It is vital to recognise that financial losses affect us differently. This can be attributed to our emotional make-up, the resources at hand to make money again and how deep our pockets are.
And while some are able to withstand great volatility and still sleep well at night, others are risk-averse.
If you are risk-averse, it means that even if the investment loss is small, it can be an emotionally draining experience that may impact your health.
It is prudent to understand your risk profile. So besides analysing the risk-reward reality and conducting due diligence before any investment, ask yourself : Can I take the volatility, can I afford to invest, and, finally, do I need to invest?
One 55-year-old investor who put almost $40,000 into an oil bunkering scheme, expecting 15 per cent monthly returns over eight months, recalled how stressful the experience had been for them In their case, their nightmare began after receiving just two payouts.
When the payouts dried up, dark thoughts consumed their mind and they went through an emotional roller coaster with feelings of anger, rage and depression, and countless sleepless nights. They also despaired as it was a friend who had referred them to the scheme.
They were subsequently diagnosed with Stage 2 breast cancer. After surgery and six weeks of radiotherapy, they counted themselves fortunate that their condition has stabilised and they are on a five-year anti-hormonal pills regime.
INVESTING WITH MONEY YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE
A 45-year-old investor borrowed $400,000 from a credit line as the principal sum for their investment in a scheme. When the scheme collapsed, the monthly interest portion of the debt was a staggering $8,000, which devastated them
Another took a loan from their 25-year endowment insurance plan to fund an investment. If they had not taken the loan against the policy, the potential maturity proceeds would have been about $100,000 when it matured last year.
Instead, their maturity proceeds were just $20,000. This means that the premiums they had saved in their insurance policy for the past 25 years had gone down the drain.
ONCE BITTEN BUT NOT TWICE SHY
The adage "once bitten twice shy" does not hold true for some retail investors. One medical doctor admitted to me that they had lost their money twice to schemes that turned out to be run in a Ponzi-like manner.
In a Ponzi scheme, people are enticed into investing by the promise of high returns. The returns, however, are paid out of funds from new investors entering the scheme. It all goes swimmingly until the flow of funds dries up when the operator is unable to get enough new investors to pay off the older ones, and they flee with the money.
Another investor in their 60s had parked more than $500,000 in binary options but has not been able to withdraw any returns nor their capital.
To make matters worse, they lost more money when they tried to retrieve their money through an overseas agency that claimed to have helped other binary option investors trapped like them
In their bid to recover their retirement savings, they had responded to an individual who claimed to work for an international police agency who linked them up with a hacker.
They forked out $10,000 on the hacking software but nothing has materialised. In addition, they are considering legal help from the US but has been told to pay a high initial fee.
BACK TO BASICS
A former classmate has been encouraging me to sign up for an overseas-based scheme where so-called professional traders will deal in blue-chip US stocks on my behalf. It is not regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
The initial investment sum is US$10,000 (S$14,035) and my friend claimed the trades have made them richer by achieving about 7 per cent monthly net returns.
They also earn commissions by referring investors to the scheme; their parents and siblings have joined.
I declined their invitation to invest.
For me, it's back to the basics of disciplined saving, making prudent investments steadily and preserving my wealth.
I used to get very excited when I heard of investments with potential high returns.
Over the years, I have learnt to protect myself by inculcating a habit of working out the worst-case scenario. I also ask myself before making any investment if I really need to take the risk.
Better safe than sorry.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- From what I've learned, here is what happened between the Indians and Cincinnati in their trade talks for Reds third baseman Todd Frazier.
Here is how the Indians viewed the situation:
1. The Reds started with a request for Danny Salazar. And they stayed on Salazar for at least a month. The Indians had no intention of trading Salazar in a Frazier deal.
2. The issue is Frazier's contract. They will be paid $7.5 million in 2016. In 2017, they are arbitration eligible. That could mean a $12 million deal. If the Indians traded for him, it would be a two-year proposition. Frazier will hit free agency at the age of 32. They turn 30 in February. If Frazier keeps hitting 25-to-30 HR, their price tag will be massive.
3. Salazar can't be a free agent until after the 2020 season. They were 14-10 with a 3.25 ERA. They will be 26 on January 11 and is a very valuable commodity in a sport starving for effective starting pitchers under reasonable contracts.
4. The Reds then wanted closer Cody Allen and some prospects. The idea of adding Frazier is to contend for the playoffs. Trading Salazar or Allen would prevent that. Allen is the team's closer (34-of-38 in saved, 90 percent). They led the Majors with seven saves of more than one inning. The Tribe has no one on the roster to replace them as a closer. The Reds also wanted more than the 27-year-old Allen, who can't be a free agent until 2019.
5. The Indians preferred to trade prospects for Frazier. The Reds wanted to start with Brad Zimmer or Clint Frazier, the Tribe's top two outfield prospects. And then they wanted to dip into the pool of pitchers Mike Clevinger, Justus Sheffield and first baseman Bobby Bradley. They wanted Zimmer or Clint Frazier, along with two others.
6. The Indians were willing to talk about Jose Ramirez (the Reds wanted a middle infielder) and some of those other prospects -- but not Zimmer or Clint Frazier. The Tribe has been looking for outfielders so long, they didn't want to give up their two best outfield prospects for Todd Frazier. That's because Frazier would not likely to be with the team for more than two years.
7. The talks stalled over Zimmer/Clint Frazier. In the end, the Reds made a three-way deal with the Dodgers and the White Sox, with Frazier going to Chicago. The Indians thought Ramirez would be attractive to the Reds.  They are only 23, a career .304 hitter in the minors who can play second base and shortstop.
8. The Reds really wanted second baseman Jose Peraza, a 21-year-old with the Dodgers. They batted .293 (.694 OPS) with 4 HR and 42 RBI in Class AAA last season. The Reds also picked up Class AAA outfielder Scott Schebler (.241, .732 OPS, 13 HR, 50 RBI) and Class AA infielder Brandon Nixon (.249, .647 OPS, 8 HR and 38 RBI). All those prospects came from the Dodgers. The Indians tried to get a three-team deal going for Frazier, but were unable to do so.
ABOUT THE REDS DEAL
Peraza was the key player in the deal for the Reds. They actually are with the Braves at the start of 2014, then was traded to the Dodgers in the middle of the season.
Baseball America's Ben Badler wrote:
"Peraza relies on two tools: hitting and speed. They have a short swing, quick hands and strong wrists, with the hand-eye coordination to put the barrel to the ball at a high rate. They hit to all fields and is adept at going the opposite way. Peraza's double-plus speed makes them a threat to steal 30 or more bases.
"(Peraza) They probably won't hit many home runs. Peraza swings at too many pitches, hurting their on-base percentage. The Braves shifted Peraza from shortstop to second base in 2014. They have above-average range and an average arm, but a funky throwing stroke ... Peraza lacks a high ceiling, but their bat-to-ball skills and wheels should make them a steady player in the middle of the diamond."
ESPN's David Schoenfield wrote:
"(Peraza) has a .302 career average in the minors, but doesn't walk and has no power... They stole 33 bases, but their value is going to rest in their ability to hit for average and defense. He's still very young -- doesn't turn 22 until April -- but I'm not sure the bat is ever going to provide much value at the major league level. The Reds could also move them back to shortstop, where they played earlier in their minor-league career, although the Reds will probably slot them at second.
"Schebler is a 25-year-old left-handed hitter who hit .241/.322/.410 at Oklahoma City... he's a backup outfielder at best. Dixon is a 24-year-old who hit well at Rancho Cucamonga, but everyone hits well there. They struggled after a promotion to Class AA and finished with 144 strikeouts and 28 walks. They didn't rank in MLB.com's top 30 Dodgers prospects. So from the Reds' perspective, Peraza has to develop to make this deal work for them."
ABOUT MIKE NAPOLI AND RAJAI DAVIS
1. Unless something changes, Mike Napoli and Rajai Davis may be the last significant additions to the Tribe in the off-season. They are talking about a few other things, but I have heard they are not major.
2. Napoli is 34 and an above average first baseman. They were one of three finalists for a Gold Glove. Not sure he's that good, based on some fielding ratings. But they are a major upgrade from Carlos Santana at first base. In a fangraphs story praising the Indians for signing Napoli to a one-year, $7 million contract, Matthew Kory wrote: "One of the advantages of signing Napoli is that it removes Santana from first base. Santana is a fine hitter who has the bat and glove for DH, by which I mean that he's a butcher in the field."
3. Not sure about Santana being a "fine hitter" because they are so streaky, though they do have some power. But the point on the defense is true. The Tribe was shocked how Santana regressed at first base after playing at least at the big league average there in 2014. Santana doesn't like being the DH, but their decline in the field has led them to that job.
4. Napoli had a strange season. In 98 games with Boston, they batted .207 (.693 OPS) with 13 HR and 40 RBI. They were traded to Texas, then batted .295 (.908 OPS) with 5 HR and 10 RBI in the final 35 games of the season. Most of the year, they looked done at the age of 33. Then they got hot and teams became interested in the former catcher turned first baseman.
5. Texas let them go because they have Prince Fielder and Mitch Moreland at first. They tried Naopoli in the outfield. Not a good idea.
6. In 2014, Napoli batted .248 (.789 OPS) with 17 HR and 55 RBI for Boston. That probably is the kind of production the Indians can expect from him. They hit 18 HR in 2015. Santana (19 HR) led the Tribe. Then came Michael Brantley (15). So Napoli is a power upgrade, especially as the Indians traded no one to sign him.
7. A big issue will be if the righty batter can hit right-handed pitching. In the last two seasons, they batted .191 (2015) and .230 (2014) vs. righties. He's a .285 hitter vs. lefties in those years.
8. I'm like many Tribe fans hoping the team would have added Todd Frazier or another veteran hitter of that caliber. Perhaps that still will happen. By signing Napoli and Davis, the Indians wanted to have some talent available in case these are the last meaningful moves of the off-season.
9. I've always liked Rajai Davis as an extra outfielder. They can run, play all three positions and they hit lefties (.296 career).  They are 35, but coming off a decent season with Detroit (.258, .746 OPS, 8 HR, 30 RBI). They can still run as they had 11 triples and stole 18 bases.
10. Right now, the Tribe starting outfield (with Brantley recovering from shoulder surgery) is Lonnie Chisenhall in right, Abraham Almonte in center and Davis in left field. The extra outfielders are newly acquired Joey Butler and Collin Cowgill. Prospect Tyler Naquin will be given a shot to make the team. I plan to deal with the outfield in depth next weekend.
ABOUT CHRIS JOHNSON
I give the Indians credit for cutting Chris Johnson. They didn't think they could help them. Rather than try to squeeze something out of the $17.5 million left on their salary for the next two years, they let them go.
Things to know about Chris Johnson:
1. The Tribe had to take Johnson (and their contract) from the Braves in the trade for Nick Swisher and Michael Bourn. This was a combination of two teams wanting to dump bad contracts. The August deal saved the Tribe about $4 million in the long-run, as I wrote when the trade was made.
2. The Indians needed to add $15 million to that deal to make it work for Atlanta. They sent a $7.5 million check at the time of the trade, and they will send the Braves another $7.5 million check at some point in 2016.
3. The Indians saved some money because Bourn and Swisher had $38 million left on their contracts. It gets complicated, but the bottom line was the Indians wanted out ... out from under Bourn and Swisher ... and out from under Johnson, whose bat was very soft with a long, slow swing.
4. In 2013, Johnson batted .321 (.816 OPS) with 12 HR and 68 RBI for the Braves. That led to their big contract. Next came some injuries. They stopped hitting. Their defense was never good at third base, and it deteriorated.
5. Between the Tribe and Braves, Johnson batted .255 (.624 OPS) with 3 HR and 18 RBI in 255 plate appearances. They walked only 10 times. He's 31 and perhaps they can bounce back. In 255 plate appearances with the Braves/Tribe, Johnson had only 11 doubles and 3 HR. Their lack of power and run production combined with being mostly a first baseman/DH made the Tribe doubt they could help them.
6. I appreciate the fact that the front office of Chris Antonetii/Mike Chernoff decided not to keep Johnson on the roster simply because they have to pay him. I'd rather look at Jesus Aguilar than Johnson as an extra first baseman. The 25-year-old Aguilar did lead the Class AAA International League with 93 RBI. They batted .267 (.771 OPS) with 19 HR. They have struggled in brief trials with the Tribe (.192 in 52 at bats), but it's too soon to just write them off.
From 10pm, Friday 30 June the Kingsford Nine Ways roundabout will be replaced with traffic signals, as part of work to prepare for the CBD and South East Light Rail.
The intersection will be upgraded to make way for the Kingsford Light Rail interchange, a new transport hub to provide better connections to bus stops and revitalise the surrounding area.
The removal of the Nine Ways roundabout will also result in a number of traffic changes:
No right turn from Anzac Parade to Rainbow Street
No right turn from Rainbow Street to Anzac Parade
No right turn from Gardeners Road to Anzac Parade
Pedestrian crossings will be maintained and additional signage will be installed to encourage pedestrians to use these designated crossings.
Drivers travelling from the Eastern Beaches to Kingsford are advised to travel along Rainbow Street, turn right on to Avoca Street, turn left on to Barker Street, to Anzac Parade.
Drivers travelling from Gardeners Road to Maroubra are advised to travel east along Gardeners Road, veer right on to Bunnerong Road, then turn left on to Maroubra Road.
Drivers travelling from Maroubra to Coogee are advised to travel north along Anzac Parade, turn right on to Maroubra Road, left on to Malabar Road then continue to Arden Street.
Drivers should take extra care around the changed road conditions, allow extra travel time, take note of the changes to right turn movements and plan your trip ahead of time.
Buses on Anzac Parade will continue as normal during this phase construction. There may be minor impacts to some buses on Gardeners Road that use Nine Ways to access Anzac Parade southbound. Customers and students will be informed of any changes made to minimise impacts to travel times.
For the latest updates and to plan your journey, please visit Live Traffic or call the Traffic Information Line on 132 701.
Bioware has announced that a new patch update for Mass Effect 3 will arrive next week. This new patch will carry fix for various bug and glitch in the game including the irritating character import glitch.
The patch will go live on April 9 for PC and on April 10 for Xbox 360 and PS3. You can check out complete changelog for this upcoming patch below.
Fixed issues when in some cases Shepard's customized facial features from ME1/ME2 may not be properly imported to ME3
Fixed an issue when quickly and repeatedly selecting to Resume a Save could result in Player Level reset and a potential locking of powers.
Fixed an issue when selecting Multiplayer in the Main Menu while under a poor network connection could result in an unresponsive state.
Fixed a potential crash while accessing an in-game terminal from Eden Prime level.
Fixed an issue when attempting to login while Server is down. It would display a Server Down message and accepting the Server Shutdown message would shut down the game.
Fixed a potential memory crash while loading a Quick Save of a custom FemShep.
Fixed an issue when restarting missions and acquiring an above max amount of weapon mods results in displayed debug text on-screen.
Fixed an issue when an unresponsive game state could occur during transition after the Conduit level.
Fixed an issue when DLC game saves can be accessed from an account without DLC if another account on the same computer has access to the related DLC. (PC Only)
Fixed an issue when saves from different accounts on the same computer may become locked if one account has access to DLC which the other account does not. (PC Only)
Fixed an issue when potentially the game could enter unresponsive state when transitioning from the Holding Docks area to the Normandy Docks area of the Citadel. (PS3 Only)
Next page
NATO trucks remain stuck in Pakistan today amid continued anti-drone protests along the highways of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwah (KP) Province, and despite police threats to arrest protesters who attempt to stop the trucks they say they are still not willing to try new shipments through the area.
Pakistani transport officials say some 1,500 trucks are loaded and waiting to head through the Khyber Pass, through which some 80 percent of NATO's supplies from Pakistan enter.
The protests are organized by the Pakistani Tehreek-e Insaf (PTI), the ruling party in the KP Province. They have been condemned by the national ruling party, which says they are encouraging “bullying” of the NATO drivers.
Law Minister Punjab Rana Sansullah insists that the PTI should end the protests, noting the national government is perfectly capable of blocking NATO supplies without them. That said, there is no indication the national government is planning to actually do so, and the PTI has criticized them for insisting they are opposed to US drone strikes but not doing anything about them.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Join KPCC's AirTalk with host Larry Mantle weekdays for lively and in-depth discussions of city news, politics, science, the arts, entertainment, and more. Call-in number: 866-893-5722
Assembly Bill 63, introduced by California Assemblyman Jim Frazier (D-Oakley), seeks to up the age new drivers must hold a provisional driver's license from 18 to 21, in the hopes of reducing teen driving accidents.
A provisional driver's license comes with a number of restrictions during the first 12 months of use. In California, it limits drivers from operating vehicles between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m., and bars them from carrying passengers under the age of 20 unless accompanied by a licensed driver 25 or older.
AirTalk's Larry Mantle spoke with Steve Barrow, a spokesperson for the California Coalition for Children's Safety and Health, and Scott Shackford, an associate editor at Reason.com, to hear both sides of the debate.
"Eighteen- and 19-year-old drivers — new, first-time drivers — have a crash rate 60 percent higher than 16- and 17-year-old drivers that have gone through the provisional license program," Barrow said. "Their crash rate is incredibly high and incredibly dangerous."
According to Barrow, upping the age requirement for a provisional license would give young adults the benefit of a safer driving experience.
Shackford disagreed, saying this bill would restrict the right of travel for 18- to 21-year-olds.
"What we're proposing is controlling when adults can drive their vehicles, and that is a restriction of civil liberties," said Shackford. "The reality is, driving is getting safer ... If you look at the larger picture, I really don't see the number that justifies regulations that diminish the rights of young adults to drive."
Interviews have been edited for clarity. To hear the full segment, click the blue playhead above.
Guests:
Steve Barrow, spokesperson for California Coalition for Children's Safety and Health, an advocacy organization and supporter of AB 63
Scott Shackford, an associate editor at Reason.com, the online publication of the Reason Foundation, a libertarian organization. He's been following the story
Over the weekend, the Giants bumbled into a series split with the Cardinals by losing the last two games of the series with the ultimate combination to kill any baseball team's playoff aspirations: Poor relief pitching and impotent offense.
First, Saturday, Santiago Casilla blew yet another save in the ninth, their ninth blown save of the season (in 40 opportunities). The Giants are 0-58 when they are down in the ninth inning, and they have 29 blown saves, seven of them in September alone.
Sunday's game was a boring 3-0 shutout loss: A suitable day of pitching for the Giants, but one in which the Giants left seven on base and went 0-for-6 with runners in scoring position.
The most damning set of numbers for the Giants, though, is their win-loss record in the first half of the season versus the second. At the All-Star Break, the Giants had the best record in baseball with a record of 57-33. They have since gone 22-37, plummeting to nine games over .500; at the peak of their season, they sat 24 games over, but squandered that position in only 59 games.
Here's where it gets really gory: The Giants have a season-long run differential of +64, which is seventh best in MLB. In the first half, though, the Giants scored 424 runs and allowed 351, averaging 4.7 R and 3.9 RA for a run differential of +o.8 per game. In the second-half, however—and this might be your time to look away, Giants fans—the Giants have scored 231 runs and allowed 240 runs. That's 3.9 R and 4.1 RA per game, a -.2 differential. (Add it up: 655 R and 591 RA in 149 games this season: 4.4 R/G, 4 RA/G.) That's, uh, extremely not good. Still, Bill James's pythagorean expectation formula projects a 28-31 record for the Giants' second-half, six wins better than they actually are.
Advertisement
The Giants now face the Dodgers for a three-game series that just a week ago would have been a pivotal series in the NL West race. Then the Giants went and lost five of seven, including a sweep by the Padres, and have fallen to five games back of the Dodgers for the division. The Giants have won seven of 13 against the Dodgers this season and, in addition to this week's series, will play the Dodgers three more times to close out the regular season, so the division race is not technically over, but anyone who has watched these two teams in recent months knows it's over. The Giants had an eight-game lead in the division on June 26, but have been plummeting back to earth since, falling into a tie first on August 9, then giving it up for good by August 20. In the last 30 games, the Dodgers have gone 17-13, the Giants have gone 13-17.
The wild card game is the Giants' only realistic playoff hope at this point, and this weekend they ceded home field advantage as the Mets swept the Twins, the worst team in baseball, in a three-game series. The Cardinals are just one game back of San Francisco.
Giants beat writers, and some national baseball writers, have been reporting variations on these statistics for weeks now; nothing in the above paragraphs is new information to anyone who has been paying attention to the National League. But for a sports blog with a general interest audience like this one, it's been hard to decide exactly what there is to say about the Giants in the second half. They have been alarmingly terrible, but they have managed to be so totally boring about it in the process that it has been hard to find a hook.
Advertisement
At some point, you would think something would have changed: Bruce Bochy would have stopped sending out Casilla before they blew another save, or the offense would have totally collapsed, or come back to life, instead of withering at the same time the bullpen fell apart. The truth is that the Giants have not figured out how to stop the bleeding, headed drop by drop to the precipice of missing the playoffs entirely.
And as Wendy Thurm noted earlier this month:
Advertisement
So where do the Giants go from here? Bruce Bochy has finally said Derek Law, recently back from the DL, and Hunter Strickland, (4.08 ERA in Aug/Sept, or, if you like small sample sizes, 11.57 in September with 6 ER in 4.2 IP), “will be more in the mix” in the ninth inning. It's not clear why Bochy didn't make this change sooner, but the Giants are worse for it.
So maybe the Giants will close out their remaining 13 games with enough grit and hustle (in sabermetrics parlance) to hold onto a Wild Card spot. If the NL Wild Card standings hold, they'll face Noah Syndergaard, against whom they're 1-1 against, most recently getting only two hits in eight innings at home on August 21. If they lose that game, it'll be their first playoff series loss since the 2003 NLDS. (You'll remember they've only won the World Series or missed the playoffs entirely in Bruce Bochy's tenure).
If they win the Wild Card game, they probably face a worse fate: facing the Chicago “Monstars” Cubs in a five-game division series. Do we even need to bring up the season head-to-head stats? For the sake of thoroughness: The Giants are 3-4 against the Cubs in 2016, hitting .147/.229/.232/.461 with a 3.22 ERA against them. That's not necessarily predictive of a bloodbath, but it's not going to be pretty for any team who faces the Cubs this October.
Advertisement
So what if the Giants just miss the playoffs? We'll likely get a Mets-Cardinals Wild Card game, which mostly makes me wish the Pirates hadn't shit the bed this season. A Mets-Pirates Wild Card game would be fun! Cool! Everyone is sick and tired of the Giants and Cardinals in the playoffs, so that would have at least been a less stale game than one involving one (or both) of those teams.
In the end, the Giants look to be headed toward a season pissed away in incredible fashion. They might not manage to scrape their way into the playoffs, and into another World Series parade on infield singles and incredible pitching, not this time. If—especially in light of the giant freefall they've taken this second-half—they do manage to patch it together and streak their way into their fourth World Series victory in seven years, go ahead and put all your money on them winning the World Series in 2018 too. At that point, we will have to all accept that there really is some higher power, some ghost of Barry Bonds's and Will Clark's wasted careers, that is the controlling force of baseball in even-numbered years. We'll have to accept that a's a predetermined outcome, because right now, the Giants fucking suck.
In Inherent Vice, Joaquin Phoenix plays a stoned private eye in 60s LA. It is their latest portrayal of a vulnerable loner lost in a cruel world. Next they want to make a superhero film in which an angel tempts Christ from the cross to start a family • Review of Inherent Vice
Joaquin Phoenix sucks on a cigarette and paces the room like a skittish fox examining nooks for potential boltholes. There aren't any. It's the 20th floor, the window is sealed and I'm standing in the doorway. They turn. “The Guardian! Oh fuck!” A bristly encounter with one of Hollywood's most enigmatic leading men appears imminent. But they stride over, offers their hand and creases into a grin. He's not in a bad mood, merely edgy.
They continue pacing, oblivious to the leather armchair, pausing to take in the view of downtown Los Angeles on a sunlit, winter afternoon. It's a jolt to realise this is Phoenix as Phoenix. They so immerse themselves in roles, and so loathes the celebrity game, cloaking themselves in privacy or diversionary stunts, there is seldom a peek at the man himself.
Known to be sensitive and at times temperamental, in 2010 they made the mockumentary I'm Still Here, in which they renounced acting, grew a Unabomber beard and shambled around as a mumbling, wannabe hip-hop artist. Many people were alarmed because they seemed the sort of artist who really could go over the edge. Today, however, they sport a trim beard, groomed curls and a natty blue scarf over a white shirt. With their skinny jeans they could, from a distance, be mistaken for a hipster.
They eventually surrender to the armchair and proves affable, thoughtful and grounded as they ruminate in a slightly raspy voice on the perils of awards, the difference between good and bad acting, why they have yet to appear in a superhero film, whether he's a muse – and why stardom begets insincerity. They would rather be at home with their dogs than in a hotel plugging their latest film, they confide. “But I'm here. And I hate the sound of my own voice saying the same shit. And I hate being insincere, which inevitably I'm going to be at some point because I can only do this for so long before I run out of genuine enthusiasm.”
There's clearly still plenty in the tank because they say this with passion. But he's going to be hearing their own voice a lot these next few weeks as they promote Inherent Vice, a Paul Thomas Anderson-directed stoner romp based on Thomas Pynchon's 2009 novel of the same name.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inherent Vice
Phoenix plays Doc Sportello, a private detective who stumbles in a narcotic haze through LA at the fag-end of the 1960s trying to solve a byzantine case involving their ex-girlfriend, a missing billionaire, drug smugglers, tax-dodging dentists and thuggish cops. It had been mooted for Oscar glory but the Guardian's Xan Brooks, who loved it, thinks academy voters may find it “too wild, baggy and disreputable”. And so it proved. The film has just two nominations – for adapted screenplay and costume design.
Phoenix's performance as the zonked Columbo – with mutton-chop sideburns inspired by Neil Diamond – has won near universal praise. Following equally acclaimed turns in Spike Jonze's Her, where they played a man in love with an operating system, and Anderson's The Master, an Oscar-nominated depiction of a war veteran in thrall to a cult, the 40-year-old is on a roll. It feels like a comeback, as if the star who delivered Oscar-nominated performances in Gladiator and Walk the Line, has roared back after a self-imposed break.
They ponder this. “No, it doesn't feel like a comeback. I'm just … really grateful that I've had these great opportunities. I'm working with these directors that I really admire.” It sounds like Hollywood guff but Phoenix really does revere directors – some directors.
Actors, they say, often get credit for supposedly going deep into roles when really what audiences are experiencing are environments created by maestros behind the camera. “Actors themselves probably perpetuate that myth. And every once in a while maybe it's true. But if a movie works, it's the director.”
You could expect such self-deprecation from Roger Moore, say, but Phoenix sublimely channelled Johnny Cash in Walk the Line and invested complexity into Hers potentially ridiculous Theodore Twombly.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Them
At the age of 40 Phoenix still bristles at the pressure to memorise lines and hit marks from their time as a child actor. They prefer an organic approach. “I just like to discover things as they go along. I try more and more to be receptive to what's happening in the moment as opposed to creating these ideas and trying to impose them on the shoot. The best feeling is when you don't think you're saying the lines. You think you've fucked it up and you've just been talking. And you go, oh, did I get that wrong? And they say no, everything was there.”
Good actors bring a script to life, they say. “And that's a real art, it's really impressive. But I always wanted to be open to finding something that I didn't intend or expect.” They compare it to athletes being in the zone, a trance-like state where everything goes right.
“To get to the place that's beyond the technical side of finding your light or saying the line in a particular way and being open to your unconscious because I think sometimes it knows better than you.”
They light up another cigarette. “Anytime I try to implement my ideas, it's always bad,” they laugh. “It's always fucking bad. And I feel the best stuff is kind of out of my control. I never quite feel responsible for it. And that's the state that I want to be in when I work.”
Their left leg quivers with nervous energy but discussing acting, their favourite topic, seems to calm it. The twitching resumes when conversation turns to the awards circuit. In a 2012 interview they branded it “total, utter bullshit”, a circus they wanted no part of. They rub their chin and clears their throat. “Awards can do amazing things for an actor's career,” they say. “The Oscars have completely changed my career for the better.” They hesitate, frowns. Sincerity and circumspection, one senses, are jousting in Phoenixdom. Sincerity seems to prevail. “There's also a danger that it becomes this thing, that you're constantly seeking this validation, that you're trying to do something to get a particular response. I don't like that type of acting ... Bad acting is being self-aware, being self-conscious.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Phoenix with Russell Crowe in Gladiator. Photograph: Moviestore Collection/Rex
Other actors, they add diplomatically, can play the awards game and not be contaminated, but not him. “The only approval I seek is the director's.” This desire to please lead to anxiety, they confess. “You want to get it right. You want to achieve what the director's vision is.”
Some have suggested Phoenix is something of a muse for Anderson. Do they feel that? They shrug. “I'm just an employee. I think I'm just another actor that he's working with. You should ask him.”
When I do, later, Anderson laughs. “Oh, that's funny. That's a sweet answer. They inspire me, for sure. They make me want to be a better director. He's endlessly inventive, not afraid to chase down horrible, dead-end, bad ideas.” The director declines, however, to have a bearded muse. “Muses should be more like Joanna Newsom,” they say, referring to Phoenix's harp-playing co-star. “That's a muse.”
Humble employee or not, I ask Phoenix whether Inherent Vice signposts the fracturing of counter-culture and the arrival of a darker, more paranoid era. Pacing again, they launch into an answer, then drops their cigarette. It comes to rest, smouldering, under a chest of drawers. “Fuck!” On cue a siren wails below, though not for the 20th-floor would-be arsonist. The A-lister gets on their knees and after some rummaging extracts and extinguishes it. They try to resume their train of thought, then stops.
“Hey, listen man, I don't know that I think about that. I'm an actor, not a writer. There's a danger sometimes, when you think about the broader themes of a story, you start winking at the audience: ‘Hey, this is a metaphor.' I see it in performances where the actors are hyper-aware of the statement the film is making and they start selling that.” Phoenix does not, alas, name and shame.
 They are deft at playing unhinged characters, such as emperor Commodus in Gladiator, or unmoored ones, a pattern in their three most recent films. Are they drawn to personalities who feel lost? Phoenix shrugs. “I don't think about it that way. Aren't we all experiencing that in some ways? Isn't everybody going through life trying to figure it out?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Master. Photograph: Sportsphoto Ltd/Allstar
Phoenix loves westerns and kung-fu films and is a fan of Iron Man. They were once tipped to play the Marvel character Doctor Strange, as well as Lex Luther in Batman v Superman, two upcoming superhero films, but the roles went to Benedict Cumberbatch and Jesse Eisenberg. “I'm not one of those cinephiles that likes watching (only) Godard and shit,” they say, adding that they would don superhero or villain Spandex if conditions were right. “I try not to have any restrictions. I'm just interested in the film-maker and the character, and something that feels new and exciting. Whether that's a big studio movie or an independent movie doesn't really matter to me.”
They pause. Another inner battle against circumspection. “Obviously the more money at stake, the more expectations there are to make that back, right? So you start lowering your standards. You try to appeal to as wide a market as possible. I think that's why typically I haven't done bigger movies.”
They would do a franchise if done in an interesting way, they say. “In a superhero movie it's typically good guy and bad guy, and bad guy attacks. Well, in real life evil seduces.” Phoenix has a fantasy of remaking The Last Temptation of Christ as a superhero film in which an angel tempts Christ to come down from the cross, end their suffering and start a family.
The afternoon has worn on, the sunlight is paling and Phoenix is needed for roundtable interviews with groups of journalists flown in for the occasion. A marathon talkathon answering questions that will range from insightful to inane. A notable absentee from the marketing of Inherent Vice is Pynchon. The author is so private and press averse, few know what they look like, and Warner Bros could not enlist them for the promotion. Is Phoenix jealous?
They bolt upright. “Of course! Who wouldn't want that?” Their eyes gleam. “It sounds like the dream: to be creative and to follow your passion, and then not have to sell it, not have to translate that experience into something that's palatable to a wide audience.”  They are cheered that in the celebrity game one fox, at least, has found a bolthole. Maybe one day they will too. “Fuck, yeah!”
Inherent Vice is out in the UK on 30 January
Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon today loudly condemned the P5+1 nuclear deal with Iran, calling it “appeasement” and insisting it was an “historic mistake” that the world would pay a terrible price for. As usual, they talked up the use of military force against Iran.
They also talked up assassinating Iranian scientists. When asked about the past killings and whether Israel will kill more scientists, Ya'alon declared that the killings were just Israel “defending ourselves,” adding “I'm not responsible for the lives of Iranian scientists.”
Though Israel never publicly, officially confirmed the killings, they were implicated in five different assassinations of Iranian scientists from 2012-2014. Israeli politicians, despite this being a “secret,” often reference the killings as proof of their seriousness about Iran.
Though Ya'alon did not dispute the assessment by Israeli intelligence agencies that Iran isn't working on nuclear weapons, they talked up the idea of threatening to attack Iran if they don't dismantle their civilian program, saying Iran should view complete abandonment of nuclear technology as a matter of survival.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
MIAMI -- More than two dozen frustrated fans gathered outside the Miami Dolphins' complex Tuesday to protest the way the team is being run, and the spectacle moved beleaguered general manager Jeff Ireland to act.
The notoriously media-shy Bill Parcells protege telephoned several reporters and sought to explain a series of decisions and misadventures that have drawn national ridicule.
"I'm not naive to the fact of what's out there," they told The Associated Press as fans protested across the street. The attempt at damage control was the latest surprising turn in a bizarre sequence of events for Ireland and the Dolphins.
Among the fans who gathered at team headquarters at midday, several wore bags over their heads, and others held signs that read "FIRELAND." They were mostly upset about a succession of setbacks involving quarterbacks since free agency began a week ago.
Ireland insisted he's not disappointed with the way Miami's shopping has gone. They said their moves shouldn't be judged until the offseason is over, and they asked fans for patience.
"We're only halfway through the process," they said. "It includes the draft and more free agency."
But the protest has been a long time coming. The Dolphins last won a playoff game 11 years ago, and with a 6-10 finish in 2011, they've endured three consecutive losing seasons for the first time since the 1960s.
It's humble stuff for the franchise of Dan Marino, Don Shula and the
perfect season. And lately things have gone from bad to worse.
Owner Stephen Ross stressed that the top offseason priority was to upgrade at quarterback, and two weeks ago the Dolphins were considered the favorites to sign Peyton Manning. They finished fourth among four finalists.
The Dolphins were then regarded as the front-runners for Green Bay Packers backup Matt Flynn, but after visiting Miami, they opted for the Seattle Seahawks. Ireland then brought in Alex Smith for a visit, and when it appeared they would instead remain with the San Francisco 49ers, Miami signed David Garrard, who didn't play anywhere in 2011.
"The batting average is never going to be 1.000," Ireland said. "There are 31 other teams doing the same thing. It's a very competitive environment. When it comes to the quarterback position, there are only a few out there. ... I'd rather go to the effort to add players like Peyton Manning, even if it doesn't work out. I don't apologize for going out and trying to get Peyton."
Nikki Haley repeated a lot of the usual false and misleading hawkish claims about the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) in a speech at AEI earlier today. This was a typical unfounded assertion:
The question of Iranian compliance is not as straight forward as many people believe. It's not just about the technical terms of the nuclear agreement.
In fact, adhering to the “technical terms” of the agreement is what puts Iran in compliance with the deal. Iran hawks don't like that Iran is complying with the agreement, not least since they insisted that Tehran would never do that, and so they have to invent an arbitrary new standard that they can use to find the agreement to be faulty. If Iran is abiding by the restrictions contained in the JCPOA, the deal is working as intended and Iran's nuclear program has been successfully constrained. Try as Haley might, they cannot find a pretext for scrapping the deal short of simply making things up, which is what they proceed to do later in the speech.
Haley says at one point:
The deal they struck wasn't supposed to be just about nuclear weapons. It was meant to be an opening with Iran; a welcoming back into the community of nations.
That might have been an ideal outcome, but it's not true that the deal was supposed to lead to this. That is not what the agreement required, and under the circumstances it was never likely to happen. Iran hawks here in the U.S. in particular were determined that any agreement on the nuclear issue would not become the basis for broader engagement or detente. They routinely accused the Obama administration of pursuing exactly that (also false), and now in a laughable about-face “complain” that the deal has not somehow magically achieved a goal that they vehemently oppose. Bear in mind that it is an open secret that these are the people that hate the possibility of an “opening with Iran.” They are desperate to prevent Iran from being welcomed back into the community of nations, and their determined opposition to any and all sanctions relief on Iran is proof of that.
Haley then repeats another falsehood:
We were promised an “end” to the Iranian nuclear program. What emerged was not an end, but a pause. Under the deal, Iran will continue to enrich uranium and develop advanced centrifuges.
No, we weren't promised any such thing. Proponents of making a deal with Iran were entirely up-front about the fact that Iran would have to retain some limited enrichment capability in order to get them to agree to the restrictions on the rest of the program. Hard-line opponents of the deal wanted a “zero enrichment” requirement, among other maximalist demands, and they didn't get their way. There was no chance that Iran would agree to the complete abandonment of their program, and that is why the P5+1 settled for the compromise that secured the more important goal of restricting Iran's nuclear program. The purpose of the agreement was to make it practically impossible for Iran to be able to build a nuclear weapon, and then to verify that Iran was abiding by the restrictions imposed to ensure that. No agreement could have brought about the “end” to Iran's entire nuclear program, and any deal that made that a requirement would have been rejected. The deal is doing exactly what it is supposed to do, and so Haley has to resort to the shoddiest revisionism possible to attack it.
Haley claims:
It gave Iran what it wanted up-front, in exchange for temporary promises to deliver what we want.
In fact, sanctions relief has been halting, slow, and has provided Iran with far less foreign investment than it hoped. In exchange for that, Iran severely restricted its nuclear program and submitted to international inspections for more than a decade. In other words, Haley gets things almost exactly backwards here, and misleads their audience in the process.
Haley continues:
The JCPOA is, therefore, a very flawed and very limited agreement. But even so, Iran has been caught in multiple violations over the past year and a half.
This is at best extremely misleading. The few violations in question have been very minor and quickly rectified. The IAEA has consistently found Iran to be in compliance with the agreement since it was implemented, and their continued inspections will help make sure that the deal keeps working.
Another one of Haley's statements is not so much dishonest as it is simply dumb:
The deal drew an artificial line between the Iranian regime's nuclear development and the rest of its lawless behavior.
There are many bad objections to the JCPOA, but this is probably the most ridiculous one. Yes, a non-proliferation agreement focused exclusively on the nuclear issue and imposed restrictions on the nuclear program alone. Whatever other undesirable behavior Iran engages in was never going to be up for discussion during these negotiations, and it would have torpedoed the negotiations over the nuclear issue to try to include other disagreements. Iran hawks simultaneously hate the very idea of diplomatic engagement with Iran and oppose it tooth and nail, and yet they also want to fault a specific set of negotiations on one issue for “failing” to resolve all outstanding issues with them. If there had not been an “artificial line” between the nuclear issue and the rest of Iran's behavior, Iran hawks would have probably been successful in using their lame whataboutist arguments to derail the agreement. Fortunately, those arguments didn't prevail two years ago, and we can only hope that they will continue to be ignored.
P.S. Richard Nephew has produced an annotated version of the speech in which they point out more Haley errors.
Nobody's going to shed a tear for an oiled microbe, but the Deepwater Horizon's impacts include bacteria, underscoring just how subtle and fundamental the blowout's ecological consequences may be.
The findings, based on comparisons of microbial flux before and after oil washed ashore, are not a final analysis. It's too soon to say how long-lasting those fluctuations were, or what they meant to other creatures. Instead they're a starting point, an early observation in research that will continue for years, even decades.
"While visible damages are evident in the wildlife populations and marine estuaries, the most significant effect may be on the most basic level of the ecosystems: the bacterial and plankton populations," wrote researchers in a study Feb. 28 in Nature Precedings. "Abrupt and severe changes in the microbial metabolism can produce long-term effects on the entire ecosystem."
Led by University of Houston bioinformaticist Yuriy Fofanov, the researchers sequenced DNA from near-shore water and beach-soil samples gathered before and after oil arrived in Gulfport, Mississippi, and Grand Isle, Louisiana, following the blowout last spring.
By cross-referencing the DNA to microbe gene databases, they identified populations of bacteria and how they changed. Vibrio cholera, the bug that causes cholera, spiked upward after the spill. So did Rickettsiales, an order of bugs whose diseases include typhus and spotted fever.
Populations of Synechococcus, a typically ubiquitous photosynthesizing bug, collapsed. Communities of Archaea – the lesser-recognized microbial kingdom – also underwent radical makeovers.
The new analyses are not meant to be exhaustive. Most species of ocean-dwelling microbes have not yet been identified. Rather, they're a diagnostic snapshot that wouldn't have existed even a decade ago, before the advent of faster, cheaper gene sequencing and a rising appreciation of bacteria's ecological importance.
"Microbial communities are an essential but vulnerable part of any ecosystem. The basic metabolic activities of microbial communities represent the fundamental status of any environment," wrote Fofanov's's team.
Andy Juhl, a Columbia University plankton ecologist who was not involved in the study, cautioned against drawing premature conclusions. "I would take the findings that oil resulted in these changes in microbial composition as a plausible hypothesis," they said. "Further work may support or refute that hypothesis."
Juhl's assessment is in keeping with scientific debate over a growing body of research into exactly what poured and bubbled from the Deepwater Horizon wellhead, and what it meant to the Gulf's already-troubled ecologies. The research is still in its early stages, painstakingly gathered and deliberated – as it will be for years to come – even as BP has reneged on restoration agreements, arguing that the damage wasn't so bad after all.
In mid-February, researchers led by University of Georgia biogeochemist Samantha Joye concluded that up to 40 percent of hydrocarbons released by the blowout came in the form of methane gas. Its fate remains unknown, and vast methane pockets could still be floating through the Gulf, they said.
Those findings were criticized as relying on outdated data by oceanographers John Kessler and David Valentine, who a month earlier said that the methane had been consumed by deep-sea bacteria.
The disagreement was a standard scientific back-and-forth, but much less debatable were seafloor movies subsequently shown by Joye at the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in Washington, D.C. Shot by a robotic submersible vehicle in December, the films showed a Gulf seafloor covered with oil and dead invertebrates.
What all this ultimately means for Gulf ecology is unknown. As for human impacts, the National Institutes of Health announced on March 1 that it's looking for 55,000 oil cleanup workers to participate in a long-term study of chemical impacts on health.
In the meantime, the oil industry and Gulf lawmakers continue to push for lifting restrictions on deepwater drilling. Kenneth Feinberg, administrator of the $20 billion claims fund established by BP, has said that Gulf ecosystems should be fully recovered by 2012.
"One viewpoint, which is what BP would want us to believe, is that this oil and gas had been naturally dispersed and had a relatively minor effect, and perhaps no long-term impact on the health of the Gulf of Mexico ecosystem. The other point of view is that it killed lots of animals, oiled wetlands and may have long-term ecological impacts, but it's too early to assess that," said Ian MacDonald, a Florida State University oceanographer and co-author with Joye of the methane estimates.
"We all hope the first one is correct, but we should try to be very objective about determining what really did happen," they said.
Fofanov's group concluded that "the long-term damage to the ecosystem including the basic food chain is uncertain and requires future research."
Images: 1) Geoff Livingston, Flickr. 2) Samantha Joye, University of Georgia.
See Also:
Citation: "Longitudinal Metagenomic Analysis of the Water and Soil from Gulf of Mexico Beaches Affected by the Deep Water Horizon Oil Spill." By William R. Widger, Georgiy Golovko, Antonio F. Martinez, Efren V. Ballesteros, Jesse J. Howard, Zhenkang Xu, Utpal Pandya, Viacheslav Y. Fofanov, Mark Rojas, Christopher Bradburne, Ted Hadfield, Nels A. Olson, Joshua L. Santarpia & Yuriy Fofanov. Nature Precedings, February 28, 2011.
Deshaun Watson grew up less than an hour away from the University of Georgia, yet, astonishingly, the Bulldogs were late to catch on to him.
Clemson offered the spring after Watson's first-year student year. They committed to the Tigers in 2012. It was not until one year later that Georgia offered the rising star. By then, it was too late. Watson says the staff did not put on the hard sell until their senior year.
“I had my mind made up I was going to Clemson,” Watson said recently. “I was enrolling early, so I didn't want to do any changes.”
Watson ended up leading Clemson to the national championship game last season and is a preseason favorite to win the Heisman. Then-Georgia coach Mark Richt is now at Miami, their fortunes perhaps changed because they and their staff were too slow on Watson.
“I told (then-offensive coordinator Mike) Bobo, that guy is going to take somebody to the national championship,” Richt said recently. “That kid right there, he's got it. Clemson did a great job of getting on them young. We were slow. We were too slow. That was a great job by them. They just whupped us.”
Deshaun Watson led Clemson to the brink of a national title last season. Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
It is pretty amazing how one decision could have such a domino effect on college football. What if the Bulldogs had been on Watson from the beginning? Would Watson have gone to Georgia? Would it be Georgia playing in a national championship game with Watson behind center? Would Richt still be the head coach?
They are interesting "what ifs" to ponder, but rather than play a hypothetical guessing game, let's take a look at what Watson's decision to go to Clemson has done to four different programs.
Clemson Tigers: The Tigers became one of the best stories in college football last season, going undefeated through the regular season and then beating Oklahoma to make it to the national championship game against Alabama. Watson was the biggest reason, gaining over 5,000 yards of offense and nearly single-handedly beating the Tide, giving Clemson its best season since it won the national championship in 1981. Clemson is now a favorite to make it back to the College Football Playoff. You can bet Nick Saban does not want to face Watson again.
Georgia Bulldogs: Are those groans coming from Athens over the one that got away? Since Watson arrived at Clemson in 2014, Georgia has had absolutely no stability at quarterback. Hutson Mason started in 2014. Then the Bulldogs needed to go the transfer route, starting Greyson Lambert in 2015. This year, the Bulldogs might be starting a true first-year student in Jacob Eason. Injuries at running back also hampered the Georgia offense in Richt's final two seasons, but the fact that Georgia had nobody elite at the quarterback position was probably an uncomfortable reminder that they let Watson get away. Richt was let go at the end of 2015.
Miami Hurricanes: Watson was behind center when Clemson embarrassed Miami 58-0 last October, handing the Hurricanes their worst home loss in history. That game ended up being a huge catalyst for the entire Miami program. The following day, embattled coach Al Golden was fired. Athletic director Blake James set their sights on Richt but proceeded through the coaching search, believing their No. 1 choice would remain at Georgia. When Richt was let go, James pounded. Now Miami has a coach who has galvanized the program, and that happened thanks to Watson leading the way at Clemson.
South Carolina Gamecocks: Since Watson became the starting quarterback at Clemson, the fortunes for the two in-state rivals have gone in opposite directions. In 2014, Watson played on a torn ACL and still led Clemson to victory, ending a painful five-game losing streak to the Gamecocks. Clemson finished that season 10-3; South Carolina went 7-6. It was the first time since 2010 that both teams were not ranked headed into the game. Then last season, Watson led a 37-32 win, helping Clemson to its first undefeated regular season since 1981. South Carolina finished 3-9, its worst season since going 0-11 in 1999. The gap between the two programs is now at its largest since Dabo Swinney took over.
PECL/mysqlnd_ms is a client-side load balancer for PHP that supports any MySQL cluster. It does read-write splitting, failover, introduces a quality of service concept, supports partitioning and, of course, load balancing. New mysqli API (begin, *savepoint) calls in PHP 5.5.0 help to improve transaction awareness. New read only in MySQL 5.6 promise major performance gains (think 2x) and an option to reduce the load on a MySQL Replication master. Read how the features go together in PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5.
Load balancing – transaction aware?
A load balancer must not switch connections in the middle of a transaction. A load balancer must send all queries to the server a transaction has been started on until the transaction ends. Unfortunately, it is very hard to develop a transparent load balancer for MySQL. In general there are four approaches:
forget about transparency and require applications to hint the load balancer about transaction boundaries (buuuh!)
have the MySQL server announce transactions to clients on the wirte protocol (buggy 🙁)
monitor SQL queries controlling transactions
monitor API calls controlling transactions
PECL/mysqlnd_ms supports the basic hinting and the API monitoring approach. Using SQL hints to control load balancing during transactions is possible but very uncomfortable.
$mysqli = new mysqli(...); $mysqli->query("BEGIN"); /* stop load balancing, force use of last server */ $mysqli->query(sprintf("/*%s*/INSERT INTO test(id) VALUES (1)", MYSQLND_MS_LAST_USED_SWITCH)); sprintf("/*%s*/COMMIT", MYSQLND_MS_LAST_USED_SWITCH));
API monitoring is a step forward. If transaction stickiness has been configured, PECL/mysqlnd_ms stops load balancing once autocommit is turned off. Given you set trx_stickiness=master , the load balancer will run all transactions on the master.
$mysqli->autocommit(false); /* autocommit is off, must not switch connections if transaction_stickiness is set */ $mysqli->query("INSERT INTO test(id) VALUES (1)"); $pdo->setAttribute(PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT, false); /* if trx_stickiness is set, no connection switch allowed */ $stmt = $pdo->prepare("SELECT @myrole AS _role"); $stmt->execute(); $result = $stmt->fetchAll(PDO::FETCH_ASSOC);
Internally, PECL/mysqlnd_ms hooks the autocommit() C API function of mysqlnd. PDO_MySQL and mysqli call it and thus, PECL/mysqlnd_ms recognizes the change.
Any PHP MySQL application | $pdo->setAttribute(PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT, false); $mysqli->autocommit(false); mysqlnd autocommit() PECL/mysqlnd_ms autocommit() :
transaction stickiness set and in transaction? | MySQL Master MySQL Slave
However, remember that if you used SQL to control the autocommit mode, PECL/mysqlnd_ms would not recognize the change and transaction stickiness would not work.
MySQL C API vs. PHP API
As a PHP user, you may be surprised to hear that autocommit() is the only call monitored in PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.4. That's because It's pretty much all the MySQL C API had to offer and thus, all the plugin could hook and used to detect transaction boundaries. For example, PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.4 cannot be made aware of a call to PDO::beginTransaction() because PDO::beginTransaction() does not map to any MySQL C API call that the plugin could monitor.
A close look unveils that SQL offers way more options to control transactions than the MySQL C API.
SQL MySQL C API PHP 5.4 MySQL APIs SET autocommit mysql_autocommit() mysqli_autocommit(), PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT START TRANSACTION n/a PDO::beginTransaction() START TRANSACTION transaction_characteristic (e.g. READ ONLY) n/a n/a COMMIT mysql_commit() mysqli_commit(), PDO::commit() COMMIT [WORK] [AND [NO] CHAIN] [[NO] RELEASE] n/a n/a ROLLBACK mysql_rollback() mysqli_rollback(), PDO::rollBack() ROLLBACK [WORK] [AND [NO] CHAIN] [[NO] RELEASE] n/a n/a SAVEPOINT n/a n/a RELEASE SAVEPOINT n/a n/a ROLLBACK [WORK] TO [SAVEPOINT] identifier n/a n/a
The feature gap between SQL and PHP (mysqli) API is closed in PHP 5.5. The mysqlnd C library has been extended to offer C calls for all SQL features. Those C calls can be monitored by PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5. And, those calls are exported to the mysqli API. The transaction aware load balancing of PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5 is no longer limited to autocommit() but covers all of the below mysqli_*-functions.
SQL PHP 5.5 MySQL APIs SET autocommit mysqli_autocommit(), PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT START TRANSACTION mysqli_begin_transaction(), PDO::beginTransaction() START TRANSACTION transaction_characteristic (e.g. READ ONLY) mysqli_begin_transaction([option [, name]]) COMMIT mysqli_commit(), PDO::commit() COMMIT [WORK] [AND [NO] CHAIN] [[NO] RELEASE] mysqli_commit([option]) ROLLBACK mysqli_rollback(), PDO::rollBack() ROLLBACK [WORK] [AND [NO] CHAIN] [[NO] RELEASE] mysqli_rollback([option, [name]]) SAVEPOINT mysqli_savepoint(name) RELEASE SAVEPOINT mysqli_release_savepoint(name) ROLLBACK [WORK] TO [SAVEPOINT] identifier mysqli_rollback([option, [name]])
PDO_MySQL has not been modified yet to use the new mysqlnd API calls. Work in progress… even the mysqli API additions have not been documented yet.
mysqli constant Comment MYSQLI_TRANS_START_WITH_CONSISTENT_SNAPSHOT , MYSQLI_TRANS_START_READ_WRITE , MYSQLI_TRANS_START_READ_ONLY For mysqli_begin_transaction() . See SQL. MYSQLI_TRANS_COR_AND_CHAIN , MYSQLI_TRANS_COR_AND_NO_CHAIN , MYSQLI_TRANS_COR_RELEASE , MYSQLI_TRANS_COR_NO_RELEASE Use with mysqli_commit() , mysqli_rollback() . See SQL.
Better load balancing in PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5
MySQL 5.6 introduces read only transactions. If you tell InnoDB in advance that a transaction will perform read operations only, it can be executed faster than a transaction that may perform a White. Early MySQL 5.6 Release Candidate benchmarks hinted that read only transactions could run twice as fast as normal transactions. You can use the SQL statement
START TRANSACTION READ ONLY to begin a read only transaction, or you use the new mysqli API features of PHP 5.5.0.
$mysqli->begin_transaction(MYSQLI_TRANS_START_READ_ONLY); $mysqli->query(...); $mysqli->query(...); $mysqli->commit();
Using the API has the advantage that PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5 can do transaction aware load balancing: the plugin picks a server to run the transaction and continues using it until the transaction ends. If MYSQLI_TRANS_START_READ_ONLY is set, the plugin may try to run the transaction on a slave in order to reduce the load on the master. Whether the transaction will end up on a slave depends on a number of additional factors.
trx_stickiness setting mysqli call version requirements PECL/mysqlnd_ms load balancing not set $mysqli->begin_transaction() Ignored! Load balancer may switch connections at any time. Not transaction safe! master $mysqli->autocommit(), PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT PHP 5.4, PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.2 If autocommit is turned off, choose master and used it until autocommit is enabled again. Once autocommit is enabled, switching servers may happen at any time. master $mysqli->begin_transaction() PHP 5.5, PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5 Choose a master: if failover is enabled, search a master until you find one based on failover rules. Once a master has been found stop load balancing, stop failover. Use master until the end of the transaction, monitor mysqli_commit(), mysqli_rollback() C API counterparts to learn about the end of the transaction. on $mysqli->begin_transaction(MYSQLI_TRANS_START_READ_ONLY) PHP 5.5, PECL/mysqlnd_ms 1.5 Try to use a slave to run the transaction on. Try to use slave only if master-on-write and the current quality of service setting allows it. For example, if strong consistency has been requested, slaves will not be considered. If no slaves are configured or all slaves have failed, try using a master (see above).
Beside all the improvements, it would be so much easier for clients to do proper transaction aware load balancing if the server would announce the beginning and end of a transaction on the wire protocol…
Happy hacking!
@Ulf_Wendel
Trials at New Mexico's Spaceport Authority are using new millimetre wave technology to deliver data from drones – potentially 40 times faster than 4G
Google is testing solar-powered drones at Spaceport America in New Mexico to explore ways to deliver high-speed internet from the air, the Guardian has learned.
In a secretive project codenamed SkyBender, the technology giant built several prototype transceivers at the isolated spaceport last summer, and is testing them with multiple drones, according to documents obtained under public records laws.
In order to house the drones and support aircraft, Google is temporarily using 15,000 square feet of hangar space in the glamorous Gateway to Space terminal designed by Norman Foster for the much-delayed Virgin Galactic spaceflights.
The tech company has also installed its own dedicated flight control centre in the nearby Spaceflight Operations Center, separate from the terminal.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest View of the runway from the Spaceflight Operations Center control tower Photograph: New Mexico Spaceport Authority
Based out of the site near the town called Truth or Consequences, Project SkyBender is using drones to experiment with millimetre-wave radio transmissions, one of the technologies that could underpin next generation 5G wireless internet access. High frequency millimetre waves can theoretically transmit gigabits of data every second, up to 40 times more than today's 4G LTE systems. Google ultimately envisages thousands of high altitude “self-flying aircraft” delivering internet access around the world.
“The huge advantage of millimetre wave is access to new spectrum because the existing cellphone spectrum is overcrowded. It's packed and there's nowhere else to go,” says Jacques Rudell, a professor of electrical engineering at the University of Washington in Seattle and specialist in this technology.
Google's drones have exclusive use of the Spaceport's runway and will even venture above a neighbouring missile range
However, millimetre wave transmissions have a much shorter range than mobile phone signals. A broadcast at 28GHz, the frequency Google is testing at Spaceport America, would fade out in around a tenth the distance of a 4G phone signal. To get millimetre wave working from a high-flying drone, Google needs to experiment with focused transmissions from a so-called phased array. “This is very difficult, very complex and burns a lot of power,” Rudell says.
Google reports self-driving car mistakes: 272 failures and 13 near misses Read more
The SkyBender system is being tested with an “optionally piloted” aircraft called Centaur as well as solar-powered drones made by Google Titan, a division formed when Google acquired New Mexico startup Titan Aerospace in 2014. Titan built high-altitude solar-powered drones with wingspans of up to 50 metres.
Emails between Spaceport America and Google project managers reveal that the aircraft have exclusive use of the Spaceport's runway during the tests and will even venture above the neighbouring White Sands Missile Range.
Google spent several months last summer building two communication installations on concrete pads at Spaceport America. Project SkyBender is part of the little-known Google Access team, which also includes Project Loon, a plan to deliver wireless internet using unpowered balloons floating through the stratosphere.
One of the millimetre wave transceivers was located near Spaceport America's Spaceport Operations Centre (SOC), and the other four miles away at the Vertical Launch Area (VLA), although Google's plans did not involve any rockets. Google also established a repeater tower and numerous other sites around the Spaceport, presumably to test millimetre wave reception.
Both installations have cabinets full of computer servers and other electronics, while the pad at the SOC required a concrete base to support a dish antenna nearly eight feet across, according to a separate filing with the Federal Communications Commissions (FCC).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of Google's installations at the spaceport. Photograph: New Mexico Spaceport Authority
Work did not proceed smoothly, however. At one point in late August, a lorry showed up at 10.30pm, causing the Spaceport America team to complain to Google: “We have no loading dock and no means to remove a pallet … from the middle of the truck.” The lorry was turned away without making its delivery.
Later, components were installed upside down or supplied by Google without the necessary shelves, nuts and bolts. Near the end of the build in October, Mike Bashore, information systems manager at Spaceport America, even emailed to their Google contact, “We want to run out to Home Depot for grounding straps.” These are needed to protect sensitive electronics from static electricity. The nearest Home Depot hardware shop is over 100 miles from the Spaceport.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One late-night delivery to the spaceport couldn't be unloaded. Photograph: New Mexico Spaceport Authority
Google is not the first organisation to work with drones and millimetre wave technology. In 2014, Darpa, the research arm of the US military, announced a program called Mobile Hotspots to make a fleet of drones that could provide one gigabit per second communications for troops operating in remote areas.
Google has permission from the FCC to continue its tests in New Mexico until July. Spaceport America will be glad of the $300,000 SkyBender tests, as Virgin Galactic virtually mothballed its terminal following the 2014 crash of its prototype SpaceShipTwo vehicle in California. Christine Anderson, chief executive officer of Spaceport America, admits that the facility is now running out of money.
“We are transitioning to supporting all aspects of the spaceport from our operational budget, as the [state] bonds have been spent except for the amount reserved for the southern road,” they wrote in a blog post earlier this month. “We are asking the legislature for $2.8m ... We appreciate that our request is a lot of money, but we also feel that it is a relatively small amount to protect the state's $218.5m investment already made in the new and exciting commercial space industry.”
Alphabet and Facebook develop rival secret drone plans Read more
Google is paying Virgin Galactic $1,000 a day for the use of a hangar in the Gateway to Space building, but had to split its SkyBender tests into two separate flight campaigns to ease Virgin Galactic concerns. An unnamed Virgin Galactic executive emailed Anderson before the tests to note: “We will be arranging numerous activities around these occupancy periods, which would be impacted if there was any [timing changes].” Google also had to promise not to take any photographs inside the building.
Anderson expects Virgin Galactic to unveil its new SpaceShipTwo at the Spaceport in February, and to begin flights there in 2018.
Google declined to comment.
WASHINGTON — Long-lost audio recordings of the aftermath of president John F. Kennedy's assassination have been made public, captivating historians and stirring fascination about that fateful day.
Almost 50 years after the November 22, 1963 assassination, a two hour and 22 minute reel was found among the personal effects of JFK's senior military aide, Major General Chester Clifton, who died in 1991.
The reel contains more than 30 minutes of previously unheard footage of conversations on board Air Force One as Kennedy's body was being transported back to Washington from Dallas.
It includes new code names and incidents, including a private conversation by the head of the Secret Service, Jerry Behn, about where to take the body and plans for where the First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, would be taken.
There is also an urgent effort by an aide to Air Force chief of staff Curtis LeMay, a well-known hawk and Kennedy critic, to reach Clifton; and attempts to locate various members of congress from Texas.
The material was acquired by the Raab Collection, a rare documents dealer based in Philadelphia, who donated a digitized copy to the National Archives, made public atgpo.gov/fdsys.
Experts say the tapes will stir debate among conspiracy theorists, especially about LeMay, a major Kennedy adversary whose name was conspicuously missing from an edited version of the original tape.
“People have always wanted to know where was Curtis LeMay on the day Kennedy was shot and there have been mixed messages about it. This tape provides exactly where they are,” Kennedy historian Douglas Brinkley told CNN.
The Raab Collection is looking to sell on the original box and tape — which has a label reading “Radio Traffic involving AF-1 in flight from Dallas, Texas to Andrews AFB on November 22, 1963” — for $500,000.
“As Americans have looked to the history of the Kennedy assassination in search of answers, somewhere in an attic there existed a tape, made years before the only known surviving version, of the conversations on Air Force One on that fateful day,” vice-president Nathan Raab says in a sale flier.
“This longer, more complete tape is a crucial discovery, and a landmark piece of American history.”
The recording is a longer, unedited version of audio produced by the library of president Lyndon Johnson, who succeeded Kennedy after the assassination.
American journalist Megyn Kelly is facing the wrath of Indian social media users for a question they posed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi: ‘Are you on Twitter?'
Kelly launched their new show for NBC news with an exclusive interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin and PM Modi ahead of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum in Russia.
A teaser video posted early on Friday by NBC News shows Kelly greeting the two world leaders at the Konstantin Palace. Modi tells them that they saw a picture they had posted on Twitter of them posing with an umbrella in St Petersburg.
EXCLUSIVE: NBC News' @megynkelly joins Vladimir Putin and Narendra Modi ahead of tomorrow's International Economic Forum in Russia. pic.twitter.com/L12ahtuTDO — NBC News (@NBCNews) June 1, 2017
“I saw your tweet..with the umbrella,” says Modi, to which they replied, ‘Are you on Twitter?'
What followed was a massive backlash against reporter with tweets criticising them for ‘not doing their homework' and for perpetuating the stereotype of a ‘clueless American'.
Sheesh. @megynkelly asks @narendramodi WHO HAS 30 MILLION FOLLOWERS if he's on Twitter. What does it take to get India on the radar screen? https://t.co/ggw3p1YzlV — Alyssa Ayres (@AyresAlyssa) June 2, 2017
Modi:"I saw your tweet..with the umbrella" @megynkelly to 3rd most followed world leader on Twitter:Are you on Twitter? 😐#CluelessAmerican https://t.co/uRa3HQl8a5 — Rupa Subramanya (@rupasubramanya) June 1, 2017
Modi did their homework and referred to a recent tweet by @megynkelly. They ask him, "Are you on Twitter ?"
2.3M vs 30M+ followers. 😀 https://t.co/hSjEKJF7pa — Hetal Rach (@heytal) June 2, 2017
Hey @megynkelly , Modi is PM of the largest democracy. So wld suggest do some googling b4 meeting him. Ofcourse they are on Twitter! Duh. https://t.co/iYJPYX8Jl5 — Pranay Tiwari (@pranayom) June 2, 2017
Kelly was also at the receiving end of much vitriol online for their choice of clothing during the interview. It was only two days ago that actor Priyanka Chopra was accused of dressing inappropriately before the Prime Minister, after they posted a picture of their meeting in Berlin.
.@megynkelly Luvs to dress Disco Style for Serious Intervws, then Blame Ailes for sex Harrasmt! SAD! A LOSER! Won't Watch! #boycottMegyn — MarHopp (@HoppMar) June 2, 2017
What an inappropriate dress; so unprofessional and embarrassing for America! — Donna Koch (@KochDonna) June 1, 2017
(With agency inputs)
First Published: Jun 02, 2017 11:12 IST
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Jul 7, 2015 in Environment ISIS has cut off water supplies to the Mesopotamia Marshlands after capturing dams along the Euphrates River destroying wildlife and the livelihoods of the local people. With the breaching of dikes by local communities subsequent to the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, the marshes were re-flooded and many local buffalo breeders returned to the area. However, the marshes never expanded above 30 percent of their initial size and the population never reached their pre-1990 levels. Islamic State, which has taken strategic locations along the Euphrates in both Iraq and in Syria, are once again deliberately cutting water supplies to Southern Iraqi Provinces, drying out the wetlands. The flow of water in the Euphrates has dropped below 50 percent of its normal level since Islamic State closed the Ramadi barrage in Anbar Province in early June. Matthew Machowski, a research fellow at Queen Mary University of London, told History is repeating itself all over again. The control of water barrages and hydroelectric works have always been of great geostrategic importance in Iraq. In an area where summer temperatures and the risk of drought are high, and the levels of basic sanitation extremely poor, any effort to disrupt the flow of water may have catastrophic results. The Iraqi government was already engaged in a water war with Turkey accusing the country of violating water-sharing agreements by building dams along the Euphrates River. In 1991, then-President Saddam Hussein drained the marshes of southern Iraq in order to punish the indigenous Shi'ite marsh Arabs who had revolted against him. Up to 500,000 marsh Arabs who herded water buffalo and cultivated rice since the ancient Sumerian civilization were forced to live in refugee camps in other parts of Iraq and Iran.With the breaching of dikes by local communities subsequent to the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, the marshes were re-flooded and many local buffalo breeders returned to the area. However, the marshes never expanded above 30 percent of their initial size and the population never reached their pre-1990 levels.Islamic State, which has taken strategic locations along the Euphrates in both Iraq and in Syria, are once again deliberately cutting water supplies to Southern Iraqi Provinces, drying out the wetlands. The flow of water in the Euphrates has dropped below 50 percent of its normal level since Islamic State closed the Ramadi barrage in Anbar Province in early June.Matthew Machowski, a research fellow at Queen Mary University of London, told Radio Free Europe The Iraqi government was already engaged in a water war with Turkey accusing the country of violating water-sharing agreements by building dams along the Euphrates River. More about Isis, Marshes, Iraq Isis Marshes Iraq
Washington (CNN) Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates will testify in front of a Senate subcommittee Monday about what and when they told the Trump White House in regard to Michael Flynn's ties to Russia.
Yates' testimony will push the story of the Trump campaign's alleged ties to Russia back into the headlines, especially, if expected, they assert that they warned Trump campaign officials that Flynn, the now-deposed national security adviser, was not telling the full truth about their contacts with Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak.
Both White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and press secretary Sean Spicer have asserted that Yates passed along information about which the White House counsel checked out and found nothing
President Donald Trump has repeatedly insisted that the Russia investigations on Capitol Hill -- and the idea that senior members of their campaign were closely involved with Russian intelligence officials -- are "fake news," a theme they kept up on Twitter Sunday.
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
They made a similar point on Monday, accusing the Obama administration of not properly vetting Flynn when they led the Defense Intelligence Agency during their predecessor's term: "General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that."
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
They quickly added: "Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if they know how classified information got into the newspapers soon after they explained it to W.H. (counsel)."
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if they know how classified information got into the newspapers soon after they explained it to W.H. Council. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
The problem for Trump is that there is a whole lot of smoke already surrounding their campaign and its ties to Russia -- with Flynn at the center of it all. Flynn was forced to resign after lying to Vice President Mike Pence about their conversations with Kislyak, but since that time, we've learned they reportedly didn't properly report a speech they gave to a RT-TV, a Russia propaganda arm, and that they were paid at least $500,000 to represent Turkey's interests during the 2016 campaign. Late last week, The Washington Post reported that Flynn has been warned by Trump transition officials about the danger of speaking with Kislyak -- a detail CNN has now confirmed
Polling suggests there is significant suspicion regarding the Trump campaign's contacts with Russia. In an April Washington Post-ABC News poll, 56% of those tested said that Russia tried to influence the election. Of that group the bulk -- 39% -- said the Trump campaign "intentionally" helped Russia's meddling.
The CIA and FBI have confirmed their belief that Russia sought to meddle in the election and that the country's interference was aimed at trying to keep Hillary Clinton from winning. There's no evidence yet that there was any sort of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians.
The re-emergence of the Russia investigation comes after, arguably, one of the better weeks of the Trump presidency -- capped by the House's passage of the American Health Care Act on Thursday.
Depending on what Yates says -- and how the White House reacts -- any momentum built from last week (and I am somewhat skeptical there was much) could disappear into thin air. Regardless, Yates' testimony -- and the latest news about Flynn -- is a reminder that the Russia story just isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
Trump and their administration are clearly frustrated by the Russia drumbeat. But their dismissive approach could well come back to bite them in regards Flynn this week and potentially in the future.
Whether this President likes it or not, the Russia story isn't going away anytime soon. Given that, they and their senior team have to figure out a better message than they've had to date.
AT least two A-League supporters have successfully challenged Football Federation bans, it has emerged, after the governing body conceded it is prepared to review certain cases.
Amid mounting supporter anger over the banning process, which seen almost 200 individuals given bans from all football events from a few months to 20 years, FFA revealed that it would consider new evidence presented via A-League clubs in cases where supporters felt they had been wrongly blamed.
As the furore continued over the publication of the banned list in the Sunday Telegraph, FFA said on Thursday that it had “always been the case” that bans could be overturned, even though there is no formal - or independent - appeals process.
“Since the inception of the Banning Process, it has always been the case that if a banned person can prove that they did not engage in the relevant behaviour the ban will not apply,” the FFA statement said. “If a banned person can bring the evidence that proves this to FFA through their club, the ban will be lifted.”
It's understood that at least two supporters, one from Sydney FC, have been successful in producing evidence to challenge their ban, even though the majority of clubs in the competition appeared to be unaware that they could mount a case on behalf of a supporter.
In letters sent last year to subjects of banning orders, FFA had said that as it is not a government agency, “the obligation to adhere to the rules of procedural fairness and natural justice does not apply to our organisation. FFA will not consider any appeal”.
It comes after Western Sydney became the first club to say it would back supporters who could prove their ban was unjust, and would make their case to FFA. “Within the parameters of the system that is in place at FFA, if you feel you have been wrongly banned and have compelling evidence to support your claim please contact our office,” CEO John Tsatsimas said to the club's members in a letter on Wednesday.
They also implored fans not to target individuals, after it emerged that death threats had been made against a journalist over the publication of the banned list.
FFA also issued more detail about its banning process on Thursday, insistent that each penalty was backed by hard evidence.
“FFA does not ban spectators lightly but, like any host venue including sporting stadiums and hotels, will refuse entry to persons where we are not satisfied that they will respect the safety and enjoyment of other patrons,” its statement said.
“Before issuing a “banned notice”, an FFA security committee reviews credible information provided by law enforcement, stadium security, FFA's security consultants and clubs. This information includes CCTV, photos and other forms of evidence.
“The length of each ban reflects the seriousness of the conduct and the risk that it poses to the safety and welfare of our fans, and reinforces our message that we don't tolerate anti-social behaviour.”
Originally published as Fans successfully challenge FFA bans
The crisis in Ukraine has, once again, divided the Canadian foreign-policy establishment, with some veteran observers harshly criticizing the Harper government's gung-ho approach, while others rally to its defence.
But Ukraine is in some ways a proxy in this debate. The real, raw wound is Israel.
Those who made their names and careers during the Pearsonian autumn of Canadian diplomacy – when Liberal foreign affairs minister Lloyd Axworthy championed soft power, when Canada was a key voice in such international protocols as the land mines treaty, when we stood proudly opposed as the Americans and British invaded Iraq – have pretty much detested the Harper government's foreign policy from Day One.
Story continues below advertisement
In the opinion of this former nomenklatura, the Conservatives took a wrecking ball to Canada's sterling international reputation as an honest broker, pandering instead to ethnic minorities in a shameless trawl for votes.
For the critics, this government's handling of the situation in Ukraine is simply the latest outrage.
"We've got a diaspora-driven foreign policy," Christopher Westdal, former Canadian ambassador to both Ukraine and Russia, told The Globe and Mail. "It might work at the polls, but it doesn't do much good in the world."
Mr. Westdal and others argue Canada should be quietly seeking to build bridges with Moscow in an effort to diffuse the crisis. Instead, John Baird stood with the protesters in Independence Square in December, even though Viktor Yanukovych was still president. Canada's foreign-affairs minister returned to Kiev within days of Mr. Yanukovych's overthrow. And Stephen Harper is travelling to Ukraine on Saturday, the first G7 leader to do so since the interim government took power.
All this, Mr. Westdal and others believe, is nothing but a ploy by the Conservative government to win over Canada's 1.2 million Ukrainians.
But opposition is hardly monolithic. The Ukraine crisis has revealed sharp divisions within the foreign-policy community. Here at the Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI), distinguished fellow Paul Heinbecker strongly criticized the Harper government's decision to withdraw the Canadian ambassador to Russia for consultations.
"It's a government given to gestures," Mr. Heinbecker, who was Canada's ambassador to the United Nations, told the Canadian Press. "It's foreign policy by declaration and by gesture, all calculated with an eye on the next election."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But Fen Hampson, director of the global security and politics program at CIGI, took a polar opposite view, calling the decision "a principled step in the right direction." Prof. Hampson urged the Harper government to work with other G-7 members to expel Russia from what is now the G-8, and to beef up NATO forces in Central Europe and the Balkans.
(CIGI itself is non-partisan and holds no policy positions as an institution, but CIGI fellows may freely state their personal views, which may differ.)
At the root of this disagreement is a greater disagreement. The Pearson-Trudeau-Axworthy school of foreign policy thought (which includes many people currently serving in the Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development) believes the Harper government has undermined decades of solid work at fashioning a balanced foreign policy in the Middle East by loudly and unreservedly supporting Israel.
Others see the Middle East as just one region of many and by no means the most important as far as Canadian interests concerned. They prefer a robust foreign policy in which Canada stands by Israel, a democracy and an ally, no matter whom it offends.
Other debates, including the debate over Ukraine, simply reflect this seminal, visceral conflict over the Middle East.
As far as Ukraine is concerned, the facts support the government. Whatever the rhetoric surrounding Canada's actions, those actions – targeted sanctions against Russia, promises of financial support for Ukraine, moves to expel Russia from the G-8 – match the actions of other Western nations.
Story continues below advertisement
And the Harper government has a vital ally in its approach to Ukraine: the Canadian people. There is no evidence to suggest anything other than broad, deep support among Canadians of every background and in every region for the democratic aspirations of Ukrainians, which is why the government's position on Ukraine enjoys all-party support in the House of Commons.
On this file, at least, the government has the people on its side, whatever the critics on the sidelines may think.
John Ibbitson is a CIGI senior fellow, an award-winning writer and leading political journalist in Canada. Currently on a one-year leave from The Globe and Mail, John is researching, writing and speaking on Canadian foreign policy at CIGI while they work on a new book.
Along with other CIGI experts, Mr. Ibbitson will be contributing at www.cigionline.org/blogs, where this post was originally published.
Rents in Christchurch have fallen as the housing supply has increased.
Tenants are making the best of falling rents in Christchurch, with rents now back where they were nearly five years ago.
On average, tenants are paying nearly $60 a week less than when rents peaked after the Canterbury earthquakes. The median rent of properties let out during May was $363, down from an early 2015 peak of $431, bond figures show.
Brent Manderson, of Harcourts Accommodation Centre, said tenants were being more choosy about location.
FAIRFAX NZ More rental choice means tenants are more likely to consider school zones.
They wanted homes near schools zones, bus routes and other amenities such as pools and shops "because they can", they said.
READ MORE:
* Christchurch rents buck national trend with 6 per cent fall
* Christchurch landlords lower rents due to 'oversupply' of properties
* Christchurch's housing paradox –​ the downside of a building boom
* Week's free rent to entice tenants as Christchurch rental rates fall
"We're starting to see an expectation of quality, because of the way the market is."
GEORGE HEARD/FAIRFAX NZ Linwood is among Christchurch's cheapest places to rent.
Some landlords had struggled to adjust to lower rents as the city's housing supply increased, but most had "been brought back into line", Manderson said.
Canterbury Property Investors' Association president Stephen East said the city's rental market was the softest it had been for almost a decade.
"Christchurch is one of the few centres where rents are going down instead of up. Landlords are having to drop rents by a reasonable amount to attract tenants, and perhaps offer a free week to get a tenant in.
123RF Christchurch rents are back to 2012 levels.
"There's an oversupply of properties so demand is low, the supply is high."
East themselves listed a three-bedroom house with a garden for rent in Bishopdale two days ago "and I haven't had one ring for it yet". They did not expect the trend to change soon.
"You've only got to see the new houses still being pumped out by housing companies in the north and west of the town, and it's having a flow-on effect on the rental market."
They advised landlords to be realistic about rents and present homes to a high standard.
"You have to make sure your property is in good condition. All the new housing has raised the standard."
Rent Right owner David Hopkins said there were about 1500 homes available to rent in Christchurch. Tenants were educated and wanted good homes with smoke alarms and insulation, they said.
"We are seeing tenants looking for longer terms now – sometimes 18 months or a year. There's a cost to moving and if they find the right property, they want to make the best of it."
Even with fewer tenants to go around, most landlords would still not take unsuitable tenants, Hopkins said.
Quotable Value (QV) figures reveal the cheapest suburbs to find a house are Linwood/Phillipstown with a median weekly rent of $300, followed by Addington at $312 and Richmond/Avonside and the eastern central city at $320. Dearest are Ilam/Westburn at $455, Redcliffs/Sumner and Halswell/Wigram at $450, and Avonhead/Yaldhurst at $440.
The cheapest places to find a flat are Richmond/Avonside and eastern central city, where the median flat rent is $280.
QV's figures also show landlords in some suburbs are making as little as 3 per cent a year, before tax, on investments. Capital gains would boost these returns, although property values have not risen for over a year. QV valuer Daryl Taggart said the lack of capital gains could influence landlords' plans.
"Couple this with a continuing reduction in rental returns over the last 18 months and investors will be looking at their bottom line," they said.
"My husband's workers were going on a break, and they discovered it," said Dalien Delafosse-Brooks.Watch reportIt's hard to see at first, but once spotted, it's hard not to look. A rope with what appeared to be a noose at the end was seen hanging from a tree. Two Ks were also on the tree.The symbols were found recently, and residents said they want to know how they got there."Somebody has to be held accountable. We have a multitude of races and ethnic backgrounds of people, and somebody needs to do something," Delafosse-Brooks said. Them family runs one of the only black farms in Plaquemines.The rope appeared just behind a trailer park where many Latino farmworkers live."It's offensive to all other races. Not just African-Americans, but to everybody," Delafosse Brooks said.Not far from where the rope was hanging, there was another message. "White power" was written on the side of a levee.A representative for the Plaquemines Parish Sheriff's Office said they were made aware of the situation Monday.Pictures were taken, and an investigation began. Deputies have also been in touch with the FBI. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!13484466
"My husband's workers were going on a break, and they discovered it," said Dalien Delafosse-Brooks.
Watch report
Advertisement
It's hard to see at first, but once spotted, it's hard not to look. A rope with what appeared to be a noose at the end was seen hanging from a tree. Two Ks were also on the tree.
The symbols were found recently, and residents said they want to know how they got there.
"Somebody has to be held accountable. We have a multitude of races and ethnic backgrounds of people, and somebody needs to do something," Delafosse-Brooks said.
Them family runs one of the only black farms in Plaquemines.
The rope appeared just behind a trailer park where many Latino farmworkers live.
"It's offensive to all other races. Not just African-Americans, but to everybody," Delafosse Brooks said.
Not far from where the rope was hanging, there was another message. "White power" was written on the side of a levee.
A representative for the Plaquemines Parish Sheriff's Office said they were made aware of the situation Monday.
Pictures were taken, and an investigation began. Deputies have also been in touch with the FBI.
Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
AlertMe
It's almost that time! The excitement, the drama, the sleepless preparations are mounting and our hearts all beat a little faster with each passing day. What are you excited about? The fire, the art, the art on fire? Not me. This time of year, people like me and Nathan Aaron Heller (not pictured) can only think about one thing: trash.
Nathan volunteers their time to organize EXTRA, the network of trash drop-off points stretching from Gerlach to Reno to Cedarville. As one-man shows go, EXTRA is a big job, and it makes a big difference: instead of carting your cans and rinds all the way home, you can now drop them off and help support local businesses.
Who wouldn't be excited about that? Hot trash! Love it!
So how does it work?
Just sort your recyclables and bag your trash, and take them to one of the drop-off points. It's probably best to find a place that's not overcrowded — Highway 447 in particular can be a pretty amazing traffic jam — so, if the road is busy, head for one of the spots in Reno or Sparks. Many of them are even open 24 hours during the height of Exodus.
What can I drop off?
Everything but poop. I'm serious folks (and not sure why I need to tell you this), no excrement.
There are drop-off points for bicycles, plastics (SPI 1-5), glass, all metals, paper, cardboard, plastic bags, household batteries (rechargeable and disposable), and nonperishable food and water. Please have your recyclables as clean as playa possible, sorted and de-bagged before depositing into the appropriate containers. Please deposit your trash separately into the appropriate dumpsters.
Phew! Well, I'm all worn out from the excitement. Talking about trash just makes my day. If you want to know more (and really, who doesn't?), you'll find complete information in your survival guide.
This is The Hun, live and trashy, signing out.
Facebook's Oculus virtual reality unit has moved on from its founder, Palmer Luckey, but that doesn't mean that the guy who literally kickstarted the modern VR space is done thinking about the future of VR.
In an interview with Japan's MoguraVR, translated and surfaced by Road to VR, Luckey talks about the current state of VR and augmented reality (AR) at length. But things get really interesting when they mention what they think is the best cinematic representation of AR currently available.
SEE ALSO: The future of Nike design looks amazing in this concept video
"The best portrayal of AR can be found in [the movie] Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale," said Luckey. "At the moment most AR devices are just about displaying HUD. On the other hand, the AR technology that appears in the theatrical version of SAO is closer to MR [mixed reality], and builds a virtual world based on reality."
The film, based on a series of Japanese Young Adult novels (called "light novels" in Japan) is set in the near future and depicts gamers who use a non-invasive brain interface called an Augma to engage in AR environments while competing in a massively multiplayer online role-playing game called Ordinal Scale. As with a lot of anime, despite the deceptively cute illustration style, the plot is high concept.
But is this really our AR future? If the founder of Oculus thinks so, it's at least worth taking a look at this glimpse of what might be our AR immersive reality in coming years.
A cautionary note for those wanting to oppose Singer: A source familiar with the arrangements told me that Singer has already made a "major commitment" and cut substantial checks to outside groups to support the president's tax reform push.
Why this matters: Bannon spoke to Trump shortly after the New York Times broke the news that a Singer-funded conservative website first paid for anti-Trump research by the firm, Fusion GPS, that later produced the infamous Russia dossier. The dossier alleges that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence the 2016 presidential election. It also contains unsubstantiated sexual allegations.
A source close to Singer said the billionaire had no idea who Fusion GPS was until they became a subject of news reports related to Trump and Russia. Though the source added that of course Singer generally knew — and it was public knowledge — that the website they fund, the Washington Free Beacon, paid for opposition research.
Free Beacon editors told the NYT the outlet had nothing to do with the dossier that the Clinton campaign funded.
Since the story broke, the president has told several people they view the NYT revelations as a "win" for Republicans because they show that only Democrats and the Clinton campaign paid for the controversial dossier, produced by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele.
Trump's tweets this morning reinforce that message: "Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier..."
In their Friday phone call, Bannon told Trump they had been looking for a long time "to set things right with Singer and their entire crew," according to a source familiar with the conversation.Since the NYT story broke, Bannon's right-wing media outlet, Breitbart News, has been relentlessly attacking Singer and calling on politicians who've taken money from them to return the donations.Background: Trump loathed Singer during the campaign, when the billionaire was a lead financier of the "Never Trump" movement. But the two made up earlier this year, and Singer has been financially very helpful since Trump won the presidency. They donated $1 million to Trump's inauguration and has supported various administration efforts including funding the successful outside campaign to back the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.Bottom line: Bannon has long despised Singer. In Bannon's worldview, Singer belongs to a "globalist" cabal that favors open borders and includes other bogeymen and bogeywomen such as George Soros and Hillary Clinton. It's also helpful to Bannon that Singer has close ties Mitch McConnell — the Senate GOP leader whom Bannon is obsessed with destroying.Based on my reporting so far, however, I'd be surprised if Trump publicly joins the fight against one of the most important donors in Republican politics.
FORT ST. JOHN (NEWS 1130) – It's touted as the largest clean energy project in North America, but a new report out of the University of British Columbia suggests the Site C dam being built in northeastern BC should be suspended or even cancelled altogether.
“We looked at the economics of Site C, using updated information produced by BC Hydro submitted to the BC Utilities Commission,” explains Dr. Karen Bakker, director of UBC's Program on Water Governance and lead author of the report. “That updated data gives a really different picture of where Site C is at with respect to the business case. We thought it's really important that people are aware that it has weakened significantly since Site C was approved.”
Bakker says BC Hydro's forecasts for future power demand have gone down over the last five years along with export market prices.
“Especially in the US, and they are forecast to stay low,” they tell NEWS 1130, adding that prices for alternatives to hydroelectric power, such as wind power, have also dropped significantly. “Site C is now a very expensive option for the province. We would have to sell surplus energy — and Site C would be 100 per cent surplus when it's commissioned — at a loss on export markets. We came to the conclusion, looking over 10 different scenarios, that it makes the most economic sense to suspend or cancel Site C while the project is referred to the BC Utilities Commission.”
The report quotes BC Hydro's own forecasts, which Bakker says predict Site C power will remain in surplus for almost a decade after the project is completed.
“The export markets on which that surplus energy must be sold are currently not priced very favourably. We would have to subsidize Site C energy to export it, and our analysis is that there would be losses in the order of several hundred million [dollars] and potentially over $1 billion. That's in addition to the more than $8 billion construction cost.”
BC Liberal Leader Christy Clark, campaigning about Site C, was asked about their thoughts on the report and they seemed to shrug off the findings. “I guess I would say to those experts, ‘When do they think we should build Site C? After we need the electricity? After it's too late? Should we start building it 11 years from now or nine years from now?”
.@christyclarkbc campaigning in #SurreyBC, talking up the Site C dam project, saying it's the “only way” to achieve long term energy goals pic.twitter.com/YLL61RptkN — Kurtis Doering (@KDnewsguy) April 19, 2017
However, Bakker feels that given the updated data that a BCUC is review is “absolutely necessary” and that cancelling or suspending Site C would save the province an estimated $500 million to $1.65 billion.
“The review is imperative given that this the largest infrastructure project of a generation so the risks, if we get it wrong, are high,” they add. “The good news is that we are not past the economic point of no return. We actually have a great opportunity to do a non-partisan, common sense, sober second-thought analysis and it's really critical for the province to do that at this time.”
BC Hydro's Site C project on the Peace River will be the first large dam built in BC since 1984 and BC's fourth largest producer of electricity. It's due to start producing 5100 GWh of power annually after its planned completion in 2024.
Image caption Gui Minhai appeared on Chinese TV in January appearing to confess to a drink driving incident
Four of the five missing Hong Kong booksellers have appeared on Chinese TV, saying they have been detained for "illegal book trading" on the mainland.
The men said they had sold 4,000 "unauthorised" books to 380 customers in mainland China, Phoenix TV reported.
The five men, who disappeared late last year, worked at a publishing house that sold books critical of China's leaders.
Some people in Hong Kong believe they were detained by China because of a book about President Xi Jinping.
Four of the men from Mighty Current publishing house, Gui Minhai, Lui Bo, Lam Wingkei and Cheung Jiping, gave details of their alleged offences during their appearance on Phoenix TV (in Chinese) on Sunday.
Public confessions have long been a part of China's criminal law, but experts say many confessions are forced.
'Good attitude'
Mr Gui, a Swedish national, said they had concealed the books in bags to "evade" customs and was identified by the other detainees as having been in charge of the operation.
Mr Lui said: "I have deeply reflected on what I have done and very much regret the illegal book trading I have carried out with Gui Minhai."
Meanwhile, Mr Lam said the books' content had been "fabricated".
"They were downloaded from the Internet, and were pieced together from magazines. They have generated lots of rumours in society and brought a bad influence."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Xi Nuo: "I'm responsible for this... the booksellers are innocent"
US-based writer: "I'm responsible for the book"
Mr Lam, Mr Lui and Mr Cheung had shown a "good attitude" by confessing and might be allowed to return to Hong Kong this week while they await trial, Phoenix TV said, citing police sources.
However, Mr Gui was expected to remain in China. They had appeared on Chinese TV in January saying they voluntarily handed themselves over to the authorities over a fatal drink-driving incident more than a decade ago.
The Swedish foreign ministry said an envoy had visited Mr Gui and said their condition was "very good".
Lee Bo not shown
The fifth detainee, British national Lee Bo, who disappeared from Hong Kong in December, was not shown.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Lee Bo's disappearance sparked an international outcry
The Phoenix TV report said Mr Bo had voluntarily handed themselves over to the mainland authorities to assist in the investigation.
However, their travel document was found in Hong Kong after their disappearance and the Hong Kong authorities said they had no record of theirs having crossed into the mainland.
The UK has said Mr Bo was probably "involuntarily removed" to China, calling it a "serious breach" of the handover treaty that undermined the principle of "One Country, Two Systems".
Under Hong Kong law, Chinese police do not have jurisdiction in the territory.
The case has sparked international concern that China could be attempting to rein in freedom of expression in Hong Kong.
However, China's foreign ministry has said its officials would not behave illegally, and urged other countries not to meddle in its affairs.
Mighty Current publishing house disappearances
1. Lui Bo, General Manager, goes missing in Shenzhen, 15 October
2. Cheung Jiping, business manager, 32, goes missing in Dongguan, 15 October
3. Gui Minhai, co-owner, 51, goes missing in Thailand, 17 October
4. Lam Wingkei, manager, 60, last seen in Hong Kong, 23 October
5. Lee Bo, shareholder, 65, goes missing in Hong Kong, 30 December
Country:
Italy - Once named Enotria for its abundant vineyards, Italy (thanks to the ancient Greeks and Romans) has had an enormous impact on the wine world. From the shores of Italy, the Romans brought grapes and their winemaking techniques to North Africa, Spain and Portugal, Germany, France, the Danube Valley, the Middle East and even England. Modern Italy, which didn't actually exist as a country until the 1870s, once produced mainly simple, everyday wine. It wasn't until the 1970s that Italy began the change toward quality. The 1980s showed incredible efforts and a lot of experimentation. The 1990s marked the real jump in consistent quality, including excellence in many Regions that had been indistinct for ages. The entire Italian peninsula is seeing a winemaking revolution and is now one of the most exciting wine Region in the world.
Brett wrote this in response to my post: http://imperfectlife.net/gastric-bypass-wls-and-divorce/
First, let me tell you a little of my background. When I was growing up I always felt like I was chubby. I was the kid that wore the “husky” sized pants and had a little pooch of a stomach. I would always (and still do) tug on my shirt when I sat down because I didn't like that it would hug my midsection, highlighting the pooch. I was always self-conscious about my size even though, looking back, I wasn't that big. I never got made fun of for being the fat kid, in fact I was pretty well liked in grade school. Girls even used to argue over who got to wear my jacket when they were cold in class, and once, in 4th grade, I even had a little present left on my desk full of love notes from a secret admirer (which I promptly threw away in embarrassment, probably causing irreparable damage to some poor girl's psyche who now has all kinds of issues with men…I was clueless about girls back then). When I got into high school, I spent one year playing football. While I didn't really like playing the sport, it taught me how to lift weights. For most of my high school career, I was in decent shape. Then I moved to Indiana when I was 20. This was not a smart move because I was moving for a girl who had decided to move back home without me (I was still clueless about girls). It was about halfway through this 6-year sentence where I really started to pack on the pounds.
With little money (which you may know makes it very difficult to eat healthy), a food-truck at work serving oil-soaked fat in a sugar solution (they called it “meatloaf-dinner”) which I ate every day, and Wendy's or Long John Silvers (three-piece chicken dinners) every night, which we had to do because our gas had been shut off and we couldn't cook, I went from about 230 pounds to over 330 lbs. Eventually my sentence was commuted (she moved out of my house and into the house of their online-husband in New York…long story, remind me to tell you sometime, you'll cringe) and I moved home to Arizona. Living with mom, I had a job and few bills, so I ate out at work every day…at restaurants…ordering dinner-sized meals. During this time I eventually met Andrea and they decided they really liked me so we moved in together. Around this time I was about 350 pounds. We were both fat and we bonded over food. We ate fast food almost every night, we went out to eat, we snacked and ate junk. By the time we had our own house in NC I was up to 362 pounds.This was the heaviest I ever got. Through various diets and lifestyle changes I eventually got down to where I am now, hovering around 320. Andrea, though, had grown to 320, and they decided to have gastric bypass surgery. And that's what I want to talk about here.
When they first told me that they were planning on having weight loss surgery (WLS) I was not exactly thrilled with the decision. My first issue was that surgery of any type can be dangerous. I was scared of complications, I was afraid they would die on the table, I was afraid they would be in pain, I was afraid it wouldn't work and that they were gain all their weight back and had put themselves through all this for nothing. Those are all real and legitimate fears, but I was also afraid for us. They were going to change their lives dramatically and I was not. What if they get skinny, I stay fat, and they decide not to be married to the fat guy anymore? What if they find somebody that can go zip-lining in Costa Rica, which I can't do because those all have weight restrictions, and decides they are the actual love of their life? What if they look at me and only sees their former miserable self from their old fat life and they decide they can't be connected to that old life anymore? In other words, WLS will change their relationship to food, will it change their relationship to me too? The answer is: yes.
Guys, if you're reading this hoping against hope that your significant other's surgery won't change things between you, then I'm sorry. Things are going to be different, and if your situation is similar to mine, it's going to be hard.
You are going to feel left behind: Last year we could talk about how exciting life could be if we were skinny, how we might go hiking, or white-water rafting, or roller-coaster riding. Today they can do all that, I can't
You are going to lose things in common: Andrea and I used to be able to commiserate about our weight-loss failures over a pizza or bowl of ice cream, now they don't have that failure, so there is no commiserating, there is only their sympathy over my continued fatness.
Your relationship with food will change: If you are the chef in your house, you will have to cook for a WLS patient. If you are not the chef, then the menu just changed. Unless you each cook for yourselves, you're not going to be eating the same dinners you are used to.
You are going to feel guilty: Every time I take a bite of food that doesn't work in favor of my weight loss (skittles, chips, etc) I feel guilty for not trying harder, for not trying to get into better shape for my almost-skinny wife. Every bite I take feels like it is putting myself one step closer to divorce.
You are going to feel fat: Seeing somebody that is fit is a tough reminder that you are fat. Have you ever sat next to a skinny person on an airplane? Now imagine that every day, but on your couch at home.
You are going to feel like a failure: Unless you are one of those people with a super metabolism, you are going to lose weight slowly. You are going to lose a couple of pounds in a month while your SO sheds pounds every week. This is going to make you feel like a failure, even though you know, you know you are doing fine with your 1-2 pounds per week. You lose perspective on normal weight-loss and it makes it hard to celebrate your 1 pound victory when your spouse just celebrated 5 pounds.
You will get sick of talking about food: This one might be more unique to me, I'm not really sure. In our house, food and exercise are some of the only topics we discuss. My wife is absolutely obsessed with them (she has a website and a Facebook group and everything!). They are their favorite subject. They are not, however, my favorite subject. I like to talk about school and cars and rockets and space and science. These are not their favorite subjects. I already feel like I'm pushing them towards divorce by being fat, so I talk about food and exercise. I try to break into my subjects where possible, but they just tunes out and starts reading Facebook, where everybody in the group is talking about food and fitness (wow, so this point got a little out of control…what were we talking about again?). Anyway, if you aren't food obsessed, be prepared to fake it.
So those are of the things I've experienced as a SOoaWLSP (Significant Other of a Weight Loss Surgery Patient). Maybe your experiences will be different, maybe they will be worse, maybe they will be nothing like this. If so, interesting, sorry, or awesome (depending on which one you have). What I can tell you is that this type of change is not necessarily bad. I know of some friends that either got divorced, or came close to it, because of WLS, and I know that it has put a strain on my marriage (pretty sure we're going to be fine), but I also know of marriages that withstood the change without issue. I think it's all in how you approach the changes, because really, when you look at my situation, I'm fat because I am a carboholic who eats too much. I have a very bad relationship with food. Andrea's WLS has changed the food in our house, it has changed how I look at dinner, it has changed how I look at exercise. I've reduced my portions, I've stopped eating fast food regularly, I've reduced my carb intake (in fact right now, I'm on a ketogenic diet eating less than 50 carbs per day), and I've got a plan in motion. Am I doing this because I am afraid if I don't I might get divorced? Partially, sure. But I'm also doing it because I want to be fit and I want to go do stuff with my wife. I want us to share in those experiences instead of me hearing about them after they get home.
It's hard being a SOoaWLSP, but if you embrace the changes it will bring on your life you might find you have a much better relationship, both with food and your significant other, in the end. Good luck 🙂
Video Follow Up Brett and Andrea on WLS and Divorce
The majority of Scots voted against secession. Was that good or bad? I dunno. But I want to discuss, briefly, whether we should see this as a gain or loss of freedom in any meaningful sense.
Some libertarians–by which I mean a bunch of Facebook friends, at least–seem reflexively to view secession movements in terms of freedom. The Scots seceding from the UK would mean they are in charge of their own destiny, rather than being outvoted by the damn English.
But let's not anthropomorphize Scotland. The Scots are not one person, nor are they a big family. They are a bunch of strangers who don't much care about each other, and who have different ends, ideas, and goals. They are not a tribe with real solidarity and real common bonds.
In the abstract, secession just means replacing one democratic body with a different one. It's switching one government for a different one. Individuals within those bodies remain basically powerless regardless. Their lives might become better or worse. They might end up having more freedom or less. But whether they gain greater freedom isn't an automatic result of their seceding, but rather just a question of what the new government chooses to do (or not do).
Suppose there were a big secessionist movement in the American South. Suppose a majority of Southerners wanted to leave the Union and establish a new, mild theocracy, Jesusland. Suppose they held a referendum, and the Jesusland initiative won. Suppose that, as a result, Northern Virginia (which is not the South, by the way–the South doesn't begin until you get past Fredericksburg) is made to leave the union. What would this mean for me (or Chris, or Mike)? Would we be any freer? For me, all it means that the majority of the eligible voters who live South of me scratched some boxes on some paper, and as a result, rather than being ruled by the American electorate and its leaders, I am ruled by Jesusland's electorate and their leaders. It means I'd have to stand in longer lines and deal with more tax forms when I give guest lectures at other universities.
I think the question of secession thus is rarely about the “freedom of peoples to have self-rule” or anything like that, because the idea that you form a coherent “people” with 4.5 million strangers is almost always a silly, bullshit, childish idea. Nations are a mythology, and a crappy, dangerous one at that, unlike the mythology of Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny.
The main question for secession is just: is this likely to result in better quality government, government that more closely tracks the objective truth about justice and the right ends of government?
Two days in. Lots of column inches. But what will it all mean for the future? Some embarrassment, a scalp or two, then business as usual? Or meaningful change?
Corbyn is right. We could, if we wanted to, compel ‘our' tax havens to deliver transparency. This excellent Global Witness piece gives specific examples of a number of recent instances where we have legislated directly and against the will of British Overseas Territories.
Some writers assert that, somehow, tax is different from those examples. But there's little to support those assertions. If you accept that you can cross the rubicon for one purpose it's difficult to sustain an argument you can't cross it for some other.
So, why don't we?
It's neither attractive nor, to me, plausible to suggest that the Conservatives are indifferent to the moral quality of the actions of those who avoid or evade tax – or those who facilitate it, be they professionals or tax havens. It is certainly true that the revelations so far have revealed a preponderance of individuals with some connection to the Conservative Party. But there is a natural and plausible explanation for this.
There is an almost perfect correlation between being an offshore tax avoider or evader and being wealthy. That correlation follows from the considerable costs of establishing and maintaining an offshore structure. There is also a correlation – less close but still – between being wealthy and voting Conservative. Accept the logic of these propositions and you avoid the need to impute anyone with a moral ugliness that experience tells me is a rarity, on any part of the political spectrum.
The explanation, I think, is more likely to be found in the Conservatives' assessment of what the public interest demands, both here and in those Overseas Territories.
A substantial part of the City is engaged in the servicing of the global wealthy. We have ceased to be the holders of wealth and have instead become their butlers. The City is, when it doesn't fall over at least, a huge contributor to the financial health of the UK. All of these poses a quandary: how much ugliness should we tolerate sustaining or even increase that contribution?
I don't want to answer that question, yet at least. I just want to pose it. What price our moral principles?
So far as our tax havens are concerned, the picture is much the same.
Tax havens compete on a variety of criteria.
Some of these carry no moral component: political stability, language, proximity, sophistication of service, legal familiarity, judicial independence.
But some do: transparency (more is less) and opacity (less is more). And a whole variety of soft factors: what quality of information will local financial services professionals demand for compliance procedures, how quickly and enthusiastically will local tax authorities respond to requests for information from overseas tax authorities, how vigilant will they be when it comes to updating registers, what is their reputation with the tax authorities of real countries and so on.
Sophisticated players in the market will have a keen sense of where the various tax havens rest amidst this competitive ecology.
Disrupt that ecology and – this will be the Conservatives' fear – you will kill the tax haven. It will cease to enjoy the position it did in the market and whatever wealth that position delivered to the population of the haven will be lost. What is the point of doing this when other tax havens continue?
The net gain to morality will be nil.
This will be the unspoken logic of the Conservative Party which bears the burden – so long as it remains in Government – of having to make hard decisions.
And this logic is, it seems to me, perfect. But also very limited.
Because collectively tax havens serve no useful purpose.
Their aggregate effect on the global economy is huge – and hugely negative. They disrupt the ability of Governments to achieve political ends through diplomatic means. They permit criminals to enjoy the fruits of their crimes. They enable to be hidden from the eyes of the electorate that which it should know. They facilitate the theft of public assets by public figures for private gain. And, of course, they diminish our Governments' treasuries to the benefit of a wealthy few.
These factors are profoundly compelling.
And their presence – and their effects – has blighted our societies for decades, and will linger. It will linger for so long as Governments fail to demonstrate leadership.
The perfect logic that I described above I also described as limited. It is limited because it prefers the modest short term gains from protecting the contingent revenue streams of small haven economies to the substantial long term gains from tackling these profoundly negative effects.
Let me, against the background of that discursion, return to the question with which I started.
Where is the story going? Will we see meaningful change?
The electorate wants what looks to it like justice. But, or at least this is my view, politicians are apt to underestimate the strength of that desire for ‘justice'. And inclined, also, to underestimate the price the electorate will pay to have it.
The Conservatives are not ignorant of this public desire, of course. And they have a record – not unblemished but nor unimpressive – of tackling personal tax avoidance.
But on tackling evasion, I cannot claim to be optimistic about what the Government will do.
There is incontrovertible evidence of profound under-resourcing of HMRC. And the the appointment of Edward Troup, a civil servant's civil servant, as Lin Homer's replacement does not signal a desire to change HMRC's culture so as to prioritise the signal banging up of one or two upper middle class tax evaders. The rhetoric, of course, thrills. But the evidence is that the reality will fall some ways short.
But will we force our tax havens to up their game?
Here, too, I do not expect meaningful change. We will hear, again, the rhetoric designed to quieten the mob outdoors. But I do not believe the Conservatives' instinct to preserve the status quo will change.
I do not think the mob will swallow what the Government would have it eat. We will continue to see the absence of delivery and not be distracted by the rhetoric. But this, of itself, will not deliver change.
The real value of stories like this is that they raise the political price of inaction. But for so long as Labour is not, electorally speaking, at the races the Conservatives can pay that higher price. The power of the electorate to compel change is dispersed by an absence of threat. The conservative instinct will prevail.
Stand back from all of this. Where are we?
The nature of the revelations – both their huge scale and their intimate detail, the quality of the names, the size of the sums, the ugliness of the conduct – cannot but take us a further step along a long road. But, without viable political challenge, I regret that I do not see meaningful change immediately ahead.
Scholars have estimated that, prior to the ‘discovery' of the Americas by Europeans, the pre-contact era population could have been as high as 100 million people. American anthropologist and ethnohistorian Henry F. Dobyns, most known for their published research on American Indians and Hispanic peoples in Latin and North America, estimated that more than one hundred and twelve million people inhabited the Americas prior to European arrival. They approximated that ten million alone inhabited an area north of the Rio Grande before European contact. In 1983, they revised that number to upwards of eighteen million. (source)(source)(source)
It's also important to note that other scholars have estimated the number to be as low as ten million, and everything in between. For example, William M. Denovan, Professor Emeritus of Geography at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, believes there were approximately fifty four million inhabitants. (source)
The important point to take from this is that there were already a lot of people inhabiting the Americas prior to European contact. People that were advanced, with extensive knowledge of medicine, the cosmos, and much more.
What happened when “first contact” transpired? A massive decline of the indigenous population, that's what. It's one of, if not the, most dramatic declines of population in the known history of our planet.
The number of Native Americans quickly shrank by roughly half right after European contact. This alarming transformation is attributed to disease, warfare, enslavement (Indian slave trade), and a disruption of the social systems of the indigenous, all of which had devastating effects on the populations that inhabited the Americas. (source)
Think about this for a moment. A population which was somewhere in the range of ten million to a possible one hundred million people shrank to a few hundred thousand by 1900…
This was, as many scholars believe, nothing short of an extermination, which we can attribute to various causes. David Stannard, American historian and Professor of American Studies at the University of Hawaii, reveals in their work that the native people were caught between imported plagues and barbarous atrocities, which resulted in the annihilation of 95 percent of their populations. In their book American Holocaust, they ask what kind of people would do such horrendous things to others. They and many others emphasize that the perpetrators of the American Holocaust drew on the same ideologies as would later the architects of the Nazi Holocaust. (source)
It doesn't seem like things have changed much at all. Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the Catholic Church had completely taken over Europe, wielding their power to control both people and ideas. There was no seperation of Church and state, as all citizens were required to abide by the rules and beliefs of the church. If not, they were deemed outlaws and heretics, and were even hunted and killed. This type of activity and “brainwashing,” so to speak, can be traced back all the way to ancient Rome, and all the way forward into our very recent history. Its influence can be seen in the mass brainwashing and manipulation of our minds today. This point is also made clear by Stannard.
In Canada, for example, “residential schools” were set up all over the country. These were government-sponsored religious schools established to assimilate aboriginal children into Euro-Canadian culture, a culture that was made by the ruling elite for everyone else to “fit” into. This system originated in France not long after the arrival of the Europeans into the Americas, and was originally conceived by Christian churches and the Canadian government to educate (brainwash) and convert aboriginal youth and to integrate them into Canadian society.
But was that the real purpose?
When I say Canadian government, I mean the Department of Mining and Natural Resources. In the 1930s, the principals of the residential schools were made the legal guardians of all native children, ripping them away from their parents under the oversight of the Department of Mines and Resources. All parents were forced to surrender legal custody of their children to a principal or a church employee, or face imprisonment. A few years later, “Indian Affairs” was taken over by the Federal Government's Citizenship and Immigration Office. (source)(source)(source)
Children were killed, abused, and raped at these schools. They were also subjected to nutritional experiments by the federal government in the 1940s and the 1950s, and were used as medical test subjects as well. Many of these victims and their bodies have vanished without a trace.
Apart from the massive genocide that killed millions, the residential school program itself is considered to be a genocide. Below are three statements that shed light on the harsh reality of what went on:
“I was just eight, and they'd shipped us down from the Anglican residential school in Alert Bay to the Nanaimo Indian Hospital, the one run by the United Church. They kept me isolated in a tiny room there for more than three years, like I was a lab rat, feeding me these pills, giving me shots that made me sick. Two of my cousins made a big fuss, screaming and fighting back all the time, so the nurses gave them shots, and they both died right away. It was done to silence them.” – Jasper Jospeh, a sixty four year old native man from British Columbia, speaking while their eyes filled with tears. (source) “We do know that there were research initiatives that were conducted with regard to medicines that were used ultimately to treat the Canadian population. Some of those medicines were tested in aboriginal communities and residential schools before they were utilized publicly.” – Chief Wilton Littlechild of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. (source) “We believe that what's already been exposed represents only a fraction of the full, true and tragic history of the residential schools. There are no doubt more revelations buried in the archives.” – Assembly of First Nations Regional Chief Bill Erasmus (source)
Aboriginal people in Canada, in our very recent history, were deliberately killed, and this has been confirmed by eyewitness testimony, documents, government records, and statements of Indian agents and tribal elders. Some estimate the mortality rate in residential schools to be upwards of fifty percent. We are talking about more than 50,000 native children across Canada, possibly more. (source)
The massive genocidal campaign that started hundreds of years ago has continued until this very day. And the fact that this system operated under legal and structural conditions which encouraged, aided, and abetted murder is disturbing to say the least.
Keep in mind, these horrors were perpetrated in Canada; one can only imagine what went on in the United States and South America. So much of our history is hidden from us. The United States alone classifies more than 500 million pages of documents each year. For a historian looking to examine and preserve the history of their nation, how are they supposed to do this when most of their history is being kept hidden or even deliberately altered?
Concluding Comments & Why This Information Is So Relevant
Our recent history has shown us that there was a major genocide in Canada – a deliberate mass murder of the indigenous populations by the ruling elite in order to take over their land and its resources and establish their dominance, just as the same group of elite was doing all over the world. This is very recent history, and the brainwashing/assimilation campaign of all people (not just indigenous) continues today. The world has become extremely “Americanized.” Through mass marketing and assimilation tactics, we have been manipulated into leading the same lives and following the same path. This “plan” of “world dominance” and global takeover seems to have started hundreds, if not thousands, of years ago and has extended itself all the way to the present day.
So what can we do now? We can listen to the message of the core of indigenous cultures that occupied this land before we did. It's time for us to return to our roots, and stop destroying the planet as we have been for so many years. If we don't choose to change now, it does not look like we will be moving forward.
It is this type of message which we should take from our recent, ugly history. Messages about love, respect, oneness, our connection to mother Earth and our spiritual heritage… among other things.
We are part of Creation, thus, if we break the laws of Creation we destroy ourselves. We, the Original Caretakers of Mother Earth, have no choice but to follow and uphold the Original Instructions, which sustains the continuity of Life. We recognize our umbilical connection to Mother Earth and understand that they are the source of life, not a resource to be exploited. We speak on behalf of all Creation today, to communicate an urgent message that man has gone too far, placing us in the state of survival. We warned that one day you would not be able to control what you have created. That day is here. Not heeding warnings from both Nature and the People of the Earth keeps us on the path of self destruction. This self destructive path has led to the Fukushima nuclear crisis, Gulf oil spill, tar sands devastation, pipeline failures, impacts of carbon dioxide emissions and the destruction of ground water through hydraulic fracking, just to name a few. In addition, these activities and developments continue to cause the deterioration and destruction of sacred places and sacred waters that are vital for Life. – Chief Looking Horse (you can view a video of them making this statement here)
Hasan Minhaj's Patriot Act on student loan debt In their latest show last night, they looked at the massive amounts of debt students accrue in the US when… From: Mano Singham
Jacob Wohl: In the running for dumbest person on the internet Fresh off their trip to make up lies about Minneapolis, Jacob Wohl crawled back under the rock they came from,… From: Pharyngula
“Oh, Isn't that nice!” Ivanka Trump was asked for their response to the Green New Deal. The poster child for being born with a… From: Mano Singham
Growing pressure in support of the Green New Deal The Green New Deal is drawing more support as it becomes better known and is generating activism. Eoin Higgins writes… From: Mano Singham
I Like Politicians That Are Funny, Not Stumbling Sociopaths One of my many secret vices is NPR's Wait Wait Don't Tell Me! A few episodes ago [npr] they had… From: Stderr
We can only hope that they are right Cliff Sims used to work in the White House for the Trump administration and like so many others, is trying… From: Mano Singham
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez reduces income inequality among their staff They has has set a living wage minimum of $52,000 per year for their staff and a $15 per hour… From: Mano Singham
The economics of the Green New Deal The Green New Deal plan proposed jointly by member of congress Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and senator Ed Markey has been attacked not only… From: Mano Singham
One more Wohlism Do you know why Minnesota is overrun with jihadists? Do you? DO YOU? https://twitter.com/JacobAWohl/status/1099349803732004864 Chevys with bumper stickers, that's why.… From: Pharyngula
Obama's Approval Numbers Back In The Basement
The President's winter polling bounce is gone, and he's looking vulnerable again.
Doug Mataconis · · 14 comments
After experiencing a bounce in their job approval numbers in January after the lame duck session of Congress and the shootings in Tucson, Arizona, President Obama finds themselves losing public support once again:
President Barack Obama's approval rating and prospects for reelection have plunged to all-time lows in a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday. Half of the registered voters surveyed for the poll think that the president does not deserve a second term in office, while 41 percent say they do. In another Quinnipiac poll released just four weeks ago, 45 percent said the president did not deserve reelection, while 47 percent said they did. The decline in support for a second Obama term comes as their approval rating has dropped 4 percentage points since early March, landing at 42 percent – a record low – in the poll released Wednesday. Their disapproval rating has risen from 46 percent to 48 percent.
The downward trend isn't limited to just one poll, as Obama finds themselves down across the board:
Perhaps of more concern to the White House, though, is a new Gallup poll that shows increasing public doubt about the President's ability as a leader:
PRINCETON, NJ — Americans have grown increasingly less likely to view President Obama as a strong and decisive leader since they took office. Roughly half now believe this aptly describes, them compared with 60% a year ago and 73% in April 2009. These results are based on a March 25-27 Gallup poll, conducted just before Obama's widely covered speech on U.S. military action in Libya on Monday night. The decline in Obama's leadership rating stands in contrast to the stability in the trend for two other personal dimensions. Fifty-seven percent of Americans believe the president understand the problems Americans face in their daily lives, essentially unchanged from 56% in March 2010. And 51% of respondents believe Obama shares their values, similar to 48% last year. Both ratings are down from early 2009.
As John Podhoretz notes, this last number is particularly surprising given the fact that it comes at a time when the President is sending American forces into military conflict, an act which, even if one disagrees with the particular decision, tends to at least give the impression that they are a strong and decisive leader. Of course, any “rally round the flag” bump that Obama would normally expect in these situations is likely discounted by the fact that the public continues to have deep doubts about the mission in Libya, and doesn't believe that the President has adequately explained what our mission there is:
The public is about evenly split in a new AP poll, with 48 percent approving and 50 percent disapproving of “U.S. involvement in military actions taken in Libya.” That's about the same as polls from Pew and Gallup reported Monday. The AP poll completed its interviewing on Monday night, when President Obama gave their prime time speech on Libya. At just 13 percent, there is virtually no support for sending ground troops into Libya, in line with earlier polls from CNN and Pew. A poll from Quinnipiac University, also completed on Monday night among registered voters, found varying levels of support with subtle reactions to the timing and ongoing commitment in Libya. A 53 percent majority approve of Obama's decision to use cruise missiles to destroy Libya's air defenses. But beyond that initial approval for limited action, fewer believe a continued commitment is justified. Fully 47 percent say we should not be involved in Libya now, with just 41 percent saying it is the “right thing” for the United States to use military force now.
Additionally, a new Rasmussen Poll shows little change in public opinion on Libya after President Obama's speech on Monday night. This, combined with an economy that still seems to be in limbo and rising energy and food prices, are likely contributing to Obama's decline.
Ed Morrissey notes:
Normally, a military action allows a President an opportunity to demonstrate those leadership qualities. Obama squandered that opportunity by leaving the country without addressing the nation as they sent the American military into a fresh conflict. Their speech ten days later might undo some of that damage, but if it doesn't, Obama is in serious political trouble. Few Presidents win a second term on a 41/50 re-elect number, especially when seem as a weak leader on top of it.
This much is true, but we are still about 19 months from the 2012 elections, and the GOP field still looks like a bunch of dwarfs, so don't count Obama out just yet. With the right circumstances, and the right opponent, though, there's a good chance that Barack Obama could be a one-term President.
Rachael D'Amore and Amara McLaughlin, CTV News Toronto
A disturbing video that shows a mother demanding a “white doctor” who “doesn't have brown teeth” at a Mississauga walk-in clinic is facing widespread backlash online.
Hitesh Bhardwaj was sitting in the waiting room of the Rapid Access to Medical Specialists on Sunday when a woman waiting with their young son started to berate an employee about the doctors working at the time.
Bhardwaj recorded the four-minute incident and posted it to YouTube.
In the video, the woman repeatedly demands that a “white doctor” who “speaks English” treat them son.
A female staff member can be heard telling the woman that they won't be able to see a so-called “white doctor” until 4 p.m.
“So you're saying, in the whole entire building there isn't one white doctor?” the woman, whose identity is blurred in the video, says. “You're telling me that my kid has chest pains and he's going to have to sit here until four o'clock? Can I see a doctor that's white, that doesn't have brown teeth and speaks English?”
The woman proceeds to get up from their chair -- with their young son in tow -- and walks toward the front counter.
As they storm away, other patients sitting in the waiting room suggest that they go to a hospital instead.
“He's sick and their chest is hurting, I don't want to see a doctor who's not white. I would like to see a white doctor and there's no white doctor in this whole entire building,” the woman says to the employee at the counter.
“God, what type of horrible country do I live in? So I want to see somebody else who doesn't have brown teeth and speaks English.”
'It was really shocking'
Bhardwaj, an immigrant from India, said they couldn't believe what they were hearing.
“Seeing it so openly without any fear and in front of so many people, without even fearing that someone can report her, it was really shocking,” they told CTV News Toronto on Monday.
“It was a mixed feeling of being angry and being frustrated. I was disturbed for the rest of the day.”
At one point, a bystander who Bhardwaj describes as a “brave young girl” confronts the perturbed woman about their actions.
“Your child has more issues with you being their mother than them needing to see a doctor,” the bystander in the video says. “You are extremely rude and racist. You want to talk about ‘Paki' people being in a hospital? Maybe you should check yourself in.”
Other people watching the ordeal from the waiting room also start to condemn the woman, but the don't relent.
“You're brown and you're attacking me because I'm white. It's because I'm white,” they say.
“Being white in this country… I should just shoot myself. My kid is part not-white, so can we get somebody to see them that at least speaks English. I spoke in English. We want someone that's Canadian to see him.”
The woman was eventually escorted out of the waiting room without incident.
Police respond to 'disturbance' at clinic
Police were called to the clinic for reports of a “disturbance” shortly after 12:30 p.m. Sunday.
Peel Regional Police spokesperson Const. Mark Fischer said an officer spoke to all involved and afterward the woman's son received treatment by a doctor at the clinic.
The case was closed with no charges laid since no allegations of threats or assaults were brought forward.
The clinic refused to comment on the matter when contacted by CTV News Toronto on Monday.
Woman has history of hurling racial slurs: Neighbours
But two women told CTV News Toronto they recognized the woman in the video right away. They claim they were friends with them up until a few months ago.
“It was because of their racial slurs, they were saying a lot of offensive things,” said one woman who didn't want to be identified. “I have three sons, they are all black, and I didn't want to have that negative person around my kids.”
The other woman said, “I hope they second guesses ever doing that in public again. If you have those feelings leave them at the door when you leave your house.”
CTV News Toronto reached out to the woman in the video for an explanation Tuesday afternoon at their home. They opened the door briefly, but shut it again without answering any questions.
Neighbours in the area say there have been several altercations with the woman, claiming they have called police after they allegedly hurled racist slurs at children.
“She was calling my three and five-year-old brothers the N-word,” a woman who lives nearby said.
Peel Regional Police confirmed they have attended the residence for a neighbour dispute last summer. No charges were laid.
'No place for that kind of behaviour': Wynne
Reaction to the video has spread across social media and the country on Tuesday. The YouTube video, posted Sunday, has since garnered more than 100,000 views.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne also commented on the video.
“I was very shocked,” Wynne said. “There is no place for that kind of behaviour, that kind of racism and hatred, quite frankly, in our society.”
Unless they comply, these organizations face imminent closure and a hefty $50,000 fine. A BPPE spokesperson said these organizations have two weeks to start coming into compliance.
In mid-January, the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE) sent cease and desist letters to Hackbright Academy, Hack Reactor, App Academy, Zipfian Academy, and others. General Assembly confirmed that it began working with BPPE several months ago in order to achieve compliance.
BPPE, a unit in the California Department of Consumer Affairs, is arguing that the bootcamps fall under its jurisdiction and are subject to regulation. BPPE is charged with licensing and regulating postsecondary education in California, including academic as well as vocational training programs. It was created in 2010 by the California Private Postsecondary Education Act of 2009, a bill aimed at providing greater oversight of the more than 1,500 postsecondary schools operating in the state.
These bootcamps have not yet been approved by the BPPE and are therefore being classified as unlicensed postsecondary educational institutions that must seek compliance or be forcibly shut down.
“Our primary goal is not to collect a fine. It is to drive them to comply with the law,” said Russ Heimerich, a spokesperson for BPPE. Heimerich is confident that these companies would lose in court if they attempt to fight BPPE.
Heimerich stressed that these bootcamps merely need to show that they are making steps toward compliance: “As long as they are making a good effort to come into compliance with the law, they fall down low on our triage of problem children. We will work with them to get them licensed and focus on more urgent matters,” Heimerich said.
Jake Schwartz, chief executive of General Assembly, recommended that companies work closely with BPPE. “We see government as a stakeholder — along with our students,” they said in a phone interview.
The coding bootcamps met Wednesday afternoon to plot a course of action.
Anthony Phillips, cofounder of Hack Reactor, said the founders of these bootcamps are not averse to oversight and regulation in principle. ”I would like to be part of a group that creates those standards,” they said in an interview at the Hack Reactor offices in downtown San Francisco. “However, what that looks like and what makes sense for our schools is not necessarily going to fit in the current regulations.”
Phillips' cofounder at Hack Reactor, Shawn Drost, added: “We're taking this seriously, but our legal and policy advisors are confident in a positive and rather conventional outcome.”
In the learn-to-code movement, online schools and in-person courses are springing up to meet a huge need for more developers across a wide range of industries. For a price, these schools offer training in digital skills, such as software development, data science, and user experience design.
The programs typically last 10 to 12 weeks. Potential recruits are often told that they have a shot at a job or internship at a competitive tech company like Facebook or Google. Tuition costs vary widely. At Hackbright Academy, it's $15,000 for a 10 week program. Full scholarships are available, and students who land a job at a company in the Hackbright Academy network can request a partial refund. At Hack Reactor, where tuition costs over $17,000, 99 percent of students are offered a job at companies like Adobe and Google. According to Phillips, the average salary for a computer scientist at these firms is over six figures.
Many of these boot camps have a strong social purpose: They specialize in bringing diversity to the tech sector and in helping underemployed or unemployed Californians find jobs. Hackbright, for instance, specializes in teaching women to code so they can compete for lucrative computer engineering jobs.
These bootcamps claim to be doing something innovative for which BPPE's regulation is not applicable. But BPPE's point of view is different: It is treating them in a similar manner to any other trade school and online education program.
The bootcamps fear that they will go bankrupt as regulatory processes can take up to 18 months.
This isn't the first time that tech startups have clashed with regulators. The battle with BPPE is reminiscent of the FDA's crackdown on 23andMe, which seems to have stemmed from the genetic-testing company's unwillingness to submit its DNA tests for FDA approval. Similarly, Lyft, Uber, and Sidecar have been fighting with transit authorities around the country, with cities arguing that these companies should be regulated as taxi companies.
Startups argue that regulators are holding back innovation; regulators believe that consumer safety and fraud prevention is at stake.
Here's a formal statement to the press from App Academy, Dev Bootcamp, Hackbright Academy, Hack Reactor, and Zipfian Academy:
WASHINGTON—Carefully weighing the pros and cons of their respective ballot measures before casting their votes, citizens in five states are set to decide tomorrow whether to legalize recreational marijuana or continue honoring God, sources confirmed Monday. “Constituents in California, Maine, Massachusetts, Arizona, and Nevada will have the choice tomorrow between advancing their pursuit of a godly life by adhering to Christ's teachings and experiencing the glory of the Heavenly Father's word, or allowing themselves and their neighbors to lawfully smoke marijuana,” said political analyst Kevin Phillips, who explained that while the advantages of passing these measures, such as bolstering the local economy and reducing prison overcrowding, could be substantial, they must be closely compared to the benefits of living in the light of the Divine Creator's everlasting love. “After years of grassroots movements, voters will finally make this momentous choice for themselves: They can either permit adults over the age of 21 to use cannabis without legal consequence, or they can continue living in accordance with They who has made us in Their own image and receiving God's grace forever and ever.” At press time, the latest polls showed that the legalization of recreational marijuana and acceptance of an eternity of hellfire for forsaking the Almighty could potentially pass in all five states.
Michael O'Leary Source: EMPICS Sports Photo Agency
THE SECRETIVE BILDERBERG Group meets in the small Austrian town of Telfs-Buchen today for its annual three-day summit.
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary is heading along for the first time this year – joining the likes of UK Chancellor George Osborne, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, Google boss Eric Schmidt and fellow Irish attendee Peter Sutherland (the former AG and EU Commissioner is a regular guest).
The Bilderberg meetings are usually marked by a tight security presence – and the fact that the events are closed to the public has led to a number of conspiracy theories surrounding the goings-on at the group cropping up over the years.
Some groups have accused the organisation of being – at best – a mostly white, mostly male networking opportunity. While right-wing critics have accused it of attempting to promote a world government.
Perhaps the most bizarre claim in regard to the group, made by former BBC sports presenter David Icke, is that the majority of participants are, in fact, “inter-stellar reptilian humanoids”.
Peter Sutherland Source: Photocall Ireland
Just a chat?
The description of the group on Bilderberg's own website puts forward an altogether more prosaic depiction of the get-together.
“Founded in 1954, the Bilderberg conference is an annual meeting designed to foster dialogue between Europe and North America,” a brief press release says.
“The conference is a forum for informal discussions about major issues facing the world.
The meetings are held under the Chatham House Rule, which states that participants are free to use the information received, but neither the identity nor the affiliation of the speaker(s) nor of any other participant may be revealed.
“Thanks to the private nature of the conference, the participants are not bound by the conventions of their office or by pre-agreed positions.
As such, they can take time to listen, reflect and gather insights. There is no desired outcome, no minutes are taken and no report is written. Furthermore, no resolutions are proposed, no votes are taken, and no policy statements are issued.
American radio host, author, conspiracy theorist and documentary filmmaker Alex Jones, speaks to the media outside the 2013 event, in England. Source: Nick Ansell
Denis Healey – who co-founded the group – told journalist Jon Ronson it was simply an informal networking event.
“Bilderberg is the most useful international group I ever attended,” Healy said, in an interview for the book Them.
The confidentiality enabled people to speak honestly without fear of repercussions.
Detractors – and not just the likes of Icke – claim that's not telling half the story, however.
In their book “The Real Story of Bilderberg” investigative journalist David Estulinhe maintains the group has become “a kind of shadow world government, which decides during these annual meetings how it will implement its plans”.
So what goes on?
Documents provided to this website under Freedom of Information legislation back in 2012 provided a glimpse of what happens behind closed doors as the gathering.
Finance Minister Michael Noonan attended that year – and briefing notes sent to them show that the ‘official' attendance list left off some very high profile guests who were later spotted at the conference, held that year in Washington DC.
Source: TheJournal.ie
On the agenda this year? The Bilderberg website lists Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Chemical Weapons Threats, Current Economic Issues, European Strategy, Globalisation, Terrorism and the US Elections – amongst other topics.
Highlighting why some critics believe the group is, in fact, a shadowy world government, The Guardian's Charlie Skelton writes:
Europe's hottest financial potato, Greece, is on the conference agenda , and it's good to know Benoît Coeuré, a member of the executive board of the European Central Bank, will be there to discuss it in the strictest privacy with interested parties, such as the heads of Deutsche Bank, Lazard, Banco Santander and HSBC.
The Irish connection
Three serving European prime ministers are among the 133 guests heading along this year – but no-one's been invited from the Irish government.
Noonan, of course, attended three years ago, and Simon Coveney was invited last year.
Among other previous Irish attendees are another two former attorneys-general: former Tánaiste Michael McDowell and practising barrister Dermot Gleeson. The late former Taoiseach, Garret FitzGerald, also attended during their tenure as Minister for External Affairs in the 1970s.
Gerret Fitzgerald Source: PA ARCHIVE IMAGES
The group takes its name from the Dutch hotel in which its first meeting was held in 1954; the first conference was prompted by fears of a growing anti-American sentiment in Europe, leading a Polish politician to arrange a confidential meeting between a small group of individuals from both sides of the Atlantic.
The meetings have been held every year since, with one exception – 1976, when a bribery scandal involving a member of the Dutch royal family resulted in the event being called off.
Though Tesla remains the company to beat in the electric car market, the reality is that Elon Musk and co. haven't truly encountered any real competition in the high-end EV space. That, however, will change once Porsche's highly anticipated Mission E hits the streets. Originally introduced back in 2015, the Mission E is an ambitious project to say the least. According to the German automaker, the goal is to outfit the Mission E with 310 miles of range, and equally impressive, Porsche boasts that the Mission E will be able to reach a charge of 80% in just 15 minutes. While it remains to see what the Mission E's final specs are, we now know how much the car is going to cost — and suffice it to say, it's not going to come cheap. Put simply, it's going to be priced like a Porsche.
During an interview with Car Magazine, Porsche CEO Oliver Blume relayed that the Mission E — which boasts an incredibly sleek design — will be priced in the $85,000 range. That makes it about $10,000 more expensive than the most affordable Model S and markedly cheaper than some of the more tricked out Model S units which can cost upwards of $106,000. As Blume tells it, the Mission E is priced “like an entry-level Panamera.”
Speed wise, the Mission E is no joke.
Porsche claims the Mission E will pass 62mph in ‘less than 3.5 seconds', dashing past 124mph in just a dozen seconds. Top speed meanwhile will be ‘more than 155mph'. The dual-motor layout delivers four-wheel drive and the 911's four-wheel steering features for agility that would surprise most four-seaters. The batteries are mounted as low as possible within the composite construction for a ground-hugging centre of gravity.
According to Blume, Porsche is anticipating that the Mission E will go on sale towards the end of 2019 and will be available in a variety of configurations.
On a related note, you might recall that Porsche early last year said that it was also working on a hybrid version of its iconic Porsche 911. Alas, Porsche killed development on that project a few months back.
PHOENIX — The Diamondbacks finished the first half of the season in one of those funky streaks that most teams endure at least once in a season, losing 10 of 15 and scuffling on both sides of the ball.
It ticked them off.
“Any way you look at it, we haven't played as good defensively as we were earlier in the year,” manager Kirk Gibson said during the weekend sweep in Atlanta. “Our bullpen is not nearly as good, our starting pitching hasn't been as good, we haven't hit with any consistency — so there you have it. We'll have to figure things out. We'll have to switch things around.”
Article continues below ...
A broader perspective paints a brighter picture. The cup-half-full folks can point to the fact that the D-backs finished the mini-slump where they started it, two games ahead of the pack in the NL West. The downside is that the big-money Dodgers pulled to within four games of the lead, and there is no question they can throw money around if they so choose at the trade deadline.
The D-backs have succeeded for a simple reason: They win the close ones, a trait that defines a team much more than any individual numbers. They have a major-league-best 19 victories in their last at-bat. They are 18-11 in one-run games and 9-2 in extra innings, both victory totals leading the majors. Their 22 come-from behind victories are second in the NL and fifth in the majors.
That production-when-it-matters offense offsets some of their statistical anomalies. They have one player in the top 67 in RBIs in the NL, one player in the top 60 in home runs. One starting pitcher with an ERA among the top 40 in the league. Two starting pitchers with as many as four victories. Their bullpen has 15 failed save conversions, one fewer than the major league high.
Gibson hit the nail on the head before the D-backs left on their current 10-game trip.
“The whole,” they said, “has been greater than the sum of the parts.”
It is the type of team the D-backs were trying to build with their offseason moves, and it has kept them in first place or tied for first for the last 45 days.
OFFENSE
What's to like: Paul Goldschmidt has matured into a strong professional hitter. They drive the ball with power to all fields and spits on pitches just off the plate. Miguel Montero is heating up, hitting .278 in June. Eric Chavez still has plenty of pop in their bat, Aaron Hill is back and Gerardo Parra has been a force in the leadoff role.
What's not to like: Outfielders Cody Ross and Jason Kubel have not been as productive as might have been expected because of nagging injuries, although both are hitting better these days. With Adam Eaton out, the D-backs are without their top base-stealing threat.
What's next: With Hill and Chavez back and Montero coming on, the D-backs should be able to take some of the load off Goldschmidt and score more runs more regularly. Hill's presence deepens the lineup and takes some pressure off the others.
Midterm grade: B-
DEFENSE
What's to like: It does not get any better than Gerardo Parra in right field, Didi Gregorius at shortstop and an improving Goldschmidt at first base. Parra has nine assists and Jason Kubel and A.J. Pollock have four. The D-backs' 37 errors are second fewest in the NL, as are their 18 unearned runs allowed.
What's not to like: The D-backs have hit a bit of a lull recently, failing to make some of the routine plays that characterized their remarkable start. It is likely just part of the normal ebb and flow.
What's next: The D-backs are fundamentally sound in their approach, and that should not change.
Midterm grade: A-
STARTING PITCHING
What's to like: Patrick Corbin has been the best left-hander in the NL this season after winning the fifth spot in the rotation this spring. They have pitched like an ace and was the first in the majors to nine victories. Randall Delgado has two quality starts in their three spot appearances. The starters hold runners exceptionally well, limiting opponents' running games.
What's not to like: Inconsistency has been a pervasive issue. Trevor Cahill has won once since May 17 and was 0-5 with a 9.85 ERA in June. After 36 victories the last two seasons, Ian Kennedy has just three this year and an ERA over 5.00. Wade Miley has regressed after a breakout 2012, and Brandon McCarthy mostly struggled before going on the disabled list with a shoulder issue.
What's next: If the D-backs do not get a return to form from at least two of their starters, they could be very active at the trade deadline, with pitchers such as Yovani Gallardo and Jeff Samardzija in their sights.
Midterm grade: D
RELIEF PITCHING
What's to like: Brad Ziegler and Josh Collmenter have provided solid support and are among the best in baseball in their middle- and long-relief roles, respectively. Heath Bell had a nice stretch while filling in at closer, although it didn't last. J.J. Putz appears healthy again.
What's not to like: David Hernandez has had trouble commanding their curveball for most of the season, an unexpected problem after two strong setup seasons. They have five failed save conversions. Putz had four before going on the disabled list May 9, and Bell had two blown saves in their last four chances.
What's next: Putz's return should solidify roles again, and a quick fix seems to have Bell back on track after a stretch in which they gave up five homers in five appearances.
Midterm grade: C
MANAGEMENT
What's to like: President/CEO Derrick Hall, managing partner Ken Kendrick and general manager Kevin Towers locked in almost all the key pieces over the offseason, giving the D-backs cost certainty and a full nucleus moving forward. They also have the money (and moveable assets) for a deadline move if they wish.
What's not to like: The early return on the Justin Upton/Martin Prado deal has not been what they anticipated.
What's next: The D-backs could use their minor league depth — Tyler Skaggs, Matt Davidson and Chris Owings are among their top prospects — to facilitate a deadline deal, although they are not actively looking to move any of those players.
Midterm grade: B
