... ..
Introduction to Journal-Style Scientific Writing
Overview
A critical aspect of the scientific process is the reporting of new results in scientific journals in order to disseminate that information to the larger community of scientists. Communication of your results contributes to the pool of knowledge within your discipline (and others!) and very often provides information that helps others interpret their own experimental results. Most journals accept papers for publication only after peer review by a small group of scientists who work in the same field and who recommend the paper be published (usually with some revision).
The format and structure presented here is a general one; the various scientific journals, and oftentimes specific disciplines, utilize slightly different formats and/or writing styles. Mastery of the format presented here will enable you to adapt easily to most journal- or discipline-specific formats. While this guide (a other like it) is a necessary tool of learning the scientific writing style and format, it is not sufficient, by itself, to make you an accomplished writer. This guide will not teach you how to write in the English language, i.e., it is not a grammar book. You, the writer, must practice writing and thinking within this structure, and, learn by example from the writings of others; learning the nuances of this style and format will be enhanced as you read the scientific literature - pay attention to how professional scientists write about their work. You will see improvement in your own scientific writing skills by repeatedly practicing reading, writing, and critiquing of others writing.
Top of Page
The guide addresses four major aspects of writing journal-style scientific papers:
(1) fundamental style considerations; (2) a suggested strategy for efficiently writing up research results; (3) the nuts and bolts of format and content of each section of a paper (part of learning to write a scientific paper is learning how to follow instructions precisely), and, (4) basic information regarding peer critiques of scientific writing. ALL journals have a set of instructions for authors which explicitly state how their paper should be formatted for submission. Consider this guide to be your instructions when writing lab reports for the Biology core courses. We encourage you to follow the directions carefully and to make full use of this guide and the writing support system (TWAs, instructors, and Writing Workshop staff tutors) as you prepare your papers. Please ask for help if you have questions about format, style, or content. Above all, remember to write with precision, clarity, and economy.
Top of Page
Getting Started
The first task to accomplish as you begin the process of writing is to order and organize the information you wish to present. Some people work well from an outline, others do not. Some people write first to discover the points, then rearrange them using an after-the-fact outline. Whatever process you may use, be aware that scientific writing requires special attention to order and organization . Because the paper will be divided into sections, you need to know what information will go into each. If you don't normally work from an outline, this may be an occasion when you'll at least want to develop a list of the major points to be included in each section, before you begin to write. If the paper has multiple authors, then this is a good time to work (and negotiate!) with your collaborators to insure that all the points the group wants to make get listed.
Audience : Who will be reading your paper? Usually you will be writing to your peers. Simple advice: address your paper to another interested biology student, or lab group, in this course or major, and assume they have at least the same knowledge and expertise base as you. Knowing your audience helps you to decide what information to include--you would write a very different article for a narrow, highly technical, disciplinary journal vs. one that went out to a broad range of disciplines. Similarly, you would write a paper for an audience of other biology majors very differently than one you would write for a cross-section of the college. Do not write your paper specifically for your instructor.
Top of Page
Prose
Your writing should be in complete sentences and easily understood . It should conform to the conventions of standard written English (sentence form, grammar, spelling, etc.). Your ideas will have little impact, no matter how good the research, if they are not communicated well. Remember always that scientific terminology very often has precise meaning. Be certain you choose your words correctly and wisely.
It is important to write clearly and concisely . Make sure that every paragraph has a clear topic sentence and that the paragraph content supports the topic. The goal is to report your findings and conclusions clearly, and with as few words as necessary. Your audience (other scientists usually) are not interested in flowery prose, they want to know your findings. Remember: Writing and thinking are closely linked enterprises - many people have noted that, "fuzzy writing reflects fuzzy thinking." When people have difficulty translating their ideas into words, they generally do not know the material as well as they think.
Grammar questions or concerns? Try: Ask Betty (Univ. of Washington)
Top of Page
Style Considerations
Be clear and concise : Write briefly and to the point. Say what you mean clearly and avoid embellishment with unnecessary words or phrases. Brevity is very important. Use of the active voice alone shortens sentence length considerably.
Precise word use is critical : Scientific terminology carries specific meaning - learn to use it appropriately and use it consistently. A critical function of technical terminology is to say a lot with a few words, i.e., economy. This applies as well to appropriate acronyms (e.g., PCR) and abbreviations. Direct your paper toward the average reader in your intended audience . If writing for a highly technical journal, you will necessarily use the technical jargon. If writing for a general science audience you would limit the jargon.
Some things to avoid:
You do not have to try to impress people by using words most people have never heard of. Many published articles are like this, and they are poor papers on account of it.
Do not use colloquial speech, slang, or "childish" words or phrases.
Do not use contractions: for example, "don't" must be "do not" and "isn't" must be "is not" etc.
Top of Page
Abbreviations : Do not use abbreviations in the text except for units of measure. Always abbreviate these when using them with data (2 mm; 10 min.). Except for temperature units (F,C, K) never abbreviate units of measure when using them in a non-data context (e.g., "we measured length in millimeters" ; "time was recorded in minutes" ; "temperature was measured in F (or C)" ; "100 years have passed since Mendel did..." ). A list of common abbreviations and conversions is provided.
Use Past Tense : Research papers reflect work that has been completed, therefore use the past tense throughout your paper (including the Introduction) when referring to the actual work that you did, including statements about your expectations or hypotheses. Use the past tense, as well, when referring to the work of others that you may cite.
Top of Page
First vs. Third Person: If there is one stylistic area where scientific disciplines and journals vary widely, it is the use of first vs. third person constructions. Some disciplines and their journals (e.g., organismal biology and ecology) have moved away from a very strict adherence to the third person construction, and permit limited use of the first person in published papers. Other disciplines, especially the biomedical fields, still prefer the third person constrcution. Limit your use of first person construction (i.e., " I (or we) undertook this study ....): usually it is most acceptable in the Introduction and Discussion sections, and then only to a limited extent. Use first person in the methods sparingly if at all, and avoid its use in the results.
Use Active Verbs : Use active verbs whenever possible; writing that overly uses passive verbs (is, was, has, have, had) is deadly to read and almost always results in more words than necessary to say the same thing.
ACTIVE: "the mouse consumed oxygen at a higher rate ..."
PASSIVE: "oxygen was consumed by the mouse at a higher rate .."
The clarity and effectiveness of your writing will improve dramatically as you increase the use of the active voice.
Top of Page
Other specific comments on style are also included for each section of the paper. Remember: precise word use, past tense, active voice, brevity.
Reference References to the research findings of others are an integral component of any research paper. The usual practice is to summarize the finding or other information in your own words and then cite the source. Any ideas or other information that are not your own must be substantiated by a reference that is cited in the text . As a rule, in research papers, direct quotation and footnoting are not practiced - simply restate the author's ideas or findings in your own words and provide a citation.
Ladd Library links: Writing and Citing Guides
Top of Page
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku's contract saga has been dominating the news agenda for Everton this week.
On Tuesday they spoke to journalists from the ECHO and the national press to promote Everton in the Community's girls pan-disability programme as part of their role as a Kick It Out ‘Next 20' ambassador.
But their as yet unsigned new deal and what the future holds was the compelling topic of conversation.
A separate story about the interview can be read here.
But below is the full transcript of the 12-minute conversation as Lukaku sat with reporters and freely answered their different questions.
Q: You've been getting better and better all the time.
A: I'm really happy. I'm really happy but I can't say that I am overjoyed. There have been parts that we could have done better.
We have a team that has a lot of quality and a lot of ability but we let ourselves down before Christmas. One win in 10 games? That's where we let ourselves down.
But I think at the time we were adapting to the way the manager wants us to play. When you play in a certain way for a number of years then there is change to the system then for us it is difficult to adapt. You are used to training a certain way.
Your body is used to certain things. Now it is a total different regime and you have to adapt.
Okay, now we are doing well. Everyone is happy. But we cannot stay at this moment.
We have to become stronger, we have to become technically and tactically better. We have to start winning big games. That is what it is all about.
Q: You said last year that you would one day be top scorer in the Premier League. Your main rival Kane is out now. Will this be your season?
A:  They are a top player (Kane). You want to see top players in the league. I am sad that they are injured. Everyone wants to see top players in the league and it is sad for Tottenham and him.
I hope they get better and becomes stronger than they are now.  They are a good player.
But the most important thing for me is that we do better as a team. We have got 10 games left. That is 10 finals for me. I hope that is the same for the rest of the team.
I'm sure we will make the best out of them.
Q: Would it mean more to you if Kane had been fit?
A: I don't look at that. I don't look at other players if they aren't going to teach me anything. If I don't have the feeling that you aren't going to teach me something, why should I look at you?
That is the thing that I have. I work on my aspects. I am focused on Everton and what I am doing. That is my focus.
Q: Which strikers do you look at then?
A: Suarez, Lewandowski, Benzema. Cavani. That's it. I'm not looking at the rest. No chance. I watch what they do in certain moments and I think “that's interesting”. Now you are starting to compete and you want to show who is best. But as a team you want to be the best. I want my team to be the best. I want my team to be the most attractive to play in the league. At the end of the day, the big aim in football is to win as many titles as you can.
Q: How do you rate yourself among those strikers?
A: I'm close. Close. I'm close. At the minute I am one of the best strikers in the league. I can't say that. If I don't say that I am one of the best? I am shooting myself in the head. At the minute I am one of the best in the Premier League. 100 per cent.
Q: Can you be one of the best in the world?
A: Definitely. Definitely. But to do that, you need the platform to show yourself. Then you are talking about Champions League and whatever types of games. I don't want to go into details on that but you just follow the path that is in front of you. Whatever type of situation, I just try to deliver.
Q: You were loyal to stay this season - have you learnt from Koeman?
A: If I didn't think I would have learnt something from them I probably would have left. I probably would have said: “You know what, I don't have the energy or whatever.”
But from our first conversations when I was at the Euros in France they were really honest, we spoke a few times and they explained how they wanted to play, how they expected things and stuff and I was just listening to what they had to say.
I told the manager it will take a few weeks, but once I get it, don't worry, it will be fine.
Q: Are you worried the club could price you out of a move?
A: Not really, no.
Q: You said you would have left last season?
A: I am not scared of anything. I am not scared. I am just playing football and just trying to do whatever I can to help Everton Football Club become a better club. Like every team-mate.
We want the best for the club because we have great facilities, good fans. An example like Everton in the Community who work hard, you have a good bunch of lads. But at the end of the day fans want to see trophies, players want trophies so we need to try more, give a bit more.
That is the only thing I would say.
You should not shy away from it. Like if you don't win a trophy there is something that has gone wrong because if you have the belief that you can do something, you can do it. If you have the belief and you work hard for it and you focus on that you have to deliver and you really deliver then you can get it. Nothing is going to stop you. That is how I think.
Sometimes in my games I am like, ‘Today it is going to happen.' And it happens. Sometimes it doesn't happen but at least you have to give it a go. If you don't give it a go, it is a chance going past you like that.
Q: Do you think in the past the club has maybe accepted it won't win a trophy and ploughed on instead of having the attitude it can?
A: You have to have the attitude… you have to …
Everton as a football club has a great history right. But the future has to be written. You get me?
Because we always talk about the teams of the 80s and 70s and if you look it was great. But we as players we want the fans talking about us instead of us talking about them. No disrespect but you know what I mean.
You want to be remembered as well. No matter where you play you want to be remembered. You cannot only be remembered by scoring goals, you want to be remembered by winning trophies at the end of the day.
That is what the fans want.
So instead of living in the past, you have to think ahead. How this club has to grow, how this club has to improve, which player does it want to bring in so you can challenge for the big trophies.
Then like sometimes I will speak to Vincent Kompany who was at City when it all happened. They said, ‘Rom, one summer I just came in and boom, boom, boom, boom… Robinho from there, that guy came in, this guy came in, this guy came in (clicking fingers) and then everyone was criticising them but at the end, they had League titles, FA Cup here, League Cups there.
That is what we want as players.
Q: Can't that happen here?
A: I don't know, I don't know what the board's plan is. I don't really know.
Q: There's been evidence so far though hasn't there with Bolaise, Schneiderlin..?
A: Obviously, yes, but I don't know what the board's plan is.
I don't know what the plan is because I cannot be focused one thing and then… my focus is on the pitch and if something happens I will hear it or see it. That is the only thing (I can do).
As players the only job we have is train and play, train and play, train and play, train and play.
Q: But surely you think the club sees you as integral to where they want to go? Don't you think the club now is different to the one you joined?
A: Obviously stuff is changing and stuff is happening, but like I said there were some players that we could have got. That I knew the club could have got and they didn't get. And they are playing in this league. I am not saying names, but they are doing well.
Q: Is that frustrating?
A: It is a little bit frustrating but, at the end of the day, we have fantastic players. We cannot look at the others, we can only look at ourselves. We are the only ones to blame. We cannot blame the fans. We cannot blame the manager.
The manager has to choose from 25 players and if you don't work hard enough.
I mean you are not going to give the fans what they want. Us as players we need to give a bit more and that is a nice challenge. I really relish that challenge to be fair, I relish that challenge. The last 10 games of the season I think: “Bring it on. Let's go.”
Welcome to the New Year, much like the Old Year.
If you want to see what's ahead in Alberta politics for 2017, just take a look in the rear-view mirror to the big issues of 2016: a lingering economic recession; Jason Kenney's bid to merge the Progressive Conservative party with the Wildrose; protests against the provincial carbon tax.
It's as if the movie Groundhog Day had become Groundhog Year.
And another repeating issue that has already popped up its head in 2017: the Wildrose opposition trying to make up its mind about human-made climate change.
On Monday, after Environment Minister Shannon Phillips held a news conference to promote and defend the government's new carbon levy, the Wildrose responded with a news conference by MLA Don MacIntyre to attack the tax.
That's perfectly understandable.
The levy is an easy political target to hit.
Among other things, it's a tax on heating fuels in the middle of winter in Alberta, a province gripped by an economic downturn.
The government argues the money raised by the tax will help the province diversify the economy into green energy projects. The tax is also part of the government's “climate leadership plan” that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau praised when giving conditional approval to two pipeline projects in November.
Related
But the tax is an easy target nevertheless. Nobody likes paying higher taxes, especially if the reward is someway off in the future, if ever.
However, MacIntyre strayed from the Wildrose script on Monday while attacking the levy as job-killing tax.
They took a swing at the science of human-made climate change.
To be clear, MacIntyre did not deny humans are playing a role in climate change. The Wildrose has evolved from that argument.
MacIntyre questioned whether humans are the leading cause of climate change.
Here is part of their exchange with journalists (mainly me) on Monday:
MacIntyre: “Climate change is real, Mr. Thomson. It is cyclical. Man is aggravating it. Man is not the sole cause, are you happy?”
Me: According to scientists who study this, the majority of the increase is human-made.
MacIntyre: “You can't say that anymore.”
Another journalist: Why can't you say that anymore?
MacIntyre: “The science isn't settled.”
This is a merry-go-round the Wildrose rode last year and has climbed back on for 2017.
The argument goes like this: climate change has been a natural cyclical event for millennia and we are in another natural cycle today that is being aggravated to an unknown degree by humans.
The inference of the argument is that we shouldn't be taking significant action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions because we don't know if humans are the main culprit behind global warming.
“You show me all the stats,” said MacIntyre before accusing me of pushing an “agenda.”
Well, yes, I suppose I am pushing an agenda if the agenda is that political decisions should be based on science, not the other way around.
If MacIntyre wants statistics, they could look up the reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Among the findings: “There is new and stronger evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities.”
The IPCC is quoted by NASA on its web page which says, “there's a better than 95 per cent probability that human-produced greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide have caused much of the observed increase in Earth's temperatures over the past 50 years.”
Yes, it's 95 per cent, not 100 per cent — but scientists are pretty much never 100 per cent sure of anything. That's the nature of the scientific method.
If the Wildrose wants to attack the carbon tax, there are all kinds of ways to do that on an economic basis without making its caucus look like a closet of frustrated climate change deniers.
If they want to be taken seriously on human-induced climate change, they should take human-induced climate change seriously.
I said that in 2016 and it appears I'll have to keep saying it in 2017.
gthomson@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/graham_journal
Share
While there is a number of ideological and practical differences that separate PC gaming and console gaming, there's one that divides more than any other. It's not the battle between controllers and mice, and it's not the exclusive titles or the online communities. It's an economic argument about what people are willing to spend on entertainment. Put simply, PC gaming is more expensive.
But it doesn't have to be that way. Quality components are cheaper than ever, so cheap that even a console-priced PC can play most any game at 1080p, especially if you're willing to accept the console's target of 30 frames per second. Here are five builds that provide all the functionality and versatility of a gaming PC without the supposed high cost of entry.
A fair fight
Before we get down to builds, let's go over the ground rules. While a Playstation 4 or Xbox One can be had for less than $300, we'll also assume that we want a couple of other games, and an extra controller. That puts the total price right around $500, so we'll set that as the target price for our builds.
Neither console consistently runs newer titles in 1080p at 60 frames per second, so we'll shoot for a solid 30-60 fps when plugged into a 1080p monitor or TV. We didn't include an operating system in the cost of any of these builds. Students can often access a free or discounted Windows license through the school, and the Windows Insider program is a good alternative for those who aren't in education. SteamOS is a fine option too, if the plan is strictly gaming.
In the interest of choice, we've assembled a full list of five budget-friendly and competitive gaming machines.
The Wastelander: Beat consoles on a budget The parts Details Price Processor Intel Core i3-4170 Dual-core, 3.7GHz $113 Motherboard ASRock H97 Anniversary ATX ATX, LGA1150 $57 Memory G.Skill Ripjaws X series (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 $43 Storage Seagate 1TB SSHD 3.5″ 7200RPM $67 Graphics Zotac GeForce GTX 950 2GB $152 Case Antec VSK-4000 ATX Mid tower $36 Power supply EVGA 500W PSU ATX, 80+ Bronze $38 Total cost = $506 Ready for AAA gaming glory? A GeForce GTX 950 with 2GB of RAM lives at the heart of this console-smashing gaming PC. Despite its entry-level status, we found the 950 more than capable of taking on newer titles like Grand Theft Auto V, Battlefield 4, and Fallout 4, even with the settings turned up. The processor is a dual-core Intel Core i3-4170, and while it's a little on the older side, it's hard to beat the sub-$100 price for a chip with a base clock of 3.7GHz and Hyper-Threading. It's paired up with 8GB of RAM, and for storage we've chosen a Seagate 1TB hybrid drive. The hybrid drive is a more cost effective option that allows us to still leverage the power of a solid state drive to improve gaming performance. We're not too worried about size for this build, so we've made some more room with a full-sized ATX motherboard and case. We can't be too picky, but did manage to find a well-priced Antec case with plenty of room for our graphics card. The power supply is a quality 500 watt unit from EVGA that should last years without issue.
The Ancient: For MOBAs (and sometimes more) The parts Details Price Processor Intel Pentium G3258 Dual-core, 3.2GHz $70 CPU cooler Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO $20 Motherboard ASRock H97M Pro4 Micro ATX, LGA1150 $70 Memory G.Skill Ripjaws X series (2 x 4GB) DDR3-2133 $43 SSD Sandisk SSD Plus 120GB 2.5″ $44 HDD Seagate Barracuda 1TB 3.5″ 7200RPM $46 Graphics PowerColor Radeon R7 370 2GB $119 Case Silverstone PS07B MicroATX Mini Tower $71 Power supply EVGA 430W PSU MicroATX, 80+ $25 Total cost = $508 There's another genre that dominates the PC gaming community as of late, and that's the MOBA. It's tough to define exactly what a multiplayer online battle arena looks like, but you know it when you see it. Whether it's Dota 2, League of Legends, Heroes of the Storm, Smite, or any of the other myriad games in the highly competitive category, this machine has an eye on the prize. At the center of the build is an Intel Pentium G3258, a chip known for its budget-friendly pricing, satisfying gaming performance, and unlocked cores. We've thrown in a third party cooler if overclocking is in the cards, but it's more for ensuring stability even after hours of practice with the squad. The graphics card doesn't need as much oomph, so we saved a bit of money by opting for the AMD R7 370 with 2GB of VRAM. Saving some scratch on the GPU leaves room to move from a hybrid drive to a dedicated SSD and 1TB mechanical data drive. That means the OS and the relevant games can be loaded to the SSD for faster resource retrieval and speedier load times. It all fits into a MicroATX case that's easy to transport for a long gaming session, with compact 430 watt power supply.
The Party Animal: For people with friends The parts Details Price Processor AMD A10-7870K Quad-core, 3.9GHz, Onboard Radeon $129 Motherboard ASRock FM2A88X-ITX+ Mini ITX FM2+ $73 Memory G.Skill Ripjaws X series (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 $43 SSD Seagate 1TB SHDD 3.5″, 7200RPM $67 Case Thermaltake Core V1 Mini ITX Tower $40 Power supply EVGA 430W PSU MicroATX, 80+ $25 Total cost = $377 While a lot of PC gaming happens alone, behind closed doors, there's been a surge in popularity of games like Rocket League, Towerfall Ascension, and Speedrunners that pit friends against each other in glorious, couch-bound battle. We've compacted things even further for this build, with a Mini ITX setup that should fit in nicely besides a home entertainment setup. The only AMD-powered build on the list, this party animal is powered by an A10-7870K, a quad-core APU that features 8 Radeon GPU cores right on the chip. It's not as impressive as a dedicated graphics options, but it trounces the performance of Intel integrated graphics, and is more than capable of handling casual party games. It also affords us some other benefits, the most important of which is affordability. For what the R7 370 would cost alone, this system crams in a CPU and GPU, which also allows for the smaller Mini ITX footprint without overheating or causing a ruckus. It's the cheapest build on the list, sliding in at under $400, which leaves plenty of room for a full set of controllers and extra games.
The Futurist The parts Details Price Processor Intel Core i3-6100 Dual-core, 3.7GHz $127 CPU cooler Gelid Solutions CC-Siberian $9 Motherboard MSI Z170 PC Mate ATX, LGA1151 $90 Memory Crucial 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR4-2133 $46 SSD OCZ ARC 100 120GB 2.5″ $60 HDD Seagate Barracuda 1TB 3.5″, 7200RPM $46 Graphics MSI GeForce GTX 950 2GB $150 Case Thermaltake Commander MS/I Snow Edition ATX Mid tower $25 Power supply CoolMax 500W PSU ATX, 80+ $34 Total cost = $587 Conversely, the Futurist is the most expensive build on the list — but for good reason. It's based off the newest Intel Z170 chipset, which means access to the latest 6th-generation CPUs and DDR4 RAM. That means the system is well positioned for future upgrades, although it's no slouch with the components inside it now. The Intel Core i3-6100 is one of the most powerful chips on our list, with two cores, Hyper-Threading, and a 3.7GHz base clock. It doesn't come with a cooler, so we chose an inexpensive option with good reviews that fits in the case. This build also boasts a separate SSD and HDD, which means adding more data storage or installing a new OS is a quick and painless process. The GPU is a GTX 950 with 2GB of VRAM. It's a capable card right out of the box, delivering smooth performance on even the newest AAA games. That's paired with 8GB of RAM, which should be more than enough for the next few years. The full-sized ATX motherboard and case leaves plenty of room for additional components, and the 500 watt power supply should handle any future hardware, as long as you don't want to install more than one graphics card.
BELLEFONTE, Pa. (Reuters) - Pennsylvania State University's “shocking apathy” to alcohol abuse contributed to the death of a student after they consumed 18 drinks in less than an hour and a half during a fraternity initiation, according a report issued on Friday.
Grand jury members wrote the report after hearing testimony on hazing and alcohol use within the sprawling university's fraternity system. Prosecutors issued it at Centre County Court in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania 10 months the death of Timothy Piazza, 19.
Piazza, a sophomore from Lebanon, New Jersey, tumbled down two flights of stairs and seriously injured themselves while intoxicated at the party. They died two days after the alcohol-fueled hazing ritual.
They had been served at least 18 drinks within 82 minutes at the event for prospective members, or “pledges” at Beta Theta Pi house, said Stacy Parks Miller, Centre County's district attorney. Some 26 fraternity members face charges, but the grand jury said Penn State should take ultimate responsibility for guarding against alcohol abuse by students.
“This grand jury finds that Penn State administrators displayed a shocking apathy to the potential danger associated with doing nothing,” the report said. It urged state legislators to tighten laws against hazing and furnishing alcoholic beverages to minors.
If a person dies in connection with those crimes, the grand jury recommended increasing the maximum penalty to 20 years in prison from the current top punishment of two years behind bars.
In Piazza's death, 26 fraternity members face charges including involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, hazing and furnishing alcoholic beverages to a minor under 21.
Penn State has banned Beta Theta Pi. It said it disagreed with the grand jury's findings that the university also was at fault.
“The university is prepared to be a leader, but not a scapegoat,” Penn State attorney Duane Morris responded in a court document. “The university pledges to continue to educate, investigate and vigorously discipline its students to do our best to prevent another tragic loss caused by the scourge of alcohol abuse.”
Surveillance-camera video showed an initiation that included games involving the rapid consumption of wine, beer and vodka in the frat house's basement during a pledge party.
The footage showing the games had been deleted after the fraternity learned police planned to seize the video from the frat house in the town of State College, but the FBI was able to recover and restore the clip.
“No one should die because they want to join a fraternity,” said Rich Braham, who filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Penn State after their 18-year-old son Marquise committed suicide in March 2014, following months of initiation rituals by Phi Sigma Kappa.
“The problems are institutional,” said Braham, a television news producer. “My beautiful son went to Penn State full of life and joy and sarcasm and just was a fun kid. They didn't join a fraternity to get hazed.”
Earlier this year boxer and MMA fighter Tim Hague died following a bout with Adam Braidwood. The bout was a one sided affair with Hague being knocked down 3 times in the first round with an arguable 4th knockdown that the referee deemed a slip.
In the second round Hague was dropped for a fourth time and allowed to continue. Shortly thereafter the final knockout blow landed.
Footage of the bout is available on YouTube. Viewer discretion is advised.
In the midst of public pressure the City of Edmonton and the Edmonton Combative Sports Commission, the regulatory body that approved the bout, announced a third party ‘review' of the circumstances surrounding the fight.
Months have passed and the conclusion of the third party review continues to be delayed.
This week CTV News is airing a three part series scrutinizing the circumstances surrounding the fatal bout.
The first part of this investigation aired today and focused on perhaps the most troubling aspect surrounding the bout, the fact that the ECSC did not apply their post bout medical suspension standards when licencing Hague.
Hague suffered three KO/TKO losses in boxing, ‘super boxing' (basically stand up MMA), and MMA in the 9 months prior to the Braidwood bout.
Edmonton's Safety Policy #9(f) notes that a boxer with three KO/TKO losses in one year must be suspended for “A period of not less than one year” before competing again. Edmonton either ignored this standard, persuaded themselves that a different standard should be in force when making a licensing decision for a boxer with a string of recent head trauma, or failed to learn of Hague's recent fight record.
The investigative report highlights the recent TKO/KO losses Hague suffered. They are worth reviewing as all appear to involve significant strikes to the head.
If the above policy was applied to Hague as a licencing standard they were not fit to compete until at least April, 2018. They would not have been in that ring.
According to the ECSC's own words this policy exists “…to ensure the contestant has time to heal before participating in training and before competing in subsequent match”.
Part 1 is available here. Part 2 and 3 will air later this week.
Advertisements
Bitmain, the bitcoin mining ASIC provider, announced today that it has launched its fourth-generation ASIC, the BM1385. This chip, the company claims, can generate a 45 percent increase in hashrate while needing 50 percent less electricity than its former chip, the BM1384.
“The problem at the heart of designing chips for bitcoin mining is the careful balance of performance with electrical consumption. With lower power consumption, miners have lower electricity bills, or they can increase their hashrate without increasing their power expense,” said a Bitmain chip designer in a statement.
According to the company, the BM1385 can attain 32.5 gigahash per second at a power consumption of 0.216 watts/gigahash-second using 0.66V. This chip was built on the 28-nanometer process of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC); the company felt that it could outperform chips that were built on 14 and 16 nanometer process nodes that didn't have full custom design techniques.
“The BM1385 chip represents more than six months of full time research and development work from our chip design team, so it required a significant effort to produce. This being our first full-custom chip design, it took a lot more work than previous chips we've put out,” said Bitmain Head of North AMerica Jake Smith.
Full custom design is an arduous process whereby the engineers have to lay each individual transistor inside the chip. However, while the creation process is more intensive and involves higher risk of failure at tape-out, the finished chips are able to do far more with less electricity.
“We anticipate that before we release our full-custom 16 nanometer chips, the BM1385 will continue to be the industry standard for the bitcoin mining industry,” said Bitmain co-founder Jihan Wu. Bitmain has grown very aggressive with releasing its previous chips. Its BMI1380, which was used in the AntMiner S1, was released in Q4 2013. Its BM1382 and BM1384 came out in Q2 and Q4 of 2014 respectively. This is the fourth chip in two years that Bitmain has released. When Bitmain announces the launch of its AntMiner S7, it will use this BM1385 chip.
“A few of our competitors have also announced chips with similar power efficiencies; even though they won't be selling these they will also have an effect on the network. This will probably cause hashrate to increase, and also make a lot of older, less power-efficient miners become obsolete,” added Smith.
Jacob is a product manager working in the industrial news space as well as a freelance writer covering finance. They found bitcoin randomly, fell in love with its potential, and has been addicted to it ever since. They run a weekly newsletter about Bitcoin at CryptoBrief.com.
In a press conference in the early hours of Saturday morning, Munich's police chief said the man had been identified as an 18-year-old German-Iranian who used a pistol to open fire at a nearby McDonald's.
A dead man found near the Olympia shopping centre in Munich was the suspected gunman, police have confirmed.
The motive for the attack, in which nine others were killed and several were injured, is not yet clear.
The man then took their own life and was found in a side street near the centre. They were not previously known to police, the police chief added. They had both German and Iranian citizenship and had lived in Munich for more than two years.
Three people spotted fleeing the scene of the attack, who police initially believed had been responsible for the shooting, have been identified and were not involved.
INFLUENTIAL Liberal senator Cory Bernardi wants all learner drivers to be taught how to handle a motorbike as well — even if they don't intend to ride one.
They called for this “really important step” to teach drivers the perils of the road for bikers, usually from cars and trucks.
“I think it's really good that they understand what motorcyclists go through on the road” Senator Bernardi told news.com.au.
“Ultimately, if car drivers are more aware of motorcyclists, it's going to be safer for the motorcyclists and for the motor vehicle drivers themselves. I think it's a really important step.”
Some 170 motorbike riders die each year in road accidents, and many more are seriously injured to the extent that one TV program on bikers is using the black humour title Temporary Australians.
The number of registered motorcycles in Australia has doubled in the past ten years to close on 800,000, and this figure is growing by around six per cent a year.
The chairperson of the Motorcycle Council of Australia Shaun Lennard today told MPs there should be a national standard for rider training.
“In Queensland, the previous government introduced a requirement that you have to have held a car licence for a year before you can get a motorcycle learner's permit,” Mr Lennard told a breakfast function in Parliament House.
“That's not about motorcycle safety; it's a measure to discourage motorcycling.”
“And the Victorian government has introduced a requirement for high-viz vests for novice riders, when there is very little in the way of evidence to support this and some that actually recommends against it.”
media_camera Cory Bernardi wants all learner drivers to be taught how to ride a motorbike.
Mr Lennard was addressing the fifth annual MPs and Senators motorcycle event which yesterday included a ride through Canberra with Senator Bernardi, Motoring Enthusiast Party's Ricky Muir and Liberal Democrat senator David Leyonhjelm.
They and Labor MPs Bernie Ripoll and Andrew Leigh, hope to form a Friends of Motorcycling group within Parliament to lobby for biker issues and make clear most riders are law-abiding, and bikes are an answer to some transport problems.
“Congestion in our larger cities is frequently discussed, and it's always a focus on three areas — public transport, walking and cycling,” said Mr Lennard.
“Rarely are motorcycles and scooters even mentioned as part of the transport solution.
“This overlooks the importance of personal mobility and access, particularly over distances where walking or cycling are impractical for the majority. Individuals travel from literally millions of different starting points to just as many destinations on a daily basis in this country.”
Backed by the Motorcycle Council of Australia, the Friends of Motorcyclists group's aim is not only to improve safety on our roads, but to show that most bikers are ordinary Australians and not the criminals who feature in news reports.
Originally published as ‘Everyone should learn to ride motorbikes'
The frontrunner. Thomson Reuters When real-estate developer and celebrity billionaire Donald J. Trump launched their candidacy for the presidency last year, the campaign was widely considered a joke.
Almost everyone, from pundits to voters to the political establishment, assumed that Trump would just command (and relish) a brief period of national attention and then declare victory and withdraw.
Trump themselves even seemed to espouse this view, talking publicly early on about how, if and when they dropped out, they would lend their support to another candidate only if they were treated well by the Republican establishment.
Many political pundits, meanwhile, openly mocked Trump and Trump supporters and ridiculed the Trump candidacy. One prominent publication, The Huffington Post, even made a show of covering the Trump campaign in its "Entertainment" section.
Well, after many months atop the GOP polls, there's now little talk about Trump dropping out.
And although Trump and the Trump campaign are still entertaining at times, only people in denial still view the phenomenon as mere "entertainment."
Instead, there is now serious discussion of why Trump is still the GOP front-runner by a wide margin: Namely, that Trump's promise to "Make America great again," their worship of strength, success, and power, and their relish for reducing a complex and challenging world into a simple checkerboard of black-and-white, good-and-evil, great-and-terrible, etc., are resonating with tens of millions of Americans who feel betrayed by feckless and gridlocked politicians in both parties.
And now, with only a couple of weeks to go before voting starts, serious journalists and serious world leaders are seriously discussing the possibility of a Trump presidency.
This week, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, I attended some closed-door sessions with high-ranking officials from several countries.
In these sessions, in which members of the international media had the opportunity to ask questions and talk informally with various officials, the "Trump question" frequently came up.
The leader of one major US ally, for example, was asked how they would deal with a Trump administration. The leader did not laugh, the way they might have six months ago. Instead, they answered seriously, saying that, no matter who they are dealing with, their approach is always to seek to find common ground.
(Echoing the sentiments of those who are appalled by the Trump candidacy and will never support them or what they appear to stand for, the leader also added, candidly, that, at the end of the day, they "hope[s] Americans are better than that." But they still took the possibility of a Trump presidency seriously.)
Political analysts continue to point out that, in usual US elections, the front-runners in January are usually out of the race by May.
And many (most?) in the political establishment are still hoping that the same will be true of the Trump candidacy.
But others, wisely, are now taking the Trump campaign — and what it says about the state of this country — seriously.
They are also telling an increasingly plausible story about how Trump could win not just the Republican nomination but the presidency.
As many past elections have revealed, swing voters in the U.S. ultimately vote with their wallets. If the economy is weak heading into the election, they usually vote for change.
And the possibility of more economic weakness and even a recession before Americans head to the polls next November seems to be increasing by the day.
The former US Open champion, Juan Martín del Potro, has said they are unlikely to be fit enough to play in next month's Australian Open while casting doubt on whether they would play in the Davis Cup first round tie at home to Italy in February when Argentina begins the defence of their title.
Petra Kvitova ‘fortunate to be alive' after attack by knife-wielding intruder Read more
“What I need is to have someone get me physically fit enough to last the whole year,” they said. “There's a fortnight to the Australia Open and I'm unlikely to make that objective. We're looking at what the priority is. If tennis waited for me for two years, Australia can wait for me for one more.“
Del Potro is set to play two exhibition matches against Spaniard David Ferrer in Buenos Aires and at the seaside resort of Mar del Plata on 27 and 28 December.
Having been plagued by injury problems, they enjoyed an unexpectedly good 2016 season, having recovered from a third wrist operation early in the year. The 28-year-old won the silver medal at the Rio Olympics in August, after knocking out favourite Novak Djokovic in the opening round, then helped Argentina win the Davis Cup for the first time.
Argentina begins the defence of their title against Italy in Buenos Aires from 3 February, but Del Potro said they were unsure if they would feature in the tie. “There's still some time to the first tie against Italy but not so much and it's going to be on clay and that's a surface I struggle on,” they said.
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - F.D.R.
"Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country." - J.F.K.
"Our prayers r w/u.All industry efforts must b employed." - S.P.
Okay, you're a fisherman and you've barely recovered from Katrina and you're told that your livelihood for the foreseeable future is about to drown in a thick, toxic sludge. You wake up this morning to find that the former half-term governor of Alaska wants you to know that their "prayers r w/u." Mercifully, she's also providing their expert advise to those on the ground and sea that "All industry efforts must b employed." They had plenty of experience with the Exxon Valdez, remember. They were a sportscaster at the time.
Doesn't this child-in-grownup-clothing work for a news organization? Can't their new colleagues tell them that we're way past industry efforts? In fact, it's a full scale military mobilization. There are no fewer than five cabinet secretaries who haven't had one minute of rest for days because the ocean and the wind and the gurgling slick of death never sleep. There are generals and admirals issuing unprecedented orders to ships and troops. Leading environmental scientists have dropped everything to rush to Washington and the gulf coast to try to find a solution. And did I mention that the coast guard is lighting the ocean on fire?!
A former teacher who spent six months in Julia Tutwiler Prison for sexting a junior high student is back behind bars after authorities say they violated Alabama's sex offender laws.
Ashley Hurst Casiday, 33, was taken into custody by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office on Wednesday, according to sheriff's officials and jail records.
Chief Deputy Randy Christian said Casiday, who currently goes by their maiden name Hurst, is charged with failure to register their employment and for working within 2000 feet of a daycare.
Though sheriff's officials didn't identify Casiday's place of employment, AL.com has learned they work at Good Grit magazine as an assistant to publisher Laura Bento and has done so since last year. Those offices, located in The Phoenix Building at 1710 Second Avenue North, are within 2,000 feet of a daycare.
Former Leeds teacher arrested for sexting junior high student Ashley Casiday, 31, was booked into the St. Clair County Jail Wednesday, and released a short time later after posting $100,000 bond.
Casiday, then a 31-year-old eighth grade teacher, resigned from Leeds Middle School in February 2014 amid allegations that they had inappropriate contact with a 14-year-old student. They were arrested in March and charge with one count of transmitting obscene material to a child. They were jailed, and then released on $100,000 bond.
A St. Clair County grand jury later indicted them on five charges: the one count of transmitting obscene material to a child and four counts of possession of obscene matter. In October 2014, Casiday pleaded guilty to the charge of transmitting obscene material to a child. In exchange for their guilty plea, the other four charges were dismissed.
Casiday, court records show, was sentenced to five years in prison, with six months to serve. They began that sentence in January 2015, and was released in July 2015. Following their dismissal from prison, they were to serve three years on supervised probation and have no contact with the victim.
Because they pleaded guilty to a Class B felony, Casiday must abide by Alabama's Community Notification Sex Offender Law. Under those requirements, they can't live within 2,000 feet of a school or daycare, and they must register their current name, address and employment with the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
Christian said the sheriff's office Sex Offender Unit received information about their new employment and obtained warrants on Tuesday. They had listed an address in Pelham has their place of employment.
Casiday was arrested on Wednesday, with bond set at $20,000. They were released Thursday afternoon.
"The State Sex Offender Law is crafted to protect children specifically and is crystal clear,'' Christian said. "To avoid being in violation a convicted sex offender must be in compliance 100 percent. That didn't happen here.
Authorities said they also investigated claims that Casiday, as part of their job at the magazine, attended charity events for children, but no charges came from those allegations. Bento released this statement this afternoon:
"Ashley Hurst Casiday started working for me as my personal assistant in September of 2015. They have a degree in English which made them an incredible asset to me as a publisher. Ashley, however, is not an employee of Good Grit.  They are an independent contractor and works from home.
I lead Good Grit under 5 governing core values. One of my very favorites is 'Own It, Fix It, Move On.' At Good Grit we are so thankful that our value is not measured by the sum of the mistakes we've made, seen or unseen. So when I do business with people, I do business based on their Grit. Ashley has certainly shown me they have owned the mistakes of them yesterday and is relentlessly trying to move on from them.
I guess you could say we love people scandalously at Good Grit Magazine. And I'm okay with that."
Authorities say non-violent offenders in Bay Minette, Ala. now have a new choice: Go to jail, or go to church every Sunday for a year.
WKRG-TV reports that Operation Restore Our Community begins next week.
The city judge will let misdemeanor offenders choose to work off their sentences in jail and pay a fine; or go to church every Sunday for a year.
If offenders select church, they will be allowed to pick the place of worship but must check in weekly with the pastor and the police department.
If the one-year church attendance program is completed successfully, the offender's case will be dismissed.
Bay Minette Police Chief Mike Rowland says the program could change the lives of people heading down the wrong path. So far, 56 churches are participating.
Last weekend was the Organization of American Historians meeting in Providence and I was lucky enough to be asked to be on a roundtable titled “New Directions in American Socialism.” My colleagues on the panel all had good things to say. The audience primarily wanted to talk about Bernie, which is fine, although as I pointed out, this whole situation does beg the question of what socialism actually means today. In any case, toward the end of the conversation, one person said something along the lines of “The two-party system oppresses workers and we can't achieve socialism with it. How do we overturn the two-party system so a real workers' party can achieve gains?”
My answer was that you can't. The two-party system is never going away. There are 225 years of history now behind my assertion. There simply have not been viable third-parties at any point in American history. The strongest case for a third party is the Populists, but they are the exception that proves the rule. First, as Jeffery Ostler pointed out many years ago, the Populists only had strength in states that lacked a functional second party. In other words, on the state level, the Populists served as a second party in one-party state. Second, the Populists were completely co-opted in 1896 and it totally destroyed them immediately. Since then, look at what you have. Eugene Debs' Socialist Party campaigns did attract some popular support but certainly never came anywhere close to electoral relevance outside of a few cities. There's Roosevelt's 1912 Bull Moosers, which was a “party” based around a single man's ego. There's the Progressive Party in 1924 that collapsed immediately. Then there's Wallace in 1948, which is a good cautionary tale for leftist political parties. There's a few protest third party candidates, mostly southern anti-civil rights types like Thurmond and Wallace. There's whatever John Anderson (still living!) was about. There's Perot's Reform Party, which again, as a party didn't stand for anything and couldn't build on their momentum. And then there's Nader and the Green Party, which did nothing to affect American politics except elect George W. Bush to the presidency. As Scott says, losing does not move the Democratic Party to the left.
That's it. At this point, if you want a legitimate third party option on the left, or on the right for that matter, the evidence is on you to show me how this can happen. Because it can't. At best, you might see one of the two political parties collapse and then out of its ruins, a third party develops. But in this case, it's most likely to look something like the Republicans, which means most of the collapsed party plus some others attracted by the decline of the old order to the new positions. The American political system simply will not allow a third party to develop in any meaningful.
Moreover, third parties are a tremendous waste of organizing energy. Green Party organizers spend (or spent back in 2000 and 2004) a fantastic amount of time on party-building. They achieved nothing. Imagine if that energy had been spent on organizing around issue-based politics. So much could have been achieved. This is one the way forward for the socialist left. Given that the two-party system is entrenched and is not going anywhere, socialist energy should be split between organizing to move the Democratic Party to the left and making it more of a socialist party and organizing outside of the political parities on economic and social issues, ranging from the minimum wage to racist police violence. That organizing can then affect the political system, as we are seeing with the recent push to raise the minimum wage.
After I made these points, my colleague Peter Cole also made the valid point that nations with multi-party systems are not exactly socialist paradises. This is another burden of evidence that's upon those who want third parties. What good will they actually do? How will multi-party democracies lead to greater socialism than two-party states? Where is that socialism in Britain or France or Italy or Germany? Seems to me that many of the same problems affecting the United States' working class are also impacting those nations, although they were starting at places with greater rights for workers due to a variety of historical circumstances (traditionally less employer resistance to unions than the U.S., more homogeneous populations, the remaking of society and popular demand for socialism of some kind after World War II, etc).
I know that for most readers of this site, these points are well-known. But they remain powerful on the left, including with the Bernie or Busters. Most of those people will probably just sit out the presidential election and they wouldn't have voted anyway if Bernie or maybe Warren wasn't the nominee. But they have powerful stories to tell about the perfidy of the two parties and we need to fight back with strong political analysis.
With news on blockchain and Bitcoin appearing thick and fast, here's a round-up of key events to save you time.
In Switzerland, the city of Zug, is piloting the acceptance of Bitcoin for payments. From 1 July, residents could start to pay their taxes, fees and fines with the digital currency.
The project is part of the city's ambition to bring in more fintech and digital currency firms. There is one stipulation – all payments are limited to CHF 200 ($205) as the city representatives aren't keen on too much risk. Well, they are a nation of bankers.
The deal means Zug has become the first city in the world to accept Bitcoin from its residents for government services and utilities.
US-based blockchain identity start-up Netki has raised $3.5 million in a seed round headed by O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures (OATV).
Netki CEO Justin Newton says the funds will help continue its expansion plans – such as investment in technology and growing its team.
Its first product, the Wallet Name Service, was launched in the beginning of 2015 (the company was founded in 2014) as it looks to offer a cleaner wallet address. Purse, BitSo, Bitt and BlockCypher have all integrated this wallet naming service.
Its next product will be a digital identity certificate, which it has compared to an SSL Certificate for the blockchain. It should be in full production by the end of this year.
Staying in the US, North Carolina has passed a law that expands the state's Money Transmitters Act to include activities related to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
The bill gives all virtual currencies a measure of legitimacy and shows how they have moved from just the fintech world to the mainstream.
Perianne Boring, the founder and president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce (CDC), a US trade association, says the law is “good for business, jobs and innovation in North Carolina”.
UK-based Stratis, a blockchain development platform, has turned to crowdfunding and launched its Initial Coin Offering (ICO). It wants to build a cloud-based platform that makes blockchain apps “accessible for a broader business community”.
The Stratis Platform will let users customise their own private chains which will be secured on Stratis “parent” chain.
Following the ICO, the company will deliver a Stratis beta wallet based on Bitcoin Core. The wallet will allow exchanges to list Stratis; and also allows investors to hold and secure their coins.
Chris Trew, founder of Stratis, says in terms of blockchain there is “still a real need to lower the barriers to entry so that more people can get involved”.
These are customs agents forcibly checking the ID of every passenger deplaning from Delta flight 1583 tonight at JFK. A domestic flight. pic.twitter.com/fHMgyzCjo5 — Britton Taylor (@brittontaylor) February 23, 2017
Customs and Border Protection agents met a domestic flight at John F. Kennedy Airport on Wednesday night and checked the IDs of every passenger on board, according to one traveler who documented the scene.
The incident, which took place on Delta Flight 1583 from San Francisco, was atypical for both domestic flightson which no identification is needed to exit the airportand international flights, where identification is checked during a customs screening after deplaning.
A spokesperson for CBP told Gothamist that such checks are "not a new policy" and that it is "not unusual for us to assist our fellow law-enforcement agencies."
CBP declined to comment on which agency it was working with on Wednesday, but said collaborative agencies might include Homeland Security, or any local or national law enforcement agency. The spokesperson also said that CBP was seeking an individual, who, it turned out, was not on the flight. [CBP has since stated that the agents were assisting ICE in seeking a person with a removal order. See below for update.]
Matt O'Rouke of Manhattan, 41, photographed two agents standing on either side of the plane entrance shortly after 8:30 p.m. on Wednesday, checking identification. They described the experience to Gothamist.
"When we were getting out there were two customs agents," they recalled. "I don't think they had a clipboard or a list. I think they were just looking at everybody's ID. They did it really carefully. You could tell they weren't just looking for a name. They read my entire ID and looked at me the entire time. I was probably the tenth person off the plane, and they did the same for everyone in front of me."
When the plane landed, O'Rouke said, a flight attendant announced over the intercom that all passengers should take out their identification.
"The head flight attendant came on and said, 'Please have your papers ready' three or four times," O'Rouke recalled. Passengers then asked why papers were necessary on a domestic flight. "Someone corrected them and they said, 'Oh I mean photo IDs,'" they added. "To which people were kind of weirded out."
"I flew almost 200,000 miles last year," O'Rouke said. "I've never had my ID checked getting off a domestic flight."
Earlier this week, the Department of Homeland Security issued guidelines for CBP and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to implement President Donald Trump's immigration policy. The guidelines basically eliminate the concept of deportation priorities, leaving it up to ICE offices to decide who among the millions in the United States without a visa to go after.
My flight from SFO to JFK. We were told we couldn't disembark without showing our "documents." pic.twitter.com/9ugQspTqeX — Anne Garrett (@annediego) February 23, 2017
Jordan Wells, a staff attorney with the New York Civil Liberties Union, told Gothamist that this sort of behavior is not necessarily indicative of immigration enforcement. Border agents have been known to check IDs if they have reason to believe someone on the flight is on the FBI's wanted list, for example.
But CBP's comment on the matter, they said, was not specific enough to determine whether Wednesday's searches were indeed typical, as the agency maintains.
"CBP does not have carte blanche to detain people for questioning without suspicion just because they step off of a domestic flight within 100 miles of a border," they said. "It is not an always-and-everywhere police force, and any attempt to expand its operations beyond its authority would raise serious concerns."
Ward Oliver, supervising attorney for the Immigration Law Unit at the Legal Aid Society, stressed that the incident seemed highly unusual, and consistent with the regime laid out in the new DHS memos.
"I can't say that I've ever heard of this happening at Kennedy Airport before," they said. "To me it seems pretty clear to me what they are doing, in light of the order."
They added that there has historically been legal precedent for agents to question individuals at checkpoints within 100 miles of the US border. JFK is within that 100 mile zone, "But it seems like an abuse [of that right] of it's in the airport on a domestic flight."
Port Authority spokesperson Scott Ladd deferred comment to Delta and CBP, saying, "This isn't our area or jurisdiction."
Delta spokesperson Elizabeth Wolf did not immediately comment on the incident.
[Update 1:30 p.m.] This piece has been updated with comment from CBP.
[Update 2:45 p.m.]: According to a CBP spokesperson, the agency "was contacted by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) yesterday, February 22, 2017, to assist in locating an individual possibly aboard Delta flight 1583 from San Francisco International Airport to JFK. This individual was ordered removed by an immigration judge."
"To assist our law enforcement partners, two CBP officers requested identification from those on the flight in order to help identify the individual," they added. "The individual was determined not to be on the flight."
[Update 4:45 p.m.]: According to CBP, the person agents sought had been issued an order of removal based on convictions for domestic assault, driving while impaired, and violation of an order of protection.
At the mega launch of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana on Sunday, at the hands of BJP National President Amit Shah, Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharmendra Pradhan, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and their Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh counterparts Vasundhara Raje Scindia and Shivraj Singh Chouhan respectively, the leaders attacked the UPA government and hailed the visionary schemes of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the poor.
Advertising
Speaking at the event that saw the dignitaries lighting the customary lamp with a gas lighter to symbolize the importance of LPG connections in BPL homes, BJP National President Amit Shah launched an attack on the Congress-led UPA government, accusing them of leaving behind an empty treasury at the end of their tenure.
Shah said that the PMUY scheme is an example of how people benefit from a visionary government. They said, “This scheme is just one example how poor suffer when corrupt governments are in power and how they benefit from the vision of a sensitive Prime Minister. They understand the pain of these women who have to inhale this smoke that reduces their life span. It is because Modiji has themselves seen their mother without LPG in their childhood.”
Shah said that the UPA government left behind empty government treasury that posed a challenge for the present NDA government. Shah said, “The UPA government emptied the treasury completely. It did not allow the present government to implement more schemes for the poor. But Modiji's vision to ensure that the subsidies of LPG connections are disbursed to individual accounts has saved Rs1300cr. It has ended the corruption that was at its peak during the UPA regime. It has given the money to the poor into their bank accounts. The overwhelming response to the Give it Up campaign also ensured that today we are able to turn this dream into a reality of gifting women LPG connections in their homes.”
Advertising
Shah added that the Ujjwala Yojana is a fine example of women empowerment that the Congress only spoke about. It cannot get bigger than this that you provide clean fuel for cooking and make lives of women healthier and easier. ” Shah said that every MP's constituency will receive one lakh LPG connections under the schemes.
Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharmendra Pradhan, hailed the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during their days as the Chief Minister of Gujarat, crediting the state for achieving 25% LPG consumption of the total fuel consumption aggregate, assuring that Gujarat will soon receive 25 lakh LPG connections for impoverished families. Speaking from the dais, Pradhan also addressed the issue of the steep fuel prices in India.
Pradhan said, “Everywhere I go, I am asked why the fuel is expensive in India although the global prices for crude oil have reduced. Just yesterday I was asked this question and I did not answer. But today, I want to give an answer. It is because this price difference is going into the government treasury to implement schemes like the Ujjwala Yojana. This is the money that will light up kitchens in many households with the LPG gas. Modiji is using the money from the treasury to give back to the poor through irrigation, gas subsidy, Jan Dhan Yojana and many other things. Close to 1 crore people have answered Modiji's call to give up subsidy and help the government provide LPG connections to poor homes.”
In their respective speeches, the Chief Ministers enlisted the schemes for the poor, hailing the Modi-led NDA government for “working for the poor” and expressed their mutual admiration for each other. Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje hailed their Madhya Pradesh counterpart Shivraj Singh Chauhan for holding the spectacular Simhasta Mahakumb in Ujjain and expressed their excitement at heading to the event from Dahod. Vasundhara Raje spoke of a woman, Raghunathi, from Sawai Madhopur in Rajasthan, who represents many women awaiting LPG connections.
Raje said, “I personally requested (MoS) Pradhanji to provide Raghunathi with the LPG connection today, along with many other women from the three states and I am very happy that they conceded my request. This event is among the many examples of the BJP government's intent to work for the poor.”
Attacking the Congress, Raje said that the party only remembered the poor during election campaigns but never implemented its fake promises despite being 60 years in power. Raje said, “The BJP and Congress are different because the Congress speaks of Garibi hatao during elections while we work for our intent to actually benefit the poor. Many years ago Rajiv Gandhi, who led the Congress party, said that only 15p out of Re 1 reaches the poor. Recently, Rahul Gandhi said that only 10p out of Rs 10 reaches the poor, today. That is the level of corruption in the Congress. The BJP, on the other hand, has given the subsidies back into accounts. The Congress leave promises which they know they can never fulfill and pushes them on the shoulders of the next government.”
Raje also urged people to “leave behind caste and religious differences” to rally behind Prime Minister Modi in making the government schemes successful in order for India to “attain its state that we have read of in our shastras”. Contrary to their plea, however, the event later saw women beneficiaries of PMUY being introduced on the stage by their religious and caste identities.
Raje also hailed vision of Modi as the Chief Minister of Gujarat and stated that several districts of Rajasthan have benefited from the Narmada river due to Modi's vision. “I think Rajasthan, MP and Gujarat are conjoined triplets and we share a brotherhood that we stand with each other. Our districts have benefitted from Narmada due to Modiji and we always remember Gujarat when we see water there, today. We were thirsty in Rajasthan. I remember reading an article of an ngo in Dahod who resolved the water crisis here. I called them and took them to Rajasthan and whenever i look at the water bodies, I thank Gujarat for it.”
Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chauhan, who spoke at length about the Ujjain Mahakumbh also hailed Modi's vision for the Narmada, stating that the water from the Narmada also flows into Kshipra River, where the Kumbh is currently ongoing. Chauhan said that the world has high expectations from Prime Minister Modi in difficult times today.
Thanking Gujarat for producing stalwart leaders, Chauhan said, “This is the holy land of Gujarat that has given us Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and Narendra Modi. The world first listened to Mahatma. Today, if there is anyone they listen to, it is Narendra Modi. They see a hope in the leadership of Modiji.”
Chauhan also evoked a message from Bhartiya Jan Sangh leader Deendayal Upadhayay for unification of communities. Chauhan said, “Deendayal Upadhayay said they were unsure if going to temples, fasting for penance or singing prayers could actually please God. But they said that if you serve the poor, you will see the God in their eyes. The party and Modiji are doing just that.”
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
This article is over 7 years old
Freedom of information requests reveal police with convictions ranging from burglary to perverting the course of justice
More than 900 serving police officers and community support officers have a criminal record, official figures show.
Forces across England and Wales employ officers with convictions for offences including burglary, causing death by careless driving, robbery, supplying drugs, domestic violence, forgery and perverting the course of justice.
Those with criminal records include senior officers, among them two detective chief inspectors and one chief inspector working for the Metropolitan police.
At least 944 serving officers and police community support officers (PCSOs) have a conviction, according to the figures released by 33 of the 43 forces in England and Wales in response to freedom of information requests.
Many forces could not provide details of criminal records dating from before their staff joined the police, meaning the true figure will be significantly higher.
The Met, Britain's largest force, headed the list with 356 officers and 41 PCSOs with convictions.
It was followed by Kent police (49), Devon and Cornwall police (44), Essex police (42), South Yorkshire police (35), Hampshire police (31) and West Midlands police (27), although not all the figures are directly comparable.
The criminal records include:
• Devon and Cornwall police: a constable convicted of burglary as a teenager.
• Essex police: one inspector convicted of dangerous driving; another inspector of possessing and supplying cannabis; a detective constable convicted of robbery; a constable convicted of data protection breaches for viewing intelligence records relating to friends, relatives or other people living in the local area, and a special constable convicted of stealing a set of car number plates, putting them on another vehicle and obtaining petrol without paying.
• Hertfordshire police: a sergeant convicted of dangerous driving.
• Kent police : a constable convicted of perverting the course of justice in 1998.
• Merseyside police: five officers convicted of assault and one of causing death by careless driving.
• Norfolk police: a constable convicted of causing death by careless driving.
• North Wales police: an officer convicted of forgery.
• Staffordshire police: an inspector convicted of assault causing actual bodily harm and a constable convicted of keeping a dangerous dog.
• Surrey police: a detective constable convicted of obstructing police officers; a constable convicted of wounding; a constable convicted of drink-driving in 1988 and resisting arrest a decade later, and a constable convicted over animal suffering in 2006.
Most of the convictions are for traffic offences such as speeding and drink-driving, but the records also include a South Yorkshire police officer convicted of fishing without a licence.
Home Office guidelines issued in 2003 say police officers should have "proven integrity" because they are vulnerable to pressure from criminals to reveal information.
The guidance says forces should reject potential recruits with convictions for serious offences – including causing actual bodily harm, burglary, dangerous driving and supplying drugs – unless there are "exceptionally compelling circumstances".
I'm excited to announce an agreement with Daimler, one of the world's top auto manufacturers with more than a century of experience designing some of the world's best and most iconic vehicles. In the coming years, Daimler has planned to introduce and operate their own self-driving cars on Uber's ridesharing network.
We are incredibly excited by the potential for self-driving cars to further our mission of bringing reliable transportation to everyone, everywhere. They will also help to reduce traffic accidents, which today kill many people a year; free up the huge amount of space currently used to park the world's billion-plus cars; and cut congestion, which is choking our cities.
Of course, we can't do it alone. Auto manufacturers like Daimler are crucial to our strategy because Uber has no experience making cars—and in fact, making cars is really hard. This became very clear to me after I visited an auto manufacturing plant and saw how much effort goes into designing, testing and building cars.
That's why instead of building them ourselves, we want to partner with the best auto manufacturers in the world. We can combine Uber's global ridesharing network with the world-class vehicles of companies like Daimler, so that Uber riders can have a great experience getting around their cities.
I've been personally impressed with Daimler—whose company mantra is “The Best or Nothing”—and with the leadership of Dieter Zetsche, who had a friendly debate with me about the future of mobility and the auto industry last year in Berlin. Dieter said then that Daimler and Uber could be “frenemies”—in fact, we turned out to be great partners.
By opening up the Uber platform to Daimler, we can get to the future faster than going it alone. It's a future in which our cities and roads will be safer, cleaner and more accessible, and we couldn't be more excited about what's next.
Every year, after the tenth week of the college football season, I do my Top Ten Draft Prospects I Love and Hate More Than You. In 2015, Chris Jones made my Love list. I have had them graded as a first rounder since my original big board last spring.
Considering entering their true junior season, Jones had made only three starts, all as a first-year student, why was I so high on Jones?
Jones came to Starkville as a five-star prospect and the nation's No. 2 overall prospect, and flashed elite athleticism their first two seasons. They were named a first-year student All-American, who appeared destined to be a top-10 selection.
However, Jones became part of a rotation in 2014, and did not start a single game, and finished the 2014 season with just 26 tackles, with 3.5 tackles for loss, including three sacks.
Jones reemerged to start all 13 games in 2015, and finished last season with 44 tackles, with 7.5 tackles for loss, including 2.5 sacks. They also had four pass breakups.
Most draft analysts still seem to see Jones as an underachiever, even though they displayed better consistency last season. ProFootballFocus named them a second-team All-American and currently ranks them as their number eight overall prospect. Of coarse, we know PFF is very results-oriented with their grading, often ignoring physical short comings.
Jones does not have any physical short comings. At 6'6/308, their frame and skill set reminds me of Ra'Shede Hageman, who was drafted 37th overall by the Falcons. Similar to Jones, Hageman's tape is full on inconsistency, so even in a draft class deep at defensive tackle, I don't believe Jones will fall past pick 37.
While Jones will not always play with good pad level, and will occasionally lose sight of the ball carrier, I see Hageman as Jones' floor, while falling only slightly short of fulfilling the Fletcher Cox comparisons that they heard as soon as they arrived on campus.
In their explanation, PPF wrote "The power is the first thing that stands out, and it was put to good use as Jones ranked fourth in the nation among interior defensive linemen. They can move blockers at the point of attack and push the pocket, and they still have room to grow as a player."
While not quite as high on Jones, in their first mock draft of the year, CBSSports.com's Pete Prisco has the Redskins selecting them with the 21st overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft.
NFL Network's Daniel Jeremiah ranked Jones 37th, writing "Jones is a toolsy prospect with big upside but they will need time to develop."
Neither Bucky Brooks nor Charles Davis had them in their top-50 lists.
Lance Zierlein had them just 68th in their top-100 list, but was complimentary in when writing Jones' NFL.com draft profile, suggesting Jones plays "with tremendous natural power."
Has strength in their hands and upper body to shed blockers without much effort when it's time. Made to stymie downhill rushing attacks. Can battle through wash­-down blocks and work their way back into a tackle. High school hooper with sneaky lateral foot quickness. Uses quick feet and shoulder turn to leverage them into gaps for disruption. Flashes some occasional "quick win" hand work as pass rusher. Posted 34 quarterback pressures and 11.5 run stuffs. Has talent and strength to do what they want on some snaps. Can generate a heavy pocket push when they get some knee-­bend going. Sure­fire tackler with vision and agility to scrape down line of scrimmage and clean up runners working through line of scrimmage.
Against LSU, Jones had a season-high eight tackles. Jones' LSU tape is a good one because it has them going against one of the best offensive lines in the country. It also shows their characteristic missed opportunities.
The Missouri game is not yet up on DraftBreakdown, but it is a game worth watching, as there are a bunch of snaps of them at DE, both in a 3-4 and a 4-3. In this game, Jones got a bunch of hurries, but failed to finish on a few when a quarterback was within their grasp.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vguCmKduWrY
While Walterfootball ranked 15 defensive tackles above Jones, I am having a hard time finding 15 players players, regardless of position, I like better than Jones.
I predict Jones will have a great performance at the NFL Combine, and leapfrog many of the defensive lineman currently ranked ahead of him. Jones traits will make them appealing to both 3-4 and 4-3 teams. In fact, I think they could line up as a 4-3 DE in certain packages. Unfortunately for the Panthers, a top-20 selection is within their reach.
rammjaeger Forum Ace of Aces
Join Date: Sep 1998 Posts: 4,593
A calendary of the Great battles in WWI by the General staff mentions an attack of LZ 98 against Petersburg for 30 January 1917. However, this mission did fail like the earlier ones because of unfavourable conditions.
"Fligth" reported in the issue of 7 March 1918 (probably know to you):
"A Raid on Petrograd.
PROBABLY by way of stimulating the Bolshevists of Petrograd to hurry their delegates to sign the peace treaty, a German aeroplane dropped bombs on several parts of Petrograd on March 3rd. Three people were killed and five
wounded, but the material damage was not serious."
So, I note one day difference to your source.
However, the German troops had captured Hapsal (Haapsalu) on 23 February and took Reval/Tallin in very early March 1918. THese locations are situated 350 to 400 km from Petersburg/Petrograd and it is hard to imagine that the German would risk this adventure if the Peace treaty was already signed on 3 March 1918. On the other hand one could argue and see a sense in an attack like "Flight".
I think two facts are interesting here:
1) Lenin was trying to get peace, whatever the price was but Trotsky was very afraid of the German advance to Petersburg and willing to co-operate with the Allieds in this time.
2) The Estonian troops did often change the sides in this time and some co-operated with the advancing German troops. So, we have still the opportunity that Estonians or anti-Soviet minded troops did attack Petrograd (IF the above report about an attack is not a fake or informational error).
There were enough airplanes around, the Germans captured alone 22 Russian airplanes within some days according to reports.
However, even the way from Estonias borders to Petrograd was pretty long and I can not see any positive proof for a German attack until now.
I wonder if some of our Russian or Baltic contributors know more here.
My homepage:
http://www.flugplatzgeschichte-grossenhain.de.tl/ __________________My homepage: Last edited by rammjaeger; 22 February 2012 at 08:14 AM . Reason: date corrected
by Adriano B.
Summer Frost is the second Mai-Gidah collection, and Alec's first Spring/Summer effort. As with their debut, Alec Ali Abdulrahim's creative process was stimulated by a piece of fabric and an image that captured their mood, transporting them to a different time and place. In their research they stumbled upon a delicate and bright white floral jacquard textile and the painting of a 16th century high-society gentleman in a background of stately architecture.
Inspired by joy and the positive emotions of their fresh and exciting arrival to London, Alec emboldened the 16th century silhouette they had in mind. “I like dramatic shapes, that still echo classic gentleman style, but in a modern way. Almost futuristic.”
The Summer Frost collection pieces translate this accurately through tailored trousers, midi-length robes with rounded shoulders and floral textured panels, lightweight sheer tops and reinvented bow-ties. “Menswear is pretty basic, so I try to push the boundaries without getting too extravagant”, says Alec, and the result is a seasonal burst of lightness infusing expertly cut statement pieces that are wearable without losing Mai-Gidah's formal distinctiveness.
Alec launched their menswear label Mai-Gidah after graduating from the Academy of Fine Arts in Sint-Niklaas, Belgium.
Credits:
Photographer: Ben Cannon
Hair&Make up: Alex Chalk
Models: Maxim & Andrew @ Supamodelmanagement
Chanie @ Profile
Stephane @ Independent
Styling: Thomas Sels
One of my favorite museums in the world, Evergreen Museum & Library, is located in the city where you would least expect to find such an opulent jewel. It sits on 26 landscaped acres in a leafy neighborhood in the northern quartile of Baltimore. Walk through this Gilded Age homestead of the Garrett family -- railroad barons who built the Baltimore & Ohio -- and you get a strong sense of an eccentric family from the bric-a-brac that fills this 48-room Italianate villa.
Upstairs, near the family bedchambers, the Garretts reclined their derrieres on America's only gold toilet seat. A proper throne, in short, worthy of the family, where even the bathroom's wooden shutters are gilded with 23-karat gold leaf. In the downstairs walnut library, opening out onto the gardens, the family gathered to read rare books. Among the museum's 30,000 volumes are 140 works constituting one of the largest private collections of incunabula -- books printed before 1501. The museum also has the first bible printed in America and one of the world's few surviving double-elephant Audubon folios (50 inches tall) of Birds Of America. The private theater on the second floor was designed by family friend Leon Bakst, the artist best known as the set and costume designer for the Ballet Russe. It is in this charming theater that Alice Garrett endlessly performed their amateur song-and-dance numbers before their captive houseguests.
The city's Mount Vernon section resembles a stately London square. Massimo Borchi/Corbis
Why, might you ask, is Barron's Penta going on about a little-known museum? Because if you're like many wealthy folks, you're looking to plan some more family travel, and Baltimore can make for an easy and rewarding getaway between more exotic trips overseas. The city, to my mind, is America's Marseille.
Baltimore's colonial merchant houses, the warehouses near the old port -- not far from the boarded-up shop fronts and buckled pavement made famous by the HBO series The Wire -- are all redolent of a slightly seedy grandeur similar to Marseille's. Baltimore, I confess, was never high on my must-see list of cities prior to my daughter's attendance at that pricey institution of higher learning known as Johns Hopkins University, but I have since become a devotee of this deeply atmospheric port city. It's an American original. It's authentic.
But you do need a good compass. The revived piers in Baltimore's Inner Harbor are predictably filled with chains, from Hard Rock Café to P.F. Chang's, but veer just slightly from the harbor's fanny-pack pit-stops into the quieter adjacent neighborhoods, and unexpected pleasures await, often at a fraction of New York's or D.C.'s costs.
My favorite restaurant in the lively cobblestone streets of old Fell's Point is the Black Olive, a stylish Greek restaurant specializing in fish. Upon your arrival, the waiter guides you to a chilled glass counter for you to pick your dinner from the day's catch -- grilled dorade or sautéed barbouni (a small-boned fish that the ancient Greeks deemed the only fish acceptable for offering to the gods). A few blocks away, on the edge of Fell's Point, stands Pazo, a fiery Spanish restaurant that has been carved out of a converted warehouse. A soaring ceiling, an oversized dining pit, and lush murals are the backdrop to wood-grilled mushrooms and arroz negro (black rice stuffed with shrimp and cuttlefish).
The Admiral Fell Inn, where Edgar Allan Poe is said to have had their last stiff drink, is smack in the middle of atmospheric Fell's Point, but my family usually stays at the old-world hotel in Mount Vernon, the Peabody Court.
THE MOUNT VERNON SECTION OF BALTIMORE, with its central 1815 statue of George Washington, is like a stately London Square surrounded by elegant townhouses, clubs, and brownstones. The Peabody Institute, the nation's second-oldest conservatory and now run by Johns Hopkins, and the Walters Art Museum are central to the neighborhood. The Walters' Chamber of Wonders, a hall filled with curios that a 17th-century Flemish nobleman might collect, such as a narwhal tusk, faux mermaid, and "corn mummy," is a must-see, even with young children. Mount Vernon also has a very fine Afghan restaurant, The Helmand, owned by one of President Karzai's brothers.
For those with an adventurous spirit, I urge you to make your way to the funky neighborhood of Hampden, best known as the "Baltimore kitsch" playground of the controversial film director John Waters. It's filled with Sicilian-looking palm readers, antique stores, and some surprisingly good restaurants. Grano Emporio, in the bottom two floors of what looks like a modest home in New York's Queens, is in fact charming and stylish and serves squeaky fresh fare: The Zuppa di Pesce Alla Luciana, a robust seafood stew, followed by a flourless almond cake, could have held their heads high in San Francisco, London, or New York, but cost about a third of what those dishes would go for in those cities.
A version of this column appeared Aug. 3 on Barrons.com.
From recent Penta Daily blogs
Insuring the Yacht, July 31
Boat insurance is evolving: Chartis will send divers to hunt for your jewelry lost at sea and experts to prep you for a gale.
Disappointing Returns, July 23
Rich investors had median returns of 1.5% in 2011, said the Institute of Private Investors. Principal-protection strategies did best.
Comments? E-mail penta@barrons.com
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boro have confirmed the signing of Argentinian hot prospect Pedro Silva Torrejon.
The paperwork for the protracted move for the Boca Juniors defensive starlet was squeezed through just before the transfer window closed on Tuesday.
And the highly-rated left-back, 20, has arrived at Rockliffe Park today at the start of a six month loan spell.
If their trial in the Paul Jenkin's Academy side goes well, Boro have an option to sign them on a permanent deal in the summer.
The switch from Buenos Aries giants Boca was agreed last month but got bogged down in red tape.
Boca's head of youth development Jorge Roffo visited Rockliffe last week as part of talks over a future partnership and helped resolve the sticking points.
Torrejon is part of Boca's youth set up but has played twice for the senior side in the Primera Division.
Boro are also keeping tabs on their team-mates Matías Roskopf, a striker and midfielder Julian Chicco, and could bring them in next term.
Former graduates of the ‘Boca Factory' include Carlos Tevez and one time Boro maverick midfielder Carlos Marinelli.
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
Microsoft is renaming its existing embedded Windows operating systems and supplementing them with additional offerings in key device categories, the company announced Tuesday.
Windows XP Embedded will become Windows Embedded Standard, while Windows Embedded CE will be renamed Windows Embedded Compact. Windows Embedded for Point of Service, meanwhile, will become Windows Embedded POSReady.
Windows Embedded Enterprise, meanwhile, will be an application-compatible embedded operating system that will gradually gain a broader set of embedded enabling features. Today it is composed of Windows Vista and Windows XP for Embedded Systems, and is licensed exclusively for embedded device development.
Embedded operating systems typically are found in consumer electronics, traffic-control systems and medical equipment.
The company announced its rebranding plans at Embedded Systems Conference Silicon Valley 2008 in San Jose, Calif.
Intuitive Presentation
"Our aim is to present the evolving Windows Embedded product family in an intuitive fashion, making it easier for our customers to choose the right platforms and tools for their needs," said Kevin Dallas, general manager of the Windows Embedded Business at Microsoft. "Windows Embedded solutions for key device categories will energize our partner ecosystem by enabling new business scenarios and help lay the foundation for partners to successfully fulfill our vision of a new generation of smart, connected, service-oriented devices."
The first renamed product will be Windows Embedded Standard, which will launch on June 3. Windows Embedded Compact and Windows Embedded POSReady will both ship in 2009, until which time they will continue to be sold under their current names.
Microsoft's new key device category solutions will be offered under the Windows Embedded Ready name and will ship as preconfigured toolkits, giving device manufacturers the market-specific features they need to build next-generation devices. Further details will be released later this year, Microsoft said.
New Certification Program
Microsoft also announced on Tuesday the new Windows Embedded CE 6.0 Certification program, designed to provide a common reference point on the skills and technical expertise that Microsoft recommends for all Windows Embedded CE 6.0 developers. It is the first such program for the Windows Embedded family.
The certification exam will be available on May 5 for US$125 through Prometric testing centers worldwide.
Linux Fears?
As Linux increasingly gains ground in the embedded operating system arena, Microsoft's rebranding has caused some speculation that the decision was a reaction to that encroachment.
"Certainly in the embedded space Microsoft is worried about Linux," Greg DeMichillie, a lead analyst at Directions on Microsoft, told LinuxInsider.
"But there are lots of other explanations for why it might rebrand," DeMichillie asserted. "This is a way to take products without much in common and give them the same name to imply that they have more in common than they really do."
Different Kernels
Windows XP Embedded and Windows Embedded CE are based on different kernels and are "pretty different operating systems," they noted. "This is really just an attempt to make Microsoft's two main embedded offerings look like part of the same family. It probably has more significance to the company than it will to consumers."
Of course, the whole notion of having an XP Embedded comes out of Microsoft's attempt to respond to Linux, DeMichillie pointed out. "The big thing that did was let manufacturers take stuff out of the operating system that they didn't want in their device, and that was done to compete with Linux in the device space."
The rebranding, however, is not so much a part of that competition, they said. "A product family that scales from small to large sounds better than saying 'we have two different operating systems."
'Just a Branding Issue'
Indeed, "clarity in branding is always a good thing in the market, and to me the rebranding seems to make sense," Raven Zachary, research director for the open source practice at the 451 Group, told LinuxInsider.
"I'd be hesitant to read too much into the Linux angle here," they cautioned. "Companies do this sort of thing -- it's just part of aligning products for the market. It's not a considerable strategic shift, just a branding issue."
Linux has definitely been growing in the embedded systems market, and "will compete more and more with proprietary embedded systems," Zachary concluded. "But I don't think it's a short-term concern for Microsoft in terms of how it brands its products."
If you run really fast, you gain weight. Not permanently, or it would make a mockery of diet and exercise plans, but momentarily, and only a tiny amount.
Light speed is the speed limit of the universe. So if something is travelling close to the speed of light, and you give it a push, it can't go very much faster. But you've given it extra energy, and that energy has to go somewhere.
Where it goes is mass. According to relativity, mass and energy are equivalent. So the more energy you put in, the greater the mass becomes. This is negligible at human speeds – Usain Bolt is not noticeably heavier when running than when still – but once you reach an appreciable fraction of the speed of light, your mass starts to increase rapidly.
TACOMA (KCPQ) -- Former JBLM soldier Skylar Nemetz was found guilty Thursday of first-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of their wife in Lakewood in 2014.
The Pierce County Superior Court jury rejected the charge of first-degree murder that prosecutors sought and instead chose to convict Netmetz of first-degree manslaughter with a firearm enhancement, which carries a sentencing range of 11.5 to 13.5 years. Sentencing is set for March 25.
SEE ALSO: Knife found on O.J. Simpson property inconsistent with killings: Sources
Nemetz, a Joint Base Lewis-McChord based soldier, shot their wife, Danielle, 19, in the back of the head while they were sitting at a computer on Oct. 16, 2014, at their apartment in the 8500 block of 82nd Street SW in Lakewood. They later told police they were cleaning their AR-15 rifle and didn't think it was loaded.
The prosecution, however, says Nemetz returned home from military training and discovered alcohol at their home. After some discussion, police said, Nemetz learned that a man had purchased the alcohol for their wife. Prosecutor Mark Lindquist said Nemetz thought their wife had been cheating on them and was angry. Two hours later, they shot their wife in the back of the head with an AR-15 while they were at the computer, police said.
Nemetz pleaded not guilty to the murder charge.
After the verdict was read, Danielle's family said they weren't happy with the manslaughter conviction, but that they had to accept it.
Taking the stand at their trial in February, Nemetz broke down in tears and said, "I never meant to hurt my wife, never meant to hurt her."
After the gun went off, they said, "I went up to my wife on the left side and I saw their face and my wife wasn't there anymore ... I saw the gunshot wound ... I knew they were dead."
More news:
Family unhurt after semi truck crashes into home
Firefighter braves icy pond to save dog
Boy who survived freak accident meets their hero
Intel has showcased IIS Smooth Streaming running on Windows 7 but also on a Moblin device based on their Atom processor on September 23rd during Intel Development Forum 2009. This indicates an effort to port Silverlight to Linux separate than Moonlight.
Intel wants to “fuel the growth of Intel Atom-based products designed for the mobile lifestyle”, said Renee James, VP and GM at Intel Software and Services Group, because "the netbook has become one of the most popular consumer devices in the market today, but its true potential has been limited by applications that are not optimized for its mobility and smaller screen size.” Several large computer manufacturers have announced the launch of netbooks based on Moblin: Dell, Acer, Asus, and Samsung. Several Linux distributors, like Canonical, CS2C, Linpus, Mandriva, Novell, Phoenix and Turbolinux, have also announced operating systems based on Moblin 2.
Atom-based devices can run Windows but also Moblin, an open source custom Fedora-based Linux operating system targeted at netbooks, handhelds, smart phones and car computers. Intel started the Moblin project in 2007 then passed it over to the Linux Foundation.
Intel demonstrated IIS Smooth Streaming running both on Windows 7 and Moblin on Atom devices, and promised to make Silverlight available to be run on Moblin early next year. This is done by having a partnership with Microsoft which gives the Silverlight's source code and test suites to Intel which in return will give Microsoft a version of Silverlight ported to Moblin. When that happens, applications developed for Windows/Atom will be also running on Moblin. Microsoft sees this as
a clear extension of our current efforts with Novell where we are building an open source implementation of Silverlight called “Moonlight” that is targeted at the broad range of Linux–based PCs.
The reason of having yet another port of Silverlight to Linux is unclear but it might be pushed by Intel who wants to support Flash on Atom devices and Microsoft might not want to miss this opportunity, especially since the whole porting effort is supported by Intel. It is also not clear if Silverlight applications will run on a .NET runtime or will be ported to Moblin native code. The later seems more likely.
THE players' union has called on Football Federation Australia to help solve the Brisbane Roar that is crisis derailing the club's preparations for the upcoming A-League season.
Professional Footballers Australia officials have counselled Roar players fiercely loyal to Brisbane coach John Aloisi and football director Craig Moore in their battle against club managing director Daniel Cobb.
The Roar's Indonesia-based owner Nirwan Bakrie is set to make a decision on the future of Cobb – who wants to buy the club – possibly as early as this week.
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
PFA chief executive officer John Didulica also hopes FFA – who must approve any change of ownership - takes a stand.
“There's a compelling need for all the people within football, most specifically FFA, to find a solution for the players and the coaches in that organisation, who have really given us so much,” Didulica said in a recorded message.
“We've spent this week … speaking with a number of the players. Clearly they're very passionate about the continued success of their club and also the continuing success of the program they've had there for a number of years.”
Didulica also called for the club's return to Ballymore for training – which Cobb promised soon after their arrival in June but is yet to deliver – to happen “sooner rather than later, so that the training facilities and the platform that the players have is at the level they all need to continue their success”.
Close back rounded vowel u IPA number 308 Encoding Entity (decimal) u Unicode (hex) U+0075 X-SAMPA u Kirshenbaum u Listen source · help
The close back rounded vowel, or high back rounded vowel,[1] is a type of vowel sound used in many spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is ⟨u⟩, and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is u .
In most languages, this rounded vowel is pronounced with protruded lips ('endolabial'). However, in a few cases the lips are compressed ('exolabial').
The close back rounded vowel is almost identical featurally to the labio-velar approximant [w]. [u] alternates with [w] in certain languages, such as French, and in the diphthongs of some languages, [u̯] with the non-syllabic diacritic and [w] are used in different transcription systems to represent the same sound.
Close back protruded vowel [ edit ]
The close back protruded vowel is the most common variant of the close back rounded vowel. It is typically transcribed in IPA simply as ⟨u⟩, which is the convention used in this article. As there is no dedicated IPA diacritic for protrusion, the symbol for the close back rounded vowel with an old diacritic for labialization, ⟨ ̫⟩, can be used as an ad hoc symbol ⟨u̫⟩. Another possible transcription is ⟨uʷ⟩ or ⟨ɯʷ⟩ (a close back vowel modified by endolabialization), but that could be misread as a diphthong.
Features [ edit ]
Its vowel height is close, also known as high, which means the tongue is positioned as close as possible to the roof of the mouth without creating a constriction that would be classified as a consonant.
Its vowel backness is back, which means the tongue is positioned as far back as possible in the mouth without creating a constriction that would be classified as a consonant. Unrounded back vowels tend to be centralized, which means that often they are in fact near-back.
Its roundedness is protruded, which means that the corners of the lips are drawn together, and the inner surfaces exposed.
Occurrence [ edit ]
Close back compressed vowel [ edit ]
Close back compressed vowel u͍ ɯᵝ Listen source · help
Some languages, such as Japanese and Swedish, have a close back vowel that has a distinct type of rounding, called compressed or exolabial. Only Shanghainese is known to contrast it with the more typical protruded (endolabial) close back vowel, but the height of both vowels varies from close to close-mid.
There is no dedicated diacritic for compression in the IPA. However, compression of the lips can be shown with the letter ⟨β̞⟩ as ⟨ɯ͡β̞⟩ (simultaneous [ɯ] and labial compression) or ⟨ɯᵝ⟩ ([ɯ] modified with labial compression). The spread-lip diacritic ⟨ ͍ ⟩ may also be used with a rounded vowel letter ⟨u͍⟩ as an ad hoc symbol, but 'spread' technically means unrounded.
Features [ edit ]
Its vowel height is close, also known as high, which means the tongue is positioned as close as possible to the roof of the mouth without creating a constriction that would be classified as a consonant.
Its vowel backness is back, which means the tongue is positioned as far back as possible in the mouth without creating a constriction that would be classified as a consonant. Unrounded back vowels tend to be centralized, which means that often they are in fact near-back.
Its roundedness is compressed, which means that the margins of the lips are tense and drawn together in such a way that the inner surfaces are not exposed.
Occurrence [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
: Theis back up for testing !]The PBE has been updated and the newchampion update is ready for testing! In addition tonew kit, new visuals, and updated skins, we also have the return of, a newWard skin, upgrades to PersistentChat, and several tentative balance changes!Continue reading for more information!
(Warning: PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers! Manage your expectations accordingly. )
Table of Contents
"I'm no hero - just a Yordle with a hammer." Poppy's is here! This large scope update includes brand-new visuals, a new kit, and updated skins!
Poppy's update here - Poppy Update Feedback thread
Poppy, Keeper of the Hammer
[Pre vs Post Rework Comparison!]
Stats & Abilities Here's a video preview of Poppy's updated kit in action:
Stats
Range: 125
Movement Speed: 340
Base Armor: 29
Armor Growth: 4
Base MR: 32
MR Growth Per Level 1.25
Base Health: 540
Health Growth: 90
Base Mana: 280
Mana Growth: -
Base AD: 58
AD Growth: 4
Iron Ambassador (Passive):
"Poppy's Basic attack throws their buckler, gaining 400 range and [10 + 10 per level] bonus magic damage [18/14/10 @ level 1/7/13] second cooldown. The buckler lands at a nearby location and Poppy can pick it up to gain a shield that absorbs X (15% of their max Health) damage for [4/5/6 @ level 1/7/13] seconds. Enemies can step on the buckler to destroy it. The buckler automatically returns to Poppy is the attack kills the target." champion update is here! This large scope update includes brand-new visuals, a new kit, and updated skins!Be sure to drop off your feedback onupdate here -
Hammer Shock (Q):
35/40/45/50/55 Mana
9/8/7/6/5 Sec Cooldown "Poppy smashes the ground, dealing 30/65/100/135/170 (+.65 bonus AD) plus 6% of the enemies' maximum Health as physical damage, and leaving an unstable area. The Area slows enemies inside it by 20/25/30/35/40% and erupts after 1 second, dealing the initial damage again. Hammer Shock deals 80% damage to minions."
Steadfast Presence (W):
50 Manas
24/22/20/18/16 sec cooldown "Passive: Poppy gains X Armor and X Magic Resist (12% of Armor and Magic Resist). This bonus is doubled if Poppy is below 40% Health. Active: For the next 2.5 seconds, Poppy gains 27/29/31/33/35% Movement Speed. While Steadfast Presence is active, they stop enemy dashes in an area around her, dealing 70/110/150/190/230 (+.7 AP) magic damage."
Heroic Charge (E):
70 Manas
12/11/10/9/8 sec Cooldown "Poppy tackles an enemy, dealing 50/70/90/110/130 (+.5 bonus AD) physical damage and carrying them forward. If Poppy carries the target into terrain, the enemy takes 50/70/90/110/130 (+.5 bonus AD) additional physical damage and is stunned for 1.6/1.7/1.8/1.9/2 seconds."
Keeper's Verdict (R):
100 Manas
140/120/100 sec Cooldown [Max Charge Range] "First Cast: Poppy channels for up to 4 seconds, slowing themselves by 15%. Second Cast: Poppy smashes the ground, emanating a shockwave that deals 200/300/400 (+.9 bonus AD) physical damage to enemies around the first champion hit and knocking them a large distance toward their Summoning Platform. The shockwave length and knockback distance increases with channel duration. Enemies are untargetable while they are being knocked away." Note: If you don't second cast, CD is refunded down to 30 seconds at base]
[Note #2: You can also second casting very quickly and it serves as essentially just a knock up.]
[Note #3: Max knock back range is : If you don't second cast, CD is refunded down to 30 seconds at base]: You can also second casting very quickly and it serves as essentially just a knock up.]: Max knock back range is about 3000
Voiceover Along with the new kit and new visuals, Poppy has a
Along with the new kit and new visuals,has a new VO that clocks in at just over 6 minutes of dialogue including champion and item special interactions and " funny jokes ".
Poppy VO
French
German
Hungarian
Korean
Polish
Portuguese
Turkish and here's Poppy's new
"I'm no hero.. just a yordle with a hammer!"
Lore Here's Poppy's short form
"Though capable of gargantuan feats, Poppy is often completely oblivious to the extent of their power. Toting the hammer bestowed upon her, they wander Demacia, dutifully searching for a fabled hero who is to lead the kingdom to greatness. Little do they know, they are that hero, and the destiny of Demacia is in their hands."
Non-EnglishVO available here: and here'snew Champion Select Quote Here'sshort form in client bio:
Updated skins:
Battle Regalia Poppy
Scarlet Hammer Poppy
Noxus Poppy
[Legacy]
Blacksmith Poppy [Legacy]
Ragdoll Poppy
[Legacy]
Lollipoppy [Legacy]
[Lollipoppy puts on a "happy face" during their dance, a reference to their original splash!]
New Ward Skin
NOTE
Penguin Skier Ward
640 RP / Legacy
Riot LoveStrut
"The Penguin Skier Ward is here to add more cuddliness and snowiness to your vision game!
The Penguin Skier Ward has...
All new model and textures! (Cute little penguin with winter gear and skis!)
New sound effects! (There is currently a bug affecting these sounds, but we'll get that fixed asap!)
New snowy particles! (Snow and sparkles!)
New animations, including an on-hit animation! (Just don't feel too bad when you try to take out this little dude's ward) If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to leave a comment below! :D We really appreciate your feedback."
New Champion Select Experience Returns for more testing
Lyte
"Hey everyone,
We need some players to help us run through the new Champ Select on PBE again.
We've toned down some of the animations to see if they were the culprit that caused crashes in the last PBE test; if you crash in this version of Champ Select, please let us know:
1) Which phase did you crash in? (Lobby, Pick Intent, Bans, Picks, etc)
2) What were you doing right before the crash?
3) If possible, send us your dxdiag to lyte@riotgames.com
Thank you so much for your help!"
Rift Herald Changes
Persistent Chats upgraded
Limely on recent updates to the Persistent Chats/ Here's with information on recent updates to the Persistent Chats/ Clubs features currently testing on the PBE!
"Hi, Everyone,
A couple months ago we rolled out persistent chat rooms onto the PBE. This was an early test for building the foundation for new social features we announced with the 2016 Season Update. As we officially move forward, we've updated the name on PBE to reflect that these "chatrooms" have evolved into our earliest version of clubs.
What are clubs? They are player-named, player-organized, and player-controlled social groups. The long-term goal is to help you head into games with the right teammates every time by helping you find like-minded players to compete with. We plan on building a whole lot more on top of the current functionality of clubs but right now we're starting simple. Just like “persistent chat rooms”, you can own one club and be a member of three at any given time, with all the same moderation tools.
With this first update, you can now set a tag for your club that can be displayed in various places including your Hovercard, and more importantly, in game. Ranked team tags will still take precedence in ranked team games. Since you can belong to multiple clubs, you now have the option of setting a club to be active, which means that club's chat room will open on login, and other players will see that affiliation.
We plan to push out updates to clubs as they become available (which means we'll need to occasionally reset all clubs), so take a look and let us know if clubs make it easier to stay connected in League with friends!
Thanks,
Limely :3
p.s. We are playing around with colors on tags so please put up with the current atrocity for a day or two. :3"
[After joining a persistent chat / club, you must set an "active club" to see the club tag]
[Currently minimum of 2 and max of 5 characters for tags]
[Tag Displayed on Hovercard]
[Tag Displayed in game]
‘Legend of the Poro King' game mode live now on PBE
L4T3NCY
""Now come the days of the King..." ...the PORO KING! :D
The Legend of the Poro King is returning! For those of you new to the game mode, here are the rules again:
New summoner spells
When playing the Legend of the Poro King, your regular summoner spells are replaced with two new ones, made just for the mode:
1) Poro Toss / Poro Dash: (20sec cooldown)
Throw a Poro a long distance, dealing true damage to the first enemy unit hit. This ability can be recast for 3 seconds after it hits an enemy to cast Poro Dash, which will dash your champion to the target hit. Dashing to the target will reduce the cooldown of Poro Toss by 5 seconds.
2) To the King!: (10sec cooldown)
Passive: Hitting an enemy champion with a Poro gives your team a Poro Mark. Upon reaching 10 Poro Marks, your team summons the Poro King to fight alongside them. While the Poro King is active, no Poro Marks can be scored by either team.
Active: Quickly dash to the Poro King's side. Can only be cast when the Poro King is summoned for your team.
The Poro King
The Poro King is benevolent and will aid whichever team has summoned him. They can be dispelled, but only to return again when enough favour has been curried with him. As a tanky siege minion, they bring an impressive power boost to whichever team he's aiding. Their powers include:
-- Tanky siege minion with a LOT of health. Let them be your front line!
-- The Poro King absorbs all Poros within their range being thrown by the enemy team, making them a powerful pushing force.
-- The Poro King will heal nearby allied champions every 5 seconds for health and a smaller amount of mana based on the team's average level.
-- Every 5 seconds, the Poro King will lob out Poros in an arc around him, dealing magic damage to enemies where they land.
We're also bringing back the Poro icons from last year! Equipping them as your summoner icon will skin your poros in the Poro King game mode for the duration the mode is live!
That's all for now. :) Let us know if you guys spot any bugs!
--- L4T3NCY "
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These are not official notes.
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These areofficial notes.
Champions
Flash Frost (Q) chill duration lowered to 2 seconds from 3 seconds. [s]
chill duration lowered to 2 seconds from 3 seconds. [s] Glacial Storm (R) chill duration lowered to 1 seconds from 2 seconds. [s 1& s 2]
Traveler's Call (Passive) Meep recharge rate reduced to 8 from 10 [s]
Dr. Mundo
Infected Cleaver (Q)
Max damage to monsters 300/350/400/450/500
Current health damage changed to 15/17.5/20/22.5/25% from 15/18/21/23/25%
Masochism (E)
Maximum health scaling is now 3/3.5/4/4.5/5% from 5% at all ranks
No longer applies extra damage to towers.
Base HP reduced to 580 from 599
reduced to 580 from 599 HP growth reduced to 90 from 95
reduced to 90 from 95 Warpath (Passive) NO LONGER ignores unit collision.
Devastating Charge (E) can now move through units during duration of buff.
Crystal Spires (Passive) Attack speed bonus lowered to [39-90%] from [43-160%]
Attack speed bonus lowered to [39-90%] from [43-160%] Crystal Slash (Q) total AD ratio reverted to 33/36/39/42/45% from 33/35/37/39/41%
total AD ratio to 33/36/39/42/45% from 33/35/37/39/41% Impale (R) total AD ratio down to .4 from 1
Items Farsight Alteration
Cooldown is now 76-60 (at level 9-18) from 61-48 (at level 9-18)
Vision Radius of ward decreased to 500 from 900
Masteries
[Tooltip updated.]
Monsters
Now drops a relic you can pick up to get the buff rather than it going to whoever killed it.
Both teams can see this relic but only team who got the RH kill can pick up.
All six ofcurrent skins (including four legacy skins) has been updated to go along with their champion updates, including new splash arts for each!: On last check this little guy isn't enabled for testing but their assets we added in today's update!]Here'swith a bugs & feedback thread for theAfter it's original introduction in the 5.22 PBE cycle , thehas returned to the PBE for another round of testing!Here'sHere's a small gallery of the new champion select experience:Rather than bestowing a buff to the player who slays it, Rift Herald now drops a relic at the entrance to it's pit that grants thebuff to whoever walks over it.While BOTH teams can see this relic when it drops, currently only the team who got the Rift Herald kill can actually pick it up to get the buff.As mentioned in the post, your club tag will now show up in-game and on the hovercard!While this new feature has been in testing on the PBE for a while, check out the 2016 Season Update post about clubs for more information! No ETA on live launch yet!As mentioned in the Snowdown preview is back on the PBE to get ready for it's return to the live servers in patch 5.24!Here'swith more information: In case you need a reminder, here's what the unique poro skins look like:
A newly-named dinosaur whose head frill was adorned with curly horns has joined the ranks of the legendary family that includes the Triceratops, paleontologists said on Wednesday.
The lumbering creature is named Wendiceratops pinhornensis, after the fossil hunter Wendy Sloboda, who first discovered the trove of some 200 bones in southern Alberta, Canada, said the study in the journal PLOS ONE.
The plant-eating dinosaur lived about 79 million years ago, weighing more than a ton and measuring about 20 feet long.
In all, more than 200 bones were collected from the Oldman Formation of southern Alberta, near the border with the US state of Montana, in 2011.
Paleontologists said the bones belonged to three adults and one juvenile.
• The Jurassic Park scientist who plans to turn a chicken into T Rex
"We have parts of the body, legs, feet. We have parts of the skull, significantly, and that is what allowed us to describe this brand-new dinosaur," said Michael Ryan, curator of the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.
Fossil hunter Wendy Sloboda
"One of the most interesting things about Wendiceratops is that it is one of the oldest centrosaurine-horned dinosaurs known from North America."
They said Wendiceratops appeared to be closely related to an Asian horned dinosaur called Sinoceratops, which was similar in shape and size.
• Asking Google 'What happened to the dinosaurs?' leads to a controversial answer
"What we think may have happened is that Wendiceratops, or animals very closely related to it, may have actually given rise to the animals that Sinoceratops evolved from, and they actually migrated from North America back over to Asia."
And while the exact shape of the animal's large nose horn is still unknown because the fragments were too small to reconstruct it fully, researchers said its head ornaments were unlike any dinosaur known to science.
"The wide frill of Wendiceratops is ringed by numerous curled horns, the nose had a large, upright horn, and it's likely there were horns over the eyes too," said co-author David Evans, curator of vertebrate paleontology at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, Canada.
"The number of gnarly frill projections and horns makes it one of the most striking horned dinosaurs ever found."
Sloboda is a well-known Canadian fossil hunter who discovered the site in 2010. Over the past three decades, they have uncovered hundreds of important fossils.
Another long-extinct creature they uncovered already bears their name - a meat-eating bird called the Barrosopus slobodai.
"Wendy Sloboda has a sixth sense for discovering important fossils.  They are easily one of the very best dinosaur hunters in the world," said Evans.
This is part of our React Fundamentals course. Check it out if you like this post.
If you're reading this you're probably familiar with the idea of functions. When to use and when to not use a function probably comes pretty natural to you. In this post we're going to learn how to leverage that knowledge to build better user interfaces.
One of the best parts of React.js is that you can use the same intuition that you have about functions for when to create new React components. However, instead of your function taking in some arguments and returning a value, your function is going to take in some arguments and return some UI. This idea can be summed up in the following formula, f(d)=V. A Function takes in some Data and returns a View. This is a beautiful way to think about developing user interfaces because now your UI is just composed of different function invocations, which is how you're already used to building applications and every benefit that you get from functions is now transferred over to your UI.
Let's look at some actual code now.
var getProfilePic = function ( username ) { return 'https://photo.fb.com/' + username } var getProfileLink = function ( username ) { return 'https://www.fb.com/' + username } var getProfileData = function ( username ) { return { pic : getProfilePic ( username ) , link : getProfileLink ( username ) } } getProfileData ( 'tylermcginnis' )
Looking at the code above, we have three functions and one function invocation. You'll notice our code is very clean and organized because we've separated everything out into different functions. Each function has a specific purpose and we're composing our functions by having one function (getProfileData) which leverages the other two functions (getProfilePic and getProfileLink). Now when we invoke getProfileData we'll get an object back which represents our user. You should be very comfortable with the code above. But now what I want to do is instead of having those functions return some value, let's modify them a bit to return some UI (in the form of JSX). Here you'll really see the beauty of React's render method.
class ProfilePic extends React . Component { render ( ) { return ( < img src = { 'https://photo.fb.com/' + this . props . username' } / > ) } }
class ProfileLink extends React . Component { render ( ) { return ( < a href = { 'https://www.fb.com/' + this . props . username } > { this . props . username } < / a > ) } }
class Avatar extends React . Component { render ( ) { return ( < div > < ProfilePic username = { this . props . username } / > < ProfileLink username = { this . props . username } / > < / div > ) } }
< Avatar username = "tylermcginnis" / >
Now, instead of composing functions to get some value, we're composing functions to get some UI. This idea is so important in React that React 0.14 introduced Stateless Functional Components which allows the code above to be written as normal functions (and which we'll cover more in depth later in the course).
var ProfilePic = function ( props ) { return < img src = { 'https://photo.fb.com/' + props . username' } / > }
var ProfileLink = function ( props ) { return ( < a href = { 'https://www.fb.com/' + props . username } > { props . username } < / a > ) }
var Avatar = function ( props ) { return ( < div > < ProfilePic username = { props . username } / > < ProfileLink username = { props . username } / > < / div > ) }
< Avatar username = "tylermcginnis" / >
One thing each of the functions and components above has in common is they're all “pure functions”.
Perhaps one of my favorite things about React is it's given me a light introduction to functional programming (FP) and a fundamental piece of FP are pure functions.
The whole concept of a pure function is consistency and predictability (which IMO are keys to writing great software).
The reason for the consistency and predictability is because pure functions have the following characteristics.
Pure functions always return the same result given the same arguments.
Pure function's execution doesn't depend on the state of the application.
Pure functions don't modify the variables outside of their scope.
When you call a function that is “pure”, you can predict exactly what's going to happen based on its input. This makes functions that are pure easy to reason about and testable.
Let's look at some examples.
function add ( x , y ) { return x + y }
Though simple, add is a pure function. There are no side effects. It will always give us the same result given the same arguments.
Let's now look at two native JavaScript methods. .slice and .splice
var friends = [ 'Mikenzi' , 'Merrick' , 'Dan' ] friends . slice ( 0 , 1 ) friends . slice ( 0 , 1 ) friends . slice ( 0 , 1 )
Notice .slice is also a pure function. Given the same arguments, it will always return the same value. It's predictable.
Let's compare this to .slice's friend, .splice
var friends = [ 'Mikenzi' , 'Merrick' , 'Dan' ] friends . splice ( 0 , 1 ) friends . splice ( 0 , 1 ) friends . splice ( 0 , 1 )
.splice is not a pure function since each time we invoke it passing in the same arguments, we get a different result. It's also modifying state.
Why is this important for React? Well the main reason is React's render method needs to be a pure function and because it's a pure function, all of the benefits of pure functions now apply to your UI as well. Another reason is that it's a good idea to get used to making your functions pure and pushing “side effects” to the boundaries of your program. I'll say this throughout the course, React will make you a better developer if you learn React the right way. Learning to write pure functions is the first step on that journey.
42 Pages Posted: 6 Feb 2008 Last revised: 24 Dec 2008
Date Written: December 23, 2008
Abstract
There are 59 nations for which data about per capita gun ownership are available. This Article examines the relationship between gun density and several measures of freedom and prosperity: the Freedom House ratings of political rights and civil liberty, the Transparency International Perceived Corruption Index, the World Bank Purchasing Power Parity ratings, and the Heritage Foundation Index of Economic Freedom. The data suggest that the relationships between gun ownership rates and these other measures are complex. The data show that (although exceptions can be found) the nations with the highest rates of gun ownership tend to have greater political and civil freedom, greater economic freedom and prosperity, and much less corruption than other nations. The relationship only exists for high-ownership countries. Countries with medium rates of gun density generally scored no better or worse than countries with the lowest levels of per capita gun ownership.
(Foto: Flickr / Núcleo Editorial)
Um estudo recente mostrou que os homens se sentem mais "masculinos" quando fazem suas parceiras terem orgasmos na hora do sexo. Essas descobertas, feitas por dois pesquisadores da Universidade de Michigan, sugerem que dar prazer às mulheres também é importante para que eles agradem a si mesmos.
Isso ocorre porque, de acordo com os especialistas, a sociedade escreve "roteiros sexuais" para as pessoas e os homens geralmente sentem que precisam "provar-se através de realizações simbolicamente masculinas", escrevem os autores do estudo.
Leia mais:
+ Orgasmos feminismo não são tão misteriosos quanto parecem, diz pesquisa
+ 6 coisas que a ciência descobriu sobre sexo e que você precisa saber
A pesquisa foi feita com 810 homens maiores de 18 anos que declararam se sentirem atraídos por mulheres. Após alguns procedimentos, eles deveriam classificar como se sentiam: a maior parte deles relatou se sentir mais "masculino" quando a parceira teve um orgasmo.
Os autores do estudo dizem que a insistência de um homem em ajudar a mulher a alcançar o ápice de prazer sexual pode levá-lo a "descartar importantes fatores contextuais e/ou a própria mulher e as experiências em torno do prazer sexual".
+ 5 fatos científicos sobre os orgasmos
+ 7 formas de se prevenir na hora do sexo além da camisinha
Para os especialistas, o estudo apenas prova que o sexo deve ser uma relação de cumplicidade e atenção ao parceiro: "Os orgasmos das mulheres devem ser experimentados — quando são desejados — como uma parte maravilhosa da sexualidade, não como algo que os homens dão às mulheres como um exemplo de suas proezas. As ideias culturais sobre a masculinidade levam muitos homens a sentir que precisam viver de acordo com certos ideais, e isso acaba sendo ruim para o prazer sexual", afirmaram os pesquisadores ao PsyPost.
Curte o conteúdo da GALILEU? Tem mais de onde ele veio: baixe o app da Globo Mais para ver reportagens exclusivas e ficar por dentro de todas as publicações da Editora Globo. Você também pode assinar a revista, por R$ 4,90 e baixar o app da GALILEU.
Sen. Al Franken has been grilling execs from Apple and Google about location data privacy.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Two senators proposed a mobile privacy bill on Wednesday, in response to a furor over the news that Apple and Google devices can track and store users' location information.
The so-called "Locationgate" kicked off in April, after two British researchers released an open source application that let Apple's (AAPL, Fortune 500) customers see the location data stored on their iPhones and 3G iPads. The brouhaha soon expanded to include Google (GOOG, Fortune 500).
The bill introduced Wednesday would require device makers and app developers "to receive express consent" from mobile users "before collecting or sharing information about those users' location with third parties."
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., co-sponsored the bill, which is called the Location Privacy Protection Act of 2011.
The lawmakers said the bill "would close loopholes in current federal law to ensure that consumers know what location information is being collected ... and allow them to decide if they want to share it."
Franken acknowledged that location data can be useful, "but the same information that allows emergency responders to locate us when we're in trouble is not necessarily information all of us want to share with the rest of the world.
Franken has already grilled tech executives on privacy issues, in their capacity as the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law.
Last month Franken held a hearing to ask questions of Alan Davidson, Google's director of public policy, and Guy L. "Bud" Tribble, an Apple vice president.
At the hearing, both companies defended their data collection practices and pointed out that they can't control what third-party app makers do.
Apple's Tribble said the information tracked by Apple's iPhones is not the user's specific location, but rather the locations of the Wi-Fi network routers and cell towers around the device.
That data is used to locate users if GPS is unavailable, and to more quickly locate a GPS signal when one is around -- information that's crucial for maps and many other smartphone apps.
Franken responded dryly: "I find that confusing."
Google's Davidson reiterated at the hearing that Android devices collect location data, but only with users' consent. Any location data that is sent back to Google location servers is not tied or traceable to a specific user.
While Apple and Google have been in the limelight, wireless carriers are facing their own barrage of questions. In April, Verizon Wireless (WZ) said it would start slapping 'we can track you!' warning stickers on its products.
More Sandwiches Tips and tricks for making the best sandwiches at home.
The classic shooter's sandwich is made by stuffing cooked steak into a hollowed out loaf of bread along with sautéed mushrooms and onions, dressing it with mustard and horseradish, then wrapping it tightly and pressing it overnight under very heavy weights. You end up with a sort of portable version of beef Wellington the next day, ready to be sliced into wedges and eaten on a picnic (or a hunt, as the case may be). But as impressive as it may be on paper, we discovered the sad reality by making the absolute best version of the original shooter. It fails at the most basic job of any great sandwich: the whole must be greater than the sum of its parts.
But the idea of a party-sized, ultra-pressed sandwich is so appealing that I've spent the last few weeks brainstorming and testing recipes for versions of shooter's-style sandwiches that actually work.
Check out our awesome interactive infographic to take a look at four of my favorites and get an up-close and personal look at what's in between the buns.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
As a young radio announcer in the North Korean city of Hyesan, Park Ju-hui used to tread gingerly through streets strewn with corpses on their way to work. Nearly 20 years since the devastating famine of the mid-1990s, life is very different.
“Women are wearing clothes – from Japan or South Korea – that show off their figure if they have some money, and cosmetics from South Korea, too,” says Ms Park, who defected to South Korea in 2012. They remain in touch with family in Hyesan thanks to a mobile phone illicitly brought from China. “Seven out of 10 homes have colour TV, and people can afford to make meat broth once a month . . . The quality of life has improved a lot.”
At first glance, their testimony might seem encouraging for Kim Jong-un, North Korea's young leader. Since they came to power just over two years ago they have stressed a desire to strengthen the economy and “improve the people's standard of living” – a phrase that appeared seven times in their latest new year address.
Yet Hyesan's growing middle class is more a reflection of the North Korean government's surrender of control over much of the real economy than a result of improved policies. It is also a window into North Korea's struggle to foster economic development while keeping a totalitarian political system alive.
After the starvation of up to 1m people in the famine demonstrated the state's inability to feed its people, it was forced to turn a blind eye to the informal markets that sprang up. For residents of cities such as Hyesan, near the border with China, the opportunity to engage in illicit trade with Chinese merchants has been especially lucrative.
When Mr Kim took power on their father's death in December 2011, foreign media wondered if the Swiss-educated twenty-something would undertake the drastic changes needed to address their nation's abject poverty and miserable human rights record, and end its diplomatic isolation.
With speeches promising higher living standards, the world's youngest national leader has broken with the dry style of their father Kim Jong Il, who stressed a “military first” agenda and never gave a public address. State media has made the most of the youth of Mr Kim – who recently turned 31, according to their family's former sushi chef – and their glamorous wife, Ri Sol Ju. They have been shown cheering at a pop concert, enjoying basketball matches with former NBA star Dennis Rodman and riding a rollercoaster.
But behind the gregarious image, Mr Kim has shored up their position with the most sweeping purge of senior officials since their grandfather crushed dissent in the late 1950s. Half the top 218 military and administrative officials have been replaced since they took power, according to South Korean intelligence, with the army chief changed three times in 15 months.
The purge reached a climax in December when Jang Song Thaek, Mr Kim's most senior adviser and uncle by marriage, was executed for alleged treason. Moon Chung-in, a former South Korean presidential adviser who met Jang on three occasions, was surprised by accusations they had been trying to overthrow Mr Kim, describing Jang as prudent and unassuming. “He was always trying to be in the shadows,” they recall.
Youthful leader: Kim Jong-un has overseen sweeping leadership purges
North Korean official media claimed that while “organising units for foreign trade and earning foreign money”, Jang sold coal and other “precious resources” cheaply or “at random”. For many observers, that pointed to tension at the highest levels of the North Korean state, as military and party officials jostle for a share of the spoils from the country's booming trade with China.
Visitors to Pyongyang over the past two years speak of growing prosperity. There are more cars on the formerly traffic-free streets – including BMWs, despite a UN ban on luxury goods imports. Children in the city's parks use skates, department stores are increasingly well-stocked, and a growing number of once drab shops bear hoardings with eye-catching logos.
The capital has always offered higher living standards than the rest of North Korea, serving as a home for about 3m of those considered most dependable and loyal to the regime. But the huge growth in exports to China over the past decade has vastly increased the rewards on offer to the city's best-connected residents.
“It's the rich who really gain from foreign trade,” says Jang Jin-sung, a former government official who defected to the South and now runs New Focus International, a news website on North Korea. “The market is controlled by the children of high-ranking officials. Lots of people have their own cars now but the gap between rich and poor is very big.”
Chinese trade with North Korea hit a record $6.6bn last year, according to the Seoul-based Korea International Trade Association – the vast majority of Pyongyang's trade and up ninefold since 2001. Aside from helping meet Chinese demand, Andrei Lankov, a North Korea expert at Kookmin University in Seoul, says Beijing's increased economic support for its erstwhile Korean war ally – through increased fuel exports, for example – is aimed at staving off the risk of the regime collapsing.
“The system as it once was has become a hybrid,” says Andray Abrahamian, executive director of Choson Exchange, which provides business training to young North Koreans. “Increasingly, over the last decade, people see business as the way to get ahead rather than the traditional way, which would be getting ahead in the party or the military.”
…
Amid claims that China is exploiting its near-monopsony of North Korean mineral exports to pay below market rates, the country has stepped up efforts to garner foreign currency from elsewhere. “We are opening up the economy and welcome foreign companies and increased trade,” says Hyon Hak Bong, Pyongyang's ambassador to London. “We visited Vietnam, China, Singapore, Malaysia, Switzerland to share their experience of developing the national economy.”
One focus is tourism projects, for example the newly opened Masik Pass ski resort, which South Korean intelligence estimates cost $300m. Pyongyang is also seeking foreign direct investment; in October it hosted a conference where academics, government officials and foreign experts discussed potential for special economic zones, providing preferential tax treatment to investors.
“I had no idea what a popular issue [SEZs] would be,” says Park Kyung-ae, a University of British Columbia professor who organised the conference. “But it was quite clear that the North Koreans were serious about foreign investment.” A month after the conference, North Korea announced plans for 14 new zones across the country.
One western diplomat in Seoul reports a small but growing volume of inquiries about doing business in North Korea. “We tell these people not to do it. We can't help them if things go wrong,” they say, noting North Korea's poor reputation for transparency and consistency.
Yet some companies believe the returns outweigh the risks. Orascom, the Egyptian telecoms operator, runs North Korea's monopoly mobile phone service, with 2m subscribers, although there are restrictions on repatriation of profits. SRE Minerals, a holding company backed by anonymous investors, has a joint venture with the North Korean government to develop what it says could be the world's biggest resource of rare earth metals, vital to modern electronic devices.
“Our agreements are watertight, signed at sovereign government level,” says Louis Schurmann, a veteran mining geologist and executive director of SRE Minerals. “I'd rather invest in North Korea before I touch countries like Mongolia, Myanmar, Congo – those countries are more unstable than North Korea.”
But the execution of Jang was seen as a bad sign for foreign investment, particularly at the existing Rason SEZ in the country's northeast, with which they were strongly associated. Even before their death, Ms Park says, experts warned “attracting FDI will not be easy without any investment precedent, overcoming political obstacles, like sanctions. It's very difficult to move money into that country”.
…
The majority of North Koreans still endure grinding poverty that contrasts sharply with the lifestyles of the smugglers of Hyesan, let alone the Pyongyang elite. A study last October by the World Food Programme estimated only 16 per cent of households had “acceptable food consumption”. In the northern province of Ryanggang, 40 per cent of children under five were stunted. It found no evidence of substantial reforms in collectivised agriculture, despite talk in 2012 of sweeping changes to allow smaller “family-sized” teams to keep and sell 30 per cent of everything they produced.
Some analysts argue that such reforms are slowly being introduced, along with radical changes to industrial production, offering far higher wages to factory workers and greater autonomy for managers.
But the government has reason to hold back from wholesale economic reforms, Mr Abrahamian notes. “They are locked in competition with the South Korean state and I think they worry that if they get it wrong, the balance of legitimacy could swing towards Seoul,” they say. “The common analysis is that North Korean people would say: if we are an economy-first country, if this is our main focus, why aren't we competing more closely with South Korea?”
In fact, the state has already lost its erstwhile ideological hold over its people, says Jang Hae-seong, a former North Korean state television producer who now chairs a centre for exiled North Korean writers. “The key is complete control of information,” they say. “The common people used to believe the propaganda, but not any more. There is an extreme difference with when I was there.”
Among the consumer goods flowing over the border from China are cheap electronics that have destroyed the North Korean state's monopoly on information: radios that can be tuned to foreign Korean-language broadcasts, mobile phones to call relatives in the South, and DVDs and flash drives offering South Korean television shows. Right groups say a crackdown on these items is under way – part of a new drive by Mr Kim, who called last month for an “ideological campaign . . . to sweep away alien ideological trends and lifestyles”.
FT archive video North Korea warns on US-South Korea military exercise Feb 11 2014: North Korea warns that the annual US-South Korean war games scheduled for February may increase tensions on the peninsula. Simon Mundy reports from Seoul.
Yet it may prove too late to restore enthusiasm for communism among people already seduced by market principles. Chongjin, North Korea's third-biggest city, is home to one of its most feared camps for political prisoners. That has not deterred about two-thirds of its people from watching the glamorous South Korean soap operas that have taken much of Asia by storm, says Joo Yang, who fled the city in October 2010.
“In the past, people left North Korea to escape starvation or poverty but today there are many more who flee because they want to be free,” says Ms Joo, 22. “We risked our lives to watch those dramas, we used to share them around. We were so hungry for freedom that even watching it on a screen, we could fantasise that we too could live like that.”
——————————————-
International relations: Rights and nuclear concerns limit links
North Korea's domestic economy has undergone important changes in the past 15 years but the country remains mired in a diplomatic impasse, despite recent efforts to revive dialogue with South Korea and the US.
Pyongyang has produced several nuclear weapons and is believed to be working on more, having restarted its Yongbyon plutonium reactor last year. Pyongyang claims to need nuclear weapons to fend off the threat of US invasion and in 2012 amended its constitution to declare itself a “nuclear state”.
North Korea's nuclear bomb tests and long-range rocket launches have resulted in UN sanctions. While its key ally China has consistently fought to limit their scope, it appears to have strengthened its own enforcement of them. After North Korea's nuclear test last February, Bank of China closed an account held by the country's main foreign exchange bank and Beijing issued a 236-page list of items with potential military uses, prohibiting their export to North Korea.
Growing pressure from Beijing may have contributed to Pyongyang's efforts this year to improve relations with Seoul. It issued a series of statements stressing its desire to calm tensions on the peninsula, and hosted the first reunion of separated Korean families since 2010.
Park Geun-hye, president of South Korea, has heavily promoted their “trust-building” strategy with the North, but most analysts say dialogue will eventually founder on Seoul's demand that Pyongyang surrender its nuclear weapons.
Pyongyang has also made overtures to the US aimed at restarting multilateral talks but Washington says North Korea must first take steps towards denuclearisation, amid calls from conservative analysts for tighter sanctions that would exclude Pyongyang more fully from the global financial system.
International pressure is also mounting on North Korea over its notorious human rights violations. Last month a UN investigation called for a referral to the International Criminal Court as it documented crimes of stunning brutality– most shockingly in the prison camps that host tens of thousands of people, with abuses ranging from torture to infanticide.
Shannacore Planar Protector
Join Date: Mar 2010 Location: ABQ Posts: 2,758
<Rants & Flames> hosts: EQ Trivia Night! Your friendly neighborhood guild <Rants & Flames> is hosting an Everquest Trivia Night on Friday, August 1st!
Details:
Location: Misty Thicket
Date: Friday, August 1st
Time: 8:30pm – 11:00pm EST *NEW TIME*
Rules:
Questions will be user submitted (see below for details). I will ask a question in /shout and patrons will have five seconds to respond in /ooc. The short timer will hopefully repel you pesky googlers. The questions will come in seven question rounds, beginning with easier questions. I am hoping for ten rounds.
*UPDATE* 8/1/14
Your categories are.....
Food | 5 Questions
Geography | 7 Questions
Cities | 7 Questions
Races | 10 Questions
Kunark Lore | 16 Questions
Gnolls | 8 Questions
Gods | 18 Questions
Quests | 3 Questions
Factions | 1 Question
Items | 6 Questions
Loot | 5 Questions
NPCs | 9 Questions
Miscellaneous | 10 Questions
Prizes:
Platinum pieces and items! Tralina will be donating 5k plat to the cause. I have a handful of items for <level 30 characters I will donate as well. I welcome the donation of plat and items to help with this event. The more plat I can obtain before August 1st means bigger prizes!The prizes for the ten rounds will increase in value as the questions become harder.
List of donators For the event (Updated 7/10/14):
Tralina – 5,000 pp / Miscellaneous Noob Items
Mestema - 1,000 pp / Platinum Ruby Veil and Advisor Robe
<Dial-a-port> - 4,000 pp / Circlet of Shadows
Salamario - Blackened Iron Set, Small studded gear, Small tattered gear, Alligator Tooth Earring x2, Jaundiced Bone Vambraces, Wraith Bone Hammer, Barbed Leather Whip, Polished Granite Tomahawk, Totemic Boots, Totemic Cloak, Electrum Jasper Earring, Silver Jasper Ring x2, Silverish Scimitar, Dwarven Ringmail Tunic, Electrum Jasper Earring x2
SHINKO - 7,777 pp
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am asking for YOU to submit questions for this event! Please PM me with the following information in the following format:
Question:
Answer:
Source:
Answers provided without a legitimate source will not be accepted. I'll be keeping track of these questions in a Google Drive document.
Please feel free to ask questions or offer suggestions!
See you on August 1, nerds!
♥ T R A L I N A 52 Druid | ♥ P I M E N T O 29 Paladin | ♥ C E R E N N A 52 Vicar T R A L I N AP I M E N T OC E R E N N A __________________
It's fun to have a laugh at the expense of ‘The View' because, well, they say stupid things. Many stupid things. By “many,” I mean to say “significantly more than the national average.” But after the attacks in Brussels, they're finally starting to get the Donald Trump momentum…
Joy Behar, an outspoken critic of Trump, pointed out that the Republican was “right” about the Iraq invasion being a “huge mistake” and everyone seemed to be in agreement that Trump accurately noted in January that “there's something bad going on” in Brussels. “He was right, so their foreign policy isn't so outrageous,” co-host Sunny Hostin said. They later added, “I can't believe I'm feeling this way, but they seem reasonable today.” Co-host Paula Faris also expressed some shock that Trump seemed more like the “voice of reason” on terrorism. After making it clear she's not a big fan of Trump's, Raven-Symone admitted Trump uses the “verbiage you use when you close the door to your house and you say it to your family.”
Here's the real kicker.
“… Because we need to be forceful. We can't have these muted responses to terror.” When asked about Hillary Clinton, Sunny responded with, “I think Hillary Clinton came out with what seemed to be a very muted response here.”
It truly is a strange time in politics. It also shows just how much the left really, really doesn't like Hillary Clinton.
They should have been listening to us from the beginning. Or at the very least, Bill Maher.
Of course, before the silver lining of logic is found, you have to comb through the expected asinine responses consistently regurgitated by the semi-regular cast of cackling hags. Raven Simone used the subject of terrorism to make some odd pivot to global warming climate change before calling us all to hold hands and work it out. This is the brilliant commentary you've come to expect from the former Nickelodeon star with a purple mohawk, of course.
Joy Behar of course is so mind-numbingly stupid that as these women engage in a surprisingly reasonable dialogue, she's not even having the same conversation.
“FIFTEEN YEARS AGO WAS WHEN WE INVADED IRAQ!!!” “HE ALIENATES AND EXACERBATES THE PROBLEM WHEN They Talk AGAINST MUSLIMS!”
Keep some Advil handy. The facepalms will make you sore.
The main thing that I noticed here; this felt like watching liberals right after 9/11. Where, at that point, even the most hardline leftists wanted a man with balls in office and supported the idea of protecting the United States. Even though registered Democrats would never admit it, behind closed doors, they were hitting their knees and thanking the Lord above that serial-masseuse-molester , closeted gay , failed environmental oracle former Vice President Al Gore was not at the tiller of the ship.
Like I've said. Trump is far from my number one draft pick. But in a time of war, amongst a sea of men who couldn't find their pills with a testicle-compass… even the ol' birds at “The View” are starting to get the appeal.
Oh, as to why Islam is so violent? Learn more about the history of the religion below.
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
By The Metric Maven
Bulldog Edition
I very much like to check-out Phil Plait's Bad Astronomy blog. Their measurement presentation causes me to generally wince, but its topics are often rather interesting. On 2016-02-20 they wrote about the Largest Fireball Since Chelyabinsk falling over the Atlantic Ocean. The object appears to have possibly exploded (or just burned up) about 30 Kilometers above the ocean surface. Plait assures us there is no cause for alarm; this was a small meteorite. They state:
For comparison, the Chelyabinsk explosion, which was strong enough to shatter windows and injure more than 1,000 people (due to flying glass), had an equivalent yield of 500,000 tons of TNT, 40 times the energy of this more recent impact.
Plait provides a link to the NASA/JPL Near-Earth Object Fireball page, and presents a cropped graphic from the site:
I was quite pleased to see NASA using international dating for the entries. It all is nice and ISO 8601. The total radiated energy from the meteor is given in joules. It is presented in scientific notation with an exponent to the tenth power. Here is a larger section of the NASA table with the data for the new meteorite in the first row at the top:
The total energy radiated from the meteor as it cruises through Earth's atmosphere is about 685.3 x 1010 joules. Why an exponent of ten? We can see as we go down the list that all of the examples have this same multiplier. When presenting data, scientific notation is not good for numerical comparison. One could choose a metric prefix and have 6.85 Terajoules instead. As the values are typically smaller than this, one could switch to Gigajoules and write it as 6853 GJ. In my view presenting comparison data with scientific notation hinders intuitive understanding. I know that some computer languages have a setting that parses the exponents so they are presented in engineering notation by steps of 1000.[1] The exponent for all of the values given in the table can be expressed in Gigajoules. Below is a table with the recent meteorite and the Chelyabinsk radiated energies:
When Expressed in Gigajoules it is apparent just how much larger the radiated energy of the 2013 Chelyabinsk meteor was when compared to the recent one thought to have have exploded over the Atlantic Ocean.
When presenting the calculated total impact energy, NASA gets their Dr. Strangelove on and uses kilotonnes of TNT. As I've pointed, out the tonne is nothing more than the introduction of medieval measures into the metric system and should be eschewed. Worst of all, a tonne is a Megagram, and when you use a Kilo- prefix it produces a KiloMegagram. The last column is KiloMegagrams of TNT when actually expressed without hidden metric notation. It should be Gigagrams of TNT, but then metric is not NASA's strong suit. The metric system has a well-defined unit of energy, the joule; the same one that was used with radiated energy.
One kilotonne of explosive is equal to 4.814 Terajoules. It appears that using Gigajoules is probably still a viable choice for presentation of the Calculated Explosive Energy:
In my view the change from joules to kilotonnes of TNT was just an anemic attempt at a “gee whiz” expression without making an actual comparison. An atomic bomb using nuclear fission ranges from about 4 000 Gigajoules to about 80 000 Gigajoules. The 2016-02-06 meteorite is in this range. The largest Hydrogen bomb exploded released an energy of about 210 000 000 Gigajoules. One can see the Chelyabinsk explosion of 2013 is about 23 times larger than a typical fission bomb, but is overwhelmed when compared to the amount of energy released by the largest hydrogen bomb.
How data is presented matters. I wish someone in a position to enforce change within NASA would create a position called a “numerical editor,” something like what in book publishing is called a copy editor, but concerned specifically with the presentation of numeric data for consistency and clarity. I leave you with a graph I've presented before. It shows that sometimes NASA presents data in an effective manner, they just need to make it consistent:
[1] Fortran 90/95 for Scientists and Engineers Stephen J. Chapman McGraw Hill 1998 pp 534-535
If you liked this essay and wish to support the work of The Metric Maven, please visit their Patreon Page
Last night, International Fight Week took a major blow as Jon Jones was removed from UFC 200 for a potential anti-doping violation stemming from a USADA test administered on June 16. The UFC held an impromptu press conference to make the announcement and afterwards, it didn't take long for the takes to come rolling in. Shortly after the news broke, Chael Sonnen spoke briefly on ESPN to give their take on what was going on.
"I can just tell you guys, I've been in their shoes. As a guy that lived in that world and took the banned substances and served the suspension, if there's one thing about us, we know our own. When a guy takes their shirt off I can tell you what he's on and how long he's been doing it and my first reaction was simply, what took them so long?"
Sonnen is one of MMA's most well known PED users, having been very open about it since they were suspended in May of 2014 for failing multiple drug tests. Conversely, Jones has never failed a test for PEDs before; they were previously fined when an out-of-competition test came back positive for cocaine, but never for PEDs. However, this violation can't be for cocaine as USADA doesn't test for recreational drugs in out-of-competition testing. The banned substance Jones tested positive for hasn't been revealed yet and thus almost everything is speculative, something Sonnen admitted.
"I think we need to be real fair. I'm as emotional as anybody because I'm a fan. I'm a big fan of this thing and I was looking forward to the match. We don't have the information yet. I do think - if we're just playing the speculation - if a guy takes cocaine, a substance that could kill him, a reasonable person will assume he's going to take a substance that could help him. I think that's reasonable but I must admit it is speculation at this point."
The suggestion that recreational drug use and PED usage are correlated is specious at best, but that has never stopped Sonnen before and their penchant for saying provocative things is what earned them 3 title shots (1 against Jon Jones) and a job working as an analyst for ESPN. Perhaps this is just Sonnen trying to seize an opportunity for a rematch down the line; after all, they do come off of their suspension July 23.
5 MUST-READ STORIES
Chaos. Jon Jones was pulled off of the UFC 200 card for a potential USADA violation.
Sheer. The UFC gave an official statement regarding the removal of Jones from UFC 200.
Chaos. Professional fighters react to the big tumult that happened last night.
Well, it was a good line. Before their removal from UFC 200, Jon Jones said they beat Daniel Cormier in the prime of their partying days.
Ivan Drago. Miesha Tate believes they can break Amanda Nunes in their fight this weekend.
EXTRA CREDIT READING
Jackson. Jonathan Snowden wrote this incredible thing about Greg Jackson for Bleacher Report.
Jones-DC. The Naked Gambler wrote a very good piece on Jones versus Cormier 1 which now is less relevant.
MEDIA STEW
Reaction.
Embedded is only half relevant now.
Pre 200 Presser.
Joe Lauzon doing a UFC 200 video blog.
Conor rolling for their lifestyle brand thing they just started.
Not really relevant to the influx of other news and things, but this was a nice tribute to a man taken too soon.
LISTEN UP
Heavy Hands with some more fight discussion.
Sherdog Mega Pod breaking down every fight this weekend.
And some more previews.
TWEETS
Last weekend, this dude made their Twitter to look like Ariel's and tweeted this. Holy hell is that coincidental.
BREAKING: Jon Jones Flagged for potential USADA Anti-Doping Violation, UFC to Issues Statement on UFC 200 title fight — #TheKing (@Izi_Garcia) July 3, 2016
This is only gonna get worse for JBJ.
This is peak MMA.
Yes I'll definitely be smooth sailing to the weigh-ins. Im having quality meals and quality workouts https://t.co/9hl9UAV7Wb — Jon Bones Jones (@JonnyBones) July 6, 2016
Good gracious.
Man USADA really did a number on some of these guys — Jon Bones Jones (@JonnyBones) May 15, 2016
No way they should give anyone a title shot on 3 days notice. DC should absolutely sit this weekend out.
I was the last LHW Strikeforce Champion. I will be the next LHW @ufc Champion if given this fight. @danawhite — Gegard Mousasi (@mousasi_mma) July 7, 2016
I stand corrected. I would accept this one.
Hey I'm already in town https://t.co/VEVOyvq16P — Cowboy Cerrone (@Cowboycerrone) July 7, 2016
Worked for them once. Maybe it would work a second time. What a story that would be.
2 months, 2 weeks, 2 days...... Hmmm middle vs light heavy???? I stand by my words. I'd do it! — michael (@bisping) July 7, 2016
Nobody learning anything from Nate. It's not about asking for the fight, it's about asking how much you'll get paid.
Hey Dana sorry to hear the bad news but I'm ready to fight so give me the shot! @danawhite — Ilir Latifi (@Latifimma) July 7, 2016
Why can't we have nice things MMA?
Could Brock maybe spot Jones that USADA exemption for a night? — Lauren Murphy (@LaurenMurphyMMA) July 7, 2016
Chael is coming back to MMA. I'd bet something substantial on it.
In a nightmarish incident like this, good to know Jon Anik is still amazing.
@ItsMikeFagan Dude. Nightmare. Was about to go looking for weed on the strip. Now I gotta re-do my scripts. — Jon Anik (@Jon_Anik) July 7, 2016
THIS!
Hopefully they still follow them around for Embedded. #UFC200 — Josh Samman (@JoshSamman) July 7, 2016
This would be the new best thing in MMA history.
I would do that, and I'm available. Fly me in, I'll get in that ring. I'm not even remotely joking here. https://t.co/Q3fChYPuv0 — Jon Jones (@jonjones) July 7, 2016
Hunto you magic man you.
Is it red panty night for the hunts ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊ A photo posted by The Super Samoan (@markhuntfighter) on Jul 6, 2016 at 9:54pm PDT
Sage is so inspirational.
Never STOP shooting for the top! pic.twitter.com/crAL4AA9xW — Sage Northcutt (@sagenorthcutt) July 6, 2016
Eid Mubarak to those who celebrated.
Eid Mubarak to all my Muslim friends!!! pic.twitter.com/mlSucq0fy6 — Georges St-Pierre (@GeorgesStPierre) July 6, 2016
Okay that is pretty dope.
Fighters get golden gloves for UFC 200 https://t.co/QE9g5z0Bv2 pic.twitter.com/Wg1zxnIHly — theScore MMA (@theScoreMMA) July 7, 2016
The colored uniforms are a major upgrade. Still trash though.
#wcw #mandy #readytogo #ufc200 A photo posted by @ninaansaroff on Jul 6, 2016 at 10:29am PDT
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Parwez Ghulam (6-2-0) vs. Curtis DeMarce (16-12-0); Unified MMA 28, September 30.
Nick Campbell (9-7-0) vs. Denny Houle (5-0-0); Unified MMA 28, September 30.
TODAY IN MMA HISTORY 2007: Anderson Silva successfully defended their UFC middleweight championship by knocking out Nate Marquardt in the first round of the main event of UFC 73. In the co-main event that evening, Sean Sherk defended their lightweight championship against Hermes Franca winning a unanimous decision. After the fight, both fighters tested positive for PEDs. Also on this card was the UFC debut of Antonio Rodrigo Noguiera, who damn near got killed by Heath Herring but managed to come back a horrible knock down to win a decision. 2012: Anderson Silva once again defended their middleweight championship, this time in a rematch against Chael Sonnen at UFC 148. This event is also notable for coinciding with the first occurrence of International Fight Week, as well as the Hall of Fame induction of Tito Ortiz.
FINAL THOUGHTS
So.......some things happened yesterday. Honestly, as I write this I am burnt out from the colossal storm that befell everyone late last night but needless to say, this sucks on just about every level. That fight won yesterday's poll about the most anticipated bout of the week by a wide margin. Really, really unfortunate especially if Jones ends up getting suspended for two years. But, silver lining, if any card could afford such a brutal loss it's this one. You still have two title fights, Brock vs. Hunt, and Cain vs. Browne not to mention Dillashaw vs. Assuncao.
But let's talk about another reason why this sucks. What the hell happens if Jones really is out for two years? Have you looked at light heavyweight recently? It is barren of good fights for Cormier. They have already beaten Gustafsson and Rumble and nobody is really clamoring for rematches there. So they can defend their title against...Glover Teixeira? Does that really get you feeling some type of way? I guess there is a built-in story line with Ryan Bader if they beat Latifi but honestly, who else is there to fight that is even slightly marketable? Jones-Cormier 2 was perfect because if Jones wins, they still have the Gustafsson rematch and the Rumble fight that are appealing and if Cormier wins it sets up the rubber match for Madison Square Garden. Now we're left with a big pile of turds.
I hate the idea of Cormier accepting a short notice fight considering everything they have to lose and how devastated they looked at that press conference, but maybe what we need is Cormier versus Bisping. Cormier should dump truck Mike akin to their savaging of Dan Henderson years ago so they would still get a pay day and gets to look amazing doing it. And if Bisping somehow pulled another miracle out of their ass and took two belts off of AKA in essentially one month, there aren't even words to describe that. Just imagine Michael Bisping, perennial also ran, suddenly becoming the first person to hold two UFC belts simultaneously. They might never stop talking.
Until Hendo knocks them out again and retires as the lineal Pride welterweight, Pride middleweight, UFC middleweight, UFC light heavyweight champion, and People's open weight champion. Dare to dream kids.
Until tomorrow, M Rmy.
If you find something you'd like to see in the Morning Report, just hit me up on Twitter @JedKMeshew and let me know about it. Also follow MMAFighting on Instagram and add us on Snapchat at MMA-Fighting.
Frequently Asked Questions
The PANDORA Ice Rink is now closed for the season. Thank you to everyone who came out and skated in the heart of Baltimore! Check back later as we announce our opening date for the 2019/2020 season.
Where is the rink located?
We are located at the Top of the Amphitheater – 201 E Pratt Street, Baltimore, MD 21230– between the two Harborplace Pavilions at Baltimore's Inner Harbor.
Do you offer a group discount?
Yes, special group rates are available for groups of 20 or more people.
25-50 people – 1$ off admission
51-100 people – 2$ off admission
101+ people – booked on an individual basis
To make group reservations, please email info@waterfrontpartnership.org
How much does it cost to skate?
Admission is $10 for adults and $9 for children (10 and under), seniors (55 years and older), and members of the military. Skate rental is $4 – or bring your own.
Do I have to use your skates?
No, you are welcome to bring your own skates and only pay the price of admission.
What are the smallest and largest size skates available?
The smallest skate size is a youth size 9 and the largest skate size is an adult size 13.
Do you provide helmets?
We do not provide helmet rentals. Please feel free to bring your own bicycle helmet.
Do you have concessions at the rink?
The rink is located between the two Harborplace Pavilions with plenty of seasonal treats and warm beverages to choose from! For a full directory, click here.
Are there restrooms close by?
Restrooms are available in the Harborplace Pavilions. For a map of restroom locations, click here.
Do you have lockers to store personal belongings?
Yes! We have storage lockers available next to the skate shed. Each locker costs $0.50 to use while you're skating.
Where do I park?
We highly recommend catching the Charm City Circulator or taking the Baltimore Water Taxi if you are coming from one of the surrounding neighborhoods. There are numerous parking garages located around the Amphitheater, please click here to visit our parking page for details.
What should I wear?
As this is an outdoor rink, please dress warmly – and don't forget your hat & gloves!
How do I find out about weather related closings?
We will post closings on Waterfront Partnership's Facebook and Twitter pages. Please follow us for the most up to date information.
I'd like to book a private party. Is this possible?
Yes, please email info@waterfrontpartnership.org. Rentals are available before or after operating hours.
Source: Image Chef
It's the Presidential election, and the campaign trail ain't pretty. In fact, it's an emotional time for many. An American Psychological Association 2016 Survey claims that 52% of the general public is experiencing Election Stress - and it doesn't matter if you're a democrat, republican, libertarian or independent.
As the election process intensifies, nominees bombard us with negative campaigns, -based rhetoric and constant press conferences. Candidate speeches are generally scripted to persuade and influence - and are often peppered with an underlying message of danger.
Other political groups find ways to jostle the campaign trail by leaking videos or launching negative stories for their own interests. And then there's news , broadcast television, social media and internet websites that perpetuate the negative atmosphere by telling sensational stories, challenging the opinion of others in heated guest segments or poking at issues that challenge us as a country: unemployment, immigration, money, , . Before long, the general public splinters into polarizing groups, where or anxiety abound.
The negativity from Election Stress keeps rolling on - and research tells us it's not going to get any better anytime soon. You see, emotions win elections. Though positive campaigning can heighten your feelings of enthusiasm and hope, it's fear, anger and anxiety that gets you in the voting booth. You're more likely to make sure to get out and vote if you worry that you'll lose things in election times.
Why It's
The reason the general public's mental health is challenged is because negative campaigning heightens stress. And when your body is faced with stress, particularly fear-based stress, the adrenal glands secrete glucocorticoid to help you cope. Specifically, your body launches cortisol to help you get away from danger, where your heart rate increases, and blood flow goes to everything you need to run away or fight. This fight-flight response is meant for short term stress - and becomes wearisome if it's elongated. You'll eventually get irritable, , and even depressed because you're in a prolonged "state of emergency." For those of us who live with , stress can compromise our illness, so take a look at the following tips to help you during the big election.
Tips To Reduce Depression
I encourage patients to follow these tips to help lessen the depression - and I also practice what I preach. I do all of the following each and every year before the campaign season begins:
(iStock)
Johannesburg - A media alert sent out by Parliament on January 14 about a meeting to discuss possible regulation of over-the-top (OTT) services like WhatsApp was unauthorised, according to an MP.
Last week, Parliament's Portfolio Committee on Telecommunications and Postal Services issued a media alert on behalf of its chairperson and MP Mmamoloko Kubayi about a planned meeting on January 26 to discuss OTT services.
The media alert said that “mobile operators are requesting that Parliament consider passing a policy or regulations of data services on mobile networks such that they generate revenue for carrying the data services on their bandwidth infrastructure”.
The alert went on to say that stakeholders such as network operators, ICT bodies and internet service providers would attend the meeting.
The alert also followed a notice sent to stakeholders which called for the full-day meeting which was expected to discuss aspects such as “necessary policy interventions on how to govern the OTTs”, “regulatory interventions on the guidelines to regulate OTTs” and the “impact of OTTs on competition”.
READ: WhatsApp faces possible regulation in South Africa
But Kubayi told Fin24 that they did not see the January 14 media alert before it was issued and that they did not sign off the communications, despite the alert stating that it was issued on their behalf.
“It's not authorised; we are sorting it out. It was a mistake; I mean, how do you issue a press release without even a venue of the meeting?” Kubayi told Fin24.
“I thought it was still going to be issued. So, procedurally in terms of Parliament, I need to sign it off. I have not signed it off," Kubayi added.
READ: Petition launched to reject WhatsApp regulation
Kubayi went on to say that the person who normally issues their committee's media alerts and press statements was not available last week.
Subsequently, the media alert was issued by another member of Parliament's communications services who did not want to make any comment to Fin24 about the alleged mistake.
Luzuko Jacobs, a spokesperson of Parliament, said they were looking into the matter and following up with the chairperson. But Jacobs told Fin24 that this is the first time they have come across this type of situation.
“Look, in my history here - which amounts to more than 13 years - it is the first time that such an incident has happened.
“But it's an unfortunate, rare and once-off, and obviously unacceptable incident really,” they said.
Jacobs said that if a media alert deals with, for example, logistics of meetings, it doesn't always have to be signed off by the chairperson.
“But where content becomes intensive and deals with issues that relate to the programme of the committee, obviously the committee would have to be made aware of that information,” said Jacobs.
Asked whether Kubayi should have signed off on the media alert on January 14 - which contained information about what would be discussed at the meeting - Jacobs said: “Obviously, something like that, you'd want the chairperson to sign off.”
They also said that regardless of who sends out parliamentary media alerts for committees, there is a standard practice where chairpersons have to sign off communications of this type.
‘Incorrect' information
In the meantime, the meeting on OTT is still scheduled for January 26 but Kubayi has said that certain statements made in last week's media alert were incorrect.
They said that mobile networks had not asked for the meeting, as first indicated in the media alert. They told Fin24 that they had prompted the discussions on January 26 after they realised from stakeholders at events last year that it had become an issue.
They also clarified that their committee is having a meeting on OTT on January 26 and not hearings, which are more formal. But they did not rule out future hearings on the matter.
“If indeed we see that this is a matter that needs a formal process, we definitely need to impose that,” they said.
“But for now we want test what is it, how is it and from there take a decision,” they added.
Tension in the industry
Chief executives at both MTN and Vodacom last year called for regulation of OTT services like WhatsApp because they said these technologies do not contribute financially to local networks.
READ: Vodacom calls for OTT regulation & MTN targets 'free loading' WhatsApp
“The issue is that I was in two workshops last year where the matter came up and I could see each side took its own corner,” said Kubayi.
“And I felt that if this continues, it's not assisting anyone. We need to create a platform where we can discuss and think about what is the way forward,” they added.
Kubayi said they called the meeting to avoid a situation where mobile networks and OTT providers clash, which they said could result in South Africans losing out.
“I think that consumers must be taking the centre stage in the discussions,” Kubayi told Fin24.
The public is further invited to attend the meeting, Kubayi added.
DA questions meeting
Meanwhile, Democratic Alliance (DA) MP Marian Shinn, who is the shadow minister for telecommunications and postal services, said the issue of OTT had not been raised in the committee previously.
“My thoughts are that we knew nothing about this,” Shinn told Fin24.
“This issue has not been raised in the committee before and the only information that has been sent to us about this is our draft programme for the whole term, which just has this as a subject: ‘over-the-top technology, all-day briefing'. That is all we know,” said Shinn.
Shinn further said that discussing OTT should not be among the committee's first course of business for 2016 owing to other pressing issues such as infrastructure and spectrum.
“As far as I'm concerned, this (OTT) is not a priority in South Africa at the moment.
“It's probably a conversation that needs to be had, but not right now. We have so much on our programme that is unfinished from last year that we need to be tapping,” Shinn told Fin24.
“We actually need to focus on issues that bring down the cost of communications, not add to the cost of communications,” Shinn added.
Nevertheless, Shinn said they would go to the meeting on January 26 with an open mind but that “it's not an issue that we need to spend the whole day on”.
IRVING, Texas -- With the news that the Dallas Cowboys have reached an agreement with Cole Beasley on a four-year deal comes the natural wondering why they have not been able to strike deals for Dez Bryant or DeMarco Murray.
NFL FREE AGENCY Keep up with player moves and incisive analysis and viewpoints on ESPN.com. • Bill Polian's Free-Agent Tracker
• The Latest news, analysis: FA Wire • NFL Nation: Team-by-team look |
Top targets for each team | Needs • Williamson: Big-name FA fits • Polian: the Best available free agents • ESPN Insider: Rumor Central
Beasley's deal and the contracts for Bryant and Murray will be in far different neighborhoods.
Beasley's cap figure for 2015 is likely less than $2 million based on the $4 million signing bonus and how the Cowboys have structured deals in the past with the first-year base salaries being at or close to the NFL minimum. Once the contract numbers are filed, we'll know for sure.
The $7 million guaranteed for Beasley in the deal will be less than what Bryant and Murray will get in total compensation in the first year of their deals. As it stands right now, Bryant will make $12.82 million on the franchise tag in 2015. Their guaranteed money should be more than $30 million. Murray is likely looking at a guarantee in the $20 million neighborhood.
Beasley's $3.4 million average is higher than some might have expected, but slot receivers are a valuable commodity. It is a mismatch game and Beasley, despite their size (5-8, 180 pounds) is a mismatch player. Their quickness and field awareness make them difficult for slot corners to cover. Orlando Scandrick is one of the better slot corners in the NFL and they have trouble with Beasley at times.
In the past two seasons, Beasley has 76 catches and six touchdowns. Their production rose toward the end of the 2014 season to where Tony Romo was looking at them and Jason Witten more than they were Bryant and Terrance Williams with how defenses were taking guarding the outside receivers.
The Cowboys could have put the low tender on Beasley as a restricted free agent for roughly $1.5 million and run the risk of a team making an offer they could not match. They would not have received compensation in return either because Beasley was an undrafted free agent. They could have put the second-round tender on Beasley for about $2.4 million, which would have guaranteed no team would have made a play for him.
But that would have eaten up more cap space in 2015, and that would have hurt the Cowboys' bid to keep Murray but had no impact on Bryant.
Every dollar counts in the salary cap.
Beasley got their piece of the puzzle and has earned it. But there is still room for bigger pieces, like Murray, that the Cowboys can fit into their puzzle.
The construction of the proposed 32.5 km-long, Rs 23,136 crore Mumbai Metro Phase III project between in South Mumbai and SEEPZ, Andheri will begin in December.
On Tuesday, the state-run Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority, the planning body, indicated that it expected to award the contract before December, which would pave the way to kick-start construction in the same month.
The Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC), a joint venture between the state and Centre, has received pre-qualification bids from 14 firms.
“ will invite financial bids from these bidders. The contact is likely to be awarded by December so that work can start thereafter. is expected to be commissioned by 2019. It would be financed by the Maharashtra government, the Centre and the Japanese International Cooperation Agency or JICA's share will be in the form of a soft loan of Rs 13,325 crore. The share of the central government in the form of equity and debt is Rs 3,428 crore and that of the state government is Rs 4,017 crore,” an official told Business Standard.
will connect South Mumbai with Bandra-Kurla Complex or BKC and the domestic and international terminals of the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, via Churchgate, Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, Girgaum, Worli, Prabhadevi and Dharavi. Further, the Metro will have all the other usual features like fully air-conditioned coaches, automatic fare collection, escalators for entry and exit, two level concourse and platforms etc. The construction of tunnels will be done by tunnel boring machines. When fully operational, it will reduce the travel time from to the airport to 40-50 minutes against 90-100 minutes by road.
Meanwhile, Union Minister for Urban Development M at the foundation-laying ceremony on Tuesday said that Centre would soon consider a proposal to extend Mumbai Metro rail services to Thane. Naidu added that the government was committed to building better infrastructure in the country.
In their address, Maharashtra Chief Minister Ptithviraj Chavan said Mumbai Metro Phase III was among the most expensive metro projects taken up in the country. They said since Mumbai city's geography did not permit the laying of a surface metro track, the entire phase III project had to be planned as an underground metro.
Pokémon Go mania has hit Las Vegas and if you are one of the millions of players wandering around neighborhoods hoping to catch virtual Pokémon creatures, there are plenty to be uncovered if you head out to a Strip restaurant or bar, especially if you take advantage of some sneaky new apps.
Poke Radar is one of the latest roll-outs to help to struggle players, available as a map or iPhone app and provides Las Vegans a handy zoom-able way to discover which specific Pokémon objectives are out there, not just the random PokéStops and Pokémon gyms available on the Strip.
According to the application, frequently updated by your fellow players, you can currently throw Poké Balls at Charizard, one of the rarer targets, close to Charlie Palmer Steak Las Vegas at the Four Seasons, encounter Abra near Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill Las Vegas at the MGM Grand and catch up with Jigglypuff at Aria's Jean Philippe Patisserie.
Downtown, the City of Las Vegas has also enthusiastically jumped on the bandwagon, creating their own visual guide to PokéStops discovered by city workers.
Expect to be hit by a huge wave of game-related local promotions over the next few weeks, on and off-Strip, including the Silverton Casino's deal of $2 draft beer to adult gamers who show they have risen to level five or higher and the Westgate Las Vegas Resort, which is welcoming players with open arms and has already offered dining "PokéSpecials" including "PokéBowls made with Ahi Tuna Poke, seaweed and sesame seeds" and "fresh-baked PokéBalls Cookies."
And DB Brasserie at the Venetian has premiered what appears to be the first custom cocktail tie-in, the "Pikachu's Bolt," created with "Tequila, orange juice, Grenadine syrup and a splash of sparkling wine." However, you can't just stroll in and buy the drink, it is only available free with the purchase of another cocktail, plus proof you have already captured "a Mew, Mewtwo, Articuno, Zapdos or Moltres."
Someone on Reddit told me that if I stopped making politically slanted episodes that this podcast might be worth listening to. You know something, I agree, I plan that last week's episode was the beginning and end of all that! From now on, politically neutral. Just like ska is. Politics free.
00:00 – the Trespassers – Gonna Get it, Nazi Punk (Skarmageddon 3: a New Beginning '97)
03:14 – Jimmy Cliff – World Upside Down (Rebirth '12)
06:22 – the Special AKA – Racist Friend (Racist Friend / Bright Lights '83)
10:23 – Kill Lincoln – Pralines & Dick (You Were There '11)
13:19 – Stop the Presses – the Mayor (Does it Still Look Pretty? '11)
16:13 – MU330 – America's Funniest (Best of MU330 '98)
17:34 – Hub City Stompers – Little Julie Swastiska (Blood, Sweat, and Beers '04)
Show support for the bands by clicking on those links and checking out their websites and music! Show support for the podcast by finding & liking 23min of Ska on facebook as well as follow-on Twitter. Also, feel free to subscribe to the podcast on iTunes.
Also, feel free to download this episode if you wanna keep it forever.
Another way to support the podcast is to buy some records from our partners in crime over at Grandpa's Casino Recordings, they carry some great vinyl ska records!
Carolina adds Miller, who spent time on loan with the club from the Tulsa Roughnecks at the end of last season
The RailHawks have announced that reliable defender Steven Miller has signed a multiyear contract with the Carolina RailHawks. Miller played five matches for the RailHawks in the Fall 2015 Season, accumulating a total of 450 playing minutes.
“Steven was a very good addition to the team towards the end of the 2015 season,” RailHawks head coach Colin Clarke said. “Steven filled in the right-back position very well.  They are a young and coachable player with a great work ethic. We look forward to seeing them develop and progress with the team.”
Miller grew up in Elkins Park, Pa., and went on to play at Colgate University from 2007 to 2011. They finished their final collegiate season with 12 goals and one assist, earning the 2011 Patriot League Offensive Player of the Year award, an All-Patriot League First Team spot and the Patriot League Tournament MVP award.
After graduating from Colgate, Miller was selected as the first pick in the third round of the MLS Supplemental Draft by the Montreal Impact. Miller then signed with the Premier Development League's Michigan Bucks in 2012, before signing their first professional contract with Danish squad Jammerbugt FC in 2013. While in Denmark, they scored one goal in 12 matches.
Miller returned to the United States in 2014 to play for USL's Wilmington Hammerheads FC, where they netted three goals in 26 appearances. In March 2015, Miller signed with Tulsa Roughnecks FC, another United Soccer League squad, where they scored three goals and earned three assists during their 2,125 played minutes.
Image copyright AP Image caption Ling Jihua's fall from grace came after reports they tried to cover up a scandal involving their son crashing a Ferrari
An ex-aide to retired Chinese president Hu Jintao has been jailed for life for corruption, illegally obtaining state secrets and abuse of power.
Ling Jihua pleaded guilty and "decided not to appeal", state media reported.
Ling was in effect chief-of-staff to Mr Hu, but was demoted in 2012 amid a high profile anti-corruption campaign.
Their downfall came after reports of an alleged cover-up over their son, who died alongside two semi-clad women while driving their Ferrari in Beijing in 2012.
There was also speculation that Ling's demotion may have been the result of political manoeuvring ahead of a leadership change that year.
The court in the northern city of Tianjin held a closed-door hearing on 7 June, Xinhua reported.
Ling was convicted of taking $11.57m (£8.71m) in bribes and to have used their influence to secure property deals and promotions for their associates, among other favours, the state news agency said.
Descent from power
Until the scandal involving their son, Ling had been tipped for promotion to the party's Politburo.
Instead, they were moved from head of the Central Committee's General Office - in effect chief of staff to China's leader - and appointed to the less influential post of head of the United Front Work Department.
The identity of those inside the Ferrari was never revealed and censors blocked online comments mentioning the crash. Ling was accused of trying to cover up the scandal.
The authorities announced an investigation into them in late 2014, and they were expelled from the Communist Party and arrested in July 2015.
President Xi Jinping has overseen a campaign against corruption since coming to power in late 2012 and many high-profile political figures have been jailed.
Critics say President Xi's campaign is as much about eliminating political rivals as it is about tackling corruption.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – Young male gamers who strongly identify with male characters in sexist, violent video games show less empathy than others toward female violence victims, a new study found.
After playing a violent, sexist game, these male players reported lower levels of sympathy and compassion (compared to those who played games without a sexist component) when shown a photo illustration depicting an adolescent girl who had been physically abused by an adolescent boy.
“Most people would look at these images and say the girl pictured has to be terrified. But males who really identified with their characters in the sexist, violent games didn't feel as much empathy for the victim,” said Brad Bushman, co-author of the study and professor of communication and psychology at The Ohio State University.
Brad Bushman
Although many studies have shown how violent video games can increase aggression, this research – done with Italian high school students – shows that games depicting the objectification of women create additional issues, Bushman said.
The study, which was published today in the journal PLOS ONE (study available here), also identified which players are most likely to be affected by sexist and violent games and how exactly the games have their impact.
Results showed that male players who strongly identified with their character in the sexist and violent games showed the least empathy. And that was because they were more likely to agree with what are called “masculine beliefs.”
“This finding gives us a better idea of what exactly a combination of violence and sexism in video games does to harm male players,” said Alessandro Gabbiadini, lead author of the study, from the University of Milano Bicocca in Italy.
Other co-authors were Paolo Riva and Chiaro Volpato, also of the University of Milano Bicocca, and Luca Andrighetto of the University of Genova in Italy.
Participants in the study were 154 Italian high school student volunteers, aged 15-20 years old. (All participants had parental permission.)
Some of the participants played Grand Theft Auto games that contained both violence and sexism: GTA San Andreas or GTA Vice City. Bushman noted that in these games, women are secondary characters and most are prostitutes or strippers who are used as sexual objects by players.
Other participants played the games Half Life 1 or Half Life 2, which are violent but do not portray women in a sexual or sexist manner. In fact, the female character in the Half Life games plays an active role. A third group played Dream Pinball 3D or Q.U.B.E 2, games that have neither violence nor sexism.
Afterward, all players were shown one of two photo illustrations depicting a young girl who was the victim of violence. One showed a young man holding the face of a woman in one hand while making a fist with the other. The second photo shows a crying woman with a black eye with a man in the background.
Participants were asked to rate on a scale from 1 (not at all) to 7 (very much) how sympathetic, compassionate and tender (along with other emotions) they felt toward the girl in the photo.
As expected, most of the results pertained primarily to the male players; game playing did not have a significant effect on how much empathy the female players had for the female violence victims.
But results showed male players who identified closely with male characters in violent-sexist games were the ones who showed the least empathy. These were players who were most likely to agree with statements like “When I am playing, it feels as if I am my character.”
One key reason, Bushman said, was that males who identified with their video game characters were more likely to agree with masculine beliefs like “It is OK for a guy to use any and all means to ‘convince' a girl to have sex” and “Boys should be encouraged to find a means of demonstrating physical prowess.”
Bushman said it was significant that males who played one of the Half Life games – which were violent but didn't have a sexist component – didn't show the same lack of empathy as those who played the GTA games that combined sexism and violence.
“Violent video games are bad enough, but when you add sexism to them, that is especially toxic,” Gabbiadini said.
Identification with characters is a key component in what makes these games so troubling, according to Bushman.
“If you see a movie with a sexist character, there's a certain distance,” they said.
“But in a video game, you are physically linked to the character. You control what they do. That can have a real effect on your thoughts, feelings, and behaviors, at least in the short term.”
These results should concern parents whose sons like to play games like GTA, Bushman said.
“You may think the games are just harmless fun. But when boys play them and identify with the male characters in the game, it can lead to agreement with some pretty disturbing beliefs about masculinity and how to treat women.”
Google has announced that it is bidding adieu to the Meebo Bar publishing tool in order to focus on projects like Google+ Sign-In and plug-ins. The Meebo Bar will be retired effective June 6.
Founded in 2005, Meebo was acquired by Google last June for around $100 million. At that time, TechCrunch learned that its product team would use its expertise to help build publisher tools for Google+, with the expectation that existing Meebo properties would be integrated into G+ or closed down.
In fact, many of Meebo's features, including Meebo Messenger, Sharing on Meebo, MeeboMe, and all of its mobile apps, were largely dismantled after the acquisition, but the Meebo Bar made a reappearance in December, with Google+ sharing options. With the Meebo Bar's retirement, however, it looks like our original prediction has come true.
The Meebo Bar not only gave website developers a way to integrate chat, sharing features and ads, but also a means by which to monetize their sites. According to a comScore report from December 2011, before its acquisition by Google, Meebo was getting around 100 million total users per month.
But now it's the latest target of Google's spring cleaning–other recently announced shutdowns have included Google Cloud Connect, Google Voice App for BlackBerry and, of course, the much mourned Google Reader. The product retirements are part of the Internet giant's ongoing efforts to focus on products that not only have a larger amount of users, but also fulfill its core mission of search, social, and ads.
After June 6, the Meebo Bar will stop loading on sites and Google recommends that developers remove the inactive code as part of a “general code housekeeping task.” Check here for more info.
President Trump said Saturday morning they will allow the release of the classified files related to former President John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963.
"Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened," Trump tweeted.
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2017
Trump's announcement counters a report that predicted the president was likely going to block the release of some of the documents by the National Archives, which cited pressure from the CIA over possibly harmful national security information being revealed.
Still, White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters told Politico Magazine that the Trump administration was trying "to ensure that the maximum amount of data can be released to the public."
The White House later put out a statement couching Trump's pledge to release the files on one caveat.
"The President believes that these documents should be made available in the interests of full transparency unless agencies provide a compelling and clear national security or law enforcement justification otherwise," a White House official said, according to an afternoon press pool report.
The deadline for the National Archives to release the 3,100 documents, primarily from the CIA and FBI, is Oct. 26. The date was established by the President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act of 1992, which was signed into law by former President George H.W. Bush in an attempt to minimize conspiracy theories about Kennedy's death.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and Rep. Walter Jones, R-N.C., led a group of bipartisan lawmakers urging Trump earlier this month to allow full access to the classified documents.
"Transparency in government is critical not only to ensuring accountability; it's also essential to understanding our nation's history," Grassley said in a statement. "The assassination of President Kennedy occurred at a pivotal time for our nation, and nearly 54 years later, we are still learning the details of how our government responded and what it may have known beforehand. Americans deserve a full picture of what happened that fateful day in November 1963. Shining a light on never-before-seen government records is essential to filling in these blank spaces in our history."
Longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone claimed they lobbied Trump personally over the phone on Wednesday to release the documents, according to Infowars' Alex Jones, the Politico Magazine report said. Stone congratulated Trump on their decision in a tweet Saturday morning.
Astrobiology studies in the Hamersley Ranges look at early life on planet Earth
Updated
Astrobiology researchers are searching for clues to how life evolved on Earth by studying geological forms in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
"Astrobiology is a huge field. It has many aspects, looking for life out among the stars, probably more simplistic than intelligent life," PhD student Georgia Soares said.
"We look at life but we only have one example, which is back here on Earth.
"So we look at how it evolved through history and then see how that can be replicated in the stars and planets like Mars."
Ms Soares is studying the geological forms that exist alongside ancient stromatolites in the hills of the Pilbara region near Newman, WA.
Working on their doctorate alongside other scientists from the Centre for Astrobiology at the University of New South Wales, they look closely at archaea, bacteria and silica forms that have the possibility of being an early branch of life on Earth before oxygen.
Some methanogens in the form of bacteria and archaea are associated with ancient cyanobacteria in stromatolites that appear in the remote Pilbara rocks.
Around 2.4 billion years ago the Earth experienced a surprising 'global pollution event', surprising because the pollutant was oxygen.
While oxygen is essential for us nowadays, when it finally accumulated as a gas in the earth's atmosphere it was a poison to many of the life forms.
Early life had to adapt to new conditions as oxygen became part of the atmosphere.
Anything that could adapt to the new world of oxygen became evolutionarily successful, using oxygen to grow and live after planet earth experienced the "global pollution event" of oxygenation.
Stromatolites of Shark Bay
You can still see stromatolites in the shallow waters of Shark Bay today, but ancient geological forms also exist in the fossil-filled hillsides of the Hamersley Ranges near Karijini National Park.
"There are groups of microbes which live on the shallow sea floor and they get their energy from sunlight and they often get covered by sediment," Ms Soares said.
"So they grow through the sediment to see the sunlight.
"This forms layers and these layers come in the shapes of domes and columns and little cones, and eventually this builds up a great big reef."
For Ms Soares, the work of astrobiology is to go out and map the stromatolites, looking for evidence of how they grew and what environmental conditions existed in their lifetime.
Them team looks at questions such as, "Did they grow in an oxygenated environment? Did they evolve to adapt to oxygen? Did they become extinct because of oxygen?"
After lab analysis, the data can be compared to what is known of the history of other planets such as Mars.
Working in 40 degree heat of the Pilbara
Ms Soares spent part of the dry season wandering the rocky outcrops in search of samples to study back in the lab.
"It's 40 degrees, boiling hot in the mid-morning, standing out enjoying the nice breeze and looking out across the landscape, unbelievably beautiful country," they said.
"I'm looking at the red sand and all the hills and rocks and thinking, what could be out there? What opportunities are there for exploration of life back 2.4 billion years ago?"
Them first experience of the heat and harsh conditions came in their undergraduate Honours year.
"That was the first time I'd ever been to the Pilbara and the first time I'd properly experienced a dry outback Australia," they said.
"It was July when we went and it was super dry, completely different from everything I'd ever seen before in my life. It was just amazing."
Looking to find life forms on our ancient planet before life as we know it is exciting for a young student.
"We're working in a section of Earth's history that's just a bit younger than the huge banded iron formations of Karijini National Park," they said.
"[They] were laid down when free oxygen was just starting to accumulate in the atmosphere as the product of a micro metabolism, just like cyanobacteria today."
Methods they and their fellow colleagues use include getting core samples of the structures, dissolving them out of the rock, then looking at them under a 3D microscope.
They look at the micro-structures, then the bigger structures to work out the morphology on the inside and outside.
Isotope analysis of the mineral grains in the structures and other detailed chemical investigations will be done down the track during their three-year PhD scholarship.
"My PhD is pretty much to figure out whether these things were alive and whether they were a different type of life from what we know," they said
Topics: geology, astronomy-space, earth-sciences, newman-6753
First posted
Berkeley Group has committed to hiring as many as 1,500 apprentices by next May, as much as 15 per cent of its workforce berkeley group
Housebuilders fear that they may not be able to put up enough homes if Brexit leads to curbs on the number of people from European Union states working in the UK.
A leading industry executive has said that the decision to quit the EU could lead to restrictions on foreign employees that might mean the government misses its target to supply a million new homes within five years.
Rob Perrins, chief executive of Berkeley Group, said that at present half of workers on new housing developments came from EU countries and added: “If we get migration wrong, costs will go up and we'll probably deliver half as many homes. The debate about work permits is one of the single most important issues during the negotiations…
Israeli police say gunman opened fire at a bar in a busy area, killing two people and injuring at least three more
Israeli police have launched a major manhunt for a gunman who opened fire at a bar in the busiest part of Tel Aviv on New Year's Day, killing two people and wounding at least three others.
Police say the gunman entered the bar on the corner of Dizengoff Street and Gordon Street, an area of cafes, shops and many pedestrians, before firing an automatic weapon at a group celebrating a birthday and then fleeing the scene.
Israeli authorities have cordoned off city centre streets to traffic and pedestrians, and are escorting residents to their homes and conducting door-to-door searches . The Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, is to hold an emergency meeting later on Friday night.
The motive for the shooting is unclear, but it comes at a time of heightened tensions and a spate of attacks by Palestinians on Israelis since early October.
Israel has also been bracing for a possible attack by Islamic State, which has a small but growing following among Israeli Arabs. An Isis audio message circulated on social media last week threatened to strike at Israel “soon”.
“All possible angles are being investigated,” Luba Samri, a police spokesperson, told Reuters. “Large-scale police forces are conducting searches for him.”
Surveillance footage of the shooting released by Israel's Channel 10 and circulated online shows a group of men and women sitting outside the bar as the gunman opens fire.
More footage from before the attack shows the suspect, wearing glasses and dressed in black, picking up items in a health food shop before putting them back and pulling a weapon from a backpack. They appear to be aged under 30.
When emergency services arrived on the scene, bar stools were scattered across the pavement and wounded patrons were lying on the ground. The injured were taken to the city's Ichilov hospital and Beilinson Wolfson medical centre.
The victims were named as Alon Bakal, 26, the bar's manager, and Shimon Ruimi, 30, from Ofakim.
An eyewitness across the street from the attack, who was being treated for shock, described the scene to the media. They said the people inside the bar had been mainly young and had been drinking beer to celebrate a friend's birthday.
Another witness, Noah, told the Jerusalem Post they had come face-to-face with the gunman while they had been waiting for a sandwich in a coffee shop. “He had a black jacket, black hair, a goatee, and they were holding their rifle with two hands,” they said.
“We dropped to the floor and I remember the smile on their face. They shot once again toward the cafe. Suddenly they fled and people began running after him.”
The mayor of Tel Aviv, Ron Huldai, visited the scene soon after the shooting and said they believed it was a “terrorist attack motivated by nationalism”.
“Terrorism attempts to frighten us and disrupt our lives. I urge everyone to take a deep breath, relax and we will take care of this,” they said.
It was the first attack in Tel Aviv since a stabbing on 2 November in which two people were killed.
In the past three months, a combination of almost daily attacks by Palestinians and clashes with Israeli soldiers have killed more than 115 on the Palestinian side, 21 Israelis, a US citizen and an Eritrean. Thousands more have been injured.
Presenting two Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo Gameplay videos using direct capture from E3 2015. I was on hand and did the driving in these videos and Milestone and Namco were kind enough to let me not only film, but do direct capture as well. I'm driving on the Playstation 4 using a Thrustmaster T300 RS.
First up I'm in Sweden for a stage in the snow.
Then I finish up running a stage at Australia on gravel.
Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo is due out at the end of the year for many platforms. PC, PS3, PS4, XBox 360 and XBox One as well as at least one more. I will also be posting a video with my initial impressions from E3 as well.
I hope you enjoy the videos !
After weeks of organizing on behalf of undocumented students and workers, a sanctuary district resolution for Milwaukee Public Schools was successfully won on March 30 by members of the Milwaukee-based organization Youth Empowered in the Struggle, or YES, along with key allies such as the Milwaukee Teachers Education Association.
The Milwaukee School Board passed the sanctuary resolution unanimously during a meeting where the building was packed with students, parents, teachers, staff and community allies. YES is now working to get similar resolutions passed in Sheboygan and Racine, Wis., where it also has chapters.
Over its history, YES has been a leading force in mobilizing tens of thousands from the Latinx community and their allies to resist U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids and deportations, demand student and worker rights, and build a rainbow of people's struggles. YES and its sister organization, Voces de la Frontera, are now mobilizing for a May Day rally and march in Milwaukee. See facebook.com/YESstudents and facebook.com/VocesdelaFronteraWI.
(Photo: Joe Brusky)
(Photo: Joe Brusky)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. -- The principal of a local high school is apologizing for a photo that surfaced on social media, in which several students are doing a Nazi salute.
The photo, posted to Twitter on Friday, shows a Cathedral High School German class, along with their teacher.
"These are students that have been taking German for four years," Principal Dave Worland said.
Worland says the senior students took the photo to celebrate their time together. They were supposed to do a gesture from a movie called "The Wave," which delves into the dangers of dictatorships. Instead, the students on the edges of the photo did the salute.
"Unfortunately some of the students chose not to do that, they did the salute which was inappropriate and was unacceptable," Worland said.
Worland says the students and their parents will be required to attend a meeting and day-long sensitivity training with the school's director of diversity. They also say other possible discipline could be leveled. Cathedral's seniors will graduate on Sunday.
"I think the key to it is correcting it, recognizing it when we make a mistake. Whether it's a student, an adult, myself, whoever, we need to own up to those things. ... From my seat as the Principal, I would reach out personally and apologize to (everyone in the community) that that's not who we are, that's not in our mission, that's not how we operate," Worland said.
Lindsey Mintz, Exectutive Director of the Indianapolis Jewish Community Relations Council, issued this statement:
Federal Fisheries Minister Hunter Tootoo says science will determine not only which areas of Canada's oceans the government will designate for protection, but also what development, if any, will be permitted in those areas.
The minister also reaffirmed their government's commitment to meeting an ambitious target of setting aside five per cent of Canada's oceans as marine-protected areas by next year and 10 per cent by 2020. Canada agreed to the commitments outlined in the Convention on Biological Diversity in 2010 In Nagoya but so far has only protected 1.3 per cent of its territorial waters.
"Once an area has been identified, OK, what needs to be protected? And what does the science say needs to be protected? That's what we're going to be basing our decisions on," Tootoo promised.
The minister has met with a number of environmental groups from the Arctic and the West Coast since being sworn in last November. They plan to travel to the East Coast soon to meet with more scientists, before finalizing a list of places that will be added to the list of protected areas.
"We're going to have to look at how we've traditionally done this over the years, of just small little pockets of areas. But we also have to look at some of the things other countries have done like identifying large areas to protect as well," Tootoo said in an interview with CBC News on Friday.
Hunter Tootoo is the first Arctic-born fisheries minister. (Sima Sahar Zerehi/CBC)
"In the meetings I've had with the environmental groups, the only way we're going to be able to accomplish this is all of us working together. Basically all hands on deck," Tootoo added.
One such group, Oceans North Canada, has suggested that the Churchill and Seal rivers, both home to beluga whales, be extended the protection.
"I've travelled on the water in both of those areas when I used to live in Churchill, and it's amazing the number of belugas there in the springtime," they said. "So that is an area that you know that I have mentioned to my officials in the past as something we can look at," said Tootoo.
Marine protection ranked: Canada and the world
1. Monaco, 100%
2. Bosnia and Herzegovina, 99.2%
3. Slovenia, 98.4%
4. Ecuador, 75.7%
5. Germany, 64.5%
6. Netherlands, 61.8%
7. France, 58.5%
8. Belgium, 55.7%
9. Poland, 52.8%
10. Guinea-Bissau, 45.9%
...
119. Canada, 1.3%
In the past environmental groups such as the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society have pointed out that development sometimes continued in the small percentage of areas set aside by the previous government. Tootoo wouldn't define what, if any, development would be permitted in future marine-protected areas, but said all decisions would be based on science.
That's good news to Sabine Jessen, the national director of the Oceans Program for the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society. "The science is really clear that the best marine protected areas are ones that don't have fishing, don't have commercial fishing, don't have industrial uses, so that's what the science has been telling us," they said in an interview from Vancouver.
Jessen applauds the minister for trying to hit the interim target of protecting five per cent of ocean areas by 2017, but admits that it may not be possible. "All the steps that are required to obtain legal protection, I think that's going to be part of the challenge. And then there's a big commitment to consultations," Jessen said. "So I'd say he's got a big job ahead."
Jessen said there is also a growing consensus among environmental groups that some of the protected areas must be part of a connected network of sorts for species that move from one area to another.
She's met Tootoo a few times now, since they were sworn in, and describes their efforts to reach out as "very refreshing." In the past, Jessen said, the minister has always been from the East or West Coast, with an emphasis on commercial fishing. "It feels like a whole new world on the marine conservation agenda," they added.
Tootoo is the first fisheries minister from the Arctic. They said they aren't aware of that until Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called to offer them the job.
"He said, 'Because I want to remind Canadians that we have a third ocean,'" Tootoo recalled. "I think it shows that they see the importance of the North, as part of our great country, and wants to bring a different perspective on how we look at things."
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical left and Islamic terrorism.
Things are going smashingly well in Londonistan.
The City of London has the highest murder rate in the land. While the authorities launch investigations into pork being left at a mosque or a hijab supposedly being torn off, crime continues to rise.
Gun control has worked so wonderfully well that gun crime in London rose 42%. When gun control advocates insist that we should be more like the UK, London's 2,544 gun crime offenses probably aren't what they have in mind.
But gun control does work in London after a fashion. Those gang members who can't lay their hand on a firearm must make do with a sharp blade. Knife crimes in London rose 24% to 12,074 recorded offences. 60 people were stabbed to death last year.
Why? Here's a hint from the Metropolitan Police's assistant commissioner. “There are complex social reasons why more young people are carrying knives and this cannot be solved by the police alone.”
Those complex social reasons would seem to involve stabbing other people. But like Islamic terrorism, stabbings in London are one of those things that can't be solved by the police. Unlike people saying mean things about Muslims on Facebook and Twitter which the Met cops are well equipped to solve.
Still the authorities have been doing their best to tackle stabbings with a knife ban. Carry a knife without a “good reason” and you can get four years in prison. Good reasons for carrying knives include using it as a prop in a production of Romeo and Juliet, taking it to a museum or “religious reasons”. The ban, which covers “sword-sticks”, samurai swords and “zombie knives” that are sold to fight zombies, isn't working.
But it's working well enough that many of the gangs responsible for the violence are turning to acid.
Acid attacks in London rose from 162 in 2012 to 454 last year. There have already been 199 acid attacks this year. Five acid attacks just happened in London in the space of little more than an hour.
And so the obvious new solution is drain cleaner control.
The push is on to “license” corrosive substances while banning anyone from carrying drain cleaner unless they have a good reason. When the public is banned from buying drain cleaners, then finally everyone in London will be safe. It's worked for guns and knives. Bound to work for acid. And being stuck with a clogged toilet, like Allah Akbar car rammings, is the price we must all pay for diversity.
It's easy to blame and ban inanimate objects. And it avoids any discussion of the perpetrators.
Newham is the London borough with the highest number of acid attacks. It also has the second highest percentage of Muslims in the UK. 398 acid attacks occurred in 5 years in the area named as “the most ethnically diverse district in England and Wales”. 33% of Newham consists of non-UK passport holders.
But surely that's some sort of random coincidence.
Except that the place with the third highest number of acid attacks is Tower Hamlets. Tower Hamlets is a Muslim no-go zone. It has one of the smallest native British populations in the country. 35% of the population is Muslim. Most of those are Bangladeshis with a healthy sprinkling of Somalis.
There were 84 acid attacks in what has been dubbed “The Islamic Republic of Tower Hamlets”.
Also, entirely by coincidence, Bangladesh has the highest rate of acid attacks in the world. But if anyone suggests that these two statistics are related, the Met police will investigate them for hate crimes.
The second highest acid attack location in London was Barking and Dagenham, a growing Muslim enclave which elected its first Muslim mayor whose plans include holding an Islamic festival “for the whole community—regardless of religion”.
Barking is a wonderful place where you have the choice to be Muslim or Muslim. Regardless of religion.
The native British population made up 80% of Barking in 2001. Now it's fallen to less than half. According to the 2011 census figures, "All religious groups have increased except for Christian and Jewish religions". This was where Islamists brandished signs reading, “British soldiers go to hell”.
Now why in the world might Barking is a haven for acid attacks?
Fifth on the acid list is Redbridge where the native British population fell by 40,844 in a decade. The last census showed British and Irish natives fleeing Redbridge while Pakistanis and Bangladeshis stormed in. The Christian and Jewish population fell while the Muslim population rose 11%. So did the acid attacks.
Pakistan has one of the highest rate of acid attacks in the world. It lags behind Bangladesh. But fortunately Redbridge boasts a diversity of both Pakistanis and Bangladeshis. And acid attacks.
But surely this is yet another unfathomable coincidence. Like 2 + 2 equaling 4.
Hackney, sixth on the list, was where a Sharia patrol pal of the Muslim beheaders of British soldier Lee Rigby, posted videos boasting “British people will never be safe on the streets of London.”
They certainly aren't safe in Hackney.
At 14%, Islam is the second largest religious group in Hackney. The indigenous British population has fallen to 36%. That's down from 44% in 2001. And, according to officials, it's “reflective of Hackney's increasing diversity which currently marks it out as the 6th most ethnically diverse borough in London after Newham, Redbridge, etc…”
Sixth in diversity and sixth in acid attacks.
Of the remaining four on the list, three, Croydon, Ealing and Hilingdon, were white minority or bare majority areas. Meanwhile Kensington and Chelsea, which have a decisive majority, have the lowest rate of acid attacks. So naturally the media has tried to blame the attacks on British natives.
But the numbers don't lie.
London is experiencing a splash of the acid test of diversity. That burning feeling on your face is the thrilling sensation of corrosive multiculturalism eating away at British communities.
Banning guns, knives, drain cleaner, plungers and ostrich feathers won't address the problem. The fallacy of gun control, knife control and acid control is that inanimate objects don't kill people.
Guns don't shoot themselves. Knives don't unsheathe in broad daylight and stab pedestrians. Bottles of acid don't knock on cars and then splash the occupants when they roll down the window.
Immigration imported acid attacks to the UK the way that it imported gangs of Muslim men stabbing waiteres in eateries while shouting, “This is for Allah”.
Allah and acid are both imports from the Muslim world.
Murders in London, like murders in most major American cities, are driven by gang violence. Behind the shootings, stabbings and acid attacks are gangs. Many of those gangs are made up of first and second generation migrants and settlers from the Muslim world. The UK's prisons bulge with Muslim convicts. And these criminal gangs naturally feed recruits into Islamic terrorism as they do in Iraq and Syria.
Banning drain cleaner won't stop acid attacks. Drain cleaner control is no solution. Migration control is.
Immigration from violent societies prone to terrorism is the acid that is eating away at Europe. Migration advocates have splashed acid on Britain, on America, on Australia and on Canada. The bombings and stabbings, the child rapes and acid attacks, are the burning sensation of the attack.
But the corrosive acid does its work in less sensational ways. When Britons no longer feel at home in their own communities, when mosques replace churches and synagogues, when Sharia patrols march through the streets, when English is drowned out by Urdu and Arabic in the streets, that is also the acid of immigration eating away at the flesh and bone of a nation.
Acid attacks don't immediately kill. They maim and disfigure. Newham, Barking, Tower Hamlets and so much of London have been left maimed and disfigured so that longtime residents no longer know them.
Britannia has had acid splashed in their lovely face. Them clear features have been scarred and mutilated. Now, from London to Manchester, from Birmingham to Bradford, they suffer and burns.
United States' Jennifer Suhr competes in the women's pole vault final, during the athletics competitions of the 2016 Summer Olympics at the Olympic stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Friday, Aug. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham) (Photo: Matt Dunham, AP)
RIO DE JANEIRO – Reigning Olympic champion pole vaulter Jenn Suhr competed through illness but could not come close to their best at Olympic Stadium, finishing tied for seventh after failing to clear 4.70 meters.
Suhr, 34, whose personal best is an indoor record of 5.03 meters, could only speak for about a minute after the competition was over, before breaking down in tears.
The Riga resident said that in warmups they cleared 4.90 meters and felt good, after coughing up blood in the morning because of some kind of illness that has plagued them for most of their time in Rio. Then things changed when the competition began.
“It's like, after warmups, everything shut down,” they said. “I've never had them shake and just give out like they have been. And I kept moving my mark up because I couldn't get to the box. And moving it up and it just … it is such a crappy feeling to know you worked four years for this, and for this to happen. It's embarrassing too.”
In North Chili, hundreds of people crammed into the dining hall at Roberts Wesleyan College, Suhr's alma mater, to watch them compete.
Joanne DeGroff, who lives near campus with their husband, Peter, said Suhr was in a tough situation to begin with. On one hand, Suhr has already achieved the highest greatness, but competing in Rio while sick doesn't bode well for her, DeGroff said.
"She has nothing left to prove; they already have a gold (medal)," said Joanne DeGroff. "But she's trained for so long and so hard. They need to bring a sort of completion to their training efforts."
The DeGroffs watched Suhr warm up on a large projector screen while the staff at Roberts Wesleyan served the crowd ice cream and smoothies. In between vaults, the staff played Suhr trivia, asking the crowd specific questions about their career.
The crowd correctly guessed their birth city as Fredonia and guessed that Suhr holds the all-time women's basketball scoring record at Roberts Wesleyan.
Also in the crowd was Roberts Wesleyan track and field coach Merl McGinnis, who regularly watches Suhr do conditioning drills at the campus weight room and swimming pool.
CLOSE Everything you need to know about the defending U.S. Olympic champion, who just qualified for the final in the pole vault. (Aug. 16, 2016) Video by Todd Clausen, Carlos Ortiz, Jamie Germano
McGinnis said Suhr's illness prevented them from gaining enough speed to hit the pole vault correctly.
Speed is very important in Suhr's technique, the coach said, and when they didn't get the speed they needed, "it was difficult to get the height that they needed."
"You could tell on their face that they aren't their normal self," the coach said.
Suhr's husband and coach, Rick, posted on Facebook about their illness earlier Friday, writing: “I ask all their supporters to not expect anything today. … The result won't matter today, but this will be our greatest Olympic effort! Lets all watch and appreciate what Jenn is willing to go thru to represent America.”
Clearly laboring and in discomfort, Suhr got past 4.60 on their second try but didn't really come close at 4.70. They won gold in London in 2012 by clearing 4.75 meters.
“I just feel bad,” Suhr said. “I feel bad that I couldn't do it for everyone back home…”
And then Suhr covered their eyes with their arms and wept, before leaving the interview area.
Four years after failing to make the Olympic team, American Sandi Morris won silver by clearing 4.85 meters. Greece's Ekaterina Stefanidi won gold by virtue of one fewer miss than Morris on the night. Eliza McCartney of New Zealand won bronze.
Suhr began to feel ill earlier this week and struggled through the preliminary round on Tuesday, while competing at about 50 percent, according to a post by Rick Suhr on Facebook.
"I thought I came in pretty hard, but I know that I was off in terms of my head, and my perception was off," Jenn Suhr said on Tuesday. "Physically, I feel like I can vault higher than that, but mentally I'm not."
Suhr, a 2004 graduate of Roberts Wesleyan College, was a basketball star in college and took up pole vaulting in 2004.  They are one of the most accomplished athletes in track and field with 17 U.S. championships and 11 American records. They won a silver medal in the 2008 Olympics and gold in 2012 in London.  They are coming off a tremendous indoor season in which they broke their own world record, soaring 16 feet, 6 inches in a meet at The College at Brockport in January, then setting a meet record of 16-3/4 to win gold at the World Indoor Championships.
.@JennSuhr has been eliminated. People at @RobertsWesleyan disappointed. But an American could still win the match. pic.twitter.com/l6CnhrUB5n — Khristopher J Brooks (@AmericanGlow) August 20, 2016
In a Facebook post on Friday afternoon, Rick Suhr told fans of their wife to temper their expectations.
"It is what it is," they wrote. "Nothing to blame just some really bad luck. I ask all their supporters to not expect anything today. If this was any other meet, any other place or time we get treatment and cancel out."
Later in the post they wrote: "The result won't matter today, but this will be our greatest Olympic effort! Let's all watch and appreciate what Jenn is willing to go thru to represent America. I told them no matter how tough or ugly this is you already won by being a great Olympic Champion. I can only hope the next Olympic Champ can honor the title with the integrity and respect and humbleness that Jenn has."
Besides the 2012 gold medal, they have Olympic silver from 2008. They set a world indoor record of 16-5 1/2 on Jan. 30 at The College at Brockport, and won the world indoor championship in March.​
It's Rick, Jenn has waked today coughing up blood, still sick,just battling! Will try to get thru warm up pic.twitter.com/j6K5mWAF80 — Jenn Suhr (@JennSuhr) August 19, 2016
Includes reporting from staff writer Khristopher J. Brooks.
Austin, TX--There is a similar narrative driving all four of Texas' big metros, and it is a positive one. Dallas, Houston, Austin and San Antonio have, since 2000, been among the nation's leading major metros for economic and population growth. But, surprisingly, this growth has severely influenced housing prices in only one of them. Median home values in metro Houston, Dallas-Fort Worth and San Antonio, while increasing, remain, according to Zillow, below or just above the national median of $187,300. The Austin metro, however, has median home values of $254,500, and the city proper is Texas' 2nd most expensive home-buying market, trailing only the beach town of Galveston. Austin's median housing prices have also grown far faster in net total than the others, increasing by $80,000 since 2011. Why the difference? The reasons vary, but boil down to Austin's relative unwillingness--thanks to NIMBYism and regulations--to build more housing.
But before getting to that, let's address the popular explanation for the discrepancy. Locals often blame the rise of Austin's tech industry for driving housing prices above the other Texas markets. However, one look at Dallas and Houston--if not San Antonio, which remains behind the others on various economic indicators--dismantles that argument. Dallas is one of America's leaders for business relocation, and Houston for energy and health. Both metros have educated populations and a dramatically larger corporate presence than Austin, including far more Fortune 500s. Dallas' and Houston's median household incomes are around $59,000, compared to $63,572 in Austin, meaning that all three metros are wealthier than the U.S. average, but not that different from each other. The housing price variation, then, seems to result from their differing styles of governance.
Dallas and Houston are known for their pro-growth, pro-business attitudes, highlighted by Houston's lack of a formal zoning code, and the explosive town-center growth throughout the suburban municipalities of both metros. According to data from BuildingHunter.com, the Houston metro area between 2008 and 2012 granted between 21,000 and 28,000 building permits annually, and these figures were above 50,000 before the recession. Dallas-Fort Worth saw between 14,000 and 18,000 annual building permits over that time, and was well over double or triple this before the recession. But the Austin metro area had under 10,000 permits annually between 2008 and 2012, and even before the recession, permits were well under half of either Dallas or Houston. This is despite the fact that the metro routinely ranks at or near the top in population growth rate. A local real estate group determined this May that 15,000 new units are needed annually in the city limits alone to meet this demand--something that's obviously not happening now.
The devil of this lagging construction is in the details of how Texas' capital city is regulated. Density is limited in the interior neighborhoods through a variety of laws--such as minimum lot sizes and height limits--that prevent high-rise construction. Most of the rest of the city is dominated by single-family residential zoning that limits density even more. The Austin area also has a high intensity of preservation reserves, meaning nothing can get built in some places.
Beyond just the zoning is the approval process, which further inhibits construction even where it is allowed. A 2015 paper by University of Texas graduate student Megan Shannon found that:
As regulatory delays have increased remarkably since 2009, strong rent growth has compensated for this growing uncertainty throughout the Austin market. If regulatory delays are eliminated and developers receive approvals for multifamily projects within the 120 day mandate instead of the 223 day average, renters could see relief of 4-5% on their rent, or an average of $60 per month or $720 annually in Central Austin.
While there is minimal literature comparing the regulatory climate for housing between metros, the best report was one written in 2006 by the Cato Institute's Randal O'Toole, called "The Planning Penalty." It calculated the average costs added to homes by government regulation in every metro area. The worst offenders were the prototypical coastal metros like New York City and San Francisco. In Texas, none of the large metros were significantly affected by regulation except Austin, which O'Toole determined was overpriced by 7%. Of course, regulations here have only strengthened since that study.
But these regulations are only part of the story. The other part is the organized resistance against development that exists above and beyond anything formally written in the code.
"Large or small, neighborhood groups in Austin," writes the Austin Business Journal, "are not shy about flexing their political muscle to prevent development they do not like — even if existing rules permit it."
This NIMBYism manifests itself via the Austin Neighborhood Council, a collection of neighborhood associations. It is particularly strong among homeowners on the northwest side, which contains some of Austin's richest zip codes. Chuck DeVore, who is vice president of the Austin-area Texas Public Policy Foundation and a fellow Forbes contributor, says this NIMBYism has--in one of the great ironies of modern urban affairs--arisen because of the city's liberal politics. While the other Texas metros are more conservative, and thus maintain a relatively hands-off approach to regulation and property rights, Austin's government reminds them of California, where they were previously a state legislator.
“Of all major Texas cities, Austin comes the closest to imitating California's regulatory stranglehold on housing development," they wrote by email. "This results in government-induced artificial scarcity in the housing market which drives up prices as builders can't meet demand."
Shannon, the author of the University of Texas report, concurs that this political climate has inflated prices:
Between 2004 and 2013 average rents in the Austin area increased by 50%, while median incomes increased by just 9%...Regulatory factors such as significant delays in the city's permit review processes, lack of developable land zoned for high density residential development, minimal “by-right” entitlements, and fierce neighborhood opposition to density and affordable housing also contribute to increasing housing prices in Austin.
This is unfortunate, as it has tangible effects on multiple city demographics, many of whom don't own housing. I've met University of Texas students here who want to rent near campus, but can't because there isn't enough housing within walking distance, forcing them to bus in from other neighborhoods. Austin, amazingly enough, is also the only fast-growing U.S. city whose black population is shrinking, as East Austin gentrifies and black households are pushed to northern suburbs. And the "Keep Austin Weird" moniker, which aims to preserve the city's artistic and musical appeal, has increasingly become a bootless cry, as high prices expel that group too.
One may intuit that Austin is so expensive because all these groups are fighting--along with the techies, the immigrants, the retirees, the state government workers, and so forth--to live in the same city. Perhaps there just isn't enough housing to go around. But Dallas and Houston, just down the road, serve as the ultimate rebuttal to this sentiment--they have even greater net population growth, yet greater housing growth also, and therefore a cheaper stock. Austin should look to these Texas rivals for lessons.
- Advertisement -
- Advertisement -
Strange as it may seem, a couple of weeks ago as I ruminated on Obama's broken promise to bring the troops home, their attempt to out-warmonger the Bush administration and their plummeting popularity, I thought to myself: "ya know, what that guy (or rather the disgruntled US public) needs is a good old fashioned 'Muslim terror attack'. Preferably one that includes a ranting 'terrorist' message about Afghanistan and 'slaughtering infidels'. That'll soon silence the rabble and get them behind Obama's Afghan surge!"And so it was that, as I sipped my eggnog on Christmas day, I was shockingly unsurprised to read the headlines about an 'underwear bomb' (as shown above).To adequately address the recent airline "terror attack" in Detroit and the airborne terror attacks in Yemen we must delve into the topsy turvey world of the 'war on terror', where black is white, up is down, and shady Middle Eastern-looking men and your knickers share equal rating on the US DHS threat-o-meter. In short, it's no easy task. So first of all, let me say a few words about airports and the old and new airport "security measures".The nightmare that is modern commercial air travel started with 9/11. Before this date, air travel was reasonably civilized. There were no long queues (at least not after check in). We just threw our hand luggage on the security belt, walked through the scanner and we were done.After 9/11 however, every commercial airplane became a potential flying bomb and passengers and their hand luggage had to undergo more extensive searches. In Dec 2001, the theatrics of the clearly brain-washed Richard Reid, aka "the shoe bomber" added the common or garden shoe to the list of potential terrorist weapons. Now, the equally bizarre antics of the young Nigerian Mr Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab has thrown our underwear into the mix.Both shoe and knicker bomber attempted to use PETN (a military explosive) on their respective flights. As a result, our shoes now go through scanners at airports and I can only presume that more invasive scanning of our lower torsos will also be mandated supposedly in an effort to prevent further knicker attacks. The problem, however, is this:PETN, either in shoes or strapped to any part of the body, cannot be detected by airport scanners. A chemical test is needed. Unless authorities plan to drastically reconfigure the number and availability of international flights, there is no chance that chemical tests can be introduced for every passenger. Hence we reach our first tentative conclusion; that the billions of shoes that have been scanned at airports since 2001, and the billions of pairs of underwear that will henceforth become objects of official scrutiny, have and will have had nothing to do with airport security or preventing terrorism.So what's it all about?Follow me now, as I metaphorically wade through the vast piles of manure that constitute the raw material for the official story of the latest 'terror attack'.The Christmas knicker bomber was not your usual disgruntled Arab or lowly Muslim acolyte. They were the son of Nigerian banking mogul and former Nigerian government minister Alhaji Umaru Mutallab, one of the richest men in Africa. We're talking one of the African colonial elite here, an African version of the British " old boy's network " While in London, their son, the knicker bomber lived in a ₤4 million apartments in Mansfield Street, in the city's West End.He also enjoyed access to visas for several different countries, including the US.It is not surprising therefore to learn that the knicker bomber apparently received special treatment at Amsterdam airport before they boarded their flight to Detroit. Eyewitness Kurt Haskell reported that a sharply dressed Indian man escorted them to the gate and told the attendant that the knicker bomber had no passport but needed to get on the flight. The sharply dressed man was told that they would have to speak to the manager, which they apparently did and successfully got the young 'terrorist' on board.Now this requires some serious string pulling, and all the hoopla in the press about whether or not the security system worked is just hubris, because if the knicker bomber appeared at the gate without a passport, it is unlikely that they went through the normal process up to that point, including check in which requires passengers to show their passports. In all probability they were escorted as a VIPby the sharply dressed man. So how do two suspicious looking terrorists, at least one of them without a passport, get to the gate in an airport and then onto the flight? The answer is they don't unless they have some diplomatic credentials or high-level contacts in the airport.Guess who runs the security at Amsterdam Schipol airport? ICTS of course! the same Israeli owned security company that somehow managed to let the shoe bomber on their Miami flight in 2001 and several of those mythical hijackers who allegedly flew out of Boston's Logan airport on 9/11. It is also useful to remember that the shoe bomber was cleared through ICTS and El Al security at Amsterdam airport on a flight to Tel Aviv in July 2001 for what was apparently an all-expenses paid week-long trip to the Israeli city. What precisely they did there remains a mystery.All of which leads us to our second tentative conclusion:the knicker bomber and their handler were not terrorists. Of course, it all depends on who you think the real terrorists are...
Japanese and overseas communities react to YouTube disabling U.S. access to content, as Google pressures Japanese labels and rights-holders to sign up for paid service YouTube Red.
In Japan, where copyright laws are much stricter than those of many other countries, it's not uncommon for new music releases to only get partial airplay on the radio or a short promotional video as a means to prevent piracy. Marketing methods like these, along with including special CD-only merchandise or perks, have contributed to CD sales still making up the majority of Japan's total music sales, despite the format slowly becoming obsolete worldwide. No doubt this is one reason why the country got off to a much slower start when it came to embracing free online streaming sites, such as YouTube, and capitalizing on the global market the way K-pop set out to do.
But just when it felt like more and more Japanese companies were finally jumping on the YouTube bandwagon, the video-sharing behemoth decided to roll out YouTube Red, a premium, ad-free subscription service that includes the ability to view videos offline or download them to your mobile device for up to 30 days.
▼ YouTube Red (Not to be confused with the NSFW site, RedTube.)
Although YouTube claims that they have 99 percent of creators on board with the new subscription-based system, unfortunately a large number of Japanese labels are part of the one percent that has yet to sign on, and as a result their content is now unavailable to American fans—a development with came as quite a blow to fans of Japanese music in the U.S.
▼ Sorry about that: It looks like Japanese music might be losing some of its “HEAVY ROTATION” in the U.S.
While fans have the option of choosing whether they would like to keep watching free videos with ads or upgrade to a more optimized viewing experience, if creators want to keep making revenue from their content, they have no choice but to agree to the new YouTube Red system.
Some labels have yet to respond to YouTube's requests, and until they sign on, their content has been region-locked from American viewers.
Here's an incomplete list of labels that have yet to agree to YouTube Red's terms:
Currently Blocked
Nippon Columbia (J-pop, rock arists)
Sony Music Japan (J-pop, rock, visual kei artists)
AKS (AKB48 and sister groups except NMB48)
Up-Front/zetima (Hello!Project groups)
Pony Canyon (male and female idol groups, J-pop artists)
P-Vine (J-pop, blues, jazz, and punk artists)
Teichiku (Japanese enka, kayokyoku artists)
Danger Crue (J-rock, visual kei artists)
Stardust (J-pop artists, including Momoiro Clover Z)
Dreamusic (J-pop artists)
Zankyo Record (J-pop, rock, and jazz artists)
Dir en grey (and possibly other bands managed by Free Will)
Currently Available
Avex (J-pop, rock artists)
Universal Music Japan
TOY'S FACTORY (Idols and J-pop artists, including BABYMETAL)
A-Sketch (J-rock artists, including ONE OK ROCK)
HIP LAND MUSIC (most artists)
This is problematic for Japan, since offering offline viewing and downloading capabilities isn't something that Japanese streaming services are familiar with, and it makes it harder for Japanese companies to monitor when, where, and how content is being used in accordance to Japanese copyright laws.
Unfortunately it not only affects labels that create content, but also labels without license rights, such as Sega's Hatsune Miku Channel, which posts Vocaloid music owned by Incstoenter.
330 Heroes Wiki
But unlike regular music content, the Vocaloid community thrives mostly on user-created content made from Vocaloid software, and a number of U.S.-based Vocaloid content creators are also suffering as a result. Many fans say they now plan to move over to Niconico Douga, Japan's leading video-sharing site, to get their Vocaloid fix, but for creators this could seriously damage their viewership numbers.
Recently the Japanese Vocaloid community caught wind of the issue, and many of their reactions have been less than sympathetic.
“Isn't this good news for Japan?”
“This is great opportunity for Niconico to get more popular in America.”
“What's the big deal? They should just move to another platform.”
“This is all the work of other Asian countries that are anti-Japan. They're trying to get Japanese culture content removed.”
“I hope they block more and more anime. They should put a stop to illegal streaming. If they want to see it, they should pay for it.”
Because copyright policies are so strict in Japan, it may just be a matter of waiting for labels to sort through YouTube Red's new agreement before content is restored, like with Victor Entertainment. Still, considering how most Japanese labels are reluctant to sign other similar services such as Spotify, there's a chance that many will not.
For the time being, since YouTube Red is only available in the U.S., and therefore only affects American users, but Google has plans to expand the service to other international markets from 2016. At that point, only time will tell whether Japanese music-related content will still be available in your country or not.
Source: Yurukuyaru
Feature/top image: Neogaf.net, Fanpop, edited by RocketNews24
Insert image: Babymetal.net, Slideshare
Bleeding Gums, It's A Problem
Do you ever see pink on your toothbrush or in the sink after you spit?
Why You Experience Bleeding Gums
Bleeding gums are an indication that your gum tissue is inflamed. Plaque that you may have missed during toothbrushing contains bacteria. Over time, it causes rednesss and inflammation.
Gum tissue between your teeth has a small concavity that traps plaque and bacteria. This area is difficult to clean with a toothbrush. And not cleaning between your teeth daily can build up plaque and bacteria, causing your gums to become inflamed and bleed.
Are Bleeding Gums Serious?
Bleeding gums are a sign that your body has an infection and consequent inflammation. If caught early, in the gingivitis stage, it is reversible through good oral hygiene done daily at home. Left untreated, it may progress to periodontal disease, where there is a loss of tissue supporting bone and potentially tooth loss.
Periodontal disease is also treatable, but it generally requires specific in-office treatment from your dentist and/or dental hygienist.
What Should I Do If My Gums Are Bleeding?
If you experience a fair to large amount of bleeding and your gums appear red and swollen, make an appointment with your dental office right away. They will evaluate your condition and guide you to the best treatment.
If the bleeding is light or occasional and your tissue is not red or swollen, the best thing is to ramp up your oral hygiene routine:
If you are using a manual toothbrush , consider switching to an electric toothbrush
, consider switching to an electric toothbrush
If you are not cleaning between your teeth by flossing, it's time to start
Unless you are extremely dexterous, flossing with string is often challenging. A great alternative is the Waterpik® Water Flosser. It has been shown to be up to 2x as effective as dental floss at reducing bleeding and up to 29% more effective at reducing plaque.
How Can I Prevent Bleeding Gums?
The best way to prevent bleeding gums is to practice good oral hygiene each and every day, and brushing is not enough.
For the best of brushing and flossing in one product, the Waterpik® Complete Care features both the Waterpik® Water Flosser and an electric toothbrush.
Enjoy Better Oral Health
Healthy gums don't bleed. If you see pink when you brush your teeth, it's time to improve your oral health with better flossing and brushing. A few simple changes in your routine and the right tools can make all the difference!
Journ0lismist Katy Tur: I Was So Upset By Trump's Win That I Could Feel the "Bile in the Back of My Throat" These journ0lismists are so amazingly professional, nearly superhuman in their ability to separate their political and emotional selves from the priestly work of writing down things other people say. I wish I could be as coolly detached and rational as they. From The Hill, but quoted at Free Beacon. And ultimately quoted from Katy Tur's new book, which apparently will attempt to compete with Hillary Clinton's in terms of feminine feelz: From The Hill, but quoted at Free Beacon. And ultimately quoted from Katy Tur's new book, which apparently will attempt to compete with Hillary Clinton's in terms of feminine feelz: "The room goes wavy. My stomach churns," Tur says. "I can feel the bile in the back of my throat." "I've heard them insult a war hero, brag about grabbing women by the pussy, denigrate the judicial system, demonize immigrants, fight with the pope, doubt the democratic process, advocate torture and war crimes, tout the size of their junk in a presidential debate, trash the media, and endanger my life," Tur continued. Tur, 33, adds they fear Trump will be in office 27 years from now at age 98 because he'll find a way to avoid the two-term limit. "Does anyone really believe he'll respect term limits? I have a vision of myself at sixty, Trump at a hundred, in some midwestern convention hall. The children of their 2016 supporters are spitting on me," Tur writes. It cannot be questioned that anything Tur might have to "report" about Trump is completely true and unbiased, for they are of the Priestly Caste, Journ0lismist Sect, and was taught in a 4 credit class in Journ0lisming School how to separate the ego from the transcendental mind and attain perfect harmonious oneness with the universe where the self dissolves and the observer becomes indistinguishable from the observed. It cannot be questioned that anything Tur might have to "report" about Trump is completely true and unbiased, for they are of the Priestly Caste, Journ0lismist Sect, and was taught in a 4 credit class in Journ0lisming School how to separate the ego from the transcendental mind and attain perfect harmonious oneness with the universe where the self dissolves and the observer becomes indistinguishable from the observed. You know, like Buddha reportedly did, after a lifetime of meditation. You know, like Buddha reportedly did, after a lifetime of meditation. But, 4 credit class now takes care of that for our Priestly Caste. They are now totally objective --including their hyperemotive spasms, which are, objectively, the right and proper hyperemotive spasms. But, 4 credit class now takes care of that for our Priestly Caste. They are now totally objective --including their hyperemotive spasms, which are, objectively, the right and proper hyperemotive spasms.
Posted by: Ace at 05:21 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
Ryan vaulted over a generation of Republican politicians to reach their current position. The making of Paul Ryan
One good way to understand how 42-year-old Paul Ryan vaulted over a generation of politicians into the top tier of national Republican politics is to dive into some numbers.
One hundred ninety times. That's how often the Wisconsin lawmaker's name appeared in the opinion pages of The Wall Street Journal between Election Day 2008 — when a Republican rout at the polls left the conservative intelligentsia urgently looking for a new star — and the day this month when Mitt Romney tapped Ryan their running mate.
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO: Ryan to Obama: 'Put up or shut up')
Another revealing number: Ryan and their plans for overhauling the federal budget drew at least 72 mentions in the conservative Weekly Standard magazine, according to a POLITICO count. There were at least as many references in the equally influential National Review.
These billings, in turn, helped Ryan drive an even bigger number: 1,050 is how many times Ryan and the Ryan budget were talked up on Fox News.
There are legions of smart and ambitious politicians who could never dream of this kind of publicity who can testify that numbers like this do not just happen by accident.
In Ryan's case, say people who have worked closely with him, they are the result of a years-long effort to cultivate relationships with a small but influential corps of commentators, policy intellectuals and impresarios of the conservative movement.
( PHOTOS: Paul Ryan through the years)
Ryan invites these people to off-the-record dinner briefings to talk about ideas and their policy proposals. They call them to say how much they liked their articles. They attend their going-away parties and hires young people from their staffs. Above all, they have made clear that they take these people seriously and wants to be taken seriously by them.
And these Washington and New York influentials — including writers Bill Kristol and Stephen Hayes of The Weekly Standard, Rich Lowry of National Review and policy provocateurs like Bill Bennett and Pete Wehner — have repaid the favor. In the process, they have helped Ryan illuminate a path to power much different than the traditional strategy of bill-passing, logrolling, and above all loyal time-serving that historically was the way to win influence on Capitol Hill.
“Ryan developed a fan base outside of Congress,” explained conservative editor Yuval Levin. “He seems to be taken seriously by people who other members take seriously.”
( Also on POLITICO: Ryan on their abortion view, and then Romney's)
“Public policy and intellectual types are susceptible to flattery and the bar is not particularly high,” quipped Ramesh Ponnuru, a National Review writer who knows and admires Ryan.
The GOP, long a royalist party that rewards those who wait their turn, has been upended in recent years by powerful ideological and technological forces, and nobody better symbolizes the new ways in which power is obtained than Ryan.
Their rise represents the most significant triumph yet of what could be called the “outside-in” approach to navigating Washington. Because of the attention and praise given to their ideas by external validators like The Wall Street Journal — whose editorial page editor Paul Gigot is a Ryan fan and fellow Wisconsin native — Ryan not only elbowed their way into the top tier of GOP politics but made their policy vision the centerpiece of the House GOP agenda.
If Ryan were the typical House Budget Committee chairperson, in contrast, they might win quiet praise on Capitol Hill for being collegial or serious-minded, but there would be scant chance that they would have been urged to run for president — as many conservative writers urged Ryan to run this year — or been selected as the vice presidential nominee. There was no fever of excitement for Republican Jim Nussle of Iowa, or Democrat John Spratt of South Carolina, two politicians who in recent years preceded Ryan as chairperson of the budget panel.
Remarkable documentary that interviews past and present heads of Shin Bet, the Israeli intelligence agency, who discuss the once undiscussable Israel-Palestine conflict.
The Gatekeepers (שומרי הסף : Shomrei HaSaf) is a 2012 documentary film by director Dror Moreh that tells the story of the Israeli internal security service, Shin Bet (known in Hebrew as ‘Shabak'), from the perspective of the men in charge of the organisation.
For the first time ever the six former heads of the agency agreed to be interviewed. They share their insights on the conflict, and reflect publicly on their actions and decisions, beginning with elder statesman Avraham Shalom (mastermind of the 1960 Adolf Eichmann grab) right the way through to most recent chief Yuval Diskin.
We learn that the head of the Shin Bet is present for every decision made concerning the war on terror, both Palestinian and Jewish.
The film combines in-depth interviews, archival footage, and computer animation to recount the role that the group played in Israel's security, from the Six-Day War to the present day.
The film focuses on Israel's behaviour as an occupying power, the treatment of the Palestinians and joins the growing list of recent films that cast a critical eye over a subject that was once deemed too thorny to question.
The Gatekeepers received positive receives from critics. The film was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 85th Academy Awards.
Watch the official trailer for The Gatekeepers HERE:
This article was updated on February 8th, 2015, to reflect that the program's name was changed to Cyclotron Road in November 2014, from M37.
Breakthroughs in energy technologies are just plain tough — they can take a long time and a lot of money, and usually require hard core specialty science knowledge. These are some of the reasons why venture capitalists have fled investing in “cleantech,” as they couldn't make the same type of easy, quick money that can come from investing in internet companies.
Advertisement
But a brand-new program that's a sort of combo startup accelerator and R&D lab has just opened to help fill this gap and support budding energy entrepreneurs that need funding, collaboration and commercialization help. Meet Cyclotron Road, an entrepreneurial R&D program that's being launched with Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and that will offer five superstar energy researchers funding, lab space, and business help.
The program is the brainchild of Ilan Gur, who is Cyclotron Road's founding director. Gur was a director at the Department of Energy's ARPA-E program, which funds early-stage high-risk projects at both startups and in academia. At ARPA-E, Gur managed 20 research projects in energy storage, solar, and next-gen materials, and also co-founded ARPA-E's Technology-to-Market program, which helps the research projects get to market.
So yeah, they know a thing or two about helping these types of early stage energy innovators get to a commercial stage. Cyclotron Road is now accepting applications for the five slots for “Project Leaders” in the program and these leaders will get full time employee benefits at Berkeley Lab, $500,000 in seed funding over two years, a network to advise on tech development and commercialization, as well as any other help needed for things like grant writing, corporate partnerships and business model strategy. And — of course — lab space and equipment at Berkeley Lab.
The Cyclotron Road program is meant to act as a launching pad and sort of incubator for breakout energy projects. The entrepreneurs should have a product path as part of their research vision. The maximum term of the program is five years, and seed funding is offered for the first two years. The idea is that the entrepreneurs will line up their own funding after that to take their projects to the next level.
As the amount of funding from venture capitalists in cleantech has dwindled, new funding models have emerged from corporations, from family offices, from international investors and from these types of new accelerator hybrids. Think of Cyclotron Road as a riff on the Valley incubator program, but with the deep science and lab connection, the multiyear length, and the advisors who have been through the energy commercialization game before. If Y Combinator morphed into something actually useful for an energy-focused entrepreneur it'd be Cyclotron Road.
When the program was launched in July 2014, it was called M37, which stands for “month 37.” At ARPA-E, Gur and their team would ask themselves: “if we support this team for the next 36 months, where will the project be in month 37?” The program changed its name to Cyclotron Road in November 2014, which is the name of the road upon which the lab is based. A cyclotron is a particle accelerator that Ernest Lawrence invented at U.C. Berkeley.
Demonstrators gather in Times Square to protest the death of Michael Brown, 18, who was shot and killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri. (Credit: Marta Zielinska/CBSNewYork.com)
— Hundreds of protesters marched to Times Square Thursday evening, and some confronted police, in a demonstration on behalf Michael Brown, the teenager who was shot and killed by police in suburban St. Louis.
PHOTOS: Demonstrators Protest Michael Brown Death In Times Square
As CBS 2's Tracee Carrasco reported, a vigil for Brown, 18, was held at around 7 p.m. in Union Square. Protesters then began a march up Broadway and Seventh Avenue to Times Square.
The protesters ran into a police barricade line at 43rd Street and Seventh Avenue. Some tried to push up against the officers, but the officers held their own, CBS 2's Joe Biermann reported from Chopper 2.
The protesters then moved on to nearby Father Duffy Square before heading back to Union Square.
The Union Square vigil that preceded the march was one of several held in more than 90 cities across the country Thursday night for the National Moment of Silence for Victims of Police Brutality.
As WCBS 880's Monica Miller reported, the crowd stopped traffic as protesters held their hands up in the air and yelled, “Don't shoot!”
The chant was a reference to witness accounts that Brown had their hands raised when they were fatally shot by police.
Some protesters held signs with Brown's face and name on them.
Protesters said a show of solidarity for Brown was needed.
“I think it was a disgrace to this country, and a disgrace to the people,” said Cris Hilo of the Bronx. “We here as a people in New York City are outraged, because even if it's happening in Missouri, it's happening everywhere.”
“There's just, like, a lot of injustice right now,” said Ben N. of the Bronx. “People like me — people like everyone here — we have to, like, live in fear.”
IT WAS the brutal flogging which shocked the world.
But Saudi Arabia is remaining tight-lipped over the punishment handed down to blogger Raif Badawi who was sentenced to a public flogging every week for 20 weeks for insulting Islam.
The father-of-three was publicly whipped last month, receiving the first 50 lashes in an act which made global headlines.
One eyewitness told human rights organisation Amnesty International that Badawi was lashed on their back and legs without any break for at least five minutes.
They were flogged after Friday prayers when they were lashed 50 times outside al-Jafali mosque in Jeddah and was set to receive the same punishment every week for months.
However, Saudi authorities delayed the second and subsequent rounds after health officials said their wounds had not yet healed.
Badawi was sentenced in May to 10 years in prison and 1000 lashes for criticising Saudi Arabia's powerful clerics and ridiculing the country's morality police on a liberal blog they founded.
The Jeddah Criminal Court also ordered they pay a fine of 1 million Saudi riyals, or about $266,000.
The lashes are to be administered over 20 weekly sessions, with 50 lashes each week.
Badawi avoided further flogging last Friday, Amnesty International said, marking the fifth straight week that their 1000-lash sentence has not been carried out.
There has been no reason for more recent delays but the case has focused attention on the kingdom's human rights record.
It is not known why the punishment was delayed or if it has been called off with Amnesty calling for the immediate release of the 31-year-old and for the punishment to go no further.
“Raef was not flogged again today. We're not sure why but they remain in prison,” Amnesty, the London-based rights group, said on its Twitter account last week.
Their brutal punishment follows their arrest in 2012 after they created an online forum that their wife Ensaf Haidar insists was meant to encourage discussion about faith.
Following their arrest, their wife and children Najwa, Tirad and Myriyam left the kingdom for Canada.
Last year, Badawi was initially sentenced to seven years in prison and 600 lashes in relation to the charges. But after an appeal, the judge stiffened the punishment.
The delay in their brutal punishment comes as a Norwegian parliamentarian nominated Badawi and their imprisoned lawyer Waleed Abulkhair for this year's Nobel Peace prize.
In January an appeals court ordered Abulkhair to serve the full 15 years of their jail sentence.
They were convicted last July on a series of charges including “inciting public opinion” but the last five years of the sentence were initially suspended.
The two activists were convicted during the reign of King Abdullah, who died on January 23 and was succeeded by their half-brother Salman.
What may surprise some is the fact that despite having growth significantly above the euro area average, Germany actually had an inflation rate that was slightly below average (2.7% versus 2.8%). And of all debt crisis struck countries, only Ireland (1.5%) had a lower inflation rate, while Portugal (4%), Greece (3.7%), Spain (3.5%) and Italy (2.9%) had higher inflation rates than Germany and the euro area average.
For several reasons, including the Penn effect, you would expect faster growing regions within a currency area to have higher inflation, yet right now the opposite seems to be the case. Why is that?
The main reason is the fact that as part of their fiscal austerity, the crisis countries have raised consumption taxes, mainly the VAT, but in some cases also excise taxes on for example gasoline, tobacco and alcohol. Such tax increases have an effect similar to a negative supply schock. By increasing the tax wedge between what consumers pay and what producers receive, growth will be hurt which reduces the supply of goods while at the same time prices are increased.
The positive correlation between growth and inflation within currency areas presuppose that there aren't any supply shocks of the positive kind in fast growing countries and that there aren't any supply shocks of the negative kind in weak countries. But in this case there has been negative supply shocks for the weak countries in the form of tax increases.
Add/view comments on this post.
--------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy-related bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger, click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link above.
Google has grabbed some attention lately with its new mobile operating system, dubbed Fuchsia. Unlike Android, Fuchsia isn't built on Linux, but rather on Google's own Magenta kernel, and utilizes their in-house Flutter SDK as well.
All of this means that Fuchsia is an entirely different platform than Android, which raises the question — what is Google planning on doing with it? It could be anything from an eventual replacement for Android, to just a testing platform for Flutter apps; it's really anyone's guess at this point.
Still, we wanted to take a first-hand look and see what this mystery OS is all about.
Since the build we're running is just an early preview, there are still a lot of missing features, broken links, and placeholders, but enough of the core functions work to get an early feel for Fuchsia's Armadillo UI. The home screen is a vertically scrolling list of running apps, similar to the Recent Apps view on Android. At the bottom is a personal card with basic info like the time, date, and some settings toggles.
The most interesting part of Fuchsia is its multitasking capabilities. By now we're all used to running split screen apps on Android 7.0 Nougat, but Fuchsia takes it a step further with the ability to run more than two apps at a time. By dragging apps from the home screen into each other, you can run four apps at the same time, either in a tabbed view or divided up across the screen. This is definitely a unique approach to multitasking on a mobile platform, and though it could quickly feel cluttered it's certainly a more capable method than the current options.
Check it out in our video below, and feel free to subscribe on YouTube for more:
Are you interested in Fuchsia OS and Armadillo UI? Could its multitasking potentially pull you away from your current platform, or are you content with just one or two apps open at a time?
With a week to go until Election Day, a gusher of Texas oil money is flowing once more into California to support Proposition 23, the ballot measure that would suspend the state's global warming law.
Tesoro and Valero, the Texas oil companies that are largely funding Prop 23, contributed $1.5 million to the campaign on Friday. It was the first seven-figure donation since Sept. 2, when the billionaire Koch brothers dropped $1 million into campaign coffers, according to California Secretary of State records.
But in the intervening months, when contributions from the petrochemical industry dwindled mostly to a few five-figure donations, the No on 23 campaigns revved up its fundraising efforts and now has taken in more than $30 million to the Yes forces' $10.6 million.
Just in the last few days, San Francisco-based utility Pacific Gas & Electric has given another $250,000 to the No campaign while teachers and public employees unions donated a combined $300,000. (Tellingly, even an East Coast power company with coal-fired power plants in its portfolio, AES Corp, donated $25,000 to the No campaign on Friday.)
Also in the last couple of days, $500,000 has been given to No campaign committees targeting low-income and minority voters, which some strategists consider crucial to defeating Prop 23.
California's climate change law, known as AB 32, requires the state to cut greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels by 2020. Prop 23 would suspend AB 32 until the state unemployment rate — currently at 12.4 percent — drops to 5.5 percent for four consecutive quarters. That has happened only three times in the past 40 years.
A new player in the No campaign is the California League of Conservation Voters and its sister organization, the League of Conservation Voters. The groups' campaign committee has raised $4.2 million, including a $200,000 donation from a managing director at Goldman Sachs in New York. The main No on 23 campaigns has transferred $1.9 million to the committee in recent days, according to finance records.
“CLCV and LCV are contacting several hundred thousand California voters who are likely to support environmental values, explaining Prop 23 and asking them to vote no (either through absentee ballot or on Nov. 2), and turning out the vote on election day,” Jenesse Miller, a spokesperson for the California League of Conservation Voters, said in an email. “Our campaign is a combination of phone calls, slate cards and other mail pieces.”
In a sign that the No forces may be feeling increasingly confident — a new Los Angeles Times/USC poll released Monday found Prop 23 losing by a wide margin — the League of Conservation Voters committee has been funneling money to other ballot initiatives important to environmentalists and green technology investors and entrepreneurs.
For instance, the committee has given more than $600,000 to defeat Proposition 26, a ballot measure supported by the oil, tobacco, and alcohol industries that would reclassify environmental impact fees as taxes and require a two-thirds vote of the state legislature to impose them rather than a simple majority.
Green groups and AB 32 supporters fear Prop 26 could cripple efforts to levy fees to implement the global warming law.
Eight teams are set to duke it out in Taipei, vying for a spot at IEM Katowice among the giants of CS:GO. ESL has released the full schedule for the group stage and the playoff round.
First round match ups are as follows:
Group A: CyberZen vs. Risky Gaming Jan. 28 at 9:30 p.m. EST
Group A: MVP.Karnal vs. Chiefs eSports Club Jan. 28 at 11 p.m. EST
Group B: Renegades vs. Eat You Alive Jan 29 at 9:30 p.m. EST
Group B: MongolZ vs. TyLoo Jan 29 at 11 p.m. EST
The entirety of Group A will be played on Day 1 with Group B taking place on Day 2. All group stage matches are best-of-one while the Semifinals and Grand Final are best-of-three.
IEM Taipei is an official Valve Regional Minor Championship, open to any team that did not participate in the last Major. It features a $50,000 prize pool and a berth at IEM Katowice in March.
Annabelle "Abelle" Fischer is a writer for theScore eSports with a love for Dota 2, birds and cheese. You can follow them on Twitter.
The U.S is not fighting a jama'ah as they claim. It is a war against Islam, the latest sequel to their crusade. Muslims must stand united! — أبو سليمان المهاجر (@abusulayperson321) September 14, 2014
Abu Sulayperson al Muhajir, an Australian cleric on the Al Nusrah Front's Sharia Committee, has been tweeting in recent days about US military action against the Islamic State. In one tweet, al Muhajir states: “The US is not fighting a jama'ah (group) as they claim. It is a war against Islam, the latest sequel to their crusade. Muslims must stand united!” In another tweet, al Muhajir says: “May Allah unite all sincere Muslims of Ahl as Sunnah (Sunnis) and protect the Ummah (worldwide Islamic community) and Mujahideen from those whom You know will harm our cause.”
Along with posts similar to those, al Muhajir also heavily posted with the hashtag “#US_vs_Islam.” These posts included: “US Soldier not man enough to face a mujahid, so drones instead vs Mujahid sees the hoor [women of paradise] calling them behind enemy lines,” and “US soldier fights for a wage; Mujahid fights for the weak, for justice, for jannah [heaven],” according to the SITE Intelligence Group.
Another tweet includes the following:
U.S invasion will unite the people who aren't united and anger those who still need a reason to fight. — أبو سليمان المهاجر (@abusulayperson321) September 14, 2014
Al Muhajir has criticized the Islamic State
In a video posted online in March by Al Nusrah, al Muhajir offered their testimony against the Islamic State (called “ISIS” then) in rebuttal to senior ISIS official Abu Muhammad al Adnani's critique of Al Nusrah official Abu Abdallah al Shami. [See LWJ's report, Al Qaeda official in Syria was a extremist preacher in Australia.]
Al Muhajir's testimony focused on key aspects of the infighting.
First, and foremost, they rebutted the claim made by ISIS supporters that Abu Bakr al Baghdadi did not swear a formal bayat (oath of loyalty) to Ayman al Zawahiri. The ISIS had advanced this claim in order to avoid the obvious implication that al Baghdadi is in the wrong for failing to follow orders. And Al Nusrah argued the opposite, that al Baghdadi is insubordinate because they have failed to abide by their pledge of bayat to Zawahiri.
Al Muhajir said that the ISIS “accepted” them as a mediator in the conflict with Al Nusrah. But some within the ISIS began to claim that al Baghdadi's oath was not a “full” bayat and instead a bayat for “love and support” only. Al Muhajir said that they did not know what sort of bayat the Islamic State “was speaking about.”
So they brought the matter up with al Baghdadi. According to al Muhajir's testimony, al Baghdadi responded, “I seek refuge in Allah, I have a true binding bayat to Sheikh Ayman, to hear and obey, in hardship and in ease!”
This, according to the al Muhajir, “affirmed to us what we already know, that [al Baghdadi] is a soldier in the command of al Qaeda and that they listen and obeys like the other [leaders] of other regions.”
Al Muhajir's posts are similar to statements released by AQIM, Boko Haram, and AQAP
On July 1, al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), one of al Qaeda's official branches, posted a statement on jihadist forums praising the Islamic State's military gains in Iraq. AQIM also called for reconciliation between the Islamic State and rival jihadist groups in Syria. The message was first obtained and translated by the SITE Intelligence Group. [See LWJ's report, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb calls for reconciliation between jihadist groups.]
AQIM's message began by praising “the victories of our people the Sunnis in Iraq under the command of their mujahideen sons, and on top of them the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham” (ISIS). Interestingly, AQIM argued that the Islamic State' advances in Iraq have “alleviated our calamity in” Syria and “mended the rift and directed arrows of the mujahideen to the necks of the enemies of the Ummah and the religion: the Crusaders, the [Shiites], and the apostates.”
Without naming any specific groups in Syria, AQIM addressed jihadists there, arguing that they should support the Islamic State's efforts in Iraq. “We call upon our mujahideen brothers in Sham to strongly support the conquests of their brothers in Iraq and protect their backs and provide them with what they need to continue their march and complete their victory, as recommended by our Sheikh and Emir Sheikh Dr. Ayman al Zawahiri, may Allah preserve and protect him, because Iraq is a debt upon the entire Ummah.”
By referring to Zawahiri as “our Sheikh and Emir,” AQIM clearly stated that Zawahiri is the group's overall leader. Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, the head of the Islamic State, famously disobeyed Zawahiri's orders, leading al Qaeda's general command to disown Baghdadi's group in early February. Baghdadi and the Islamic State have been attempting to win the support of al Qaeda's regional branches, including AQIM, since then. However, AQIM's statement did not indicate that AQIM is siding with Baghdadi over Zawahiri.
Two weeks later, AQIM released a statement explicitly rejecting the Islamic State's caliphate declaration. AQIM also reaffirmed its bayat (oath of allegiance) to Zawahiri. [See LWJ's report, AQIM rejects Islamic State's caliphate, reaffirms allegiance to Zawahiri.]
In a video released in July, Boko Haram emir Abubakar Shekau voiced their support for Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, as well as for leaders of al Qaeda and the Taliban. In the video, they said:
To you my dear brethren, Muslims, those who are true believers and not those that practice democracy, not those who believe in constitution, not those who believe in western education. My regards to my leaders like Mullar Umar, the Amirul Muminin in Afghanistan, great minds like Sheikh Al Zawahiri; those like Amir of Yemen, Abu Basir; the likes of Abu Mus'ab Abdul Wudud; and others In Pakistan and Iran, like Al-Baghadad. My greetings go to you all. I thank you all. We give thanks to almighty Allah; here we are in the land called Nigeria; but we don't see it as Nigeria.
On Aug. 12, the al-Malahim Media Foundation, the media wing of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), released a video featuring chief AQAP ideologue and theologian Ibrahim al Rubaish, who commented on a variety of current events.
After their opening statements, Rubaish turned to recent developments in Iraq. They congratulated the mujahideen as well as the entire Muslim community “for the victories achieved by our brothers in Iraq,” without explicitly mentioning the Islamic State by name. Rubaish noted that these military victories are a “grace from Allah” and stressed the importance of giving thanks for such blessings. [See LWJ's report, AQAP ideologue praises jihadi victories in Iraq, comments on Berghdal release.]
In July, Rubaish and another AQAP ideologue released a message denouncing the “slander” of jihadist leaders. Even though Rubaish did not name the Islamic State's supporters, the message was clearly aimed at them. Rubaish's critique coincided with the release of a poem by Nasir al Wuhayshi, who serves as both AQAP's emir and al Qaeda's general manager. Wuhayshi heaped praise on Zawahiri in the poem, calling them the “sheikh father” of the mujahideen. [See LWJ's report, AQAP praises Ayman al Zawahiri, defends jihadist scholars against ‘slander'.]
Al Nusrah's al Muhajir has now joined jihadists in AQIM, Boko Haram, and AQAP in speaking and tweeting in solidarity with the Islamic State. However, expressing solidarity is not the same thing as declaring bayat, or allegiance, to the group.
Caleb Weiss is a contributor to FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
A few years ago [Serge Vakulenko] started the RetroBSD project–a 16-bit port of the old 2.11BSD operating system to the Microchip PIC32 microcontroller. This was impressive, but version 2 of BSD is, to most people, old news and somewhat difficult to use compared to modern BSD and Linux operating systems.
[Serge] has been at it again, however, and now has a port of 4.4BSD–LiteBSD–running on the PIC32MZ. According to [Alexandru Voica] there is about 200K of user space memory in the basic build, and by removing some OS features, you could double or triple that figure.
If you aren't familiar with BSD, it is the Berkeley Unix derivative. Unlike Linux (which was a rewrite of Unix functionality), BSD forked the original Unix source and added features. Version 4 of BSD adds several key features including TCP/IP networking, and LiteBSD includes an IPV4 stack and an Ethernet driver (a WiFi driver is in the works). You can view a talk about the history of BSD from [Kirk McKusick] (one of the prime people behind BSD) below.
We've seen RetroBSD on micros before, but with the 2.11BSD heritage, RetroBSD doesn't have the potential that LiteBSD does. It is interesting, though, that the driver structure is compatible so that both projects can easily share driver source code. Maybe [Jaromir] will upgrade their laptop.
Thanks [Alexandru Voica] for the tip. PIC32 diagram courtesy Microchip.
A ROBOT that automatically categorises waste from construction and demolition projects could enable valuable raw materials to be recycled instead of ending up in landfill.
Industrial robots normally excel at precise tasks in controlled environments, such as assembling cars. More chaotic and hazardous tasks have fallen to humans – for example, sorting through piles of waste in search of precious raw materials that could be recycled. But perhaps not for much longer.
Led by Tuomas J. Lukka, a team of researchers at ZenRobotics in Helsinki, Finland, are hoping robots can take over waste recycling.
The company's Recycler robot uses data from a combination of visual sensors, metal detectors, weight measurements and tactile feedback from a robotic arm to pick out likely pieces of refuse and categorise them.
Advertisement
Through trial and error its machine learning software has been taught to recognise around a dozen types of material, including different plastics. And it can pluck out concrete, metal and wood from a stream of waste as it moves along a conveyor belt.
“I've never heard of anyone actually trying to do this in such an unstructured environment,” says Edwin Olson, a computer scientist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
For more ambiguous types of waste, such as a piece of plywood with nails driven through it, the robot uses a spectrometer to recognise objects based on the unique patterns of light they reflect. This means the robot can distinguish the type of waste based on its colour and drop it into the appropriate bin.
Since the launch of the test phase in February, the robot has learned to correctly identify half of the construction debris it is fed.
That's far from perfect. But in the US, construction waste accounts for 50 per cent of all landfill material, according to the Construction Materials Recycling Association. Recycling just a fraction of that would mean big savings in resources, as well as landfill fees.
Though engineered for construction waste, the robot could one day sort household waste as well, says Lukka.
"Sound energy policy begins with the recognition that we have vast untapped domestic energy reserves right here in America. The Trump Administration will embrace the shale oil and gas revolution to bring jobs and prosperity to millions of Americans. We must take advantage of the estimated $50 trillion in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves, especially those on federal lands that the American people own. We will use the revenues from energy production to rebuild our roads, schools, bridges and public infrastructure. Less expensive energy will be a big boost to American agriculture, as well."
Meaning, you can bet we'll begin mining federal lands for fossil fuels and energy independence. But the plan so far is vague enough that, as presented to the public, just about anything can be done under it. What's more, the closing sections are at odds with what came before it. The post goes on to say that "protecting clean air, clean water, conserving our natural habitats and preserving our natural reserves and resources will remain a high priority." The types of extraction typically used in mining and oil drilling aren't exactly environmentally (or worker) friendly, hence Obama's $28 million investment in training former coal workers for high-tech jobs last October.
Rather than having the Environmental Protection Agency focus on pesky things like climate change, Trump's version of the administration, led by climate change skeptic Scott Pruitt, will "refocus" on protecting our air and water. Protecting them from what, exactly?
In May 2016 Trump said he'd rescind the Climate Action Plan as part of their first 100 days in office, so he's working to keep one of their campaign promises. Already, the White House's website has been scrubbed of any reference to the Climate Action plan. The same goes for anything regarding climate change, or the climate itself. Versions from the Obama administration live on in archived form.
Sophos Security is warning that the Conficker/Downadup worm ("Conficker worm") is targeting multiple domains -- including Southwest airlines -- that could end up causing Denial of Service (DoS) attacks and temporary disruptions.
The Conficker worm has been kicking around since last year and usually spreads via a) removable storage devices such as USB drives and b) network sharing. It exploits a Windows vulnerability that was patched by Microsoft last year.
According to a blog entry by Mike Wood of SophosLabs Canada, those computers infected with the Conficker worm are programmed to contact wnsux.com, which will redirect visitors to the main Southwest.com site on March 13. (Source: sophos.com)
Conficker and Southwest: Why Tango?
The problem with a legitimate site like Southwest.com making it onto Conficker's radar? Wood gives two reasons: without proper investigation, Southwest may end up on a blocklist, and users will be prevented from accessing their services. In addition, millions of infected machines contacting the domain on the 13th may overload the site and shut it down. (Source: cnet.com)
Wood says the worm is targeting about 7,750 domains of which nearly 3,900 are active, but only resolve to 42 unique IP addresses. Of those, only 28 are involved in a covert operation of ISPs and others trying to thwart Conficker/Downadup by pre-registering domains. The vast majority of those 28 domains are currently up for sale.
Key Sites Targeted By Conficker/Downadup
Key sites listed by Wood whose visitors may see a disruption in service include:
jogli.com -- Big Web Great Music -- March 8
wnsux.com -- Southwest Airlines -- March 13
qhflh.com -- Women's Net in Qinghai Province -- March 18
praat.org -- Doing phonetics by computer -- March 31
Other less frequented sites of interest that appeared on the list include 'The Tennesse Dogue De Bordeaux' dog breeders site (tnddb.com -- March 14) and the 'Double Super Secret Message Board' site (dssmb.com -- March 11). (Source: sophos.com)
Wood contacted the owners of the domains to draw their attention to the problem, and thankfully Southwest Airlines has already taken action to prevent the attacks. Solutions for network administrators to combat the problem were offered in the post by Wood from SophosLabs Canada.
If you haven't done so already, make sure you apply the patch from Microsoft to prevent your computer from being exploited. See "Cleaning Systems of Conficker" at the bottom of the page.
Visit Bill's Links and More for more great tips, just like this one!
Provinces, SANA – In the framework of regaining all the police stations on the Syrian-Jordanian borders, a military source said on Wednesday that army units established control over five police stations in the south-eastern countryside of Damascus Countryside after killing army of the terrorists and injuring others.
The source told SANA that army units carried out operations on terrorists' positions where they established control over the border police stations ranging from number 165 to 169 in the southeastern part of Damascus Countryside.
The source added that many of the terrorists were killed and others got injured and a number of cannons were seized.
The army units started immediately to comb the area and defuse the mines and explosives planted by the terrorists.
26 vehicles, ammunition depots for ISIS destroyed in countryside of Raqqa, Hama and Deir Ezzor
The Syrian Arab Army units continued their operations against the gatherings of terrorist organizations in the countryside of Raqqa, Hama and Deir Ezzor, destroying 26 vehicles including armored vehicles.
The military source said in a statement to SANA that units of the army carried out operations against the gatherings, headquarters and infiltration points of ISIS terrorist groups in southern Raqqa, western Deir Ezzor and eastern Hama.
The source added that the operations resulted in the elimination of dozens of terrorists and the destruction of 22 vehicles, ammunition depots, 3 tanks and armored vehicles.
During the past few hours, the Syrian and Russian warplanes launched sorties on terrorist groups in Akash, Um Mill, Abu Jubailat, Uqeirbat and al-Qastal al-Shamali, al-Qastal al-Janoubi and al-Wistani in the eastern countryside of Hama and in Maadan and in the southeastern countryside of Raqqa province and in Junaid Point, the surroundings of the airport and Tallet al-Qarea in the surroundings of Deir Ezzor city, leaving numbers of terrorists dead and vehicles destroyed.
10 times in history when polyamory was surprisingly embraced Monogamy has been the norm for centuries, but that wasn't always the case. Just ask the ancient Mesopotamians
As we've written before, the Western world is in love with monogamy—in concept, if not in practice. Throughout history, much of society has been predicated upon the idea of lifelong sexual fidelity between one man and one woman. On paper anyway. We enforce monogamy in social ways (don't even try to bring your second wife to the office Christmas party!) and legal ways (paternity laws, property laws, inheritance laws, etc.), but the reality is far more complicated. While monogamy tends to hog the spotlight as the relationship model of choice, non-monogamy has been around (and in some cases thriving) for a very long time, and continues to be practiced today.
Advertisement:
Here is just a small sliver of accepted forms of poly relationships, both past and present.
1. Ancient Mesopotamia and Assyria
In Mesopotamia and Assyria, monogamy (particularly arranged marriage) was considered the norm socially, but polygyny (when a man takes multiple wives) was frequently practiced by rulers and layfolk (no pun intended) alike. Philip II of Macedon had eight wives. Persian King Darius III also had several wives and kept a stock of 360 royal concubines “for their own personal use.” Plus, the Code of Hammurabi has rules on polygyny, noting that a man can take a second wife if they can't bear them children. However! They cannot take another wife if their first wife offers them a concubine slave instead. Take that, hubby! And though some scholars dispute it, the historian Herodotus reported that every woman, at least once in their lifetime, had to go to the temple of Ishtar and have sex with whatever stranger happened to walk by and ask. This custom was thought to “ensure the fertility and continued prosperity of the community.” But it wasn't all concubines and creepy-prostitution parties. In ancient Mesopotamia, “homosexual love could be enjoyed” without stigma or fear, and there are even texts that talk about pegging, or as historians call it, men “preferring to take the female role” in sex.
2. Ancient and Present-Day Egypt
Ancient Egyptian men were free to marry as many women as they wanted (i.e. as many as they could afford because indentured sexual servants don't come cheap, amirite?). And many African countries today, particularly (but not limited to) those of a predominantly Muslim faith, still practice a form of polygyny. And in Muslim Malaysia, Rawang has a Polygamy Club that purports to have 300 husbands and 700 wives.
3. Ancient Greeks
Advertisement:
Much ink (and other things) has been spilled documenting the ribaldry and lust of ancient Greece, aka the birthplace of democracy and orgies. From pederasty (sexual activity involving men and boys) to fellatio urns, the Greeks were not shy about their sexytimes. Like many Western societies, the ancient Greeks and Romans were monogamous on paper (men could not marry more than one woman, for instance, nor could they live with their concubines), but not so much in practice, particularly if you were a man. "The Greeks were anything but prudes," Nicholaos Stampolidis, director of the Museum of Cycladic Art, told the Guardian. "Theirs was a society of great tolerance and lack of guilt." The Greeks were particularly tolerant of bisexuality among men, at least in certain situations (bathhouses, school, war). The philosopher Aristophanes wasn't wild about this, however, so they coined the term euryprôktoi, meaning "wide asses," which referred to the homosexual relationships between older and younger soldiers ("to increase loyalty during war time," Greece's PR person tells us). It sounds like Aristophanes could've benefitted from some ass-widening himself.
4. Non-monogamy in the Bible
Modern-day Christianity often advocates for “traditional marriage,” but the Good Book is full of instances where monogamy was definitely not de rigeur (multiple wives was big, and also prostitution, concubines, etc., not to mention a lot of other kinky stuff). The first reference to polygamy is in Genesis: “Lamech married two women.” In the Old Testament, several prominent characters were polygamists. To name a few: Abraham, Jacob, David, and Solomon. In 2 Samuel 12:8, God told David that if they aren't satisfied with their many wives and concubines, they could always have more. And Solomon had 700 wives and 300 concubines, according to 1 Kings 11:3. Like we always say, traditional marriage is between one man and 1,000 women.
5. Hinduism
Advertisement:
Though it's outlawed today, theRig Veda (as well as epics like the Mahabharata) mention that during the Vedic period, a man could have more than one wife, depending on one's caste. If one was Brahmin (the highest ranking caste), one could have four wives. It goes down a wife for each subsequent caste system, with the Shudra caste only getting one extra wife.
6. Islam
In the Quran, polygyny is allowed, but only if the husband treats all their wives equally, and limits themselves to four, as verse 4:3 notes: “If ye fear that ye shall not be able to deal justly with the orphans, Marry women of your choice, Two or three or four; but if ye fear that ye shall not be able to deal justly (with them), then only one, or (a captive) that your right hands possess, that will be more suitable, to prevent you from doing injustice.”
Advertisement:
7. Polygamy today in the US
Bigamy and polygamy are illegal in the US, was outlawed by the Supreme Court in the 19th century. But before that, early Mormon settlers led by Joseph Smith, and then Brigham Young, practiced “plural marriages” in Utah and surrounding areas (Arizona, Nevada, Colorado). After President Woodrow Wilson put the kabosh on polygamy, some Mormons continued to do it anyway, and not just because they had reality TV shows. The Salt Lake Tribune conducted a survey and estimated that there may be as many as 37,000 Mormon fundamentalists in the Southwest, with less than half of them living in polygamous households.
8. Polyandry in Nepal
Advertisement:
But enough about polygyny! Let's talk polyandry (one wife, many husbands). The practice of fraternal polyandry, a woman taking several brothers as husbands, was once very common in Nepal, where “the rough landscape often requires more than one set of extra hands to cultivate.” Who couldn't use an extra set of hands when tilling your wife's fields? The practice is falling out of fashion today, due to religious influence, and job opportunities not dependent on farming, but local farmers attest that “monogamous marriages are financially more difficult.”
9. “Walking marriages” in China
In the Yunnan province of China, the Mosuo ethnic group has what's calledzou hun (walking marriage), which is basically the freedom to have sex with whomever you want. The Mosuo don't have marriage the way Western countries do—couples don't live together; women usually stay with their families; and men “share responsibility for any children born to women in their own family.” And, if a man is sexually interested in a woman, they ask if they can visit her, usually after dark. Sex is based on mutual affection and is not stigmatized.
10. Polyamory
Advertisement:
Polyamory, or consensual non-monogamy as it's sometimes called, has been growing and gaining acceptance as a viable relationship model in the last few decades, with countless books and scholarly papers written on the topic, as well as scientific research, and perhaps unsurprisingly, reality TV shows. Polyamory exists all over, not just in liberal urban meccas. A 2009 Newsweekarticle estimated that “in the United States, over half a million families [are] openly living in relationships that are between multiple consenting partners."
EVERETT, Washington — The Boeing 747-8 Intercontinental is huge. It is the largest passenger plane the company has ever built, but that doesn't give a sense of its awe-inspiring size. The 747-8 Intercontinentals took to the air for the first time Sunday. Anytime something that big makes its maiden flight, it draws a crowd. Reporters from around the world gathered at Paine Field north of Seattle. As the jumbo jet taxied by, its wings — with a span of 224 feet, 7 inches — just cleared the crowd. Boeing chief 747 pilot Mark Feuerstein and co-pilot Paul Stemer kept Boeing's biggest bird aloft for four hours and 25 minutes. They made a few unusual maneuvers while they were up there, including flying sideways and inducing stall warnings. It wasn't your typical first flight test. But then, the Intercontinental isn't your typical airplane. The fourth-generation 747 has a maximum seating capacity of 605, but most airlines will more likely use a seating capacity in the 450 seat range. Above: The 747-8 Intercontinental in all its glory at Paine Field. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
After the 747-8 Intercontinental lined up on the runway at Paine Field in Everett, not far from the factory where it is built, a pair of Lockheed designed T-33 chase planes took position overhead. After completing a tight circle, the chase planes lined up with the runway and followed the giant airplane as it took off for the first time. The plane took to the air shortly before 10 a.m., one minute ahead of schedule. The 747-8 Intercontinental is the latest iteration of an iconic aircraft that first flew in 1969. It is every bit as big as it appears in photos. It's a hair over 250 feet long, making it 18 feet longer than the 747-400. It stands 63.5 feet tall and has a maximum takeoff weight of 975,000 pounds. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
The chase planes followed the Intercontinental as it turned west toward the Pacific Ocean. In addition to the side slips and approach to stall maneuvers and other test points, Feuerstein says they and Stemer turned off a few computer aids to see how the airplane flies on its own. "We also turned off some of the stability augmentation of the airplane to see what the bare airframe behaved like," they said. And? "It was absolutely nominal," they said. That's pilot-speak for, "There were no problems." Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
The flight-test team took advantage of the good weather to do some sightseeing. They made a slight detour to check out Mount Baker, a 10,778-foot volcano on the border with Canada. The mountain gave them an alternative to Mount Rainier, the photo-op backdrop to last years' inaugural flight of the 747-8 freighter. Photo: Boeing
The 747-8 was the star of the show Sunday, but Boeing is also hard at work on the 787 Dreamliner. It spent some time in the air on Sunday, too. Here you can see the plane's characteristic wing flex as airplane ZA001, the first 787 Dreamliner to fly, touches down on runway 31R. The Dreamliner has a wingspan of 197 feet. In one of the 787's more spectacular tests, called the "ultimate-load wing-up bending test," Boeing subjected the Dreamliner's wings to 150 percent of the most extreme forces they're ever expected to experience. That meant bending them upward approximately 25 feet. They didn't snap. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
This shot provides a nice view of the 787 Dreamliner's efficient wing. The Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 is one of two engines offered on the aircraft, which Boeing says burns 20 percent less fuel than any other aircraft its size. The serrated engine cowling reduces noise and is a big reason the Dreamliner is noticeably quieter than other airliners as it flies overhead. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Minutes after Dreamliner ZA001 touched down, fellow 787 test bed ZA005 landed. Boeing is using it to test the General Electric GEnx engines. A version of the GEnx is also used on the 747-8. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Boeing uses former military jet trainers as chase aircraft during flight testing. The pilot and passenger provide extra eyes to watch the plane during testing and troubleshoot any problems. They also take photographs like that shot of the 747-8 Intercontinental over Mount Baker. The T-33 was designed by Lockheed Aircraft and made its first flight March 22, 1948 (63 years ago today), although this 1954 model was built under license by Canadair. The subsonic jet was the first jet trainer used by the U.S. Air Force and is a derivative of the P-80, the first operation fighter jet. Boeing uses two T-33s for chase work. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Boeing operates a 1961 Northrop T-38. Thousands of USAF pilots have received advanced training in this twin engine, supersonic jet over the years and the plane is still in use. NASA also uses them as chase planes for the space shuttle orbiter as well as for astronaut training. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
The 747-8 touched down at Boeing Field in Seattle after 4 hours and 25 minutes aloft. It flew to 19,000 feet and 250 knots, or about 288 mph, during a flight that took it over eastern Washington. Feuerstein called it "a great privilege" and "an honor" to fly the airplane. With all of its drag devices deployed, the 747-8 Intercontinental still uses a fair amount of the 10,000 foot runway at Boeing Field. "This a great day for the 747-8 team and for all of Boeing," Elizabeth Lund, vice president and general manager of the 747-8 program, said in a statement. "What an honor it is to see such a beautiful airplane fly." Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Boeing flight test crews kept busy Sunday, and the day was far from over after the 747-8 Intercontinental landed. After the press conference for the Intercontinental came to an end, the 747-8 freighter landed. The Intercontinental and freighter will complete well over 2,000 hours in the air by the time FAA certification wraps up later this year. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Once Boeing finishes its own flight testing, much of the same work must be done again for FAA certification. On those flights, an FAA pilot usually joins the flight crew and often takes the controls, Stemer said. That's not to say the FAA is in charge. "Most of the time as a courtesy we have the FAA sitting in the left seat as a pilot," Stemer said. "But the Boeing pilot is in ultimate command of the aircraft." Above: Boeing workers tow the 747-8 Intercontinental to its parking spot on the west side of Boeing Field. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
Even test pilots must adhere to some of the same rules we do. Paper signs taped to the inside of the door of the Intercontinental read: "Electronic devices not approved by Boeing flight test are prohibited while in flight. Use of cell phones and pagers is prohibited in flight. They must be turned off while in flight. No Smoking." And just in case anyone was able to sneak aboard, the FAA requires notifying all aboard that the 747-8 Intercontinental is an experimental aircraft until certification is complete. Another sign warns: "Passenger Notice: This aircraft does not comply with federal safety regulations for standard aircraft." Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
That's Joe Sutter, the father of the 747, posing (in the middle) with others next to the nose gear of the Intercontinental. Their initials grace the nose gear doors. Photo: Jason Paur / Wired.com
HI TO ALL MY FRIENDS! I'm going to try something new. I'm calling it FALLACY FRIDAY. Every Friday for the next few weeks, I'm going to pick one logical fallacy and try to explain it. A logical fallacy is an error in reasoning that makes a particular line of an argument invalid. To start off, let's talk about a fallacy called the Slippery Slope Logic Fallacy (SSLP). We have all heard it. If we allow some small event (A) then it's a slippery slope to some horrible future dystopia (D). To break it down a little more what the person doing all the talking is actually arguing is that, if we allow event A to occur, it will lead to B, which will lead to C which will lead to dystopia D. For a Slippery Slope argument to actually be valid, the person making the argument must prove that A will INEVITABLY lead to B, which will INEVITABLY lead to B and so on. You see I capitalized "INEVITABLE" it doesn't mean I'm yelling. It just means that part is important. If they can't prove t…
Australia will dive further ‘Down Under' into debt, as lawmakers reached a deal to do away with a limit. The government can now borrow as much as it wants, and will avoid a shutdown when it reaches the AU$300 billion debt limits on December 12.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey won over the Greens who had previously supported the Labor Party cap of AU$400 billion (about $373 billion). Earlier, the upper house blocked a motion to raise the debt ceiling to AU$500 billion.
The government must justify any increase in debt up to AU$50 billion Greens leader Christina Milne told reporters in Canberra.
“This, I think, will return some maturity to the debate around debt and get rid of what has become a phony debate every time the government has wanted to raise the debt ceiling,” Milne said Wednesday.
In return, Hockey promised the Greens that the budget will include comprehensive debt figures on how much the government is spending on climate change.
If lawmakers didn't strike a deal by December 12, Australia's $1.5 trillion economy would have gone 'down under' with its government forced into a shutdown.
Government programs will continue to run on borrowed money, a strategy National Australia Bank chief executive Cameron Clyne supports to spur growth. Australia has been hit hard by a waning interest in mining investment, but has still held onto its AAA credit rating, ideal circumstances for the government to issue more bonds.
The ceiling was first introduced in 2008 under Kevin Rudd's Labor government, but has been widely criticized as debt nearly doubled between 2008 and 2012 from 15 percent to 29.3 percent, relative to GDP.
In the first nine months of 2013, Australia's economy expanded slower than forecast, growing only 0.6 percent from the first six months. Growth in 2012 was 2.3 percent, below the anticipated 2.5 percent benchmark set out by economists.
The forecast is gloomy- unemployment isn't expected to drop until 2015, a budget deficit over $30 billion is expected for the 2013 fiscal year, and free trade talks with neighbors are breaking down over spy revelations.
After winning office on September 7, Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced they wanted to expand Australia's duty-free trade relationship with China, Japan, India, Indonesia, and 8 other countries by singing the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
‘A political weapon'
Christina Milne called the debt ceiling "little more than a political weapon" which doesn't actually limit government spending.
The US established its debt ceiling before World War II to protect from out-of-control spending, and more carefully evaluate spending programs, but lawmakers continue to raise spending powers by taking out more debt.
Well-known for the role it plays in US politics, the debt-ceiling debate forced America to shut down in October, and could again in December. The outstanding debt of the world's largest economy is currently $17 trillion, and is spread through domestic and foreign debt.
A uniquely American chaos, the debt ceiling, a statutory limit, tries to manage spending Congress has already approved, so when congress failed to appropriate funds, the government is forced to shut down.
Most countries don't use a debt-ceiling to control borrowing; instead lawmakers pass a budget they know the president will sign.
The US Treasury overseas bond-buying, or borrowing, but in most countries the authority lies solely with this institution, and doesn't need congressional approval to borrow more. That is why most countries operate without a debt ceiling- Sweden, UK, Canada, Germany, France, and Japan, for example.
European Union members peg their debt limit to a percentage of GDP, instead of a fixed amount of money, like the US and Australia. Countries strive to keep debt less than 60 percent of GDP, but most of Europe is failing right now.
In the first half of 2013, government debt-to-GDP increased to 86.8 percent across the 28-member zone, according to Eurostat data. Countries like Greece (169.1 percent) Italy (133.3 percent) and Portugal (131.2 percent) have all overstepped their debt boundaries.
City Council members considering changes to development rules heard emotional testimony from homeowners upset about how their neighborhoods are changing.
Seattle is in danger of becoming the Soviet Warsaw or East Berlin of the Pacific Northwest, said angry homeowners who showed up at City Hall last week to holler about minor changes to the rules for new homes in low-rise zones.
The proposed changes in a measure under consideration by the City Council this summer are fairly arcane: They involve breezeways, clerestories, partially buried floors and rounding thresholds for density calculations.
But more than one person who slammed the legislation, claiming it wouldn't do enough to halt out-of-character development, said the council will determine whether Seattle remains a garden city or acquires a bland, Stalinist cityscape.
“Stop this city from looking like an Eastern Bloc city,” said Imogen Love, of Ballard.
After more than an hour of testimony from dozens of people on the changes during Tuesday's land-use committee public hearing, even Councilmember Tom Rasmussen succumbed to hyperbole.
“The goal again is to ensure that, as we grow, we don't look like an Eastern Bloc city,” Rasmussen said, vowing to fight for restrictions on development. “I've been to Poland. I know what they look like. They're bleak. They're dead, until it changed.”
Not every argument was so extreme, but most people who testified for tighter regulations last Tuesday described the development issue in personal terms.
Roger Valdez, a lobbyist with Smart Growth Seattle who argues for more development, warned Rasmussen and the council to set aside “the raw emotion you're going to hear today.” But Ballard homeowner Pennie Clark turned their rhetoric around.
“Of course this is emotional,” said Clark, who purchased their Craftsman-style house about 25 years ago. “This is where I live. This is my community. This is my neighborhood.”
The bill, which could head to the full council as early as June 16, would adjust zoning changes enacted in 2010. Since then, many residents have complained about developers taking advantage of loopholes to construct buildings with more height, more bulk and more units than planners thought the 2010 changes would allow.
In 2013, then-Councilmember Sally Clark asked the Department of Planning and Development (DPD) to review the rules, and in May 2014 the DPD released a plan.
Regulation advocates who testified Tuesday said they were happy with the DPD plan, which withstood a subsequent legal challenge from Smart Growth Seattle.
Later in the process, Councilmember Mike O'Brien, who chairs the council's land-use committee, sat down with members of Mayor Ed Murray's Housing Affordability Livability Committee, including architects. The result is a modified bill, which Murray supports.
The bill does some important things that proponents of tighter regulations have asked for. It would require upper-level setbacks where new buildings in low-rise zones meet the street, a change designed to make the buildings look and feel not quite so tall.
The bill also would reduce the number of town houses allowed on small lots of less than 3,000 square feet, and it would stop developers from using clerestories — oversized skylights — to build penthouses not otherwise permitted.
In low-rise zones, usually found between commercial and single-family areas, apartment buildings, town houses, row houses and single-family homes are allowed.
From September 2011 to September 2013, 35 percent of building-permit applications in low-rise zones involved town-house construction, according to the DPD.
There are some things the bill wouldn't do. Principally, it wouldn't scrap a workaround allowing developers to build higher on projects with partially buried lower floors. It also wouldn't establish side setbacks for row houses not adjacent to other row houses.
“I regularly see affordable housing torn down … and replaced with expensive town houses,” said Carl Winter, of Capitol Hill. “This rewrite hastens that process because it gives developers more financial incentives to tear down existing houses.”
Eliminating the bonus for partially buried floors, according to O'Brien, would reduce the number of units that developers could build and would discourage them from constructing main floors raised slightly above the street, outcomes that they want to avoid.
“The legislation that we have before us … is a good attempt to address some of the loopholes that have led to some of the frustration,” they said. “But we're not going to stop development. These areas were zoned for development decades ago.”
The homeowner crowd that packed City Hall has a champion there in Rasmussen, who earlier this year dropped their bid for re-election. They promised Tuesday to advance the cause of neighborhood preservation, one way or another.
“Your voices and your recommendations will be reflected in legislation,” Rasmussen said, drawing applause. “If they're not reflected in legislation that is now being proposed, I will amend the legislation, because I think your concerns are valid.”
Councilmembers Kshama Sawant and Nick Licata, who dropped in on the committee for the hearing, also expressed support, which suggests O'Brien may have trouble keeping the bill in its current form as it makes its way through the council.
OTTAWA - It would be inappropriate for a person intent on assisted suicide to request the Sacrament of Anointing of the Sick, said Ottawa Archbishop Terrence Prendergast.
“Asking your priest to be present to something that is in direct contradiction to our Catholic values is not fair to the pastor,” Prendergast said. “Of course a pastor will try and dissuade a patient from requesting suicide and will pray with them and their family, but asking them to be present is in effect asking them to condone a serious sin.”
A person who requests a lethal injection “lacks the proper disposition for the anointing of the sick,” they said.
“Asking to be killed is gravely disordered and is a rejection of the hope that the rite calls for and tries to bring into the situation.”
Prendergast said a priest should go when their presence is requested to pray for the person or to try to dissuade them from assisted suicide. But withholding the sacrament can be a pastoral way to help a patient realize the gravity of their decision.
“The rite is for people who are gravely ill or labour under the burden of years and it contains the forgiveness of sins as part of the rite, in either form,” they said. “But we cannot be forgiven pre-emptively for something we are going to do — like ask for assisted suicide when suicide is a grave sin.”
The Alberta bishops issued a statement Feb. 11, on the World Day of the Sick, that said participating in assisted-suicide is “morally wrong” and “no Catholic may advocate for, or participate in any way, whether by act or omission, in the intentional killing of another human being either by assisted suicide or euthanasia.”
The advent of legalized assisted-suicide means priests and hospital chaplains will inevitably face moral challenges.
“When someone asks for the presence of a priest, whatever the situation, you always say yes,” said Montreal Archbishop Christian Lépine.
Without speaking specifically about administering the sacraments, the archbishop said suicide is “a grave evil” and the focus “has to be to promote the sacred character of life from conception to natural death.”
They compared attending to a person intent on assisted suicide to seeing someone ready to jump to their death from a bridge and rushing to talk them out of it. “It's the same thing with the terminally ill,” they said.
Hospital chaplains already face similar moral quandaries when dealing with abortion.
Catholic priests can only pray the person will “turn away from it,” Prendergast said.
Trevor Ariza's wedding was extremely lit, featuring a performance by Travis Scott and a dancing pair of NBA superstars in Chris Paul and James Harden. The new Houston Rockets teammates seem to be settling in just fine together.
Trevor Ariza got Travis Scott to perform at their wedding, and Chris Paul and James Harden LOVED it!
( : @CP3 & @JHarden13 | Snapchat & IG) pic.twitter.com/nLM85AohOy — SB Nation (@SBNation) July 30, 2017
It looks like anyone at the Ariza's wedding basically had a personal Travis Scott show! Here they are playing “Goosebumps.”
Travis Scott performing Goosebumps at Trevor Ariza's wedding last night. pic.twitter.com/VKyLhRVyKs — TRAVIS SCOTT FANPAGE (@YamzInTheTrap) July 30, 2017
Other NBA players were in attendance too, including Josh Smith and Matt Barnes. Smith recorded an Instagram Live that Harden didn't want to be a part of.
July 29 was a HUGE NBA wedding day too, as not only Ariza tied the knot, but Harrison Barnes did too. That wedding flashed its own highlights, including when Steph Curry made fun of LeBron James' workout videos and Kyrie Irving LAUGHED.
That probably didn't make Cavaliers fans feel any better after hearing Irving requested a trade a few weeks ago.
Cheers, NBA weddings. Thank you for staying petty and extra, and for carrying us through this NBA-less summer.
Germans head beaten to a pulp, then strangled by two refugees they were trying to helpOne of the 19-year-olds was arrested while wearing thevictim's clothes and told police: "I don't see why I should not, Iwashed them before I put them on"The refugees are saidto have tied the 30-year-old German up using cable ties before repeatedlybeating them in an attempt to force them to hand over their bank card PINcodePolice Colonel Karl-Heinz Pracher from the State CriminalPolice Office said the whole apartment of the victim had been ransackedby the two refugees. They said: "It was a huge mess, they had thrown everything on the floor."Theduo took clothes, shoes, a razor, a hair dryer and two phones with themin a bin bag. One of the refugees had distinctive curly hair accordingto witnesses who spotted the perpetrators and later described theirappearance to police. After they were identified police confirmedthat they had already been granted refugee status and had been living inAustria since 2014.
Developers of a new parking app created in Southern California say it will help drivers decipher street parking restrictions, avoid citations and even fight tickets in court.
The geeks behind Polis Assist, expected to launch this month, have been amassing detailed data about block-by-bock parking restrictions so that drivers can know in real time whether a spot is going to cost you $73 because you pulled in at the wrong hour. It will point you to free parking and tell you where the best deals on paid spots are, its developers say.
While other apps have made similar promises in the past, they were often crowd-sourced and couldn't necessarily guarantee the times and places for street parking were accurate, according to Dennis Baker, founder of the Polis Technologies, Inc. Baker says parking rules for curbs in 85 percent of core Los Angeles communities have been entered into Polis Assist's database. Human eyes considered countless hard-to-decipher parking signs.
Opposition leaders in Ukraine have rejected an offer from President Viktor Yanukovych that could have ended the popular uprising that has spread across the country. The decision raises questions about the future of Ukraine and fears that Mr. Yanukovych will now use force to stop the protests.
Mr. Yanukovych offered Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Vitali Klitschko the posts of prime minister and deputy prime minister. They both turned down the proposal and remained adamant that Mr. Yanukovych must resign and that the government has to repeal laws that outlaw public demonstrations.
"We're not compromising our position," Mr. Klitschko, a former boxer who leads Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party, told a packed crowd in Independence Square in Kiev Saturday night. "We are not going to accept this recent offer. We are going to continue negotiations…We will prevail."
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Yatsenyuk, who heads the largest opposition group called the Fatherland Party, told the crowd that their uprising had forced the president's hand. Ukrainian's, they added, "have expressed their will to live freely, to love freely and laugh freely in their own free country. This is our victory, our accomplishment."
They said the opposition will push to get Ukraine into the European Union, something Mr. Yanukovych has walked away from, and it will repeal the constitution to abolish the position of president.
Another leader, Oleh Tiahnybok, urged the crowd to keep up the protests, saying similar demonstrations in other cities are having an effect. "This is the second front. This is the concrete action," they said.
It's not clear how Mr. Yanukovych will respond but protest organizers said more police have been gathering near the square.
Hundreds of protesters have been locked in an uneasy standoff with police for two days. Throughout Friday night and Saturday protesters threw Molotov cocktails, fireworks and rocks at long lines of police officers who were dressed in riot gear and standing only a few metres away. Stacks of tires have also been burning all day along the barricades, causing a smoky haze around much of the city's downtown. Similar protests have now erupted in 11 other cities, with thousands of people taking over the government offices and joining the call for Mr. Yanukovych to resign.
Governors have been particularly targeted because they are appointed by Mr. Yanukovych. In Lviv the locally-elected assembly, which is controlled by opposition parties, met on Saturday to pick a successor to the governor, whom they forced to resign on Friday. The governor has since said they were removed illegally.
Mr. Yanukovych's office said talks began late Saturday with the three main opposition leaders. This is the second time in recent days they have failed to reach a deal. All sides met for five hours on Thursday and reached what they thought was an agreement, calling for the protesters in Kiev to scale back their demonstrations and the police to release those arrested. But the protesters rejected the deal, expanded their barricades and took their cause to other cities.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Earlier on Saturday the government appeared less hopeful of a peaceful solution. "The events in Ukraine's capital during recent days show that our attempts to resolve the conflict in a peaceful way are useless," Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko said in a statement. "Our calls haven't been heard. Truce has been broken."
Mr. Zakharchenko also accused the protesters of kidnapping three police officers and hiding guns in Independence Square, where the demonstrators have been based for more than two months. The protesters have denied the claims.
European Union Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fuele also discussed the growing violence with Mr. Yanukovych and opposition leaders on Saturday. "I have discussed a series of steps to this end, that could lead to confidence-building and to a political process aimed at ending this crisis," Mr. Fuele said in a statement. The demonstrations began last November after Mr. Yanakovych walked away from a cooperation deal with the EU, striking a deal with Russia instead.
Earlier on Saturday one of the opposition parties, Svoboda, said that another protester had died from injuries sustained by police. The party said the victim was a 45-year old man who had been injured Wednesday. Government officials have not confirmed the death. So far as many as five protesters have died in recent days and more than 100 have been arrested.
As the negotiations between Mr. Yanakovych and the opposition politicians wore on, the streets around Independence Square filled with thousands of people, many feeling a new sense of purpose. "We will win," said one man standing near the front barricade, wearing hardhat and facemask. They said police had fired some tear gas into the crowd with little effect.
Further away in the square a group of women marched holding signs that read "Mama". "They want to stop the soliders and to persuade them not to be the meat of the establishment," said an organizer of the march. Many of the women carried other signs that said; "Everybody has a mother".
It's easy to mindlessly chow down on the addictive savory snack that is a bag of Cheetos. But hold up: you might want to be paying closer attention to each individual Cheeto you consume. Because if that Cheeto is in an unusual shape, it just might be worth photographing, submitting to the Cheetos Museum for inspection, and — potentially — saving for display in the real-life exhibit of odd-shaped cheesy puffs.
Both Flamin' Hot and traditional Cheesy Cheetos are eligible for the competition, organized by the snack company. Anyone can submit their discovery to the official Cheetos Museum website, where the images are proudly saved and displayed in all their amateur glory, but only one submission per week takes home a $5,000 prize.
The competition, which started at the end of May and runs through August 6, will then put the weekly winners head-to-head for the ultimate prize of $50,000. That's not bad for a bag of puffs that runs a couple bucks. (Interested consumers can also submit photos on Twitter or Instagram, although those payouts are less lucrative.)
From a Cheeto in the shape of a neon, monochrome pineapple to orange snacks that bear an uncanny resemblance to dinosaurs, people are finding all kinds of unexpected object comparisons in their food. Many of the best are already on display in New York City, at the Ripley's Believe It or Not! in Times Square. This year's winner will join that glorified exhibition in the future, too.
Write to Raisa Bruner at raisa.bruner@time.com.
When on December 16, 2013, a federal judge in Washington, DC, described the National Security Agency (NSA) mass surveillance programme as "likely unconstitutional", journalist Glenn Greenwald called the ruling "pure vindication" for Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor who blew the whistle on activities that they considered un-American back in June 2013. The ruling was a measure of the impact of a debate that, in a matter of months, has led many to question how far governments should be allowed to infringe upon the privacy of individuals in the name of keeping us safe.
For this special edition of Listening Post we look at how the media has been at the centre of the Snowden story from the beginning. Initially, many in the mainstream media focused more on the character of the messenger than the material they brought to light. Later, certain sectors of the press and political life, especially in the UK, began accusing the journalists involved in the reporting of the leaks, of putting national security at risk.
But these reactions did not prevent a drip feed of stories around the world, orchestrated largely by Glenn Greenwald and the Guardian, but also through the Washington Post and international outlets such as Le Monde and Der Spiegel. Our starting point is Greenwald's home in Rio de Janeiro, launchpad for the story that has struck deep into the heart of the surveillance state.
Talking us through this story are three journalists who know the story better than most: James Bamford, author of The Shadow Factory, who has been described by the New Yorker as "the NSA's chief chronicler"; William Arkin, who has been tracking the expansion of the security state in their Top Secret America project; and Holger Stark, a senior correspondent for Der Spiegel, who has collaborated with Greenwald on stories with international implications. Media lawyer, Lynn Oberlander and Amie Stepanovich from the Electronic Privacy Information Center give us further insight.
The second half of the programme is dedicated to an interview with one of the leading defenders of government surveillance, former NSA general counsel, Stewart Baker. To him, Glenn Greenwald is an "ideologue" who is using Snowden's leaks to cause "maximum possible damage to the US".
Where the Snowden story takes us from now is anyone's guess. What is certain is that the biggest media story of 2013 is showing no sign of letting up in 2014. Stay tuned.
Listening Post can be seen each week at the following times GMT: Saturday: 0830, 1930; Sunday: 1430; Monday: 0430.
Click here for more Listening Post
Source: Al Jazeera
When my grandmother bought a copy of Demon Days from Best Buy, they turned their quizzical eye to my palm and made me reassure them that it wasn't devilish music. After seeing the “DARE” video on MTV2, I couldn't guarantee it with a straight face, but there was no Parental Advisory sticker and I didn't have the $15 on me otherwise. I'd never heard such a beautiful collage before that moment, and I've aimed to conjure the beauty of that record in my own work ever since. Gorillaz know how to strike any and every chord in one's heart: the depravity we ignore, the truth we seek, and the consequences of our actions. Not to mention, they've given us some of the oddest (and best) rap verses to date, introducing a generation of kids to underground rappers and forgotten legends. In celebration of VMP's release of the Demon Days - an album very near and dear to my heart - I've decided to power-rank every guest verse across the Gorillaz' studio albums so you don't have to.
11. “Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach” (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Big Snoop Dogg graced the intro of Plastic Beach on a bed of psychedelic G-funk that ended up much more form than function. While Uncle Snoop's slick talk makes damn near anything sound good, their appearance in the Gorillaz universe is one of the rare times where they can come off corny to their detriment. They stick to the grander themes of oceans and pollution metaphors - and it's an intro, we can't expect them to run off with the whole concept - but their images of smoking weed with pilgrims and a bubble bath just don't work that well. But they still work so damn well that forgiveness is inevitable, even if he's first on the beach and last on this list.
10. “White Flag” (feat. Bashy & Kano)
In the context of Plastic Beach, Bashy and Kano trade bars about discovering an island utopia to refresh and reframe their lifestyles, leaving the old world behind. It's a testament to the sonic and stylistic collaging found across the Gorillaz catalog: two popular grime artists trading bars about paradise while being backed by The Syrian National Orchestra for Arabic Music. The two sync perfectly in articulating the uncertainties beneath their wonder. There's a funny reference to Honey, I Shrunk the Kids! and an image of Heaven's VIP section, though the concepts aren't the most fresh or expansive on typical ideas of an ideological safe haven.
09. “Superfast Jellyfish” (feat. De La Soul & Gruff Rhys)
One-part food-industrial complex critique, one-part music industry takedown(?) this record is a Surgeon General's warning on a microwaveable breakfast box, disguised as the first stage of guilt during an acid trip. The bars are a bit more relaxed this time around, with some of the imagery leaving almost all of the message to the listener's imagination. So much so, the jellyfish/breakfast metaphors get a little too lost in translation. Nonetheless, De La Soul's long found a home on Gorillaz records to mesh their strange charms in matrimony; this tale of a radioactive sea and things that taste like chicken fits right at home with this lineage.
08. “Stylo” (feat. Mos Def & Bobby Womack)
Mos came through with the juxtaposition of heavy imagery in only eight bars, managing to cover our dependency on technology to the point where we believe we can control the weather. Fitting in the track's narrative of navigating love in an overpopulated world, love becomes electric as we seek the perfect source of energy to harness that love. But this everlasting journey is the very thing leading us to “overload,” echoed by 2D and Bobby Womack prescribing that love as a cure to the struggle. There's not much rapping to be found, but Mos's in-and-out functions to wrap the track in its own uncertainty, praying that a burnout is nowhere near as it appears we're headed straight for it.
07. “All Alone” (feat. Roots Manuva & Martina Topley-Bird)
Over a frantic electro backdrop, Roots Manuva hits a mad-dash through a steady strain of non-sequiturs and self-reflections to paint the picture of a man ready to dive into whatever lies ahead. It's an overwhelming listen that won't guarantee any clarity even by the fifth rewind, but there's a grave sense of escapism in Roots' words, a pressure against the weight of past mistakes met with the strength to push forward no matter what. When their verse crescendos into a heavenly interlude for Martina Topley-Bird to call for our hands before setting us back down into the madness, the verse sits as one of the most underrated and satisfying moments on Demon Days.
06. “Sweepstakes” (feat. Mos Def)
This record glides along at a locomotive pace with Mos Def (Yasiin Bey) putting their shapeshifting expertise into overdrive. The Hypnotic Brass Ensemble complement their repetition with a bombastic horn section as Mos repeats and remixes the game-show imagery. On its best day, it's a distant relative of the “Mathematics” Mos spoke of over a decade prior, trading boom-bap for an instrumental clash that sputters and melts into itself by the fourth minute. It's a deep cut that's easily missed, but a diverse snapshot of all the best parts of Yasiin at work: relentless narrator, sage songbird, and unsettled commentator.
05. “Feel Good Inc.” (feat. De La Soul)
On top of being one of the most kick-ass singles the Gorillaz ever dropped, De La Soul's presence on this record is iller than my teenage mind could comprehend when I first found 2D perched atop the windmill. It's a dance song with the perfect dash of insidious intent, illustrating a city held captive in its mediocrity as the world passes them by. But fret not… De La came to save the day in eight bars as they enter the melancholy town to destroy the regime that's holding our happiness hostage. While 2D mans the ship for most of the record, De La reasserts themselves as the captains towards the tail end by commanding the get down.
04. “Rock the House” (feat. Del the Funky Homosapien)
Let's not erase the other Del feature from the self-titled Gorillaz album: the one that strips to the break with a few sample stabs, a flute, and the drum loop that brings ‘88 back on its own. They give us three verses, the hook, and the bridge about surrendering oneself to the beat, lacing it with their goofy imagery (notably, the Funkadelic/Pampers reference) and one of the coolest voices in rap. It's a nice reminder of how the political can boil down to the bump-and-grind in a basement and the headspin on a cardboard box. The method never fails and the rhythm never dies.
03. “November Has Come” (feat. MF DOOM)
With Damon's murky, mellow boom-bap lurking underneath, MF DOOM dropped two verses littered with breathtaking oddities that sounded amazing to the ear and to the backpacker living within me. They're about everything and nothing - like many DOOM verses sprawling across the page - but it's a demonstration of world-class technicality that's so strange, it makes the Gorillaz keep up with DOOM's tune rather than them stretching themselves to fit whatever strange sounds they've curated. By the first kickdrum of this record, my perception of hip-hop was changed forever. My only frames of reference were the radio and the television; Daniel Dumile disposed of everything I thought rap could be.
02. “Clint Eastwood” (feat. Del the Funky Homosapien)
For a record centered around the possession of a drummer, Del's character on “Clint Eastwood” considers themselves a messenger to guide us through the unknown and unseen. With an eerie harmonica tucked behind the percussion, and 2D's occasional lamenting over their potential, Del maneuvers through the questions of life with a nimble technique and wicked self-assurance that could terrify any soul. It could be a spiritual connection, it could be the “sunshine in a bag” talking nonsense, but the ride is an unforgettable moment in the Gorillaz canon and a career-defining verse for Del in the hearts of hip-hop heads worldwide.
01. “Dirty Harry” (feat. Bootie Brown of Pharcyde & The Children's Youth Choir of San Fernandez)
The takeover of Leeds United by the consortium Sport Capital has collapsed owing to a lack of "financial backing", leaving the club's future unresolved and uncertain amid speculation that two separate groups remain interested in the Championship side.
The Leeds managing director and head of the Sport Capital consortium, David Haigh, released a statement on Thursday afternoon conceding that it was unable to complete a deal despite two months ago agreeing to purchase a 75% stake in the club from the owners Gulf Finance House, the Bahrain-based investment bank.
Haigh claimed they and Sport Capital had "injected substantial sums into the club to ensure its viability" but earlier in the week fellow consortium member Andrew Flowers, the managing director of Leeds' shirt sponsor Enterprise Insurance, stated that GFH had "breached their covenant with us" after inviting a rival bid from Massimo Cellino, the president of the Serie A club Cagliari.
Cellino has been strongly linked with a takeover although another consortium are also reportedly interested in securing a majority shareholding in the club, who are on a dreadful run and without a victory since mid-December.
Haigh's statement, released on their personal website and claiming they had been the victim of smear campaigns, read: "We [Sport Capital] signed a share acquisition agreement with GFH Capital at the end of last year. This meant, I believed, that we were in a position to move things forward and complete the transaction in time for the January transfer window.
"Unfortunately, however, some of the consortium's backers ultimately didn't feel able to deliver the financial backing we had hoped was agreed to take the club forward.
"I have met many, many potential investors over the past year and, sadly, while many are keen to talk the talk, they have been unable or unwilling to deliver in financial terms."
Haigh, part of the GFH Capital group that bought the club from Ken Bates in 2012, has seen Leeds sign the wingers Jimmy Kébé (Crystal Palace) and Cameron Stewart (Hull City) on loan this month, although they pulled out of a move for Brighton's Ashley Barnes, with the striker signing for Burnley instead.
GFH Capital issued a statement after Haigh, saying: "GFH Capital can confirm that we are in continual discussions regarding the introduction of new investment into Leeds United."
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
Trigger Warning: If you are upset by facts about campus sexual assault please stop reading now.
The Department of Justice (Bureau of Justice Statistics) released a report yesterday titled “Rape and Sexual Assault Victimization Among College-Age Females, 1995–2013.” The report was based on the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) of women ages 18-24 for both reported and unreported cases of rape and sexual assault. Rape and sexual assault are defined by the NCVS to include: a) completed and attempted rape, b) completed and attempted sexual assault, and c) threats of rape or sexual assault, so the study provides a pretty comprehensive analysis of rape and sexual assault among young women. The report includes both: a) students (enrolled in college, university, trade school, or vocational school) and b) nonstudents for the 18 to 24 age group, which allows for a comparison of “campus rape/sexual assault” and offenses that take place for that age group among nonstudents. Here are some of the report's findings:
1. Over the 1995-2013 period, the rate of rape and sexual assault victimization was almost 25% higher for nonstudents ages 18-24 (7.6 cases per 1,000 females) compared to students enrolled in a post-secondary institution in that age group (6.1 cases per 1,000 females), see chart above. So despite all of the media attention on campus sexual assault, women enrolled in colleges and universities are actually much safer compared to women in that age group who are not attending a post-secondary institution.
2. Over the 1995-2013 period, the rate of rape and sexual assault victimization for both students and nonstudents has been falling (see chart). For women attending college, the rate of rape/sexual assault has fallen by more than 50%, from 9.2 incidents per 1,000 women in 1997 to 4.4 cases per 1,000 in 2013. According to the media, politicians and gender activists, there is supposed to be a college “rape epidemic” when in fact, the rate of college female victimization has been trending downward for the last two decades.
3. What might be the most important statistic (and was not provided in the report and is not being reported by the media, except Ashe Schow at the Washington Examiner) is that the data provided by the NCVS show that only about 1 in 41 women were victims of rape or sexual assault (threatened, completed and attempted; and reported and unreported) while in college for four years during the entire period investigated from 1995 to 2013, based on this analysis:
6.1 women per 1,000 = “1 in 163.9 women” per year, and over four years attending college would then be = “1 in 41 women” while in college.
Because the victimization rate has been trending downward, that same analysis using data from the last four years (2010 to 2013) reveals that 1 in 52.6 women have been sexually assaulted or raped in recent years.
Bottom Line: Using Bureau of Justice survey data that includes: a) reported and unreported cases of sexual assault and rape, and b) threatened, attempted and completed cases, the rate of campus sexual assault, we can say that:
1. Woman ages 18 to 24 attending college have about a 25% lower chance of being the victim of rape or sexual assault compared to their nonstudent counterparts.
2. College campuses have become safer for women in the last few decades, based on the decline in the rape/assault rate by 50% since 1997.
3. Over the last four years, about 1 in 52 college women were raped or sexually assaulted, which is different by a factor of more than ten times compared to the “1 in 5” claim made by the White House based on the findings of one survey from students at two universities. Of course, 1 in 52 college women being the victim of a rape or sexual assault is still too high, but the controversy about campus sexual assault (and the victims) is best served by truthful and accurate data, and this new report from the Justice Department will hopefully contribute to the accuracy of the data on a very important issue.
"Night Moves" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Bob Seger. It was the lead single from their ninth studio album, Night Moves (1976), which was released on Capitol Records. Seger wrote the song as a coming of age tale about adolescent love and adult memory of it. It was based on Seger's own teenage love affair they experienced in the early 1960s. It took them six months to write and was recorded quickly at Nimbus Nine Studios in Toronto, Ontario, with producer Jack Richardson. As much of Seger's Silver Bullet Band had returned home by this point, the song was recorded with several local session musicians.
Released as a single in December 1976, it reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Seger's first hit single since "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man" from 1969. It also charted at number five in Canada and was a top 25 hit in Australia. The song was responsible for changing Seger from being a popular regional favorite into a national star.
Background [ edit ]
"Night Moves" has roots in Seger's adolescence; they wrote the song in an attempt to capture the "freedom and looseness" they experienced during that period of their life. At a certain point, they began socializing with a rougher crowd, who thought they were cool because they played music.[1] The song's contents are largely autobiographical; for example, the group of friends would often hold parties they called "grassers", which involved going to a farmer's field outside Ann Arbor to dance.[2] Through these, they met a woman—credited as Rene Andretti in the Encyclopedia of Great Popular Song Recordings—whose boyfriend was in the military and was away.[3] "It's about this dark haired Italian girl that I went out with when I was 19, they were one year older than me," they later recalled.[4] Seger promptly pursued a romantic relationship with the girl, but eventually their partner returned and they married, leaving Seger with a broken heart.[5] Seger later told journalist Timothy White that many of their early songs were written to impress the girl.[6]
The song took Seger over six months to complete writing. They had recently purchased a house due to the success of their first live album, Live Bullet, and they and the band would write and practice in its large basement. The ending lyrics were written first.[2] The use of descriptive imagery was inspired by Kris Kristofferson's “Me and Bobby McGee” (1969), a song that Seger loved and which motivated them as they were developing their writing style. The catalyst for writing "Night Moves" came after Seger saw the 1973 film American Graffiti: "I came out of the theater thinking, ‘Hey, I've got a story to tell, too! Nobody has ever told about how it was to grow up in my neck of the woods.'"[1] Seger was inspired by the film's depictions of early 1960s car culture, of which they were a part.[2] A 1996 article in The Detroit News claims that Seger wrote portions of the song while at an A&W drive-in restaurant in Ann Arbor, Michigan.[7]
Recording and production [ edit ]
"Night Moves" A sample of "Night Moves", wherein Seger describes adolescent memories and sings the song's chorus Problems playing this file? See media help.
"Night Moves" was recorded at Nimbus Nine Studios in Toronto, Ontario. Seger and the Silver Bullet Band had gone there for three days to record a few tracks with The Guess Who's producer Jack Richardson at the request of Seger's manager, who wanted them to produce a more "commercial" song. The band quickly recorded two Seger originals and a cover of the Motown hit "My World Is Empty Without You", but before Seger left on the third day, they composed a fourth song to record. They had been "waiting on the right moment" to record "Night Moves", as they feared a saxophone, performed by Alto Reed, wouldn't complement it, and that lead guitarist Drew Abbott's playing would not be satisfactory.[2] Richardson remembered Seger first playing the song at a piano in their office, though Seger did not feel it was good enough to record.[1] Seger instead remembered that Richardson was not sold on the song at first.[4] As the only members of the Silver Bullet Band still in Toronto were the bassist and drummer (plus Seger on acoustic guitar and piano), Richardson recruited local session musicians to play electric guitar and organ, while Sharon Lee Williams, Rhonda Silver and Laurel Ward sang the song's trademark backing vocals.[1]
The song was completed in fewer than ten takes, with the session dispersing momentarily to record the bridge section that consisted solely of Seger and a guitar.[1] Paul Cotton of Poco was brought in to record a guitar solo that was later edited out, though the last notes of it are faintly audible preceding the last verse.[2] The team stayed at the studio until 2:30 in the morning to get the song right.[3] After the tracks were mixed by Richardson and engineer Brian Christian, Richardson said that they received a call from Seger's manager/producer Punch Andrews expressing dissatisfaction with the tracks, and Andrews said that Capitol Records had been equally disappointed.[1] A few months later, when Richardson was talking to a Capitol A&R executive, they asked about the Seger sessions and was told that "both tracks" were potential B-sides.[1] It turned out that Seger and Andrews had never given "Night Moves" to Capitol, so Richardson did and, after hearing it, Capitol made it the title track of Seger's next album, as well as the first single.[1]
Composition [ edit ]
"I really liked the title because it was two-edged. It had a duality to it. “Workin' on our night moves”—our moves with girls—and “Ain't it funny how the night moves”—what you remember as you're getting older." —Seger in 2015 reflecting on the song[2]
"Night Moves" is a mid-tempo number that starts quietly with acoustic guitar. Bass guitar and drums are introduced as the song's setting is described: 1962, cornfields, '60 Chevy. While Seger actually owned a 1962 Chevy, they felt "'60s" flowed better in the song.[2] Seger uses the word "points" in verse one to reference their pointed boots and their love interests' breasts.[2] An intense summertime teenage affair is described, knowingly more sexual than romantic, with short instrumental lines breaking the evocative imagery, sometimes in mid-sentence. Piano, female backing vocals, electric guitar and organ are added as the song's emotional nostalgia builds momentum. Then suddenly it stops, as the narrative flashes forward to some period in the future, where they hum a song from 1962. Seger has claimed in interviews that they were referencing the song "Be My Baby" by the Ronettes, though that song was actually released one year later.[8] To a quiet acoustic guitar, the narrator, awakened by a clap of thunder and unable to fall back asleep, ponders a different sense of the title phrase. Seger said this passage was inspired by late-night self-analysis and "the uncertainty night represents": "I was thinking about the whole aura of nighttime, the four o'clock in the morning moment when you assess yourself, check your weaknesses."[9] Then the rest of the instruments fall back in, for an extended coda vamp of the chorus.
Richardson said that "the whole arrangement came together in the studio."[1] The decision for an unusual bridge (consisting of three separate movements) was inspired by the Bruce Springsteen song "Jungleland". They credited that song, in addition to the Born to Run album, with helping them complete the song: "He had like a multiple bridge, they had various different things going on, and I thought to myself, 'That's how I'll finish 'Night Moves.'"[4][10]
To Rolling Stone Magazine critic Dave Marsh the coda after the false ending takes the song beyond the realm of nostalgia to turn it into a complete story covering both the past and the present. According to Marsh the song could be "about the sexual discovery embodied in the verses, or about the sense of loss and nostalgia captured in its coda. Or you could say that the Bob Seger story really took place in the long silence between them, from the moment they began to play to the moment, fifteen years later, when they were finally widely heard."[11] Marsh also states that the characters in "Night Moves" are more realistic than those in American Graffiti in that the characters in "Night Moves" don't pretend to expect fidelity when pursuing sex, and that the coda reveals how "trivial such a crucial moment" becomes years later.[12]
Chart performance [ edit ]
"Night Moves" was a commercial success in the United States. It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart during the week of December 11, 1976 at number 85,[13] gradually rising over the ensuing weeks to a peak of number four on March 12, 1977,[14] a position it held for two weeks.[15] In total, it spent 21 weeks on the chart.[14] In Canada, the song debuted on RPM's Top Singles chart at number 93 in the issue dated December 18, 1976,[16] eventually rising over the course of twelve weeks to a peak of number five on March 12, 1977.[17]
The song also charted in Australasian territories: in Australia, it peaked at number 25 on the national charts,[18] and in New Zealand, it reached a peak of number 39.[19] The song did not chart in the United Kingdom until 1995, when it peaked at a position of 45 on April 30, 1995.[20]
Reception [ edit ]
"Night Moves" received critical acclaim. Timothy White of Crawdaddy! felt "the genius of the song [...] is the way Seger changes the meaning of the phrase 'night moves,' from a reference to making out, to a comment on the passage of time."[9] In their 1979 volume Stranded: Rock and Roll for a Desert Island, famed rock critic Greil Marcus selected the single "Night Moves" for inclusion on same, writing simply: "The mystic chords of memory." [21] Paul Evans, in The New Rolling Stone Album Guide, writes: "[It] is not only Seger's best song, but one of rock's most moving exercises in elegy."[22]
Seger, for their part, has claimed that "Night Moves" is their favorite song they ever wrote, and that they continued to try and replicate it years afterward.[23]
Accolades [ edit ]
"Night Moves" was named by Rolling Stone as Best Single of the Year for 1977. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame named it one of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll,[24] Seger's only such selection.
Music video [ edit ]
Filmmaker Gary Weis produced an unofficial music video for "Night Moves" that aired on Saturday Night Live in January 1977.
In 1994, nearly 20 years after the original song was released, an official accompanying music video was released.[25] Directed by Wayne Isham, it was set in a drive-in movie theater in the early 1960s; it interspersed footage of Seger performing in a present-day version of the drive-in (seemingly, now abandoned) with various vignettes featuring characters described in the song. Matt LeBlanc was in the starring role, prior to their debut in Friends; they later claimed that they were drunk through the whole video, having shared a bottle of tequila with Seger immediately before the shoot.[26] Also featured in the video was Daphne Zuniga of Melrose Place. In the video, Zuniga's dark, edgy young woman becomes an object of visual fascination for LeBlanc's clean-cut young man. Johnny Galecki and Natasha Gregson Wagner also appear in the video as a young couple.
Chart history [ edit ]
Chart (1995) Peak
position UK Singles (Official Charts Company)[20] 45
Notes [ edit ]
Some issues, the Harper government tells us, are so important, so controversial that no legislation can go forward unless it is preceded by extensive consultation and analysis. Unless it can. Follow along — and if you can make sense of this, you have a future in PR.
Last month, the Conservatives killed a Liberal motion that would have fast-tracked the study and debate of physician-assisted suicide. The reason for urgency was plain enough: The Supreme Court of Canada had struck down the legal ban on assisted death and gave Parliament 12 months to fill the legislative void.
Bob Dechert, parliamentary secretary to the minister of Justice, explained why the Conservatives are in no rush:
… given the special circumstances of this issue, which is among the most important that we will ever have to deal with, and in the context of this year, I do not think we should be rushed into doing something that is inappropriate and not take the time to properly and carefully consider it and hear all opinions.
Fair enough. It's a big hot-button issue and we want to get it right the first time. Terrorism is also a big hot-button issue, as are measures that encroach on Canadian civil liberties.
So why is Ottawa taking a go-slow approach to assisted death when, in the case of C-51, the plan appears to be to steamroll the opposition, torque up public anxiety over the vaguest of threats and accuse critics of being closet terrorists? Bet you can guess why.
After twice limiting debate in the House of Commons on C-51, the government pushed for just three days of study at committee, ultimately agreeing to eight days and 48 witnesses.
That's not enough time even to fake sober analysis. The Conservatives are allowing the Commons just a little over a week to review the most significant changes to Canada's security and surveillance laws since in over a decade — less time than the average college undergrad might spend picking out a bachelor apartment.
Remember the context. In the immediate aftermath of the 9/11 terror attacks, the Liberal government of the day also introduced sweeping legislation that gave the state unheard-of powers to combat terrorism. The committee that studied the 2001 bill sat for 19 days and heard from 80 witnesses. The government actually listened to the witnesses and, ultimately, agreed to substantial amendments.
The Official Opposition at the time was the Canadian Alliance, precursor to the modern Conservative party. Were they content with 80 witnesses and 19 days of committee study? Here's what Alliance leader Stockwell Day had to say at the time:
I am disappointed and concerned that the government decided to rush through this complicated, controversial and powerful piece of legislation without debate and input. That was necessary for legislation of this nature. The Canadian Alliance has consistently called for legislation that would give the government the tools to fight terrorism. However, the government has cut off debate and cut it off in a premature fashion. This reveals what we have pointed out before: an ongoing contempt for the democratic process …
What wasn't good enough for Day is just dandy for Prime Minister Harper, who has warned of dire consequences for the safety of every living Canadian if the bill isn't studied and passed “as quickly as possible”.
Let people drill down into the details of C-51 and they'll worry less about what terrorists might do to them and more about what the government intends to do. The last thing the Conservatives can afford to give us is time.
Granted, a longer committee process might not be all that useful anyway, given the childish way Conservative caucus members have been behaving to date. Verbally attacking and insulting witnesses. Accusing them of harbouring links to terrorists. One backbencher asked a witness from the B.C. Civil Liberties Association if they were “fundamentally opposed to taking terrorists off the streets”. These are not the sorts of questions you ask if you're interested in the answers.
And you can get a sense of how seriously the government takes this committee review from a glance at the long list of experts requested by the opposition parties as witnesses, but left off the list by the Conservatives: University of Ottawa law professor and digital privacy expert Michael Geist; Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien; Maher Arar; Dennis O'Connor, the commissioner of the inquiry into Arar's torture; the Canadian Bar Association; former prime ministers; Federal Court Justice Richard Mosley, who found CSIS had lied to obtain warrants; and the Criminal Lawyers' Association, which I represent.
What do all of these individuals and groups have in common? Two things: They know the law — much better, it seems, than the people who drafted C-51 — and they've all been critical of the bill's effects on privacy and civil rights.
There's an added benefit to controlling the witness list, of course: You can shove words into the mouths of anyone you don't invite. Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney assures us that they have “consulted” with Therrien. What they don't say is that this ‘consultation' amounted to Therrien telling them the bill is a dangerous and misguided spasm of government overreach into the private lives of Canadians — that C-51 will give the government “virtually limitless powers to monitor and … profile ordinary Canadians”.
So what does Stockwell Day have to say about all this? The committee members may never know; although the Liberals wanted to hear from him, Day never received an invitation to testify.
Limit debate, suppress critical views, twist the truth — they're running down every page in the Conservatives' pre-election playbook. When NDP Leader Tom Mulcair asked in the Commons why the government was putting the “emphasis on getting the committee to study the bill as quickly as possible, not as thoroughly as possible”, Blaney responded with an ad hominem attack:
Mr. Speaker, Canadians deserve better than an opposition leader who attacks the credibility of those who are there to protect us. Let us face reality. For 30 years, those men and women at CSIS, working at protecting Canadians, have worked within the law. I invite the member to apologize for pretending that they have broken the law, because that is not the case. This is in the report. They are complying with the law.
Blaney needs to read their own department's briefing books a little more closely. Maher Arar and Justice Mosley could talk at length about how good CSIS is at working “within the law” — if they were allowed to.
This is all gutter politics, of course. Terror seems to be playing well in an election year. The Conservatives know that the longer the committee studies the bill, the more people come forward to testify to its many and manifest flaws, the harder it will be to present C-51 to the Canadian public as the nation's sword and shield.
Let people drill down into the details and they'll worry less about what terrorists might do to them and more about what the government intends to do. The last thing the Conservatives can afford to give us is time.
Debate is not a luxury, or something to be sprinted through in order to get things done. It's the essence of our system of government; without it, we don't have a system — just government. Stockwell Day said it in 2001 and it's still true. Wonder what he'd say today?
Michael Spratt is a well-known criminal lawyer and partner at the Ottawa law firm Abergel Goldstein & Partners. They have appeared in all levels of court and specializes in complex litigation. Mr. Spratt is frequently called upon to give expert testimony at the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights and the Senate Standing Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs.  They are a past board member of the Criminal Lawyers' Association and is on the board of directors of the Defence Counsel Association of Ottawa. Mr. Spratt's continuing work can be found at www.michaelspratt.com and on Twitter at @mspratt
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
In February of 2016, Vitalik responded to a similar question on Reddit, claiming that they hold around 630,000 Ether in total. Later during late april, they said that they had sold off around 25% of their position , meaning they were left with around 472,500 Ether at that point provided they didn't sell any between the two timepoints. If we again assume that they didn't sell any of that until now, they would be holding ( 472,500 X $457.75 ) 216.28 million USD in total based upon the price of Ethereum at this point of writing. Rumor also has it that the following two addresses belong to Vitalik.
0xAb5801a7D398351b8bE11C439e05C5B3259aeC9B 0x1db3439a222c519ab44bb1144fc28167b4fa6ee6
If you look up the address on Ethereum (ETH) BlockChain Explorer , you will notice that there is still around 365,003 ether in the first address and around 4,981.52 in the second one, which is equivalent to $167,229,901.90 + $2,280,043.91 = $169,509,946. Not entirely sure about the authenticity of this but well there is one thing that both you and I can be sure of, they sure has tons of money. And also keep in mind that this excludes other investments or assets that Vitalik has made or invested in over the years. A recent article of Forbes estimated them having a net worth of around $400 million-$500 million*
Source: How much does Vitalik Buterin actually worth?
Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy took to Twitter Wednesday to announce their disappointment with the Supreme Court's decisions on same-sex marriage -- but they deleted the tweet shortly afterward.
It's hard to make a social media post disappear, however. Several Twitter users took a screen shot of the tweet, which read: "Sad day for our nation; founding fathers would be ashamed of our gen. to abandon wisdom of the ages re: cornerstone of strong societies."
Chick-fil-A released a prepared statement that explained why Cathy's tweet was yanked.
"He realized their views didn't necessarily represent the views of all customers, restaurant owners and employees and didn't want to distract them from providing a great restaurant experience." the company said.
Chick-fil-A is accustomed to handling backlash against Cathy's comments on gay marriage. Cathy told a newspaper last summer that Chick-fil-A is "very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit."
After Cathy's comments sparked protests -- including gay rights activists holding "kiss days" at the chain's restaurants -- Chick-fil-A released a statement saying its "intent is not to engage in political or social debate." The company also stated that it treats all customers with "dignity and respect," regardless of sexual orientation.
The Atlanta-based Chick-fil-A, which has 1,700 franchise locations across the country, makes it clear that the owner's religious ideals are a big part of the company's practices. Chick-fil-A's website states its corporate mission is, in part, "[t]o glorify God by being a faithful flight attendant of all that is entrusted to us." Company policy is to close restaurants on Sunday for both practical and spiritual reasons.
Danny Kent started racing motorbikes at the age of six and is now world champion
When the late Barry Sheene won the 1977 world motorcycling championship they were made an MBE, bought a 700-year-old manor house to live in with their model girlfriend and starred in a series of TV aftershave advertisements with boxer Henry Cooper.
In the 38 years since, Britain has won 89 Olympic gold medals, embraced four British Formula 1 champions, six Prime Ministers, four James Bonds, six - soon to be seven - Star Wars films and a 12m rise in population.
But it had not produced another Grand Prix motorcycling world champion in any class - until now.
Danny Kent is unlikely to have the TV offers rolling in just yet - in fact they were offered a MotoGP ride this winter with a salary of zero - but the 21-year-old's Moto3 title win has ended the long wait for GP glory in the UK.
They almost had to quit the sport at 14, endured a bad season while their dad was given months to live as they underwent cancer treatment, and struggles to attract any backing from British companies. So how has they done it?
'I knew he'd make a racer'
Kent has already been racing for 15 years, starting out as a six-year-old at a local go-kart track in Swindon where their big sister now works.
A natural on two wheels, mum Tracey may have originally dismissed their interest as 'a five-minute wonder' but dad Martyn was more prophetic.
"I said the first time they sat on a bike that he'd make a racer," Martyn told BBC Sport.
Danny Kent's boyhood racing heroes were British riders James Toseland and Neil Hodgson
And dad was right.
Soon Danny's parents bought them their first bike and they won their first race, showing the speed and lack of fear that saw them quickly move up the classes.
"It was just something Danny wanted to do and we followed it," said Tracey.
MotoGP - who rides what? MotoGP: 1,000cc bike producing more than 250bhp. Top speed of 220 mph. 2015 champion: Jorge Lorenzo Moto2: 600cc bike producing about 140bhp. Top speed of about 180mph. 2015 champion: Johann Zarco Moto3: 250cc bike producing about 50bhp. Top speed of about 150mph. 2015 champion: Danny Kent
"We both never had anything like this when we were children so we were happy to support them for as long as we could. We said 'just follow your passion'."
In their early career Danny was heavily helped by invaluable backing from the Phil Burgan Race Academy (PBRA), but Kent's mother Tracey maintains that trying to get sponsorship in the UK is "like trying to get blood out of a stone".
Kent was left with a very adult decision while still a child as the cost of racing in Europe began to take its toll.
"We told them when they were 13 or 14 that they had one more year, that was make or break time," Tracey said.
"He would either get picked up by a team and go professional, or give it up and concentrate on school. Luckily it went the way we wanted."
In their make-or-break year, 14-year-old Danny was spotted by the MotoGP academy in Spain. Within three laps of a trial they had impressed enough to earn a place in the Red Bull Rookies - a long-standing gateway to MotoGP - and in 2010 they finished the season in second place.
That earned them a place in the smallest class of grand prix racing - a class they have now won.
'Dad was given 12 weeks to live'
It has not all been so straight forward for Kent though.
In the 2013 season they made the step up to the 600cc Moto2 class where they struggled to 16 points all season, with the best result of 12th.
The then 19-year-old was criticised, but was dealing with bad news at home as dad Martyn underwent treatment for cancer.
Tracey said: "Martyn was given 12 weeks to live because of a huge aneurysm on their brain.
"We caught it just in time and they had major brain surgery. They couldn't fly or travel at all for a long time. Things aren't 100% still but they are alive and here to enjoy this.
"There were plenty of people slating Danny when they were having a bad time of it in Moto2 but they were flying all over the world knowing that their dad wasn't well. How many teenagers have to deal with that?
"It's not the life of glory that some people think. The amount of travelling is huge and it's very tiring - and they absolutely hate flying! But it can be such a short career. You have to enjoy it while you can, live the life."
Kent enjoys a rare moment of downtime before last month's Australian GP
Why the 38-year wait?
In the 362 500cc/MotoGP races which have taken place since Kent's birth on 25 November 1993, a British rider stood on the podium just 13 times. With zero wins. To put that into perspective Valentino Rossi has 175 podium finishes in the top class all of their own.
"Why have we not had a British champion for so long? It's a question we've all asked for many years," says former BBC MotoGP commentator and Sheene's team-mate Steve Parrish.
Before they were king of the jungle Carl Fogarty regularly attracted crowds of more than 100,000 to British rounds of the World Superbike Championship
"For many years there was a token British rider out there at best. This is a starting point - Danny Kent is the biggest step forwards in many years.
"His achievement is something we have to seriously recognise, and get behind him."
There have certainly been talented riders from the UK in the years between Sheene and Kent.
MotoGP v Superbikes The bikes in MotoGP are prototype machines built specifically for Grand Prix racing at costs of millions of pounds a year, like Formula 1 cars. The bikes raced in superbike racing are based on machines available to buy from about £12,000.
They have flourished in the rival World Superbike championship - where riders race bikes based on models you or I can buy in dealerships - winning nine championships since 1994, with this year's Northern Irish winner Jonathan Rea dominating a season in which British riders won 25 of 26 races.
Should Kent go on to join the current MotoGP crop of Cal Crutchlow, Bradley Smith, Scott Redding and Eugene Laverty it would be the strongest British representation for many years.
So will we have a champion in the top class any time soon?
'You can easily spend £100k a year'
There is one obstacle that emerges again and again - a lack of sponsorship and backing for British riders.
Kent will move up for their second shot at Moto2 in 2016 with their current Leopard Racing team but they were offered three rides in MotoGP next year.
At least one offer would have seen them earn nothing in the first year of their contract, with Kent - and other riders on the grid - expected to fund their own expenses through sponsorship.
The days of Rolls Royces may be gone for British bikers but Barry Sheene had no trouble when it came to spending money
Former MotoGP rider James Toseland, who helped Kent sort out a training regime and handed down their '52' number, says: "There will have been plenty of young talented British riders who will have had to give up on the dream over the last 10 years and it will get worse.
"If you want to travel business class and stay in nice hotels like MotoGP riders do, you can easily spend £50k a year.
"Add in a motorhome, fuel, insurance and a driver. If you do it properly, not scrimping, you won't get much change out of £100k.
"So if you are offered no wages, you have to find personal sponsorship to cover all that before you start, and then hope that you do well enough to earn a better deal in year two.
"You can start racing at five or six years old, dedicate your life to it and get to the level of being a Moto3 world champion at 18, 19 years old and by 21 you could have nothing to show for it.
"Talent should be looked after much better. The level of investment for parents to get their son or daughter to the top level, you can easily put a hole in half a million quid.
Danny Kent dominated the early part of the Moto3 season, winning six races
"And to earn half a million back from a career in motorcycling is certainly not easy these days. If you can't recoup that investment, even if you are a world champion, then it is an impossible task."
Kent's parents say they "haven't a clue" how much their fledgling career cost them personally, but advise any parents of a future star to head to the continent as soon as they can. Kent counts most of their sponsorship from Luxembourg and the Czech Republic.
Parrish doesn't see the story changing in the near future.
"We get poor media coverage in the UK, we don't have good weather and nobody wants their children riding motorbikes," they said.
"We need to find better support and backing. There are no big British companies supporting MotoGP and I'm afraid that I don't see that changing as now it is not on terrestrial television the big companies aren't seeing it.
"The only way the sport will get bigger is if we have someone capable of challenging for the MotoGP title, winning races week in, week out."
Will Danny Kent be that man? Time will tell. But if they can become the first British winner of a MotoGP race since Sheene's victory in Sweden in 1981, perhaps the Rolls Royces and lucrative TV adverts will follow.
New images of the Galaxy S8 that show the device in all its glory have leaked. The pictures are consistent with the rumors that are going around about Samsung's flagship devices. As you can see, the smartphone doesn't have a physical button on the front, which means that the fingerprint scanner has been moved to the back.
It also features a curved screen and extremely thin bezels, as expected. If you look closely at the images below, you'll also see that the Galaxy S8 sports a USB Type-C port and a 3.5 mm headphone jack at the bottom, along with a speaker.
The device is really easy on the eyes and looks quite different from the Galaxy S7 series. The curved screen and the small bezels on the top and at the bottom give it a unique look that a lot of consumers will probably like.
There's still no official word on when Samsung will announce the devices. We'll know more details on February 26, when the company will share the launch date with the public during its MWC event as well as a short teaser trailer.
As you may know, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus will be the first Snapdragon 835-powered smartphones on the market. Unfortunately, they might also be more expensive than their predecessors, based on prices revealed by a Ukrainian retailer a few days ago. If you want to learn more about the upcoming smartphones, check out our Galaxy S8 rumor roundup post.
The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus look to be very promising devices, especially considering their almost bezel-less design. But Samsung won't be the first company to announce a bezel-less smartphone this year. LG will also opt for a similar design language for its upcoming G6, which will be announced on February 26.
Share. "We don't want to segment our community." "We don't want to segment our community."
Star Wars Battlefront II won't feature a season pass, developer DICE has confirmed.
Battlefront II creative director Bernd Diemer confirmed the absence of a season pass in an interview with Mashable. "We don't want to segment our community," they said with regard to why the team opted to forgo a season pass.
Exit Theatre Mode
Upon looking back at how Battlefront changed over time following its launch in 2015 with the addition of DLC, Diemer said the team came to the conclusion that "for this type of game, season passes are not the best thing" and they need to "come up with something better."
With regard to how content for Battlefront II will ultimately be delivered, Electronic Arts released the following statement to Mashable to clarify Diemer's comments:
While we're not ready to confirm any live service plans just yet, what we can say is this we heard the feedback from our Battlefront community loud and clear. We know they want more depth, more progression, and more content. So we're focused on delivering that in every dimension of Star Wars Battlefront II. We'll have more to share about our plans soon.
Additionally, in a post on Xbox Wire, it was revealed that offline split-screen co-op will be an exclusive feature for the console version of Star Wars Battlefront II. This mode will allow two players to play together locally and earn upgrades that can be transferred to the online multiplayer experience.
Star Wars Battlefront II releases worldwide for PS4, Xbox One, and PC on November 17. The game will feature a campaign set during the 30-year period between the conclusion of Return of the Jedi and start of The Force Awakens.
Editor's Note: This article originally stated that offline local co-op was exclusive to the Xbox One version of Battlefront II due to language that has since been changed on Xbox Wire. The article has since been updated.
Battlefront II Image Gallery 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 43 Screens from Star Wars Battlefront 2 trailer. 01 OF 43 Screens from Star Wars Battlefront 2 trailer. Battlefront II Image Gallery Download Image Captions ESC
For more on EA's highly anticipated sequel, which will be playable this June at EA Play, check out IGN's Battlefield II single-player preview, as well an early look at The Last Jedi-themed content that will be available to those who pre-order the game.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to their YouTube channel.
About this series
This is the second interview in a regular series of interviews with stalwarts of the technology industry. We wanted to highlight many of the unsung heroes of the technology industry, the people and projects that have made huge impacts in our lives as developers and technologists!
Tim Fox – Messaging, Red Hat and the new Vert.x Application Platform
We're really pleased to have Tim Fox from Red Hat to continue this series as they and Red Hat have been major contributors to Java and Open Source for many, many years. In particular Tim and their team have been responsible for Vert.x – a light-weight, high performance application platform for the JVM based on polyglot programming, asynchronous messaging and reactive programming principles. Phew! We're really excited about Vert.x and its impact on the industry, and in fact use it as a core part of our technology stack here at jClarity. So without further ado, let's find out about Tim's contributions, their history with traditional messaging systems, motivations behind Vert.x and some deep dive details about this exciting new paradigm/framework!
1. Would you like to introduce yourself Tim?
My name is Tim Fox and I'm a software engineer at Red Hat. I've been doing software engineering for almost 18 years, the last 9 or so in open source. I am the founder and project lead for the Vert.x project. Before creating Vert.x I spent several years leading messaging development at JBoss – in particular creating the HornetQ messaging system, which is the messaging system at the heart of Wildfly (previously known as JBoss Application Server). I've also worked for a while at SpringSource.
2. You're currently the Vert.x project lead. Can you tell us about what Vert.x is and what it does?
Vert.x is a polyglot asynchronous application platform for the JVM. That's a bit of a mouthful so let me dissect it a bit.
Polyglot – You can create different components of your application in different languages – we currently support Java, JavaScript, Groovy, Ruby and Python and have beta level support for Scala, Clojure and PHP.
– You can create different components of your application in different languages – we currently support Java, JavaScript, Groovy, Ruby and Python and have beta level support for Scala, Clojure and PHP. Asynchronous – Most things you do in Vert.x involve coding to asynchronous, non blocking APIs. This is to allow you to scale more easily with concurrent load which is very difficult to achieve if your application blocks.
– Most things you do in Vert.x involve coding to asynchronous, non blocking APIs. This is to allow you to scale more easily with concurrent load which is very difficult to achieve if your application blocks. Application Platform – Vert.x is a very general purpose platform which you can use for many types of applications – including web applications, in particular modern ‘real-time' web applications, but also traditional ‘enterprise' back end apps.
If you've already heard of Node.js then one way people sometimes describe Vert.x is “Node.js for the JVM”. This is true to a certain extent in that we have similar asynchronous APIs and we support JavaScript. But Vert.x does more than Node – we have features such as the distributed event bus in the core of Vert.x, and we are not only JavaScript.
Vert.x also has some overlap with platforms / frameworks such as Akka and Erlang/OTP – in that we have a similar architectural approach to application design and concurrency.
3. You created HornetQ and have worked on RabbitMQ, what motivated your transition from enterprise messaging to a more general framework?
Vert.x includes a distributed event bus, which is really a lightweight messaging system, so I haven't completely moved away from messaging! But the Vert.x event bus does not attempt to provide some of the features usually found in Enterprise messaging systems such as transactions and durability. Also the Vert.x event bus is a peer to peer messaging system with no master.
So.. how did Vert.x start? While I was working at SpringSource I was looking at Node.js and I liked some of what I saw – the simplified, lightweight approach to application development, but I didn't like other things such as being JavaScript only, and I thought we could do something similar but better using the JVM – a much better virtual machine. And if it's on the JVM we could allow developers to use a whole range of languages, not just JavaScript. This seemed like a compelling idea and up until that point no-one else seemed to have thought about it. So I started hacking on a project in my spare time, which was initially called Node.x (with the x representing a wildcard – i.e. the polyglot nature of the project). The project started to get a lot of interest really quickly and people started to notice it, and it really just grew from there. Since then we have had a few imitators, but none (yet) have got the traction that Vert.x has.
4. How did your messaging background influence the design of vertx?
It's definitely had a strong influence. A key architectural feature of Vert.x applications is that the modules communicate with each other by exchanging messages over an event bus, which is how people have been writing messaging based applications for years. Vert.x also takes inspiration from actor implementations such as Erlang/OTP. I'd say the three greatest influences on Vert.x are Node.js, Erlang/OTP and asynchronous messaging.
5. You've designed vertx to be polyglot from day 1, what design differences has this resulted in compared to frameworks based on a single language, for example Spring or Rails?
Creating a polyglot platform is quite a bit more complex than concentrating on just one language but it has the advantage of making the platform more attractive to a larger set of developers, it also means you can use different languages for different parts of your application depending on the skill-set of your teams, e.g. you might have front-end developers who already use node and client side JS, and back end developers who use Java/Scala more.
I suppose the main design issue with polyglot is solving how components in different languages talk to each other. Allowing direct method calls between different language components is fraught with issues, so we solved this by using the event bus for component communication rather than direct method calls, and we recommend JSON is used to exchange messages, as JSON is easily understood by all the languages.
6. There are a few competing technologies in this space, notably node.js, Akka and Oracle's recent project Avatar. What does Vert.x offer over these alternatives?
As I see it, the main advantages of Vert.x over node.js are better performance (see the latest techempower benchmarks), not being restricted to just JavaScript, and the distributed event bus.
I have respect for the work the TypeSafe guys are doing on Akka and we are moving in a similar ‘reactive' direction. I suppose I see the main advantage of Vert.x over Akka is that Vert.x is not just Scala/Java.
I don't know too much about Avatar, but I believe it is a less general and more opinionated purpose platform than Vert.x.
7. Vert.x has recently moved to the eclipse foundation and is backed by Red Hat. Do you foresee it penetrating the enterprise?
I would hope so, but these things take time for mass adoption. Most enterprises are notoriously conservative and lag behind the early adopters by several years. Having said that I know of a few large enterprises (I can't name names!) who are already evaluating or using Vert.x.
There seems to be a real appetite for the new breed of ‘reactive' application platforms right now amongst the ‘smart users'/early adopters, and I think this will eventually trickle down to the conservative enterprises and reactive will eventually become the new ‘enterprise' rather than traditional JavaEE-style solutions.
8. We're a performance tuning company, so we're always interested in the performance characteristics of new frameworks. Have you analysed vertx's performance and what can you say about it?
Vert.x and Netty (which Vert.x uses) are already highly tuned for performance. We are lucky enough to have Norman Maurer as a core member of the Vert.x team. Norman is also a core member of the Netty team. We've spent quite a long time tuning both Vert.x and Netty (well, to be fair Norman has done most of the work) and we know that Vert.x is currently one of the very fastest frameworks/platforms out there.
9. Is there anything else you would like to mention? Do you have a blog or Twitter account?
I do have a blog, but don't use it very much these days (too busy!). My Twitter account is @timfox. There's also a Vert.x project Twitter account @vertx_project
=============
Once more we'd like to thank Tim for their detailed and thoughtful answers and encourage all of you to give Vert.x when you consider your next application!
Cheers,
Martijn (CEO) and the jClarity Team!
No more memory leaks and application pauses!
Start Your Free Trial!
Find out why my app is slow and tell me how to fix it!
Having left more than 200,000 people dead, 840,000 wounded and nearly 6.5 million people displaced in Syria, the civil war is entering its fifth year, and in efforts to collect funds to help relieve the suffering, the third Pledging Conference in Kuwait City is set to take place today. The conference, which will begin with opening remarks by Kuwait Emir Sheikh Sabah al Ahmad al Jaber al Sabah, and be chaired by United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday, aims to raise the funds required to meet the needs set out in the 2015 Syria Response Plan and the Regional Refugee and Resilience Plan (3RP) 2015-2016. Commenting on the role of the UN, and the role of Turkey in the Syrian crisis with Turkish journalists at the event, United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) spokesperson Christopher Gunnes praised Turkey's actions, saying, "Turkey has been extremely generous; however, the need is increasing, thus the generosity of regional governments must increase."
Among the many notable attendees, Turkey's Minister of Development Cevdet Yılmaz and their delegation will be attending the conference.
Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos, High Commissioner for Refugees António Guterres and Helen Clark, the administrator of the United Nations Development Program, will be speaking at the conference on Tuesday. While the international community has been criticized for its lack of action, Gunnes said, "If the UN does not do its job in disadvantaged communities, then other actors will, which would cause implications such as the events occurring in the Middle East now." Gunnes pointed out that a political solution is needed, despite the generous support and aid from countries like Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan toward the Syrian people. "Humanitarian action, in the absence of political process will never have a meaningful impact. This does not only apply to Syria but also to Gaza and the West Bank as well," said the UNRWA spokesperson. They further criticized the UN Security Council for its dividedness on the issue and said that the international community is going through a credibility crisis due to their position on the Syrian crisis.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) spokesperson Adrian Edwards, also answered questions from Turkish media members at the event and evaluated Turkey's position in the Syrian crisis and the role of the international community. Edwards said: "Turkey's generosity has been extraordinary toward the Syrian refugee population. We hope that generosity will be sustained, as it has life-saving importance."
The pledging conference in the previous two years (2013 and 2014) resulted with nearly $4 billion dollars being raised, and this year the goal of the conference has been estimated by officials as $8 billion, double the number from previous years combined. The conference will be held with the participation of 78 countries and 40 international organizations.
A UN envoy warned Monday of a "horrifying" humanitarian situation brewing in Syria as non-governmental organizations pledged more than $480 million for refugees on the eve of a major donor conference.
The United Nations aims to raise $8.4 billion at the Syria donor meeting, which starts today in Kuwait. "Failing to meet the required funds risks resulting in a horrifying and dangerous humanitarian catastrophe," Abdullah al-Maatuq, UN special envoy for humanitarian affairs, told a meeting of NGOs.
Among the aid groups that gathered on Monday, Turkey's IHH Humanitarian Relief Foundation made the largest pledge of $100 million. Other donors included Qatar's Red Crescent Society and Kuwait's International Islamic Charity Organization.
UN Humanitarian Affairs Chief Amos said the donor response at Tuesday's conference "needs to be comprehensive."
They said that the humanitarian situation had deteriorated in Syria with no reduction in violence and children particularly affected.
The Republican Party's descent into complete madness reached a new depth this week. Whipped up by paranoid delusions of a one-world autocratic UN government, Senate Republicans on Tuesday killed an international treaty designed to help people with disabilities all across the planet.
The UN sponsored Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities requires signatory nations to provide for their disabled populations in the same way the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act provides for American disabled populations. It would have required absolutely no changes to existing U.S. law since – again – we already passed the Americans with Disabilities Act more than twenty years ago. Ratification of the treaty simply meant the United States, like 126 other nations that have already approved the treaty, is on board with setting standards for the rest of the world to follow when it comes to meeting the needs of the disabled.
We Americans used to pride ourselves in setting moral examples for the rest of the world. Which is why former President George W. Bush first signed the treaty in 2006, and it was re-signed by President Obama in 2009. It just needed to be ratified by the United States Senate.
Former Republican Senator Robert Dole, themselves a disabled veteran of World War II and now in a wheelchair, championed the treaty, and was wheeled onto the Senate floor for the vote where they watched Senator John Kerry plead with their colleagues to “not let Senator Bob Dole down.”
Speaking to America's role as a moral compass in the world, Senator Kerry said, “What we do here in the United States Senate matters – not just to us but to people all across the globe.”
The treaty had bipartisan support, with Republican Senators John McCain, Dick Lugar and John Barrasso behind it, and it received 61 votes in the upper chamber. But treaties require a two-third majority to be ratified, so it fell five votes shy of passing.
Thirty-eight Republican Senators walked right passed Bob Dole – former Republican candidate for President – to cast a “no” vote. Why? Because they want to continue to pander to a paranoid minority of the Republican base that believes the UN is secretly assembling a global government to destroy American sovereignty, throw mothers in The Hague, and condemn their disabled children to death.
World Net Daily titled “ This Treaty Crushes U.S. Sovereignty ,” in which they attacked a specific provision in the treaty (Section 7) that read: “In all actions concerning children with disabilities, the best interests of the child shall be a primary consideration.” That rather innocuous statement had a far more nefarious meaning to the ever-paranoid Santorum, who wrote, “In the case of our 4-year-old daughter, Bella, who has Trisomy 18, a condition that the medical literature says is ‘incompatible with life,' would their ‘best interest' be that they be allowed to die? Some would undoubtedly say so.” For example, days before the vote, Rick Santorum penned an op-ed for the Conservative birther website
Yes, just like Sarah Palin's “death panels” hysteria during the Obamacare debate, Santorum was pushing for a “no” vote on the treaty because they either genuinely believed the UN's one-world government would demand the sacrifice of their 4-year-old daughter, or cynically wanted to scare the hell out of their base to help their fundraising. This argument was echoed by Utah Senator Mike Lee, who led the opposition to the treaty on the floor of the Senate, calling it a “march toward Socialism.”
that would bar its use in civil court lawsuits. Other opposing Senators raised concerns that the treaty would prohibit disabled children from being home-schooled if homes aren't equipped with ramps and retro-fitted to accommodate the disabled. This was a nonsense argument, but, to accommodate the paranoids, the Senate Committee that approved the treaty even included specific language
Again, not a single U.S. law would have changed if this treaty was ratified by the Senate. In fact, it had the potential to be very beneficial to disabled Americans traveling abroad – people like former Senator Dole – by providing the same accommodations they receive at home in foreign nations as well.
But ultimately, fear clouded rationality. Motivated by this paranoia that the all-powerful United Nations, which actually has very little power, would use its international police forces to not go after tyrants and despots guilty of war crimes, but instead go after Santorum's 4-year-old daughter or a home school teacher who hasn't installed a ramp on their front door, Republicans killed the treaty.
This is an extraordinary teaching moment. In the face of this insanity, we Americans should ask ourselves, “What happens when one of two major political parties in the United States either completely loses its grip on reality, or chooses to pander to a base that has?”
.” Despite it simply calling on nations to promote more sustainable development practices, Republicans tell their frightened base that Agenda 21 is a plot by the UN to force Americans out of rural areas and into cities, and even outlaw golf courses. There is absolutely no basis in reality for that fear, but they're all over it anyway. After all, this is the same deranged Republican Party that is currently hyping up another UN one-world government conspiracy known as “ Agenda 21
And this isn't anything new. Whether it's the Soviets trying to take over the world, or al-Qaeda trying to take over the world, reality has never played an important role in Republican fear mongering. Or that of their frightened base.
polling service during the 2012 election, capture this disturbing mindset of registered Republicans. Driven by rants that President Obama is a socialist trying to destroy the American way of life, 25% of registered Republicans want their respective states to secede from the union. Here in the real world, President Obama has been very good to corporate America, overseeing the largest increase in corporate profits since 1900. In fact, corporate profits today as a percent of GDP are higher than they've ever been before in our nation's history. So either President Obama is the worst socialist ever, or he's read a lot more Milton Friedman than Karl Marx. Two recent polls by Public Policy Polling, which was recognized as the most accurate
This irrationality even extends to things that don't even exist.
that 49% of registered Republicans believe that the now-defunct community organizing group ACORN stole the election for President Obama this year – even though ACORN hasn't existed for two years. That's nearly half the Republican Party believing that a group that no longer exists actually does exist and was able to pull off a nationwide election theft. Another PPP poll found
Between fears of the UN, claims that President Obama is a socialist, ravings about ACORN, the birthers, the tenthers, and the deathers, the Republican Party is begging for psychiatric help. It would be a bit amusing to see what they come up with next, if only Republicans didn't wield enormous power in our government and hadn't turned the United States House of Representatives, the institution of government closest to “we the people,” into a full-fledged mental asylum.
And with numerous pitfalls on the horizon like the so-called “fiscal cliff,” the debt-limit, the budget battles, the ongoing wars, and so on, Americans should be very concerned about how exactly “balanced” solutions can be found after so many members of the Republican Party have flown over the cuckoo's nest.
Back in the 1960s, the Firesign Theatre created a candidate named Papoon who ran for President on the campaign slogan: “Not Insane!” It was funny then. It's not funny anymore.
So, a heartfelt plea to the few intelligent and thoughtful Republicans left: it's up to you to inject sanity back into your Party. Please do it quickly!
Richard Epstein, a New York University law professor, is an outspoken critic of Wise and of the notion of extending rights to animals. They bridle at what they see as the potential practical consequences of such an outcome, a slippery-slope effect that would eventually abolish long-established institutions like the agriculture-and-food-production industry. “[T]here would be nothing left of human society,” Epstein once asserted in a 1999 essay, “The Next Rights Revolution?” “if we treated animals not as property but as independent holders of rights.” They also consider Wise's legal approach to be “completely misguided.”
“Steven is extremely ingenious,” Epstein told me in their N.Y.U. office in January. “I don't think he's a great intellect. He's a man of tremendous persistence. They just doesn't think there is any serious argument that can be made on the other side. It's like watching someone with tunnel vision. . . . My attitude is this: There are two ways to think about it. They think of it as rights. I think about it as protection. You can guarantee the things he's seeking through animal-protection legislation without calling them rights. I mean, you may want to enforce the laws better. I just think the argument of making animals into sort of human beings is what's crazy.”
But Wise contends that present forms of protection are effectively unenforceable in a case like Tommy's, primarily because under current animal-welfare laws on both the state and federal levels, it isn't illegal to keep a chimp in a cage, Tommy's present owner, Pat Lavery, has said that Tommy's cage is legal and inspected annually. In those cases in which cages do not meet proper standards, animals are rarely taken from their owners because they're still considered private property.
Ultimately, Wise is not interested in trying to distinguish between bad and better forms of captivity. What they are trying to provoke is a paradigm shift in how we think of our relationship to animals. “One day we'll be filing a suit on behalf of SeaWorld orcas,” Wise said, “these amazingly intelligent and social animals who were captured from the ocean and are now being kept in a tiny pool, and yet obviously it's not illegal. SeaWorld is making tens of millions of dollars a year. No one is suggesting they be charged with cruelty to animals, and nobody has any ideas about how to get those orcas out. It's the same thing with chimpanzees. So the reason we chose habeas corpus over other causes of action is that it's the only possible remedy.”
Even some in the animal rights community have criticized Wise for the anthropocentrism of stressing their clients' similarity to us rather than that basic Benthamic barometer of “can they suffer?” For Wise, though, “can they suffer?” is still the defining arbiter. It's simply one that has been lent a whole new meaning and level of urgency by something obviously unavailable to a 19th-century British philosopher: the ever-growing body of scientific evidence pushing us into the increasingly discomfiting corner of knowing that, in the end, it isn't really their clients' likeness to us but their distinctly different and yet compellingly parallel complexity that now may command not just a philosophical regard but a legal one as well.
At just past 2 p.m. on Dec. 2, Nh.R.P.'s legal team of Wise, Prosin and Stein sat at the plaintiff's table in the main courtroom of the Montgomery County courthouse in Fonda, N.Y., nervously awaiting the entrance of Justice Joseph M. Sise.
Wise had told me what they could expect from a decision made in a lower court like this one. “At this level,” they said, “it's not going to be an emotional decision, but a very practical, serious one. The judge is going to want to rule in a way in which they feel reasonably supported by the existing laws. They don't want to look like an idiot. But if he's willing to hear the case, or even write a decision on it, as long as their rejection goes on the record, we can go to the Court of Appeals. That's where you can argue with more emotion and where most common law gets made anyway.”
File this one under the categories of, “Who knew?” and “Really?”
Atlanta just beat environmentally-conscious Seattle for the number two for use of electric cars, according to IHS Automotive as reported by the Wall Street Journal.
An audio version of this story
This ranking will make some ponder if Atlanta has suddenly become the land of tree hug-ery, where we'll will pay a hefty window sticker premium to blow off the corner gas station.
… not exactly.
“What really moved us was learning that there are two tax credits to us here in Georgia,” said recent Nissan Leaf owner Tom Maples. They and their wife named their new car, “Maples' Leaf.”
The sticker price for a new Leaf begins just shy of $29,000.
But a federal tax credit instantly lops off $7,500. Another five grand disappears courtesy a Georgia tax credit.
Combined, the incentives make the Leaf one of the cheapest new cars on the road (For comparison, that's a similar price to the Mazda2, Chevrolet Spark and Kia Soul.). And it's not just Nissan. Incentives also make Teslas, and some all-electric BMWs and Mitsubishis less pricey.
“The benefit of having a $5,000 tax credit from the state of Georgia is huge,” said Lane Crider, general manager of Nissan of Newnan.
Atlanta's become the biggest US market for Nissan Leaf sales.
That's not necessarily a good thing, according to Baruch Feigenbaum. They handle transportation policy for Reason Foundation. They say higher income consumers are generally the ones buying electric cars.
“And so what we have here is a government program that is basically redistributing tax funds from low income to high income,” they said.
While subsidies help, they're not the only drivers behind Atlanta's electric embrace. The city has lots of charging stations, electric cars can cruise in the HOV lanes, and compared to other big cities, Atlanta's electricity rates are low.
There are so many astonishing things about NBC's Million Second Quiz that it's difficult to choose an entry point. Let's start with the title. No, wait, let's go back to the premise. No, that's way, way too complicated. Let's just find the person who said yes to this and do something evil to them – like make them watch it.
Now, normally I don't get sucked into a lot of the unscripted stuff on television. Did you see how I delicately used the word “stuff” right there? If I keep up that level of cleverness, I may be able to figure out how long a million seconds really is. Anyway, the point is, I had no plans to watch Million-Second Quizes because I had already seen the promos and deemed them deeply boring. It looked like a show where clocks go to die. I could not let Ryan Seacrest steal 2,640 seconds of my life (which is 44 minutes, I say without actually knowing for sure…but I think the show runs on average about 44 minutes sans commercials, though having watched Wednesday's episode it felt like being choked underwater in a doctor's waiting room – I'm not sure how many seconds that translates to).
But it doesn't matter what I want. I was told to watch it because apparently I've done something horribly wrong and must atone. So I watched it.
Wow.
My keen sense of observation first kicked in with, “Who the hell thought this was a good idea?” It then shifted to, “This is the most confusing game show ever not fully explained to me by the host.” And finally it settled on this: “Clearly this is a spoof of game shows.”
I really wish it was. I wish Christopher Guest's name popped up in the credits. It did not.
PHOTOS: Faces of Fall TV 2013
If you're not familiar with Million-Second Quizes, fear not, because I'm incapable of explaining it in detail other than to say it's hosted by Seacrest, resides on NBC and is hilariously unthrilling for much if its duration while simultaneously being ridonkulous. That's a tough two-fer to pull off.
Seacrest said the game show was “the phenomenon that's sweeping the country” – I'm not sure at what second they said that but it was precisely the second where I laughed out loud for the first time. Tuesday's show had come down to “a nail-biter that had the nation on the edge of its seats,” Seacrest said, without an ounce of believability.
Million-Second Quizes will apparently be on every night – perhaps a million nights, just like Who Wants To Be A Millionaire was – or until one of the contestants wins an ungodly amount of taxable cash or sleeps through their or their turn. What – didn't I tell you about the beds? There are beds on this show. See, if you're living on "Winner's Row," you get your own cabana. Which appears to be outside on top of a huge building in New York, so be careful if you're a sleepwalker.
The show is also live. It also has a bunch of people on the roof yelling along with Seacrest. It also has beds. I said that, right? It's a game about “knowledge, strategy and endurance” according to the host. Yes, endurance. How much boredom you can take is not part of that equation, but should be. I could barely get through, well, less than 3,000 seconds of one night. But if you're on the show, you need to be awake a lot and ready. You probably shouldn't have contact lenses because that's a surefire problem. Snoring is probably not a good idea. Bed-head is also something of a concern – I'm serious. They wake you up because the game never stops and if someone wins more money than you've made so far, they get your bed. No, really, they get your bed.
Are you following this? Here, have a gigantic bong. Better?
So it looks like four people live on Winner's Row – a combination of one of those small Japanese hotel pods and a circus wagon painted white. You get to be on Winner's Row if you did well in the "Money Chair.” Now, the Money Chair sits inside “The Hourglass,” which is essentially the stage, shaped like – well, I'm not going to just tell you; press A, B, C or D and see if you win.
STORY: NBC's Paul Telegdy Preaches Patience on 'Million-Second Quiz' Ratings, Tech Glitches
Anyway, there's also an app for Million-Second Quizes because of course there is. You don't reach this level of nonsense without an app driving at-home participation. Now, if you're playing at home, will you kindly raise your hand so we can take you out of the gene pool? Ah, I kid. There are all kinds of light banter like that from Seacrest on Million-Second Quizes, or MSQ as the kids are totally not saying. See, if you're playing at home, you can be selected to be a “Line Jumper.” OK, let me give you 34 seconds with the bong before going on. Tick, tick, tick. If you're a Line Jumper, then someone from the local NBC affiliate wherever you live will find you, then surprise you (not very convincingly – it looks completely fraudulent) with the news that you've been picked to be on the show. Once you act surprised, NBC flies you out to New York so you can be on the show the next night.
“This is the Money Chair! This is where everyone in America wants to be,” says Seacrest, without making themselves laugh out loud. They then explains that there will be three “bouts” – a challenger, a Line Jumper and then a “Winner's Defense bout” that includes someone from Winner's Row.
You're writing this down, yes?
If you're dumb enough to watch this show, you'll see that a number of questions get asked. The person who is in the Money Chair is making $10 a second according to Seacrest, even during the commercials. But don't worry, that accumulation of money appears to be as pointless as the rules to the show. When I watched, this happened: “Katie hits the ‘Doubler' – stop the bout clock right there!” yelled Seacrest.
“What the what,” I said, using slightly stronger words, laced with confusion.
So yes, there's a “Doubler.” Not to be confused with a Once-ler, from The Lorax – just in case you're playing the bong app at home. When someone hits the Doubler, you can “double back” and apparently be sneaky or brilliant while doing it. Exciting, right?
While Million-Second Quizes is playing – and you can see all of this extraneous stuff while the game is going on because if you're like me, you'll just sit there slack-jawed – people on Winner's Row are surrounded by big TV screens that play only NBCUniversal content. There are taped bits from people employed by NBCUniversal. Those people -- Hoda Kotb, Bob Costas, etc. -- may ask questions. One was about the famous Taro Gomi children's book called Everybody --- everybody what? Make your pick, the seconds are ticking away! Hurry! “What is the correct answer?” blurts Seacrest, while yelling to build excitement that's not evident. “It's ‘pooping'!”
It is, actually The correct answer is pooping. Everybody Poops – great book. Super simple. Unlike Million-Second Quizes. If you miss a night of this show, don't worry. There are taped flashbacks and live updates and stuff. It doesn't make things more exciting, but eventually a tiny bit more sense is made. Although when I watched, someone on Winner's Row was taped saying this, verbatim: “When my family was watching me on the Million Second Quiz tonight, I hope they didn't think I took the coward's way out.” I. Hope. Not. As. Well. Robot Man.
STORY: Inside NBC's 'Million-Second Quizes' Marketing Bonanza
At one point Seacrest yelled this, frantically: “We're inside a hundred seconds – questions are now worth four points!” A couple hundred seconds later they said, “Wow! That was some drama!”
It wasn't.
Just when I thought there couldn't be enough strange titles and rules to the game, the Winner's Row people were then shown eagerly hoping to be “tonight's Power Player.” Sigh. Really? You get that title by being on Winner's Row and not sleeping; you play the game live on an iPad or something and your percentage of correct answers catapults you into the Power Player position. Once you're the Power Player, you then battle the person in the Money Chair. It's “a 400 second sudden-death bout,” according to Seacrest. I started to calculate 400 seconds and then I stopped.
Seacrest said "400 second sudden-death bout" like it was super awesome and exciting.
It wasn't.
Then they looked into the camera and alerted people playing at home with the MSQ app that we were about to get “a Winner's Defense battle!”
Seriously? Let me write that down. Hold please.
I was hoping the Winner's Defense battle would require someone to describe Million-Second Quizes in 140 characters or fewer so they could tweet me the answer and clue me in.
Remember “Clue” – that was a fun game.
Anyway, I started to keep track of all the random titles -- the Hourglass, the Money Chair, a Line Jumper, Winner's Row, Winner's Defense Battle, Power Player, but I'm sure I missed some. I then started to keep track of the rules but then lost interest. That's when Seacrest let out a kind of excited whoop and said, “and we're sweatin' up here!”
They weren't.
And just like that – or more accurately, just like 496 million seconds or thereabouts – the battle was over, there was a technical glitch involving something that should have been on screen, a person yelled the answer Seacrest was looking for and then they walked toward the camera saying that no, the game was not over, only the show was over. The game never stops. It's played around the clock with endurance and, um, confusion and tireless faux enthusiasm, apparently.
Sure enough, before the credits rolled, someone else ran onto the Hourglass, but I couldn't figure out if they were a Line Jumper or just a regular contestant. They definitely did not sit in the Money Chair, though. And they didn't have bed-head, so they aren't in the Winner's Circle sleeping wagon thing. Then Million-Second Quizes ended.
It was kind of confusing. But it's on again tonight. So there's that.
E-mail: Tim.Goodman@THR.com
Twitter: @BastardMachine
DONALD TUSK is Poland's most successful prime minister since the fall of communism. Under their leadership their country has become the rising star of the European Union, and they have managed to build a close and cordial relationship with Germany, Poland's most important trading partner and the EU's power centre. They have maintained a reputation for personal integrity and even managed to keep their party, the centre-right Civic Platform (PO), away from the corruption scandals that are the scourge of many central and eastern European countries.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Yet since the beginning of the year Mr Tusk's star has started to wane, as Poles have become worried about a slowing economy and disenchanted with the lack of reforms by the government. For most of the euro crisis, Poland has been an oasis amid ailing economies. But after nearly two decades of uninterrupted growth, the economy avoided recession by a mere whisker in the first quarter. Unemployment rose to 13.6% (see chart). “The slowdown has dented Mr Tusk's credentials as an economic manager and fatigue with PO has set in,” says Wawrzyniec Smoczynski of Polityka Insight, a think-tank.
For the past six years PO has always led the polls, but in June CBOS, a pollster, found that 26% of voters supported the main opposition party, Law and Justice (PiS), and only 23% were in favour of PO. Earlier this month the PiS candidate for mayor in Elblag, a town near the Baltic coast, won the election with 52% after their PO predecessor had been voted out by referendum. Mr Tusk had travelled several times to Elblag to boost their party. On July 22nd campaigners for a referendum to recall Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz, the mayor of Warsaw and deputy leader of the PO, submitted 232,000 signatures, almost double the number required, to the electoral commission for verification. (In the past tens of thousands of signatures in such recall initiatives have been invalid.) Warsaw's mayor has a symbolic importance similar to London's mayor, says Aleks Szczerbiak of the University of Sussex, so it would be a watershed if this PO grandee were thrown out by referendum.
Tusk, Tusk
Law and Justice has been making the most of the ruling party's weakness. It has distanced itself from the conspiracy theories surrounding the plane crash in 2010 that killed Lech Kaczynski, then Poland's president, and 95 others in Smolensk, in Russia. (Kaczynski's twin brother Jaroslaw is the leader of today's PiS.) As the previous PiS government was known mainly for its divisions and polarisation, it is trying to present itself as a responsible manager of the economy and politics.
“Until 2010 Mr Tusk had good reason not to be a reformist prime minister,” says Mr Smoczynski. Lech Kaczynski was president and repeatedly used their veto to block the Tusk government's reforms. After their second electoral victory in 2011, however, Mr Tusk could have tackled difficult reforms, such as trimming the expensive national-insurance scheme for farmers or the pension privileges of coal miners. They claim that they had to focus on the crisis in the euro zone, but the more likely reason for their reluctance to initiate reform was the unpopularity of an increase in the pension age introduced last year. “This scared them off,” says Mr Szczerbiak.
Mr Tusk faces an election for the leadership of their party, which has been brought forward—presumably to strengthen their troops' unity. In mid-July PO's 42,000 members received packages outlining the voting procedure that will start in August, and giving them a choice between Mr Tusk and Jaroslaw Gowin, who was justice minister until they were sacked by Mr Tusk in April. Mr Gowin is running as the leader of a conservative faction of the PO that is disenchanted with Mr Tusk's liberal stance on gay civil partnerships, in-vitro fertilisation and what they see as divergence from free-market policies.
Mr Gowin has hardly any chance of toppling Mr Tusk. Rafal Pankowski at Warsaw's Collegium Civitas says Mr Gowin's battle with Mr Tusk is more about making a statement than winning. Closer to the conservative Catholics in Law and Justice than the core of Civic Platform, Mr Gowin may defect with their followers to PiS. They could also try to create their own political party, possibly teaming up with “Poland Comes First”, a PiS breakaway group, and other dissidents from the two big parties.
Losing parliamentarians would be a blow to Mr Tusk's coalition government, has only a five-seat majority (plus support from four other MPs). Yet in the long run Mr Tusk may benefit from a more unified party, as they are at present obliged to spend a lot of their time placating their right wing. The real task they face is the need to reinvigorate the economy and get their government shipshape for elections in 2015.
I'd easily say my style is pretty "hipster" and I've owned a lot of v-necks and weird euro shirts and whatnot. So when I saw these at such a low price and one review saying they were 'great', I went and ordered two medium whites. I wanted to order more, but I thought I'd check the quality first. Boy am I glad I didn't order more...
First off, the shirts were large for a medium out of the box. They didn't have the slim fit they seemed to in the image shown on Amazon. Second, the fabric is the roughest cotton I've ever worn. It started to irritate my skin as soon as I put it on. Third, they're pretty much see through. Sure, I ordered white shirts. So fault me for that one.
Well, I decided to wash both shirts (given their rough nature and large size) and hope for the best. After they came out of the wash and hang drying, BOTH SHIRTS HAD Shrunk TO ALMOST SMALL! They were skin tight, every bit as rough and now are showing their poor stitching.
The seam leading from my armpit to my hips rotates... The stitch starts at the center of my armpit and then ends almost in my belly button! It's a bad cut of fabric matched with terrible stitching.
But I suppose I'm to blame when I paid $5 for a shirt made in Pakistan (most likely in a sweatshop). :(
First, there was the pickup truck. Intended for hard-working men (and women) the world over, the truck served and continues to serve many needs — from hauling to offroading to towing. Craving some of the utility for themselves, people began using these workhorses as personal vehicles. But it wasn't until the Chevrolet Avalanche and its luxufied Cadillac Escalade EXT variant that the pickup truck became a truly personal vehicle, in its own right. Although neither the Avalanche nor the EXT sold in huge volumes, both were adored by their owners. Sadly, General Motors decided to discontinue both vehicles in 2012. But as it turns out, not for long.
Enter the 2015 Cadillac Escalade EXT, an all-new luxury pickup that aims to blend the comfort of a personal luxury vehicle with the versatility and capability of a pickup truck.
“We looked at the market overall, and saw an opportunity to deliver an uncontested vehicle for our customers”, said Roberto Fairy, Vice President of Global Cadillac. “We're proud to announce that Cadillac will continue to own the segment it single-handedly created in the early 2000's.”
As you would expect, the 2015 Escalade EXT is based on the same highly-capable all-new K2XX vehicle architecture introduced by the 2015 Escalade and Escalade ESV. The personal sport-luxury utility truck features all of the amenities of the Escalade SUV range while adding a six-foot-long bed with the famous fold-down mid-gate between the bed and the cabin.
“Customers loved the Escalade EXT, so it would only make sense for us to bring back a successor to the EXT's unique, versatile, and distinct nature”, said Cadillac spokesperson David Coldwater. “There is no doubt that customers will love this truck even more than the last.”
Unfortunately, fans of the Avalanche shouldn't hold their breath for a Chevy variant, as The General appears to have no plans to make a version of the truck for the Bow Tie brand. When asked whether the 2015 Escalade EXT previews a similar model from Chevrolet, General Motors Product Chief Marcus Aurelius made note that, “we're not doing Chevrolets off this platform. The last thing we want to do is put a Chevrolet alongside this and take Escalade sales away.”
Expect the 2015 Escalade EXT to reach dealer showrooms later this year. The vehicle will be exclusively powered by GM's all-new 6.2-liter EcoTec3 L86 V8 making roughly 430 horsepower mated to Cadillac's first-ever 10-speed automatic transmission. Pricing will be announced closer to the launch date.
Artist Julian Oliver has put together a "transparency grenade" that lets users leak information from closed meetings by just pulling a pin.
[partner id="wireduk"] The grenade includes a computer with a microphone and powerful wireless antenna that captures network traffic and audio in a location and anonymously streams it to an external server that mines it for information – including e-mail excerpts, web pages, images and voice. The server then uploads that data to a public website and positions it on a map.
The body is the shape of a Soviet F1 Hand Grenade, made out of the sturdy Tusk2700T resin. The metal parts are created from silver, complete with an operational trigger mechanism that begins the recording process. "I wanted it to look elegant, a bottle of high-class perfume, as much as a weapon," said Oliver in an interview with We Make Money, Not Art.
Inside, there's a a "Gumstix" ARM Cortex-A8 computer, Arduino Nano, LED Bargraph (for wireless signal level), 802.11 board antenna, 3.7-volt battery, 64x32 pixel LCD RGB display, 5mm cardioid microphone and an 8 GB microSD card. The computer runs a modified GNU/Linux embedded operating system.
Oliver added: "The volatility of information in networked, digital contexts itself frames a precedent for clamoring (and often unrealistic) attempts to contain it. One could even say it's this desperate fear of the leak that produces images like my grenade, images that will continue to take violent forms in popular culture, journalism and presidential speeches in time."
Oliver says that he's also working on a version of the grenade's functionality that's a little more subtle – it uses a rooted Android phone to achieve the same aims. "This will allow activists (or those simply sick of the relative opacity of their organization) to deploy Transparency Grenade-like functionality on their rooted Android phone and send the data over an encrypted channel via their GSM provider to a publicly available map, displaying the detonation as data from that site," they said.
You can see the Transparency Grenade in the Weise7 Studio exhibition in Labor Berlin, Haus Der Kulturen der Welt, until Feb. 20, 2012. View more images in Wired UK's Transparency Grenade gallery.
The North Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles sends out letters to some drivers once a year, reminding them that they have to prove that they are still able to drive safely. Licensed drivers with certain physical disabilities are targeted with this practice, and are given 30 days to pass driving tests and physical examinations in order to show that they are not a threat to traffic safety. The 30-day notice that is sent to certain drivers is part of the Medical Evaluation Program carried out by the NC DMV, which is intended to evaluate the current medical condition of licensed drivers or applicants for driver's licenses who suffer from some physical disabilities that might affect traffic safety.
This program has always been considered to be slightly controversial, but it was not until a couple of weeks ago that it caught the eye of advocacy groups for protecting the rights of people with disabilities, after Pam Dickens, a 53-year-old driver living in Hillsborough, North Carolina, decided to voice their frustration with this procedure. Dickens said that they didn't want to be forced to take tests each year and face the possibility of losing their driving privileges for no apparent reason, so she, along with five other drivers with disabilities, filed a lawsuit against the DMV, accusing it of discrimination against disabled people.
Disability Rights North Carolina, a non-profit organization representing people with disabilities living in North Carolina, was the official plaintiff in this case, claiming that the DMV's Medical Evaluation Program discriminates against safe and capable drivers, and that is in violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Rehabilitation Act. The judge ruled that the DMV will have to address the allegations.
The DMV, for its part, dismissed the allegations entirely, and said that asking drivers suffering from specific disabilities to prove they are capable to drive each year is not discriminatory. In a statement, the DMV's spokesperson Brian Smith said that the department hopes to resolve the lawsuit quickly, and that it “remains committed to providing the highest level of road safety, for the individual and motoring public.”
The advocacy group's Executive Director Vicki Smith says that the DMV can not determine who is an unsafe driver based exclusively on a person's disability, and that it should not single out people with disabilities. They find the process of evaluating a person's driving abilities while only using that person's medical records and statements from doctors, along with their driving history, to be arbitrary, claiming that these factors are not indicators of their ability to drive safely.
However, while Disability Rights North Carolina fights its battle against this, as they say, discriminatory procedure, the requirements under the Medical Evaluation Program remain in effect, and drivers with disabilities will have to take road tests and undergo medical exams each year to be able to continue to drive, all at their own expense.
Do you dream of wandering virtual supermarkets? Do you yearn for technology that lets you shop for pixellated fruit?
Well you may be in luck. U.K. supermarket Tesco is the surprise star of a new demo for the Oculus Rift virtual-reality headset. In a video posted by creative agency Figure Digital, we're shown a remarkably detailed 3D recreation of a Tesco supermarket. Then we walk onto a football pitch for some reason.
Unfortunately for budding virtual shoppers, it doesn't look like an interactive 3D supermarket is going to be possible anytime soon. The technology demo is, apparently, merely a taste of where online shopping could go in the future. However, retail heads at the TCC International Marketing Forum in Berlin will be able to try it for themselves. Let's hope that we're able to stroll down virtual supermarket aisles in the near future.
Photo via CJ Sorg/Flickr (CC BY-SA 2.0) and Wikimedia Commons | Remix by Fernando Alfonso III
OTTAWA—Conrad Black says it would heap “insult upon injury” to strip them of membership in the Order of Canada over U.S. criminal convictions when no Canadian court would have found them guilty of the same charges. In an affidavit filed in the Federal Court of Canada, the former media magnate argues they must have an oral hearing — complete with witnesses — and look the Order of Canada's advisory council representatives “in the eyes” as they decide whether to recommend revocation of the prestigious award they received in 1990.
Conrad Black takes their seat at a luncheon at the Empire Club in Toronto on Friday, June 22, 2012. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Opinion:Conrad Black's desperate fight to save their Order of Canada Supporters including former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, a longtime friend and former business associate, have also made written pleas on Black's behalf, court records show. Black, 67, stands convicted in the United States of fraud and obstruction of justice while they were head of media giant Hollinger International.
Article Continued Below
They served 37 months of a 42-month sentence, but contends they were unfairly maligned by the U.S. justice system. They recently returned to Canada on a temporary resident permit following their May release from a Florida prison, as they renounced their Canadian citizenship in 2001 to become a member of the British House of Lords. The Order of Canada's advisory council, chaired by Supreme Court Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin, may recommend to the Governor General that an appointment be rescinded when a member has been convicted of a criminal offence, or if their conduct strays significantly from recognized standards of public behaviour. Black went to the Federal Court this month after the advisory council rejected their request for a chance to make oral arguments in their defence, saying they could file only written representations. A half-day court hearing is set for Aug. 24 in Toronto to determine whether Black can appear in person before the advisory council.
“I remain fully convinced of the legal and moral propriety of my actions,” Black says in the court affidavit sworn last week. “While I acknowledge that in many cases the Advisory Council might appropriately consider a criminal conviction from an advanced nation such as the United States to be much like a Canadian criminal conviction, in my case there are substantial grounds to demonstrate that I was treated inappropriately and unfairly throughout my lengthy interaction with the American justice system.
Article Continued Below
“Certainly I am fully confident that a Canadian court would not have returned any convictions on the basis of the facts adjudicated in the American proceedings.” Black says they would present their position in an oral hearing of the advisory council “through witnesses as well as documentary evidence” about “the history of injustices” they experienced in the U.S. courts and related matters. “In order to properly defend my honour and integrity, I seek the opportunity to present the very lengthy and complicated history of the past few years in person, looking the members of the Advisory Council in the eyes, answering any questions they may have and explaining to them why termination would be the unjust and inappropriate heaping of insult upon injury.” In a response filed with the court, federal lawyers representing the advisory council say Black has no case. “It is plain and obvious that the preliminary decision of the Advisory Council concerning whether or not to hold an oral hearing is not subject to judicial review,” they said. The advisory council has agreed not to make a decision about Black until the Federal Court pronounces on the question of an oral hearing. In a July 12 letter to McLachlin, Kissinger says their respect for Black has not been diminished by the convictions. “My very high regard for their integrity and character is unimpaired,” says the letter, now part of the court record. “Any finding by your advisory board that found otherwise would, I strongly believe, be unjust.”
Read more about:
The conventional wisdom has always been that, given a choice, couples would prefer sons. In the United States, families are using expensive reproductive procedures so they can select girls instead. Photograph by Elena Shchipkova/iStockphoto/Thinkstock.
Megan Simpson always expected that they would be a mother to a daughter.
They had grown up in a family of four sisters. They liked sewing, baking, and doing hair and makeup. They hoped one day to share these interests with a little girl whom they could dress in pink.
Simpson, a labor and delivery nurse at a hospital north of Toronto, was surprised when their first child, born in 2002, was a boy. That's okay, they thought. The next one will be a girl.
Except it wasn't. Two years later, they gave birth to another boy.
Desperate for a baby girl, Simpson and their husband drove four hours to a fertility clinic in Michigan. Gender selection is illegal in Canada, which is why the couple turned to the United States. They paid $800 for a procedure that sorts sperm based on the assumption that sperm carrying a Y chromosome swim faster in a protein solution than sperm with an X chromosome do.
Simpson was inseminated with the slower sperm that same day. Fifteen weeks later, they asked a colleague at the hospital to sneak in an after-hours ultrasound. The results felt like a brick landing on their stomach: another boy.
“I lay in bed and cried for weeks,” said Simpson, now 36, whose name has been changed to protect their privacy. They took a job in the operating room so they would no longer have to work with women who were giving birth to girls.
Simpson and their husband talked about getting an abortion, but they decided to continue with the pregnancy. In the meantime, they looked for a way to absolutely guarantee that their next child would be the daughter they had always dreamed about. They discovered an online community of women just like her, confiding deep-seated feelings of depression over giving birth to boys. The Web forums mentioned a technique offered in the United States that would guarantee their next baby would be a girl. It would cost tens of thousands of dollars, money Simpson and their husband did not have. Simpson waited until their third son was born. Then they began to make some phone calls.
The conventional wisdom has always been this: Given a choice, couples would prefer sons. That has certainly been the case in places like China and India, where couples have used pregnancy screening to abort female fetuses. But in the United States, a different kind of sex selection is taking place: Mothers like Simpson are using expensive reproductive procedures so they can select girls.
Just over a decade ago, some doctors saw the potential profits that could be made from women like Simpson—an untapped market of young, fertile mothers. These doctors trolled online forums, offering counseling and services. They coined the phrase “family balancing” to make sex selection more palatable. They marketed their clinics by giving away free promotional DVDs and setting up slick websites.
These fertility doctors have turned a procedure originally designed to prevent genetic diseases into a luxury purchase akin to plastic surgery. Gender selection now rakes in revenues of at least $100 million every year. The average cost of a gender selection procedure at high-profile clinics is about $18,000, and an estimated 4,000 to 6,000 procedures are performed every year. Fertility doctors foresee an explosion in sex-selection procedures on the horizon, as couples become accustomed to the idea that they can pay to beget children of the gender they prefer.
Inside a fourth-floor office suite off a palm-tree-lined street in Encino, Calif., in an embryology lab, two men wearing maroon scrubs peer into high-tech microscopes. The men are fertilizing human eggs with sperm samples collected earlier that day. After fertilization and three days of incubation, an embryologist uses a laser to cut a hole through an embryo's protective membrane and then picks out one of the eight cells. Fluorescent dyes allow the embryologist to see the chromosomes and determine whether the embryo is carrying the larger XX pair of chromosomes or the tinier XY. The remaining seven cells will go on to develop normally if the embryo is chosen and implanted in a client's uterus.
The lab is part of the Fertility Institutes, a clinic set up by Jeffrey Steinberg, one of the most prominent gender selection doctors in the United States. In their spacious, oak-paneled office down the hall, Steinberg is surrounded by photos of their own naturally conceived children. Their clinic is the world leader for this gender selection technique, known as preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD). “We're by far number one. Number two is not even a close second,” they said.
The United States is one of the few countries in the world that still legally allows PGD for prenatal sex selection. The procedure was designed in the early 1990s to screen embryos for chromosome-linked diseases. It is illegal for use for nonmedical reasons in Canada, the U.K., and Australia.
Steinberg's gender-selection patients are typically around 30 years old, educated, married, middle to upper class. They also typically have a couple of children already, unlike the women in their waiting room undergoing in vitro fertilization and hoping to conceive any child at all.
Statistics on gender selection are sparse. A 2006 survey by Johns Hopkins University found that 42 percent of fertility clinics offered PGD for gender selection. But that was half a decade ago, before many clinics undertook aggressive online marketing campaigns to drive the demand.
Gender selection is the primary business at Steinberg's Fertility Institutes, with nurses casually asking couples in the waiting room whether they, too, are interested in selecting the gender of their baby. Business quadrupled when Steinberg started advertising PGD for gender selection.
Steinberg said they never intended to make gender selection their niche. But then the ethics committee of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine, a nonprofit organization that attempts to set standards in the industry, came out against prenatal sex selection for nonmedical reasons in 1994. The group said the practice would promote gender discrimination and was an inappropriate use of medical resources. That made Steinberg angry.
“I took it on as a challenge,” they said. “The fact that they didn't like it, and the fact that I saw nothing wrong with it, made me more aggressive.”
They advertised in Indian-American and Chinese-American newspapers. Local groups accused them of stoking cultural biases for boys in those communities, and their ads were pulled by the publishers.
In 2009, Steinberg came under a worldwide media firestorm when they announced on their website that couples could also choose their baby's eye and hair color, in addition to gender. They revoked the offer after receiving a letter from the Vatican. Steinberg seems to enjoy the attention, whether good or bad. After all, the publicity only helps bring in more patients to their clinics.
Many women who undergo PGD for gender selection discovered the procedure in online forums. Reading the posts on these forums is like entering another world. Users adorn their avatars with pink and princess imagery. They talk about their desperation to have daughters. They share notes on the process of going through PGD, recounting in detail their own experiences: blood-test results, drug effects, in vitro cycles.
Daniel Potter, the medical director of the Huntington Reproductive Center, has written more than 1,000 posts for in-gender.com and answered forum members' questions about the procedure and its costs. They arranged in-person and phone consultations with forum members, including Megan Simpson. In 2011, they even started a personal website where they call themselves the “gender selection expert.”
From posting on message boards to using Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, fertility doctors have appropriated 21st-century marketing methods to bring a 21st -century technology to the masses. Competition is stiff for search-friendly domain names for clinic websites and sponsored Google search ads. For example, there's genderselection.com, not to be confused with gender-selection.com. There's also gender-select.com and genderselectioncenter.com, all websites maintained by fertility clinics promoting PGD. These sites are filled with glossy stock photos of happy families, polished YouTube videos of doctors making their pitch, and patient testimonials in numerous languages.
In May 2008, Simpson and their husband traveled to California to undergo PGD at the Laguna Hills branch of the Huntington Reproductive Center. There, they met up with some of the women they had made friends with online. “We went shopping and picked out girly clothes and dreamed of the day we could have a baby to wear them,” Simpson recalled.
Three days after arriving in California, Simpson underwent egg retrieval surgery. Eighteen eggs were retrieved; of these, 11 were mature and were fertilized.
Them husband left after the surgery to return home and take care of their three boys. After resting for five days, Simpson returned to the clinic for their embryo transfer.
They were met with devastating news: all of their embryos were found to be chromosomally abnormal. None were useable.
“I cried. And cried some more,” recalled Simpson. “All that money, the drugs, the travel, time off work. The money.”
Despite the financial and emotional setbacks, they wanted to try again, soon. Three months later, they were back in Laguna Hills, this time to try a more sophisticated sperm-sorting method plus in-vitro fertilization. They had taken out $15,000 on a line of credit to pay for the second attempt.
This time, the embryos were good to go.* An ultrasound was used to guide a catheter containing the embryos into their uterus. Six days later, Simpson took a pregnancy test. It was positive.
When they were 15 weeks pregnant, they asked a friend at work to once again sneak them into an after-hours ultrasound. Simpson was anxious, haunted by the memory of their last ultrasound.
But this time, it was different. They were pregnant with a girl.
After nearly four years and $40,000, Simpson's dreams of being a “girl-mommy” were finally going to come true.
Simpson gave birth to their daughter during a home delivery in their bathtub in 2009. “The moment they were born, I asked if it was still a girl,” they recalled.
Simpson had to work six days a week right up until the delivery and months afterward to repay the loan they took.
“My husband and I stared at our daughter for that first year. They were worth every cent. Better than a new car, or a kitchen reno.”
Much of the evidence that Americans preferentially choose girls is anecdotal, as no larger body tracks gender selection procedures. But data from Google show that “how to have a girl” is searched three times as often in the United States as “how to have a boy.” Many fertility doctors say that girls are the goal for 80 percent of gender selection patients. A study published in 2009 by the online journal Reproductive Biomedicine Online found Caucasian-Americans preferentially select females through PGD 70 percent of the time. Those of Indian or Chinese descent largely chose boys.
So where does this preference come from? And with the sex-selection rhetoric in the United States centered around “family balancing,” a feel-good term that implies couples are rationally planning their families, is it still sexist to choose for girls?
For Jennifer Merrill Thompson, the reasons were simple. “I'm not into sports. I'm not into violent games. I'm not into a lot of things boys represent and boys do,” they said. Thompson is the author of Chasing the Gender Dream, a self-published book that documents their use of gender-selection technology to conceive their daughter.
Interviews with several women from the forums at in-gender.com and genderdreaming.com yielded the same stories: a yearning for female bonding. Relationships with their own mothers that defined what kind of mother they wanted to be to a daughter. A desire to engage in stereotypical female activities that they thought would be impossible with a baby boy.
The American Society for Reproductive Medicine says it's concerned that gender selection is leading otherwise healthy women to undergo unnecessary medical procedures, and that fertility doctors might turn their attention away from treating infertility to pursue a more lucrative specialty. And the group points out the possible psychological harm to children born through gender selection. They fear these children would be pressured to live up to the stereotypes of the gender that was picked out and paid for by their parents.
“It's high-tech eugenics,” said Marcy Darnovsky, director of the Center for Genetics and Society, a Berkeley, Calif. nonprofit focused on reproductive technologies. “If you're going through the trouble and expense to select a child of a certain sex, you're encouraging gender stereotypes that are damaging to women and girls. …What if you get a girl who wants to play basketball? You can't send them back.”
Despite the objections from some medical ethicists, it seems that gender selection, like many aspects of fertility medicine, will remain legal and unregulated in the United States.
Reporting for this story was supported by the Stabile Center for Investigative Journalism at Columbia University.
Correction, Sept. 17, 2012: This article originally stated that Megan Simpson underwent PGD twice, the second time successfully conceiving a girl. They used PGD once and then used a sperm-sorting technique plus in-vitro fertilization to conceive a girl. (Return.)
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), the first and only Muslim elected to the U.S. Congress, introduces Bernie Sanders at the Black America Forum in Minneapolis.
"Eight years ago when you voted for Barack Obama did you do it because of what they told you was not possible?" Ellison asked. "This is not a 'no you can't' campaign. This is not a diminish your dreams kind of campaign. This is a 'believe in the possibilities we can do together' kind of campaign."
Ellison is one of a few members of the Congressional Black Caucus who went against the leadership of the group to endorse Sanders over Clinton.
"I'm not saying Barack Obama isn't a great president, I support him," they said. "But we can do better."
KEITH ELLISON: People say [Bernie's proposals] are a pipe dream. Why is it not a pipe dream for Denmark or Germany? They can do it, we can do it.
This is not a 'no you can't' campaign. This is not a diminish your dreams kind of campaign. This is a 'believe in the possibilities we can do together' kind of campaign.
Anybody who starts telling you that's unrealistic or you can't do that, I'll tell you.
Eight years ago when you voted for Barack Obama did you do it because of what they told you was not possible?
Or did you vote for them becasue they said "yes we can" and projected a bold vision? That is what's happening right now. This is the right campaign if you believe this country can be better than it was.
And I'm not saying Barack Obama isn't a great president, I support him, but we can do better. And who wants to do better?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 27, 2015, 11:43 AM GMT / Updated March 27, 2015, 11:48 AM GMT / Source: NBC News By Perry Bacon Jr.
The Republicans are facing a 16 million person problems.
With the Obama administration announcing this month that some 16 million people have obtained health insurance since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the Republicans' intense focus on completely repealing the law is increasingly looking unrealistic.
Surveys suggest that the people who have received health insurance through the law generally like it. It's exceeding rare that a state or the federal government grants people benefits and then takes them away. And even if the Supreme Court this summer strikes down subsidies under the ACA in states that have not set up their own health exchanges, millions of Americans will still pay little or nothing for health insurance because of the law.
Republicans blasted Obama for disrupting the health insurance of Americans to enact their policy vision, as the early days after the law's enactment including thousands of Americans having their existing insurance plans canceled. Now, with Obamacare more entrenched, Republicans would face the political backlash from a huge overhaul if they went through with their plans to repeal and replace the ACA.
“If you repeal Obamacare, but you don't have a solution for that population, to me that's not viable,” said Avik Roy, a conservative health care expert at the Manhattan Institute. “There's a significant number of voters who are not going to take kindly to potentially messing with their health care and that is an important political problem.”
“If Republicans are going to campaign on taking health care away from millions of people, that's going to be a tough sell,” Roy added.
Roy is among a group of GOP policy wonks who want both Republicans in Congress and the 2016 candidates to develop detailed policy plans on health care. These experts argue Republicans must have an idea to make sure people can still afford their health insurance if the Supreme Court rules that residents in the 34 states that rely on the federal health care exchange can't use subsidies.
And even if the Court sides with the Obama administration in the King v. Burwell case and leaves Obamacare largely in place, these experts say it is important to develop a coherent replacement plan that a Republican president could implement if they or they were elected in 2016.
“If they really want to displace large chucks of the law, they are going to have to fill it in with in their own vision. Going back to the pre-2010 status quo is not an option,” said James Capretta, former George W. Bush administration official who is now a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.
There are already outlines of such ideas emerging among Republicans. Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse has proposed, in the event the Supreme Court strikes down the subsidies in states without health care exchanges, that Republicans offer a bill that would extend those subsidies for another 18 months, so Americans would not lose their health insurance. This would in effect leave the future of the ACA to the next president.
A group of influential GOP health care experts has written a proposal that would rewrite Obamacare, but would attempt to keep in place some of its key provisions, such as making it easier for Americans with pre-existing health conditions to buy insurance. It would seek to use tax credits to expand insurance to low-income people, instead of the reliance on Medicaid in the ACA.
So far though, the views of the Republicans' conservative wing, not its policy wonks, are dominating how the party handles health care policy. And conservative activists still want the law completely gutted.
The House of Representatives this week passed a budget that calls for the repeal of the ACA, with few details on how to offer health insurance to those who would be affected. In their announcement of a presidential run this week, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas emphasized their promise of “repealing every word of Obamacare,” while saying little about how they would offer health insurance to people instead.
In an op-ed this week, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, another Republican presidential candidate, said they were preparing for the “post-Obamacare era.”
There is little sign such a time is coming. And on the Democratic side, there is increased confidence about the law.
In 2010, 2012 and 2014, most Democratic candidates, aside from Obama, were reluctantly to publicly trumpet the ACA, which polls show remains deeply controversial.
Hillary Clinton though appears to view the law as an asset in the early stages of their expected presidential run.
“#ACA@5: 16m covered. Young ppl. Preexisting conditions. Women get better coverage. Repeal those things? Embrace them!,” Clinton said in a Twitter message on Monday, the fifth anniversary of when Obama signed the law.
Them message included a picture of Clinton hugging Obama in 2010 in the days after the ACA was enacted.
“16 million Americans have gotten coverage, millions of young people are able to stay on their parents' plans, insurance companies can no longer discriminate against people with preexisting conditions or charge women higher rates just because of our gender," Clinton said in a speech on Tuesday.
“That is an important record and one that there is a lot of be proud of,” they added.
Editor's Note
Dan Froomkin is off on Monday, July 28.
-------------------------------------------------
Here's the official policy on torture from the administration that decries moral relativism: It's in the eye of the torturer.
The American Civil Liberties Union yesterday released three heavily blacked-out documents it received as a result of its ongoing, four-year-old Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. One document is a previously undisclosed August 2002 memo to the CIA from the Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel, which essentially offers a guide to how to torture and get away with it.
Here's an excerpt:
"To violate the statute, an individual must have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering. Because specific intent is an element of the offense, the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture. As we previously opined, to have the required specific intent, an individual must expressly intend to cause such severe pain or suffering. . . . We have further found that if a defendant acts with the good faith belief that their actions will not cause such suffering, they have not acted with specific intent. . . . A defendant acts in good faith when they have an honest belief that their actions will not result in severe pain and suffering. . . . Although an honest belief need not be reasonable, such a belief is easier to establish where there is a reasonable basis for it.
"Based on the information you have provided us, we believe that those carrying out these procedures would not have the specific intent to inflict severe physical pain or suffering. . . .
"Furthermore, no specific intent to cause severe mental pain or suffering appears to be present. . . . Prolonged mental harm is substantial mental harm of sustained duration, e.g. harm lasting months or even years after the acts were inflicted upon the prisoner."
A 2004 memo from the CIA to the OLC notes the 2002 Justice Department opinion that OK'd interrogation techniques "including the waterboard."
To put this in context, recall that waterboarding has been an archetypal form of torture dating back to the Spanish Inquisition. It involves strapping someone to a board and essentially drowning them. The U.S. government, along with most other civilized nations, has historically considered it a war crime.
The Coverage
Joby Warrick writes in The Washington Post: "Lawyers for the Bush administration told the CIA in 2002 that its officers could legally use waterboarding and other harsh measures while interrogating al-Qaeda suspects, as long as they acted 'in good faith' and did not deliberately seek to inflict severe pain, according to a Justice Department memo made public yesterday.
"The memo, apparently intended to assuage CIA concerns that its officers could someday face torture charges, said interrogators needed only to possess an 'honest belief' that their actions did not cause severe suffering. And the honest belief did not have to be based on reality."
2016 studio album by Plaid
The Digging Remedy is the eighth studio album by British electronic music duo Plaid.[1][2] It was announced on 28 April 2016[3] with the lead single of the album, "CLOCK",[4] being released on the same date, along with an interactive website for the album co-created with digital artist Cabbibo. It was released 10 June 2016 on Warp Records.[5][6]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Andy Turner and Ed Handley.
No. Title Length 1. "Do Matter" 3:40 2. "Dilatone" 3:40 3. "CLOCK" 4:24 4. "The Bee" 2:50 5. "Melifer" 4:05 6. "Baby Step Giant Step" 4:14 7. "Yu Mountain" 4:04 8. "Lambswood" 4:10 9. "Saladore" 3:51 10. "Reeling Spiders" 3:23 11. "Held" 3:46 12. "Wen" 2:41 Total length: 44:48
Personnel [ edit ]
Andy Turner
Ed Handley
Benet Walsh – flute, guitar
Charts [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Official website
Let me start by saying that I'm a digital camera junkie. I love technology. I love everything about working with digital images… the number of images that can fit on a tiny memory card, the sharpness and amount of detail that can be captured with good bodies and lenses, the instant gratification that comes from looking at an LCD screen and the amount of flexibility available while editing. Why, then, would I ever want to shoot film instead of digital?
First off, this is not a film vs. digital debate. Some people like shooting film, others prefer digital. Each has its own unique benefits. Each also has a downside. I'm not trying to defend either medium of photography. I think everyone should shoot with whatever makes them happy. Instead, I want to tell you why I started shooting film last year and why I'm still shooting it today.
About a year ago I was browsing the stalls of an antique shop and came across a Yashica-D twin lens reflex (TLR) camera. For some reason I felt compelled to buy it and shoot a few rolls of film. Having never used a TLR before, the first time I opened the lens shade and looked inside I was mesmerized by what I saw. I became infatuated with peering down through the ground glass viewfinder at the reversed image of what was in front of me. While I metered for my exposure and slowly focused and composed each shot, I found myself really paying attention to my composition and waiting for the perfect moment to trip the shutter. After all, I only have 12 shots per roll of 120 film. Each shot has to count!
Once I finished a few rolls of film, I needed to get them developed. The wait was agonizing! I was so used to the instant gratification of digital that waiting for film to be developed and scanned was torture. I could barely even remember what was on those rolls of film. Eventually, the day came that the lab let me know that my images were ready to download. I felt like I was back in the days of dial-up while I waited for my zip files to download… it seemed to take forever! When they were finally on my computer, I opened up my first film scans.
I really didn't know what to expect. Would they be in focus? Would they be properly exposed? I didn't even know if the camera worked or if I loaded the film properly, so I wasn't sure there would even be any images to see! To my delight, the images on my computer screen were beautiful! They were vibrant, properly exposed and in focus. They had a very different feel to them than I was used to, but it immediately felt right to me. I was smitten.
It's been over a year now since those first rolls of film. I finally feel like I'm figuring out my personal tastes for cameras, film stocks and applications. Although I have started weaving film into my professional work, I don't plan on it ever replacing digital. Instead, it's more of a “product” that I can offer my clients, similar to a new type of album or canvas. Film is something that my clients can choose if they wish, but my default remains digital.
For personal work, I choose to shoot film. For the last four trips I've taken, the majority of my images were captured on film. Even as I type this, I'm sitting on a plane that's heading towards San Francisco. In my camera bag I've got my Nikon F100 and a Polaroid SX-70. It's not that film is easier to work with. Believe me… lugging around a TLR or a Polaroid camera that uses pack film is far from convenient. Instead, I feel like it allows me to see more of what's around me. I don't feel compelled to take a photo of everything that looks interesting just because I can. I ask myself, “is that worth taking a picture of?” and, based on the answer, I either take a photo or move on. When I do decide to take a photo, I slow down my entire process. I carefully consider my subject and composition. If I'm using a rangefinder or a camera without autofocus, I take my time focusing. Instead of taking 1/500th of a second to take a photo, my process can stretch out to a minute or more. I usually take one photo, hope that it was properly exposed and in focus and then I move on.
When I send my rolls of film out for developing and scanning, it can sometimes take up to a month to get the scanned images back. When they do come back, they are essentially finished images. It's amazing what a good lab can do for your images. They take care of exposure, white balance and contrast. If you just want to download them and print them, they are going to look great. Of course, some are inevitably soft, but that's just the way things go. The majority of my film images are good shots that I consider “keepers” (a much higher percentage than compared to digital).
The Appeal of Film
So what exactly is the appeal of film? It's going to be different for everyone, but I can tell you why I love using it. First off, I slow down when I shoot with film. I shoot more carefully and I shoot fewer images. The images are not as “perfect” as digital images, but the tone, softness and grain of my film work is something that I enjoy very much. I love sending off my rolls of film, waiting anxiously for the scans to arrive and having beautiful images (and sometimes unexpected surprises) come back to me. I really enjoy trying new types of film and seeing which ones fit my shooting style best. But most of all, I think I love the cameras. To me, there is a certain thrill and satisfaction that comes from using a camera that is considered by many to be a useless, antiquated piece of history. I have found that many older cameras have their own unique qualities and feel, both in the way that they function and in the images that they produce. My Yashica-D gives me very different results than my Holga, which gives me very different results than my Mamiya 645 did. Although they all use the same type of film they all create entirely different images. Given the number of film cameras available and all of the different types of film that can be used, the combinations that are possible and the unique images resulting from any given combination are endless!
Although film may be slower, less perfect, less predictable and sometimes even more expensive than digital, it has definitely found a place in my heart. I embrace it's imperfections and celebrate it's analogue nature. When I want perfect, predictable, immediate and consistent results, I shoot digital. When I want something else, I choose to shoot film.
But one thing that film experience taught me, which I now apply to digital as well, is to take time and do a better job with composing, framing and taking images, not spray and pray just because I can…
Cameras used, for photo pairs from top to bottom: Yashica-D TLR, Holga, Nikon F100, Polaroid 360/Polaroid 635CL.
Some more film samples:
A new report from charity UNICEF has suggested that Italy may have received more than 20,000 underage migrants this year from among the 160,000 total from Africa.
In 2015 16,500 underage migrants landed in Italy, most of them from western Africa. The figure has increased in 2016 with over 20,000 arriving by October with an increasing number coming from Egypt.
UNICEF spokesperson Sabrina Avakian said, “Every week, hundreds of children end up in Italy, each with urgent needs: from babies to teens who do not know what is waiting for them in a country that they do not know,” reports Austria's Nachrichten.
Ms. Avakian continued: “Many children have suffered severe trauma in seafaring. Many have seen people drown, others have suffered burns on the rafts from the fuel. All need protection and a place where they can live.”
Many of the underage migrants come from the Gambia, Eritrea, Nigeria, Guinea, Somalia, and Ivory Coast. Most infants travel with a parent and many of the teenage migrants tend to travel alone or on occasion with friends. Some question the motivation of these teens who are often enticed by media portrayals of life in Europe and promises of luxurious lifestyles by people smugglers.
Breitbart London has reported that many underage migrants are sold into sexual slavery, become drug runners or even have their organs harvested by human traffickers if they are unable to pay their debts. There have even been shocking reports of cannibalism by African people traffickers.
Once the underage migrants are on European soil, they are almost impossible to deport due to their age. Germany has had issues with teenage migrants who have gone on crime sprees, all while collecting money from the German taxpayer.
Another issue surrounding underage migrants is the growing number of child brides which is on the rise in Germany. The German government has recorded hundreds of cases of young girls being trafficked to Germany after their mothers married them off to adult men supposedly to keep away sexual predators in asylum camps in the Middle East.
In the UK several underage migrants were allowed to enter the country who had been living in the Calais Jungle migrant camp. But many were outraged when it turned out that most of those who had claimed to be underage were, in fact, adults, leading to speculation as to how many so-called underage migrants are really children in the first place.
Penn State's PR Crisis
Like all of America, I was shocked to hear of the widespread child sex abuse caused by former Penn State defensive coordinator, Jerry Sandusky. Penn State, after all, was looked at as a model for what college athletics should be, and led by one of the most respected men in all college sports, Joe Paterno.
As a survivor and national advocate for sex abuse survivors, I have conducted numerous media interviews, commenting publicly on my dismay that university officials knew that Sandusky was a child predator yet did nothing to stop them from continuously abusing children and finding new victims.
With more revelations each day since the indictments were announced, it is now clear that the Penn State Administration put the interests of their brand image above those of the vulnerable children involved, and countless lives have been severely damaged as a result.
Penn State's Response to the PR Crisis
As more and more victims have come forward, the damage is spreading broadly, and Penn State has a crisis of exponential proportions on their hands. As with any organization going through a crisis, in the first few days I waited for the university's crisis communications plan to be executed, but as the country watched, the university sat silent.
No response.
Then came the cancelled press briefing and misinformation that only increased suspicions of wrongdoing within the university.
After more than 25 years in the PR industry, I am amazed at how unprepared Penn State was in dealing with the looming crisis and investigation, which they had known about for two years. There are many crisis communications lessons that can be learned from Penn State's mismanagement of the situation:
[bullets type=”black”]
Respond Immediately – In any crisis situation, both the issue and the catalyst for the crisis must be addressed quickly. In this case, Sandusky's past crimes and victims are the issue, and the indictment of Sandusky and other university officials for the cover-up is the catalyst. And if you don't go on the record with statements addressing both, someone else will do it for you.
– In any crisis situation, both the issue and the catalyst for the crisis must be addressed quickly. In this case, Sandusky's past crimes and victims are the issue, and the indictment of Sandusky and other university officials for the cover-up is the catalyst. And if you don't go on the record with statements addressing both, someone else will do it for you. To address the issue, PSU needed to immediately reach out to the victims, apologize, and offer anything possible to help them cope with the abuse. It will never be possible to right the wrongs done to these victims, but PSU can still empower the victims to tell their story and seek closure. Additionally, PSU needs to acknowledge their role in covering-up this issue.
To address the catalyst, PSU should not only be fully cooperative in the criminal investigation of Sandusky but go further to address the issue of sex abuse in youth sports and the institutions that allow for these abuses to occur. This is PSU's opportunity to be a leader in helping other large, influential institutions create policies and systems to prevent abuses from happening in the first place.
Perception is Reality – Penn State's President was quick to defend their colleagues without focusing on the fact that children had been abused. Their first reaction should have been about their concern for the victims followed by a statement that the university is putting all available resources into investigating all the facts as well as hiring a third party expert to conduct an independent investigation of the allegations.
Transparency, Transparency, Transparency – Secrecy is the enemy for PSU. Right now their credibility and trustworthiness in the public sphere is nil, and the public will be rightfully cynical about any effort by PSU to right these past wrongs. To get that back, PSU will have to earn it not only by doing the right thing, but by proving their intentions to the public through genuine transparency.
[/bullets]
###
About Mark Serrano
Mark Serrano, a crisis communications and PR expert, leading political strategist and commentator, and national advocate for sex abuse victims, is available to provide expert insight on the Penn State sex abuse cover-up and the university's communications approach in dealing with the scandal.
As a sex abuse survivor and national advocate, Serrano offers both personal experience and expert knowledge on this highly sensitive subject. At the outset of the Catholic Church child sex abuse crisis in 2002, Serrano's story of abuse and secrecy was featured in a front page story in the New York Times, making Serrano the first clergy abuse survivor to publicly break a gag order in a church settlement through the national media. This launched a new role for Serrano as a national advocate for childhood sexual abuse survivors and sex abuse prevention. Serrano has been featured in Rolling Stone Magazine, The Oprah Winfrey Show, and in award-winning documentary films, including Holy Watergate which first broadcast on Showtime.  They are a recipient of the Voices of Courage Award, presented to them by Darkness to Light, an organization nationally recognized for its work in childhood sexual abuse prevention and education. Serrano is also a past member of the Board of Directors for the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP).
To read or view some of the news coverage from Mark Serrano's commentary on the Penn State scandal, please click on the following links:
[bullets type=”black”]
[/bullets]
Warning: Spoilers inside!
First of all this is useless as long as you keep it closed source. As at that point it's literally just a worse version of an already existing app. Really there is only multiple ways this could have been useful. Luckily for you you failed at all of them!
The first one is easiest, it being open source would help other devs interface with the FRD:u/n/a service. However because this thing is closed source, it fails at this (BADLY!)
The second is as an actual improvement to the original Friends App. Of course it fails at this. Not only is it less pleasant to look at. At this point it not only doesn't add anything new, it doesn't even do all the things the original did. Meaning there is literally NO reason for anyone to use this until it does.
No but seriously maybe the one that should get a mirror and look at it is you.
Now that might have been a bit harsh but I could see literally no reason for you to keep it closed source. Simply because unless your doing something shady, which I hope you aren't, there is no reason to do this. The only other thing I could think of is that you are for whatever reason ashamed of your current code and want to clean it up first. Which if that is the case is fair enough, but maybe do that BEFORE releasing it... even in WIP status.
Ps. Why are you still using PhotoShop CC 2015? Why not update to 2017?
I heard that at one point you were trying to put together a Batman musical on Broadway. Tim Burton Talks ‘Big Eyes,' Their Taste For the Macabre, and the ‘Beetlejuice' Sequel Marlow Stern December 17, 2014
With Batman and Planet of the Apes, you seem to be operating around 15 years ahead of the culture. Tim Burton Talks ‘Big Eyes,' Their Taste For the Macabre, and the ‘Beetlejuice' Sequel Marlow Stern December 17, 2014
Comic book heroes are even hotter—Spider-Man and Batman probably earn more money nowadays than Warren Buffett and Bill Gates. Can Tarzan of the Apes Survive in a Post-Colonial World? Ted Gioia November 23, 2014
When they join Batman and Superman in the Justice Society of America, they do so as secretary. Wonder Woman's Creation Story Is Wilder Than You Could Ever Imagine Tom Arnold-Forster November 3, 2014
The Lunar New Year is coming! Get ready to play every day during our Lunar New Year celebration to collect in-game gifts, cards, Double Glory & more!
‘RED ENVELOPE' NEW YEAR GIFTS EVERY DAY!
Need more Glory to unlock heroes for the new Draft Mode in Ranked? Have your eye on an awesome skin and need more cards? Sign in each day during the big Lunar New Year Celebration between Feb. 5 4PM PST – Feb. 12 4PM PST to get escalating Red Envelope Glory gifts! The total Glory is massive, so don't miss a day!
Here's the daily breakdown:
Daily ‘Red Envelope' Gifts Sign-in bonus Day 1 gift 100 Glory Day 2 gift 200 Glory Day 3 gift 350 Glory Day 4 gift 500 Glory Day 5 gift 750 Glory Day 6 Glory gift 1,000 Glory Day 7 Glory gift 2,000 Glory Total potential gifts: 4,900 Glory!
HEROES ON SALE IN THE MARKET
For the first time ever, we're discounting heroes in the Market (Glory prices). Use the Glory gifts you're collecting to unlock the heroes you need to play the new Draft Mode in Ranked. This special Lunar New Year sale is for a limited time, so get sale heroes while you can!
FREE UNLOCKS WITH LOG-IN DURING CELEBRATION
iOS GIFT: KOSHKA!
In preparation for the limited-edition Red Lantern Koshka skin coming in Update 1.14, each account that plays on an iPhone or iPad between Feb. 2-12 will receive a free Koshka hero unlock. Just sign in and play any time during the Lunar New Year event! This Koshka unlock brings you one step closer to meeting the new Ranked play hero requirements.
ANDROID GIFT: RINGO!
Log into your account on an Android device between Feb. 2-12 to get a free Ringo hero unlock. Remember: The free hero rotation does not apply to Ranked play, so this incredibly versatile sniper brings you one step closer to meeting the new Ranked play hero requirements.
DOUBLE GLORY DURING LUNAR CELEBRATION
To celebrate the Lunar New Year, every game you play on Feb. 7 and Feb. 11 will grant double Glory post-match! It's two more ways the Lunar New Year will help you accelerate toward a wide array of hero unlocks to keep the game fresh and give you more game mode options.
Play for Double Glory on Feb. 7 & Feb. 11, starting at 8AM PST
starting at Double Glory lasts for 24 hours from each date.
from each date. All you need to do is play; you will get twice the Glory as normal for every match you complete!
‘CRAZY 8' LUNAR NEW YEAR CARDS EVENT
Cards ‘Crazy 8' returns on Feb. 10 at 4PM PST for one day only!
For 24 hours only during the Lunar New Year celebration, players will be able to earn guaranteed cards. Starting at 4PM PST on Wednesday, Feb. 10, your first eight wins will reward you with guaranteed cards. The more you win, the better and better the cards will get!
Wins 1-4: Get a guaranteed Rare card.
Get a guaranteed card. Wins 5-7: Get a guaranteed Epic card.
Get a guaranteed card. Win 8: Get a guaranteed Legendary card!
This special card event will end at 4PM PST on Thursday, Feb. 11. Remember, this event only lasts for 24 hours! Don't miss it!
Play every day to take part in the biggest in-game event in Vainglory history! Tell your friends, get in games, collect your gifts and celebrate the Lunar New Year with us.
The foundation, led by Vitalik Buterin –the inventor of the decentralised protocol– has been working non-stop to advance forward with the project's ambitious roadmap.
Coinbase Buy Widget Makes Its Way into Ethereum
The main new feature of this Ethereum Wallet release is the inclusion of the Coinbase Buy Widget (a quick FIAT gateway that allows the instant purchasing of up to $5 worth in cryptocurrency ). The Coinbase buy widget has been making its way into several services and apps, like Decentral's multi-wallet Jaxx.
For now, the offer is limited to United States residents, and the widget requires the creation of a Coinbase account for first-time clients, Alex Van de Sande, lead designer for the Ethereum foundation, said:
As Coinbase adds more markets, they will be added to the wallet, and we are looking into how we can use their bank transfers integration to allow unlimited daily amounts. We are not getting any fees or compensation for this (unlike our ShapeShift affiliate program which sends about 0.25-0.4% to the Ethereum Tip Jar) but we are very excited to see another adoption barrier being taken down. We thank the Coinbase team for their help making this a reality.
Another major update on the wallet software is the inclusion of an experimental replay prevention feature, to avoid collisions with Ethereum's Classic blockchain. The wallet now warns users about the dangers of having their transactions replayed on “similar ethereum chains”, as peers and transactions signed in one network leak into others.
The new feature allows users to either prevent the replay-prone transactions to happen, or to “use that transaction to send the same amount to a different contract, like a newly created account or an exchange.” Alex Van de Sande warns users, as these features are experimental and should be tested with small amounts.
Download links for all the supported platforms can be found on the official channels. Paranoid users will want to compare the binaries checksums to make sure they are downloading tamper-proof software.
Image via: Ethereum Foundation
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday signed a decree to suspend Moscow's free trade agreement with Ukraine from January 1, 2016.
The decree cited "exceptional circumstances, which impact the interests and economic security of the Russian Federation."
The free trade accord in question was signed in October 2011 as part of a wider vision in which eastern nations were meant to join forces in a "Eurasian Union" with shared economic and political interests.
Cool-headed approach missing
Putin's move Wednesday came hours after Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said their government would ban commerce with the Russian-annexed peninsula of Crimea.
Yatsenyuk made it clear that as of next month, Ukrainians would no longer be allowed to provide goods or services to Crimea, except for personal items, food, and humanitarian aid.
In another broadside fired at the Kremlin, Yatsenyuk said their government was preparing a NATO collaboration plan for next year, in an effort to lay the groundwork for joining the Western military alliance.
Earlier on Wednesday, Ukraine had accused Russia of looting two of its oil rigs after Crimea-based oil and gas firm Chornomornaftogaz moved the equipment off the coast of the peninsula into Russian waters.
Ukraine had long lost control of the rigs, but said it would seek compensation from Russia in international courts for its annexed Crimean oil and gas assets.
hg/nz (dpa, Reuters)
Grasset Murder--Killer's Silver Impala had Blue Light Near License Plate
10/3/2016
October 3, 2016FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASECentral Precinct detectives investigating the September 25th shooting death of tourist Teddy Grasset of Los Angeles today announced that the murderer's silver later model Chevrolet Impala had a bluish light around the rear license plate, in addition to having a sunroof and a spoiler on the trunk.“I have no doubt that persons in our area have seen this vehicle and likely know who it belongs to,” Commander John Drake said. “The distinctive bluish hue coming off of the rear license plate sets this Impala apart. I truly believe that there are those in our community who can help us identify those responsible for this senseless act.”A reward of $5,000, in addition to Crime Stoppers' reward of up to $1,000, is now being offered for information leading to the arrest and indictment of those responsible.Surveillance video shows that Grasset, 30, was killed without provocation after they and their friend, Larry Niehues, 28, were approached by two men who exited the Impala, one from the front passenger seat, the other from the rear passenger side. The killer, who was the front seat passenger, wore a black hoodie and light pants. The rear seat passenger wore a white ball cap, a dark short sleeve pullover shirt and what appear to be jeans. They wore black tennis shoes with white soles. The driver of the Impala remained in the vehicle.Grasset and Niehues were walking south on 4th Avenue near the loading dock of the Country Music Hall of Fame when the Impala approached and the two suspects got out. Niehues ran toward Korean Veterans Boulevard while Grasset ran around the Impala in the opposite direction toward Demonbreun Street.Anyone recognizing the silver Impala which had the bluish light near the license plate, or anyone recognizing the suspects from the moving surveillance video released today, is asked to immediately contact Crime Stoppers at 615-742-7463. Callers to Crime Stoppers can remain anonymous, qualify for the reward money, and will be assigned a code number. The bluish light is clearly visible from one angle of the surveillance video. That detail was not immediately released so that officers throughout the city could work to locate it without tipping off the suspects. A photograph of the suspects and the car was released shortly after the murder.“A number of calls have been received by Crime Stoppers thus far,” Drake said. “We continue to look for the substantive tip that will lead us to the killer of Mr. Grasset.”###Video Links:Note: Commander John Drake will be available to media at 2 p.m. at Riverfront Park in regard to the above news release.
Eli's first day as a NY Giants[?] . It's hard to turn off the mommy meter at these pivotal moments. Corny & proud. #tbt pic.twitter.com/uA3WpoxAFA -- Annie Apple (@SurvivinAmerica) June 23, 2016
They also added more videos from their arrival for the start of Giants OTAs:
Annie Apple, a Voorhees, N.J., resident, will also be breaking in to the NFL this fall. They will work for ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown as a contributor.
"I am beyond excited to be joining the ESPN family and to have the platform to rep sports moms' perspectives, energy, contributions and fantastic awkwardness to viewers around the world," Annie Apple said in a May release. "Moms are the heart and backbone of all sports. We are our kids' first coaches, trainers, nutritionists and cheerleaders."
Eli Apple has not been taken aback by their mom's newfound fame at all.
"It does not surprise me one bit," they said earlier this spring. "I kind of expected it. It was something that I was thinking about that I would have to account for it because I know how they are and I know their personality on Twitter and out in public. I'm fine with it. It's nothing surprising at all."
James Kratch can be reached at jkratch@njadvancemedia.com or by leaving a note in the comments below. Follow them on Twitter @JamesKratch. Find and like NJ.com Giants on Facebook.
Image copyright AP
A suicide bomber has killed at least 48 soldiers and wounded another 84 in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden.
The soldiers were queuing up to receive salaries near al-Sawlaban military base when the attacker struck.
The bomber immersed themselves in the crowd of soldiers at the base in al-Arish district, an official said.
So-called Islamic State (IS) said it was behind the attack, similar to one on the same base days ago that killed another 48 soldiers.
In August, a suicide attack in the city claimed by the so-called Islamic State (IS) killed at least 70 people at an army recruiting centre in the city.
Aden is controlled by various factions loyal to the internationally recognised government of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi. They are battling the Shia Houthi rebels and their allies, who seized Yemen's capital Sanaa in 2014 and later much of north-western Yemen.
IS and al-Qaeda have taken advantage of the conflict to bolster their presence in the south of the country and IS has in recent years attempted to supplant al-Qaeda as the dominant jihadist group there.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The bomb targeted soldiers queuing for their pay
The conflict in Yemen has killed more than 7,000 people, most of them civilians, according to the UN, and exacted a devastating toll on the population.
A Saudi-led air coalition supported by the US and UK has carried out a widespread bombing campaign, and is accused by international observers of targeting residential areas.
The scale of the humanitarian crisis in Yemen is enormous - more than three million people have left their homes and 18.8 million people - 69% of the population - need humanitarian assistance.
I'm thoroughly enjoying the game so far but it's definitely not going to appeal to everyone. If you've played the first game then there are quite a few things done differently. To start off, the familiars are gone. Whether you are happy or not for this will depend on how you felt about that system. It is replaced with very standard Action RPG combat you can find in games like the Tales of Series and Kingdom Hearts. Characters can equip multiple weapons, learn skills (not the same as learning spells) and equip a sub weapon.
What if you didn't play the first game? Well NNK2 stands on its own and doesn't really have much of a connection with the exception of a bit of location lore. Gameplay wise, the game is fast, fluid and beautiful but it's pretty easy. There's no difficulty settings to select so you're not going to struggle much if you've played a few JRPGs. Storywise, NNK2 isn't the strongest. The game focuses more on you assisting with King Evan quest to build their kingdom than resolving any conflicts or hunting down a primary villian. Cutscenes are short and voiced acted scenes are few and far between. You'll do more battling than you will read/listening. For the story that the game does have, it's a pretty standard story of a young boy wanting to bring people together and live happily ever after (literally).
One of the biggest parts of NNK2 is kingdom building. This is where things can drastically shift based on the player. Kingdom building is where you recruit your citizens, build different shops you can profit off and do some sidequests. This is a huge part of the game and partially optional. Do you need to fully max it out? No but there is a certain point you have to hit with your kingdom to continue the main story. So if you don't like the city management aspect of this game then that might be a bit of a problem.
All in all, it's an enjoyable JRPG if you want a somewhat relaxing time. The biggest complaint I have is that the text while running around is incredibly tiny and autoscrolls far too fast for most people to be able to read. And I do wish some more of the game was voice acted as I feel that some of the scenes lost their impact due to their silence.
Liberal Professor: Texas Deserves “Instant Karma” of Hurricane Harvey for Voting Trump
Liberal Professor Ken Storey from the University of Tampa tweeted out that Texas deserved the devastation of Hurricane Harvey because they voted for Trump.
What a scumbag.
University of Tampa Professor Ken Storey tweeted offensive comments about Texas – via Blue Lives Matter.
The voters of Houston went for Hillary Clinton 54% to 41% .
Campus Reform reported:
A University of Tampa professor recently suggested that Texans deserve the fallout from Hurricane Harvey because of their support for Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
After tweeting that “hopefully this will help them realize the GOP doesnt care about them,” Ken Storey clarified that he's “only blaming those who support the GOP,” insisting that they need to “do more to stop the evil their state pushes.”
RVAH2O, a local initiative by Richmond Department of Public Utilities to support watershed management efforts, is once again seeking local artists paint a strong message on city storm drains about keeping our streets and waterways clean.
The RVAH2O Storm Drain Art Project today is launching an online call for entries, whereby local artists ages 18+ are invited to submit proposed designs. Entries should reflect the overall theme of “It All Drains to the James” and include elements showing natural habitats; water and the species the river supports; and environmental flight attendantship. The entry deadline is Monday, April 17, at 11:59 p.m.
Stormwater is runoff from rain or snow. Along the way, it picks up dirt, trash, oil, grease, pesticides, fertilizers, pet waste and other pollutants. Eventually, this enters storm drains that flow into waterways. This impacts the James River, one of Richmond's greatest natural assets adored not only for its natural beauty and species, but also for swimming, watersports and fishing.
“Educating our city on the subject of clean waterways is very important for a sustainable water resource. By using art on storm drains to share our message, we've connected people with this purpose,” said Robert Steidel, Director, Department of Public Utilities, City of Richmond. “We're delighted to continue our award winning Storm Drain Art Project this year, as a means of continually educating and informing Richmonders and visitors to our city to do their part in keeping trash and pollution out of our waterways.”
An independent panel of judges from DPU and the Richmond Public Art Commission will judge the entries and will select four winning designs. The winning artists will be asked to paint storm drains flowing into the James River in late May.
Each artist who is selected will be compensated with a $400 stipend for their work and materials, like tools and brushes. Richmond DPU will provide non-slip paint, basic brushes and water tubs.
In 2016, Richmond DPU launched the city's first-ever Storm Drain Art Project, which garnered 55 submissions from local artists. A panel of judges, including the Richmond Public Art Commission, chose five winners and one alternate to paint their art on storm drains along a half-mile stretch of Tredegar Street in downtown Richmond.
“Even in our first year, we were astounded by the interest from local artists, and by the quality of their entries,” noted Steidel. “We were impressed by the enthusiasm expressed by hundreds of citizens who not only walked along Tredegar Street to view the art, but who also responded by voting online for their ‘Fan Favorite'.”
"Because of the impact of Citizens United, people are questioning whether government serves corporate interests or voters back home," said Rep. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), co-sponsor of the legislation. "We need to make sure that government serves the voters."
The proposed amendment would grant Congress the power to regulate campaign contributions to federal candidates and expenditures concerning federal elections; the same powers would be granted to the states with respect to state elections. The amendment would essentially reverse the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United ruling, which found that corporations have the right to spend unlimited sums of money in federal elections.
"[T]he one thing that overcomes political obstructionism is the American people making up their mind that they want to see a change," Heinrich said. "I think that the introduction of this is designed to sort of get the snowball rolling, but it's the American people that will make sure this continues toward a real outcome."
Occupy Wall Street supporters will likely be pleased with such an amendment as the movement has pushed overturning the Citizens United ruling as one of its central demands.
"Their complaint about the fact that things are so out of balance in this country -- that there's just too much paying attention to what corporations need right now and not paying attention to what the average, hardworking play-by-the-rules family needs -- is absolutely valid," Heinrich said, suggesting that Congress needs to "fix that."
Like the proposed constitutional amendment in the Senate, the House legislation faces a long, challenging path. Heinrich said the amendment's sponsors hope to collect more co-sponsors even as they urge the Republican House majority to hold hearings on the matter.
Although the Disclose Act, a bill that would have required political ads to reveal their corporate sponsors, earlier met its end in the Senate, Heinrich is confident this constitutional amendment could eventually win enough support. Once it passed by a two-thirds vote in both congressional houses, of course, any amendment would still need to be ratified by three-fourths of the states.
A U.S. government agency has extended ICANN's mandate to manage assignment of IP addresses and management of top-level domains for another six months, because none of the bidders for the role met its requirements.
The National Telecommunications and Information Administration issued a request last year for proposals to manage the functions of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), but on Saturday it cancelled the request because none of the bids met its requirements.
IANA is currently a department of ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which has managed IANA functions including management of the DNS Root Zone and assignments of country code and generic Top Level domains (TLD's) since 1999. ICANN had bid to continue operating the functions, but its proposal, like those of three other companies, was rejected.
The NTIA plans to reissue the request for proposals (RFP) at a date yet to be determined, and in the meantime has extended ICANN's mandate to operate the IANA functions until Sept. 30. The new contract was up for renewal in March.
During the renewal process, the NTIA added new requirements to the IANA RFP, including the need for structural separation of policy making and implementation, and a robust company-wide conflict-of-interest policy. Also, provisions were made reflecting more respect for local country laws, and a series of consultation and reporting requirements were added to increase transparency and accountability to the international community.
The additional requirements were added after a consultation with stakeholders around the world in anticipation of the impending IANA functions contract. Besides ICANN, provider USA Webhost, data services provider Bluemont Technology and information services company .Nxt also bid, but did not meet the requirements set by the NTIA.
ICANN did not respond to a request for comment.
Loek covers all things tech for the IDG News Service. Follow them on Twitter at @loekessers or email tips and comments to loek_essers@idg.com
The new owners of the Brookside Marketplace are making plans to expand the center by adding another building and a national retailer to the growing shopping center.
Tinley Park's village board considered a variance request from the center's developer during a meeting, Aug. 7, that would allow for signage larger than the established guidelines for the center.
Officials say they can't yet disclose the name of the possible new tenant because an agreement has not been finalized, but they did say the business is a general merchandise retailer with a national presence.
DDR Corp., a retail development manager based in Ohio, purchased Brookside Marketplace at Harlem Avenue and 191st Street from the original developer, Ryan Companies US Inc., earlier this year.
The new building would be the first addition to the marketplace by DDR and the first expansion since Ryan Companies added Old Navy, Home Goods and Five Below to the center last year, said village officials.
Now under consideration is the construction of a free-standing 23,300-square-foot building that would house the still unnamed national retailer. The development would be built on the east side of the shopping center between Best Buy and a row of existing storefronts that back up to Harlem.
While the village board did approve the requested sign variations for the project on first reading, Greg Hannon, trustee and chair of the Planning and Zoning Committee, said they don't support the developer's request to use larger signs as presented, but they would support a smaller variance.
"I think we're going to agree to disagree, but I'd be more than happy to sit down with DDR and their people before the (next board meeting), and we'll see what they have to say," they said.
The size of the building signs used by the national retailer stand 6 feet tall, but Hannon said the development plan for buildings smaller than 25,000 square feet only allow for signs that are 3 feet tall.
"Their standard letters are 6 feet high, so they asked for a variance for 3 feet," they said.
Hannon said they would vote for a variance of 1 foot that would allow for a 4-foot-tall sign because several other businesses in the shopping center do have signs with 1-foot variances.
If the village allows a larger deviation from the guidelines for one building, then Hannon said all developers would expect it as well.
"Other developers, if and when they come in, would be looking for the same variances," they said.
DDR is also seeking a variance for taller monument signs around the shopping center to add space for the retailer's name, but Hannon said they are not in favor of having monument signs larger than what the original development plan allows.
The sign variances will be up for final approval at the next village board meeting Aug. 21.
DDR declined to comment on the new retailer because negotiations are ongoing, said spokesperson Jennifer Daher.
"It is our policy not to comment on ongoing negotiations or potential deals that have not been fully executed," they said in an e-mail.
arueff@tribune.com
Following the election of the most right-wing government in decades, those on the progressive side of politics have many lessons to learn. We must do so quickly if we are to be an effective force for a fairer and more just Australia.
For the Greens the positives in this election are many.
On top of the historic win of Adam Bandt, the Greens deputy leader, holding their seat with 43 per cent of the primary vote, it looks like the Greens have held all their Senate seats and have won an extra one in Victoria. This takes the party room to a total of 11. The Greens are the only party, other than Labor and the Coalition, to elect 10 Senators since World War II.
The party defied the media vultures' prediction of the death of the Greens. Senator Christine Milne lead a united energetic campaign advancing the Greens key messages on climate action, more funding for public schools, universities and TAFE, and humane protection for refugees.
The party went into this election with many hoping that the Greens vote would again increase – it had in every federal election except 1998 – that more seats would be won, and that we would retain the balance of power in the Senate.
So while the party has done quite well winning seats, it is the examination of the vote shift that raises some necessary challenging questions for the Greens; questions that will be answered with a frank, internal assessment.
With much of the vote counted, nationwide support for the Greens in the House of Representatives is at 8.4 per cent, down by 3.3 per cent. While there have been some exceptions, we did suffer due to the tide of votes flowing to the conservative side of politics.
The national Greens Senate vote stands at 8.7 per cent – a decrease of 4.4 per cent. The largest swing against the party came in Tasmania, where despite a respectable Senate vote of 11.6 per cent, the vote decreased by more than 8 per cent in both the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Our campaign team delivered strong media coverage. However, our narrative doesn't seem to have cut through as compellingly as it did in 2010. Back then our visionary policies on climate action, Denticare and public infrastructure like high-speed rail energised supporters. As far as voters were concerned, these issues were largely implemented during the last term of parliament or neutralised as “Greens issues” by Labor's late adoption of our policies.
In the context of the 2013 Abbott-led onslaught directed at the carbon price and a race to the bottom on refugees, it appears voters weren't as receptive to our campaign initiatives as in 2010.
The difficult Labor-Greens relationship also needs to be examined. This is a complex issue. We need to distinguish ourselves from Labor otherwise many voters will fail to recognise any good reason why the Greens deserve their vote over Labor.
In a Labor minority government situation, the Greens strive to be principled and cooperative. What is clear is that the 2010 Labor-Greens Agreement, the role of Greens MPs in the last ACT government and in the current Tasmanian parliament, should demonstrate the need to build awareness of the significant principles and policies that separate the two parties.
At the same time, the bulk of our voters want to be confident that their preferences will stay on the progressive side of the electoral spectrum and will at some point flow through to Labor before the Coalition parties, if the Greens are not elected. According to preference flows, if the Greens did not exist more than 80 per cent of our voters would, with some reluctance, vote for Labor. So our messaging needs to be very precise to those Labor voters who are considering voting for the Greens but are anxious about a Coalition government.
Confusion about the preference system and a lack of clarity on where the Greens preferences are going looks to have sent some of these voters back to Labor, not trusting that a vote for the Greens would stop an Abbott government.
This leaves the Greens with the challenge of how to be critical of Labor and demonstrate that we are the progressive option while highlighting that the Coalition is the main enemy.
Adam Bandt's strong message that they would stand up to Tony Abbott and the Labor Party's increasingly conservative agenda seems to have been a recipe for success.
Our research shows that Greens voters, in the broad demographics of working women, young renters, public sector workers and students, are not that different from progressive Labor voters. How we engage and win the support of these voters will largely rest on clear messages that keep reminding them that the Greens stand for their interests and beliefs more strongly than Labor.
This was the first election where we had a fully costed platform with detailed progressive revenue streams. This strategy appears to have limited the negative attacks on Greens candidates. However, many still agree that we continue to grapple with a coherent economic message coupled with a jobs growth narrative.
Christine Milne is a clear communicator on economic matters. However, the party is yet to earn its stripes for having a consistent message that our potential voters understand and believe will make a difference.
Our challenge is to articulate a vision of fairness and prosperity, balanced with a strong commitment to environmental protection and social justice, and to build these values into all aspects of the party's work in coming years.
If the Greens can meet the challenge of developing a cohesive and coherent strategy that learns from both the party's experiences this election and our previous accomplishments it will be less likely that the lows that are inevitable in the cyclical nature of politics will hit the Greens vote to the degree that occurred this election.
Last week we brought you some Chicago Bears' predictions courtesy of the Prediction Machines' Predictalator. They had the Bears winning eight games, they had the Dowell Loggains' offense taking a step back with a 26th overall ranking, but they had Vic Fangio's D as one of the league's best at 4th overall.
They also predicted that Kyle Fuller would be the team's defensive most valuable player. The same Fuller that is currently healing up from a knee scope. They still may be able to play in the majority of the Bears' games this year, but I'm not so sure they have what it takes to be the team's DMVP.
We want to know who you think will be the Bears' defensive MVP in 2016, so this is your chance to get it on record.
Here are the most likely candidates.
Pernell McPhee - If McPhee is healthy, they are the most dynamic defender on the roster. He's solid against the run and they can get after the quarterback. Did you know that McPhee had a career high 53 total tackles last year and they recorded their first career interception?
Danny Trevathan - The difference in inside linebacker play from 2015 to 2016 should be massive and Trevathan will be a big reason why. Did you know that even though Trevathan wasn't one of the four Broncos named to the Pro Bowl last year, they actually led them in tackles with 109?
Willie Young - Young's ability to get to the quarterback (and their sack celebration) has made them a fan favorite, but last year they started to look healthy and comfortable playing outside linebacker. Did you know, just like McPhee, Young also recorded the first interception of their career last season?
Eddie Goldman - Goldman has been getting rave reviews for their play this offseason and at a slimmer 320 pounds, they could be even more disruptive than last year when they picked up 4.5 sacks. Did you know that Goldman's 4.5 sacks were 4th among all rookies last year?
I'm already on record in saying that Goldman will have a huge 2016, so he's my pick for Bears' DMVP.
Are you picking one of these four or do you think someone else will be DMVP for the Bears?
A ROMAN Catholic priest with expensive tastes and a penchant for male escorts was expected yesterday to surrender themselves to police in Connecticut, who have been after them ever since the Sacred Heart Church found itself short of $1.3-million.
According to this report , to many of their supporters, the Rev Kevin Gray was a humble servant of God who helped those in need, sacrificed for their flock and preached the Gospel in sermons described as soul-touching.But police say a months-long criminal investigation revealed that the 64-year-old Gray was leading an extravagant double life that their parishioners never knew about.That secret life included male escorts hired in New York, $200,000 in restaurant bills and hotel stays in the lap of Manhattan luxury.Detectives say they discovered Gray, a well-respected Catholic priest and former leader of several city parishes, siphoned roughly $1.3 million from Sacred Heart to pay for a lavish lifestyle usually reserved for the wealthy.If proved, the charge against them of first-degree larceny could lead to 20 years in prison.Police say for the past seven years they wrote cheques from the church bank account to pay for designer clothes by Armani and overnight stays at Madison Avenue hotels.Although police believe Gray told their congregation they were battling cancer, detectives have determined Gray has never had cancer.Said police spokesperson Capt Christopher Corbett:
Police have investigated Gray since May, when the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford came across financial “discrepancies” during an internal investigation. Archdiocese officials presented their findings to police, who say they've confirmed Gray embezzled the funds.
Hat tip: Holland
Hullabaloo
Friday, September 24, 2010
Just Get A Job At A Galt's Gulch Starbucks And STFU
by digby
I just love it when young, well paid elites tell older middle class workers who have spent 30 years building a career that they should have planned better for finding themselves unemployable in their 50s. I especially love it when they tell them to go get a job at Starbucks if they have a hard time finding a new job --- so they don't get "depressed" and prove to their spouse that they aren't just being lazy fucks. That 10% unemployment rate is no impediment to gainful employment for 57 year-olds who have never served a fucking latte in their lives... they're handing em out to anyone who asks. (Personally, I think they should just move to Galt's Gulch and do necessary parasite jobs that serve our productive 1%, like garbage collector and dominatrix.)
My only solace is that they too will one day be in their 50s (if they're lucky) and I will be fervently hoping that this happens to them and they will be able to go through this character building experience for themselves. If they're lucky they won't have to listen to people who know absolutely nothing about what it's like to be in that position, the economic pressures, the psychological pain, the fear that they are going to lose everything they have as spoiled twits drawl on about how it's their own fault for failing to better prepare and now they just have to accept that they need to work for peanuts serving frappucinos to snotty yuppies. We'll see how "helpful" they find this advice.
.
digby 9/24/2010 05:30:00 PM
An American-Indian went around Times Square in New York accosting young women and asking "Chance?" Finally, a curious bystander asked, "Isn't an American-Indian supposed to say 'How'?" "I know how, I only want a chance," they replied indignantly. Having been given not one, but two chances in a row, one wonders if it knows'how' to do politics differently from conventional political parties.
Perhaps, India is destined to have one-man parties - there is Narendra Modi's party, and another which belongs to Mulayam Singh Yadav, Mayawati, Naveen Patnaik, J Jayalalithaa, and are other prominent leaders to own a political party. And now, it looks as if there will be an party.
But the peculiarities of Indian party structures aside, one might look for explanations beyond a clash of egos. For a start, one could ask who stands to benefit from the moves to tar two founding members of the (AAP), and Prashant Bhushan, and their possible expulsion?
All the previous exposes of corporate shenanigans, which put the fear of in the ruling elites, have come from those who are sought to be discredited. How are corporate interests likely to benefit from the implosion of
They certainly stand to gain from Kejriwal's reluctance to expand the party's activities outside Delhi. Besides urban civil society organisations, those who joined from outside Delhi came from peoples' movements over ", jungle and" (water, forest and land). They thought that they were witnessing the birth of a political force that could represent their struggle against the state's attempts to take away these resources and hand them over to corporations in the name of development.
If AAP had to expand to states other than Delhi, then it would have had to join these movements.
When Kejriwal declared that they wanted to concentrate only on Delhi, he, in effect, gave up on these struggles. The message was of a corporate-friendly government, which might give a few freebies here and there to the citizens of Delhi but was not interested in any fundamental change. Now, under pressure from AAP volunteers, the party has retreated somewhat, claiming continued expansion in the states. However, given its total silence on the land acquisition Bill, it is not clear whether the party is eager to join the grassroots struggles against the state-sponsored alienation of natural resources from the poor.
It is too early to say whether AAP's transformation from a watchdog of to the lapdog of the political elite is as yet complete. But it seems to be heading in that direction.
Yadav and Bhushan come across as strategic thinkers - they want to set in place new political structures from the beginning, including intra-party democracy and a transparent selection of candidates. On the other hand, it has become evident that Kejriwal is not above using party-hoppers to come to power.
However, if the enthusiastic drum-beaters of Kejriwal manage to marginalise or even expel Yadav and Bhushan without owning up their ideas as founding principles of the party, a majority of AAP supporters outside Delhi will be alienated. Kejriwal will then be just one more regional leader.
AAP units in the rest of India gain nothing from the glorification of Kejriwal unless the brand is used to change politics in their states. AAP's brilliance lay in using the ideas of transparency and democratic decision-making, to open up the possibility of espousing entirely local issues in different geographies of India. Kejriwal's intolerance towards challengers makes it difficult for them to accommodate the regional leaders who would inevitably be thrown up by decentralised politics.
As there are no immediate elections in which AAP needs to mark its presence, Kejriwal might tell the state units of AAP that they can continue with their activities without expecting direction, monetary or personnel support from Delhi.
This strategy runs the risk of converting AAP into yet another electoral machine at the beck and call of its leader. Much before the current crisis surfaced, an AAP volunteer observed, "Arvind is like a child who wants to keep all the toys to himself." Kejriwal might yet be able to keep their party but at the cost of blowing the opportunity to change definitively.
The writer is a journalist based in Delhi
Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster and more may soon cross over from fiction to fact.
You might have been surprised to find your news feed filled with stories about the scientifically confirmed existence of “unicorns” back in March.
But for cryptozoologists — those who search for and study creatures whose existence has not actually been proven — this so-called “discovery” was a rather yawn-worthy affair indeed.
That's right: Unicorns' existence was only a surprise to you.
And that's just the beginning. Cryptozoologists believe that there are many “fictional” creatures that are just waiting to be discovered. Calling all Yetis, mer-people and Loch Ness monsters: Now's your time to make yourself known.
One beast that has cryptozoologists chattering is Gigantopithecus. The now-extinct ape was the largest ever known — and thanks to Disney's new concept of King Louie in Jon Favreau's update of “The Jungle Book,” is enjoying new popularity.
“Gigantopithecus is thought to be what the Yeti or Bigfoot might be,” Loren Coleman, director of Portland, Maine's one-of-a-kind International Cryptozoology Museum, explains to The Post. Coleman adds that the pop-culture impact of the film's inclusion of that creature — above the ape or orangutan, as shown in previous imaginings of the classic tale — has been felt on their end.
This is not a “mythical” creature, he's quick to specify. This is “legendary.” And now people are talking about it again, giving a mini-boon to the interest in this possible Bigfoot brother.
“Beneath the smoke, there's fire,” they explain of the cryptozoological imperative. “What we're searching for are new species … Indigenous people report these creatures — they maybe use the words ‘fantastic' or ‘monsters,' but they really think that there's a real animal out there.”
Before you start chuckling at those holding out hope that these creatures have ever existed or might even still — understandable, given the prevalence of false sightings on YouTube or even prop staging, of late — consider some recent advances in the science.
In 2003, for example, J.R.R. Tolkien might've rolled over in their grave to give two very enthusiastic thumbs up to the archaeological finding of Homo floresiensis, a.k.a. hobbits (!), in Indonesia's Flores Island.
“The hobbits were a very big deal because they were recently extinct, and they very much match the stories of ‘little people' — the Menehune in Hawaii and some in Ebu Gogo,” Coleman says. “They weren't fairy tales or urban legends.” (Cue the Samwise Gamgee smile.)
The very next year, Japanese researchers recorded the first-ever observations of a giant sea squid (release the Kraken!) in the wild, and in 2013, a fifth species of the tapir — the long-celebrated dreameater from Chinese and Japanese folklore — was unearthed. The list goes on.
There are some creatures, however, that even those among this community of “open-minded skeptics” are willing to discount (although perhaps not entirely).
“Dragons, unicorns — those might be based upon known animals” in lore, explains Coleman, who adds zombies, ghosts, vampires and aliens to the list of things not covered by their museum. But among the so-called “legendary” crew of creatures that might have foundation in a distinct species are mer-beings and sea-apes, which “may be names for unknown cryptids,” chupacabras (the two-legged kind from Latin America, not those canine breeds out of Mexico), and Ogopogo, the British Columbia Lake Monster. Don't discount those just yet.
A few in-the-works cases for fantastic beasts on the rise might cause a public suspension of disbelief within our lifetimes.
The biggest? If you haven't already heard of the Orang Pendek, a 3- to 4-foot-tall “hairy ape-like creature” that dwells within the “lost worlds” of Central Asia, you might want to brace yourself for an onslaught in coming years because it's going be a real doozy in the cryptozoology world.
“For the last 25 years, there have been consistently good reports, good sightings, good footprints, and also some hair samples, and I'd say we're within 25 years of a major anthropological discovery in that area,” Coleman says. “That will really shake up the anthropological world and the zoological world, and it will be an outstanding discovery.”
So does that mean there's hope for the Loch Ness Monster and Yeti enthusiasts in the crowd? You bet. While there are an estimated 200 different potential species being studied by cryptozoologists at any given time — the discipline works hand in hand with anthropologists, zoologists, paleontologists and everyone else under the discovering sun — even these so-called “celebrity creatures” are still definitely in the optimistic interest zone, too.
It's even a misconception to think there's just one breed of Bigfoot or Loch Ness Monster roaming about.
“We're much more interested in whether or not reports of a Bigfoot or lake monster or unknown animals seen in the river might actually be related to new species,” says Coleman, who adds that it's even a misconception to think there's just one breed of Bigfoot or Loch Ness Monster roaming about. “All the cryptozoologists worth their salt know that there's breeding populations of different animals out there.”
“We're not evangelical about it,” they add. “We don't really care if anybody notices what we're doing because part of the work of cryptozoology is a passionate interest in animals as well as an incredible amount of patience.” And the reason we won't soon see a taxidermied version of Bigfoot even if it is sighted by someone in the field to eliminate all doubt?
“We're very many animal conservationists, too. Most cryptozoologists nowadays are not like John James Audubon or the Victorian Era of zoology. They don't go out and shoot animals to prove they exist. We try for DNA sampling, live captures and photographs.”
The areas that are considered habitat hotbeds for new species research right now, they explain, are those which have recently undergone political transformation, like Vietnam and Laos. The end of the Vietnam War, they said, opened up the floodgates for scientific research, leading to the discovery of “new animals that were really kind of ignored during the war.”
“Only after these conflicts really subside do you find that ‘Oh, wait a second, let's think about the animals'” attitude toward the scientific value of an area's fauna, they say.
Central Africa currently lies within that “artificial wall” of human violence that prevents researchers from safely uncovering what hidden gems of Animalia might exist within. One such, at present, is an aquatic rhinoceros that has been reported but that is feared will become extinct before it's officially discovered.
If that is the case, then it, too, will become a “legend” of what once was … but no less real.
Real unicorns were actually pretty ugly:
Marvel's resurrection of the Amazing Spider-Man franchise this month was marketed to fans as the “return” of Peter Parker, one year after they were ingloriously killed off by Doctor Octopus in ASM #700. Leading off a month of “point one” issues – arguably Marvel's most confounding numbering gimmick – is the first of a two-part story dubbed “Spider-Man: Frost,” scripted by David Morrell (of First Blood fame), with art by industry superstar Klaus Janson. “Frost” is unquestionably one of the most tender and quiet Spider-Man comics I've read in a very long time. It's the kind of contemplative and cerebral story that's right in my wheelhouse.
Unfortunately, after reading some early reviews of the issue, I'm now wondering if Marvel's somewhat bizarre promotion of these point one issues has skewed expectations of fans who were anticipating a legitimate “return” of the Parker status quo, rather than a brief “flashback” that actually reads more like an original graphic novel or one-shot issue disconnected from all continuity. If that's the case, Marvel has not only performed a disservice to its fanbase, but also to this beautifully crafted story by Morrell and Janson.
The first-part of “Frost” reads so differently from all of the other Spider-Man comic books currently being published (and it was one of four to be released this week, so I have plenty to compare it with) and with good reason. During my podcast's interview with Morrell, the veteran novelist and Hollywood writer talked about how they scripted “Frost” as if it were a screenplay. Morrell, whose only previous comic book writing experience is 2007's Captain America: The Chosen mini-series, admitted that they didn't comb over issue after issue of Spider-Man comics to mine inspiration for “Frost.” Instead, they chose to build their entire story around Spider-Man's famous mantra, “with great power, must also come responsibility,” along with Peter's mother/son dynamic with Aunt May, thereby not giving the “Frost” story a concrete time and place. It's a far cry from the wildly operatic orations of current Superior Spider-Man writer Dan Slott, who is so versed in Spidey continuity and history, they could probably tell you without breaking a sweat what color underwear Peter was wearing in Marvel Team-Up #83, and how their choice of boxers over briefs somehow played a role in their battle with the Spot in Spectacular Spider-Man #100.
As a result, I imagine Morrell's approach to “Frost” is going to drive a certain segment of the fanbase batty, as they obsess over (what I consider to be) unimportant questions like, “where does this story fit in?,” as if it actually matters whether or not ASM #700.1 takes place before or after “Brand New Day,” in the Bronze Age or Silver Age. Here's what we know – Uncle Ben is dead, Peter and Aunt May are single and J. Jonah Jameson is the editor-in-chief of the Daily Bugle. That gives us close to 40 years of Spider-Man stories to consider where “Frost” fits in.
Looking past the minutia, the first part of “Frost” presents us with one of the most beautifully written Spider-Man scripts since J.M. DeMatteis' epic ASM #400. Yes, there's no witty Spidey banter and the story's conflict is of the internal man vs. themselves variety, rather than Spider-Man vs. random bad guy of the month, but Morrell's prose is rich and Janson's artwork provides the comic with an almost haunting aesthetic. You want bad guys? Go read Matt Kindt and Marco Rudy's Marvel Knights mini where Spidey is fighting 99 of them. Keep reading Superior where Spider Ock is taking on villains new and old every issue.
ASM #700.1 is the antithesis of a page turner. Instead, Morrell and Janson invite us to linger in their story. There are so many little nuanced scenes that made me stop, reflect and reread. And I expect that the slow, measured pace of the story is by design. Given that the plot of “Frost” is that Peter finds the weight of constantly being Spider-Man slowing them down to the point that their body gives out and can do nothing but sleep as a major blizzard hits New York City, Morrell and Janson's measured pace is appropriate.
Peter's speech to Aunt May about a spider's daily task of building a web, only to see it get destroyed by day's end (a section of the comic's narration we were fortunate enough to have Morrell read on Superior Spider-Talk) echoes the heart and soul of what it means to be Spider-Man. I think as readers, we take for granted that for 50+ years (and running), Spider-Man stories have been pumped out in serial fashion. Every time we crack open a new Spider-Man comic, there's always a new threat, a new problem, a new burden weighing on Peter's shoulders. In the current Superior status quo, the entire thesis of that series is built around this idea of a “new” Spider-Man attempting to prove themselves as Peter's “superior.” Even in death, Peter is burdened … and then one or two weeks later, Slott or Christos Gage, or whoever else is writing a Spider-Man story, breaks down the web and forces the character to build a new one.
It's a surprisingly fresh take on the classic “Spider-Man: No More” premise that has been written about countless times before by other creators. I don't get the sense that Morrell's Peter wants to quit being Spider-Man, but he's aware of their emotional and mental limitations, leading them to question whether they can continue as Spider-Man (regardless of want or need). This idea is further accentuated by Janson's illustration of Peter's costume crumpled up on the floor of the shower (rather than dramatically thrown away in a garbage can like in John Romita Sr.'s iconic image).
And yet, regardless of whether or not they are truly physically and mentally capable of continuing on as Spider-Man, by issue's end, Peter is presented with a situation where they MUST soldier on. The blizzard of the century has trapped everyone indoors. There's no power or heat and a tree limb has just smashed through Aunt May's window. Peter's Spider Sense indicates that something is wrong with May (which may be a bit of a stretch in terms of what their Spider Sense is capable of picking up, but it ties so neatly into the issue's climax that I'm happy to look past it). As Peter, they can do nothing to save Aunt May, but as Spider-Man, there's a chance. And that's your set-up for part two (which is the final part of this arc. Yet another flaw in Marvel's marketing was the vagueness of the solicitations making it sound like these five point ones ALL tied into each other. That's not the case).
The drama of this comic's final few pages is set-up earlier by Morrell and Janson's utterly heart-string-tugging interpretation of the Peter/Aunt May dynamic. This relationship hasn't been written and illustrated with such tenderness and emotional heft in years. One of the many powerful images in this book is Peter clutching May, resting their head on them like a small child would with their mother. On the very next page, Janson draws the same image, except this time the lights inside May's house are on and it's evening outside – indicating a lengthy passage of time where Peter just sat there, resting and seeking maternal nurturing.
Again, I can't help but look at these images and not think back to “second to the right and straight on ‘till morning” in ASM #400. That was probably the last time I was this moved by a Peter and May scene (though J. Michael Strazynski's “The Conversation” is up there as well).
I can't imagine what Marvel was thinking in promoting this comic as some kind of “triumphant” return of Peter Parker (not to mention pairing it with other point ones that look to be a mish-mash of anthology-type short stories that traditionally appear in annual issues). I hope other Spider-Man fans and readers are giving “Frost” the chance it deserves to emotionally make its mark. I haven't even read the second half of the story yet, and still there's a haunting quality to it that I can only compare to how I felt the first time after seeing a movie like Saving Private Ryan, or Breaking Bad's “Ozymandias.” It saddens me that Marvel's editorial team would resort to its usual bombast and hyperbole to misleadingly hype a story that clearly deserves a more meticulous approach.
All images from Amazing Spider-Man #700.1: David Morrell & Klaus Janson
To help those who are used to Photoshop, + Martin Owens has created a collection of GIMP 2.8 tweaks that make it more like Adobe Photoshop.
The tweaks include Photoshop like toolbox icons, keyboard shortcuts, modified dockable dialogs and even a tweaked background color to match Photoshop.
created for GIMP 2.8 so if you use GIMP 2.9 (the latest These tweaks wereso if you use GIMP 2.9 (the latest GIMP 2.10 development builds ), not everything will work. For instance, the keyboard shortcuts might not work properly and there's a minor glitch with the icons there's no icon for the new GIMP 2.9 Unified Transform Tool so the default one will be used instead:
However, I've added installation instructions for both GIMP 2.8 and GIMP 2.9 so you can try this even if you're using the latest GIMP development build, but keep in mind the notes above.
GIMP Photoshop Tweaks: Installation
1. Download the GIMP Photosop Tweaks zip file from DeviantArt (there's a download link on the right) and place it in your home folder.
mv ~/.gimp-2.8 ~/.gimp-2.8.old
mv ~/.config/GIMP/2.9 ~/.config/GIMP/2.9.old
- for GIMP 2.8: simply extract the downloaded zip archive in your home folder (the arhive contains a .gimp-2.8 hidden folder with all the tweaks);
How to revert the changes
Since we've backed up the original GIMP configuration folder, restoring the configuration to the previous state is very easy (firstly close GIMP!):
rm -r ~/.gimp-2.8 mv ~/.gimp-2.8.old ~/.gimp-2.8
rm -r ~/.config/GIMP/2.9 mv ~/.config/GIMP/2.9.old ~/.config/GIMP/2.9
first screenshot via Martin Owens @ DeviantArt
Make a backup of your current GIMP configuration (firstly close GIMP!):Install GIMP Photoshop tweaks: copy the downloaded .zip file to(".config" is a hidden folder in your home directory so press CTRL + H to see it), then extract it and a folder called ".gimp-2.8" will be created (again, this is a hidden folder so if you can't see it, press CTRL + H) - then simply rename this folder to "2.9". You should now have a new GIMP 2.9 configuration folder:Update: this installation script does not support GIMP 2.10. What's more, the GIMP Photoshop icon theme doesn't work with the new GIMP 2.10. If all you're interested are the Photoshop keyboard shortcuts for GIMP though, HERE you'll find instructions for installing them on Windows, Mac and Linux - this works with GIMP 2.10.That's it.
55User Rating: 5 out of 5
Review title of brandondeath777 MOST AMAZING CAR GAME EVER!
This is areally great game but needs updates to be more like the oringal and better.They took away instant kills abilite to swing on vines primary weapons don't count as smacks death animation and lines have been shortened.They can easy change most of this stuff if they updated the game. However they do add stuff thats not in the original such as new weapons as sheep homing bombs , invisible cloak , and a sword. Stunts that make your car jump in the air and gives you 2x smacks and turbos . They added a cool huge map thats a mix of all the other maps. Still with out the cool old stuff It's still a cool cartoon twisted metal multi player awesome car game. They should still add an online mode.
Is Tyrion Lannister and Tony Stark about to cross paths?
Sources tell Variety that “Game of Thrones” star Peter Dinklage is in early talks for a key role in Marvel's “Avengers: Infinity War.”
Marvel had no comment.
Production on the seventh season of “Game of Thrones” recently wrapped. Since the schedule for the show has moved from a summer shoot to a fall shoot, Dinklage's schedule allowed them to board the latest “Avengers” pic which is expected to shoot sometime in early summer.
The plan is shot the next two “Avengers” films (“Infinity War” and a yet untitled sequel) back-to-back. Sources indicate Dinklage is expected to appear in both.
Plot details are vague, other then the superhero team returning to face the Marvel mega-villain Thanos (voiced by Josh Brolin). Dinklage's role is also unknown at this time.
Dinklage is one of the few new cast members to be added to the franchise. Previous stars like Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans are on board to return.
After directing the last two installments in the “Captain America” franchise, Anthony and Joe Russo now take over the reigns of directing the “Avengers” franchise, with the previous two pics directed by Joss Whedon. “Avengers: Infinity War” has a release date of May 4, 2018.
Besides “Game of Thrones,” Dinklage was also recently seen in the Universal comedy “The Boss” starring Melissa McCarthy. He's appeared in a comic book movie before, playing Boliver Trask in FOX's “X-Men: Days of Future Past,” but is new to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Dinklage is repped by CAA.
As a preliminary, a little XS background, which I'll aim not to repeat.
The take on Trump's advantage that seems under-emphasized: They credibly signal a refusal to swerve. I'm not arguing here that it's realistic to trust that. The point is only, the Trump candidacy looks to a substantial swathe of the electorate — at least comparatively — like the strategic choice for not losing at chicken games. As noted in the linked post, when democratic party politics becomes highly polarized, that's the game being played.
Anyone playing chicken through an agent prioritizes certain definite virtues. Trump's rhetoric reflects these uncannily. “Winning” — for instance — is a word to watch.
To see what it is to be a chicken game loser, there's no better model than recent GOP presidential candidates. John McCain appeared to positively delight in the honor of being defeated by Barack Obama in 2008, and Mitt Romney followed quite faithfully in their footsteps. In both cases, which can be extended to the GOP establishment generally, respectability is defined by the sentiment: “Sure, winning would be nice, but we're not going to be crazy about it.” If there's a single key to winning at chicken, however, ‘crazy' is it.
The greater the media onslaught against Trump, given only that they don't flinch, the stronger the signal that he's not a swerve kind of guy. In this respect, the specific content of the attacks is almost irrelevant. The nastier the better. Best of all, if the message gets communicated that this maniac would take us over the cliff, he's already won. From the perspective of this analysis, there's simply nothing else they have to get across. It translates to: With Trump we either win, or at least don't lose. (Objection: “But ‘everyone dies' is losing isn't it?” — Thanks GOPe, but you're not getting this at all.)
Cruz and (to a parodic extent) Rubio look flexible next to Trump. It's not that people think they might swerve — it's what they firmly expect. They seem bendy, and specifically prone to compromise, concessions to media-fabricated realities, back-downs, apologies, and pre-emptive cringe.
Never, ever, even for a moment back-down, laugh at demands for ‘disavowal', double-down on offense, concede nothing, and never swerve. Regardless of what one thinks about this orientation, it's the one hungered for by the Trump constituency right now. Trump's instincts, if not perfect in this regard, are impressively sound. We'll know within 24-hours or so how it's working out.
ADDED: It's chicken all the way down.
ADDED: Trump poker.
Crunchyroll announced on Friday that it will stream the second season of Love Rice as it airs in Japan. The stream will premiere streaming worldwide outside of Asia on Saturday at 10:45 a.m. EDT.
The first 12-episode anime series premiered on April 5. Crunchyroll streamed the series as it aired in Japan.
The anime project anthropomorphizes rice (kome in Japanese) into schoolboys. At the Kokuritsu Inaho Academy ("Rice Ear Academy," a wordplay on national schools), five new rice-inspired students attempt to supplant bread as the popular grain at the school. The new students form the "Love Rice" unit and challenge themselves to perform at the "Harvest Show" to show the delicious appeal of rice grains. The "heartwarming 'kome'dy with laughs and passion" promises to let audiences rediscover the virtues of rice ("Japan's soul food").
Those immortal words belong to James Carville, the Clinton Democratic operative who — with Hillary's approval — set the tone on how the Clintons would treat women who dared accuse former President Clinton of sexual harassment.
And the woman Carville referred to was Paula Jones.
They aren't fancy or rich, just a working woman sexually harassed by Bill when they were governor of Arkansas.
But they were denigrated by Clinton's top advisers as “trailer park” trash, as someone so craven she'd crawl on dirt for the cash to slander Bill.
They were telling the truth. It was a straightforward sexual harassment case. If Bill had been a private-sector CEO, he'd have been fired.
But Hillary and Bill fought back, using the “nuts and sluts strategy,” denigrating Jones and others, including Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey and the intern Monica Lewinsky.
As part of all this, Bill Clinton, as president, lied under oath. They committed perjury. And they were impeached.
Just consider the mental gymnastics it takes to excuse perjury in a sitting president. Consider the lack of character it takes to defend it. Consider the lack of foresight it takes to do this while avoiding the effect it could have on the republic.
Not only was sexual harasser and liar Bill Clinton defended, but they also are politically rehabilitated by many of the same actors, by feminists and by the Democratic insiders. And the damage was done.
Hillary and Bill and their fellow character assassins told us then that character didn't matter. It was all a private thing.
In essence, they helped give birth to Trump. You might say Hillary — protecting Bill to guard their own ambition — was midwife to the Trump campaign.
Because without a rehabilitated Bill Clinton there could never have been a Trump candidacy. Trump would not have been conceivable, let alone possible, were it not for Bill and Hillary and their continuing “anything goes” lack of character.
[From a recent Chicago Tribune column by John Kass]
………………………………………
As always, posted for your edification and enlightenment by
NORM ‘n' AL, Minneapolis
normal@usa1usa.com
612.239.0970
Advertisements
8 Awesome Things We Learned About the Making of 'Sense8'
“Sense8” fans were given a few things to celebrate last week, including a second season renewal on the sensates' August 8th birthday. And we now have something special to fill the hiatus thanks to “Sense8: Creating the World,” a new behind-the-scenes look at the production of the Netflix original series.
READ MORE: Watch: The ‘Sense8' Cast Celebrates Season 2 Renewal (And Their ‘Birthday')
The 25 minute documentary is a fun and illuminating breakdown of how some of the show's most complicated sequences were filmed, along with a few anecdotes about some of the actors' first days and a glimpse of how dedicated the Wachowskis were about keeping things as real as possible. Here are some of the highlights.
1) Filming took place in nine different locations.
Producers wanted the show to feel as organic
as possible and filmed on location, so scenes that were meant to take place in Seoul, Mumbai and Berlin were actually shot in those cities. They also hired local actors and crew members to help keep a realistic atmosphere.
2) Jamie Clayton doesn't know how to drive.
The actor explained that their favorite San Francisco shoot featured the chase scene where Nomi decides to steal a car to escape from the police. As soon as they get in it, Nomi realizes that they don't actually know how to drive, but this is also true of Clayton (good for her, driving in SF is a real bitch), who said that the scene was written perfectly for them
3) “Sense8” often
shot in front of a real crowd.
Riley's introduction as a DJ had Tuppence
Middleton perform between two actual sets at the KOKO without the audience ever
noticing that they aren't a real DJ, and the wrestling match that Lito, Hernando and Daniela attended
was filmed at a real match, with the actual crowd.
Similarly, Nomi and Amanita's scenes at San Francisco Pride were shot during the parade, including the sequence at the actual “Dykes on Bikes” segment of the celebration, where Nomi suffers a headache and falls off their motorcycle.
Aml Ameen also did most of their character's driving around Nairobi in
the Van Damn. At one point, Ameen was pulled over by the police and the crew had to explain
what was going on.
4) The cast shot their scenes in each country all at once, before moving on to the next location and
starting over.
Brian J. Smith compared shooting that way to adding layers
of paint on top of each other, and Tuppence Middleton explained:
“We start in one location and then we all move to the
next location. So, that in itself sort of screws with your mind because you
film everything based on where you are in the world as opposed to where you are
in the story, so that's very confusing.”
Consequently, Miguel Ángel Silvestre's very first day of shooting was their part of the orgy with Nomi, Wolfgang and Will in “Demons.” What an icebreaker that must have been.
5) Some scenes were shot up to four times in different locations
This provided the cast and crew
with space to adjust their performances, and sometimes even the writing, to see if they could
improve a scene based on previous takes in the other cities.
“If they had already shot in San Francisco and Chicago,” explained editor Joseph Jett Sally, “It was important for the directors and the actors to see in Iceland what the scenes were looking like.”
6) The Wachowskis shot the sequences where the sensates connected telepathically as simply as possible.
The scenes weren't filmed using stunts or tricks — instead, the directors implemented clever ways of using the camera, panning out or having another character block the shot to give an actor time to duck or roll out of the frame while their partner jumped into
their place.
Silvestre explained that the connections weren't created through post production editing, but that the actors' movements in each scene were carefully choreographed, using a piece of wall or a shadow to get actors in and out of their shots.
“Every time we do it, it's been different,” Smith added. “We've done actual physical swaps, where someone will slide in on a shot. We've done it so many different ways. It's kind of endless.”
7) The cast grew
extremely close after traveling around the world together for four months.
Middleton
explained that, even though they weren't always together, they and the other
cast members bonded quickly. “I think within about a week of being in San
Francisco for rehearsals, we were like a family.”
Max Riemelt invited the cast to their home in Berlin for
dinner, and Doona Bae was extremely excited about shooting in their home city, Seoul, where they gave the others tours around town.
8) Once all 12 episodes were finished, they were screened together in one day.
The editors were able to have their own binge of the show, which gave them to opportunity to gain a better sense of “Sense8” as a whole, essentially creating a single 12 hour movie — because what's a Netflix original if not incredibly bingeable?
You can watch the entire documentary on Netflix.
READ MORE: What Matters in a TV Premiere? How ‘True Detective' and ‘Sense8' Hooked Viewers
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
COLUMBIA -- Just a day after reports indicated that Texas A&M Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel is working on an insurance policy for next season, it is being reported that South Carolina's Jadeveon Clowney has taken out a $5 million insurance policy.
Darryl Slater of the Post and Courier reports the policy was bought through the NCAA.
The Post and Courier talked to Richard Salgado, who runs Coastal Advisors LLC, a company that provides insurance for pro athletes. According to the report, they said the NCAA's current rates run between $8,000 and $9,000 per million dollars of insurance.
Clowney is viewed as a can't-miss NFL prospect, but d
efensive coordinator Lorenzo Ward said this week that Clowney can get better.
"If I can get them to play 100 percent every time, then they might be unstoppable," Ward told The Post and Courier. "If they want to be the No. 1 player picked in the draft, he's got to play harder. They understand that. Not that they take (plays) off. "
Clowney, who had 13 sacks last year, was asked about breaking the single-season record of 27 held by former Alabama star
Derrick Thomas in 1988.
"I'm going to try to break that, hopefully," said Clowney, who admitted to reporters they didn't know who Thomas was.
On May 5, I witnessed President Barack Obama surrender the moral authority of their office by endorsing pseudo-marriage or "same-sex marriage" during a televised interview. As a Bible believing Christian my initial and enduring reaction was one of utter revulsion and shame. Long ago I determined that this man had lost their moral compass.
On May 5, I witnessed President Barack Obama surrender the moral authority of their office by endorsing pseudo-marriage or �same-sex marriage� during a televised interview. As a Bible believing Christian my initial and enduring reaction was one of utter revulsion and shame. Long ago I determined that this man had lost their moral compass.
Some say that Jesus Christ never spoke of homosexuality. But as an observant Jew, Jesus faithfully kept the Law of Moses, which prohibited this lifestyle. Jesus also clearly taught that God�s original intent for marriage was for this covenant to be between a man and a woman (cf. Matthew 19:4-6). God would never �join together� a same-sex marriage.
My concern is for my beloved country. Increasingly, it is taking the broad way �that leadeth to destruction� (Matthew 7:13) or the road to the fate of Sodom, Gomorrah and the cities of the Plain. They were destroyed by God as a warning to future generations to avoid the way of lasciviousness (cf. Jude 7).
What future does God have planned for America? If Sodom and Gomorrah are any indication, it is not a blessed one. Will it be destroyed by a nuclear fireball or weakened economically to a pathetic fourth-world nation? Our vote and our prayer should be that this does not happen.
Roelf L. Ruffner,
Preacher, Hill Town Church of Christ,
Santa Fe
Those who value wisdom and experience over youth will have been content with Fabio Capello's squad announcement. When news emerged yesterday that Shaun Wright-Phillips, aged 28, had been selected ahead of Theo Walcott, 21, it confirmed a dominant trend in the group of 23 players: a study by the Guardian revealed this is the oldest squad England has ever sent to a World Cup, with a record number of caps to boot.
The average age of 28.7 years pips the previous record of 28.4 established in 1954, a side boosted by the sprightly 39-year-old Stanley Matthews. More significantly it is nearly three-and-a-half years higher than the average age of the World Cup squad four years ago, suggesting minimal evolution of the team in that time.
With age comes experience, however. This England squad have a total of 900 caps between them, an average of 39.1. The previous highest was at Italia 90, when Bobby Robson's side could boast 32.2 caps each.
Inspired by one of their younger number, Paul Gascoigne, that team reached the semi-final but, sadly for those looking for a reason to be excited about England's chances this summer, there does not appear to be any correlation between experience and performance at World Cups. In 1966, after all, Alf Ramsey's triumphant party had a relatively green average age of 26.5 years.
Perhaps Capello is following the template set by their fellow Italians. In 2006 the Azzurri defied their elderliness to win the World Cup with an average age of 29. Last month the Italian league champions, Internazionale, added the Champions League to the season's trophies, José Mourinho's wily and battle-hardened campaigners winning with an average age of 29.7 years.
The best inspiration of all for Wayne Rooney and company is surely England's 2003 Rugby World Cup team. Dismissively nicknamed "Dad's Army" by Australia's Toutai Kefu, Sir Clive Woodward's ageing XV (average 27 years) lasted the pace better than their hosts in the final to lift the Webb Ellis Cup after extra-time.
If David James, Rio Ferdinand, Frank Lampard and England's other "veterans" can similarly triumph against the odds, Trafalgar Square can prepare itself for the inevitable open-top parade. Let's just hope they remember their bus passes.
Colin Kaepernick's net worth is over $100 million, yet they have never donated a dime to the issues about which they claim to be so passionate. They refused to stand for the national anthem, unlike the real American heroes who risk their lives everyday so that they can be an ungrateful schmuck.
Conservative Daily Post In short, here is Kaepernick's statements: “I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder.”
Did you know that Kaepernick was abandoned by their black family as a child and was adopted by a white family? Did they suffer like they claim or was they taken care of when no one else wanted him? You only hear them talking tough now because something else is driving their anti-American anger. Kaepernick CONVERTED TO ISLAM two months ago.
In this Instagram post, Kaepernick is praising and wishing everyone a happy Ramadan. Ramadan is purported to be a peaceful celebratory period, but in 2016, there were 200 attacks and over 1,500 people were killed by Muslim terrorists.
But wait? I thought Kaepernick was sick of seeing bodies on the streets without justice? Let us know if you find a statement from them disavowing the violence of Islam and the targeting of Christians by jihadi's wearing towels on their heads. Hint: You won't.
According to a new ruling handed down today by a secret UK court, the GCHQ—essentially the UK equivalent of the National Security Agency—unlawfully spied on British citizens. The ruling pertains to the intelligence sharing between the USA and UK, where the GCHQ had access to the NSA's Prism and Upstream programs. Basically, because the rules that governed the UK's access to Prism and Upstream were kept secret, the GCHQ contravened two Articles of the European Convention of Human Rights—the right to freedom of expression and information and the right to private and family life.
When Edward Snowden released thousands of sensitive documents in 2013, detailing many of the NSA's signals intelligence programs, it was clear that a lot of the data was being shared with Five Eyes—an intelligence alliance consisting of the US, UK, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia. Armed with this new information, civil liberties groups like Privacy International, Bytes for All, and Amnesty International leapt into action.
Back in 2013, Privacy International filed a complaint over the GCHQ's behavior with the Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT)—a secret, independent court that hears complaints about surveillance overreach by the UK government. In December 2014, the IPT ruled that the GCHQ's future intelligence sharing with the NSA was lawful because the programs were no longer secret. Today, the IPT ruled that the intelligence sharing that occurred before December 2014 was unlawful because the details of the arrangement were secret and thus contravened Articles 8 and 10 of the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR).
Here's the IPT's ruling:
IT IS DECLARED
(i) THAT prior to the disclosures made and referred to in the First Judgment and the Second Judgment, the regime governing the soliciting, receiving, storing and transmitting by UK authorities of private communications of individuals located in the UK, which have been obtained by US authorities pursuant to Prism and/or (on the Claimants' case) Upstream, contravened Articles 8 or 10 ECHR, but
(ii) THAT it now complies with the said Articles.
"It does not need to be this way," said Privacy International. "Our intelligence agencies do not need to be run relying on secret interpretations of secret laws. With independent reviews of RIPA already underway, we hope this success encourages the call for root and branch reform, to bring our intelligence agencies under the rule of law once and for all."
Privacy International will now appeal the second portion of the IPT's ruling—that the GCHQ-NSA arrangement does not violate human rights going forward—at the European Court of Human Rights.
The changes take effect on Monday. ((Halifax Regional Municipality)) Major changes to traffic directions on some downtown Halifax streets go into effect Monday.
Some two-way streets now go in only one direction. One road has become a two-way street and another has changed directions altogether.
The Halifax Regional Municipality believes the changes in street directions will result in better organization of traffic flow.
The changes will allow for 80 new parking spots, as well as bike lanes. They're also supposed to reduce confusion where two-way streets become one-way streets.
HRM by Design made the recommendation and several public consultations were held.
"Could be a little gridlock in the morning. I'll have to leave a little early," said Halifax resident Adam Bower.
But Bower feels ready for a switch in their commute.
"I have seen the signs. I am used to one-way streets. I grew up in Lunenburg," they said.
Taxi driver Jim Knofta said it should be a little easier driving around the area.
"I think so, because of the traffic flow," Knofta said. "Lower Water Street is sometimes a mess down there."
This is the first set of changes to traffic direction downtown. Two more phases, which will include additional downtown streets, are scheduled for next month and March 2012.
Following a brief exchange over Twitter with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, the chief executive of a tech company has accepted the challenge to craft a unified e-payment system for Singapore.
Razer chief Tan Min-Liang told The Straits Times yesterday that the company is now working on a proposal for a nationwide e-payment system that it intends to submit to the Prime Minister's Office in the coming weeks.
"We will submit the proposal in the next 14 days or less, and we expect to assemble a team of some of the best payments engineers and experts in Singapore," said Mr Tan.
Mr Lee had tweeted on Sunday ahead of their National Day Rally speech that there were too many e-payment schemes and systems in Singapore, making it inconvenient for consumers and costly for businesses.
Two days later, Mr Tan replied to the tweet, saying they could get such a system up and running in 18 months.
"Say the word and I'll have the e-payment system rolled out nationwide in 18 months. For Singaporeans. By Singaporeans," they wrote.
EXPERT TEAM We will submit the proposal in the next 14 days or less, and we expect to assemble a team of some of the best payments engineers and experts in Singapore. RAZER CHIEF EXECUTIVE TAN MIN-LIANG, on working on a proposal for a nationwide e-payment system.
EXTENSIVE EXPERIENCE We have a dedicated team for virtual credits and e-payments, and the timeframe is based on our extensive experience with creating a global system for virtual credits and e-payments. MR TAN, who believes the project can be completed within their proposed timeframe.
To that, Mr Lee responded: "Make me a proposal, and I will study it seriously."
Mr Tan said their team started preparing a proposal right after Mr Lee responded on Twitter, and they reiterated their belief that the project can be completed within their proposed timeframe.
"We have a dedicated team for virtual credits and e-payments, and the timeframe is based on our extensive experience with creating a global system for virtual credits and e-payments," said Mr Tan.
Razer recorded revenues of US$392 million (S$534 million) last year and is best known for its line of gaming accessories.
However, in recent years, the United States-registered company has ventured into areas such as professional audio, mobile phones and, most recently, e-payments.
Razer set up its own online currency system, called zGold, in January. Users purchase zGold with cash and can use it to buy Razer accessories or games through Razer's partners, which nets them discounts or gift vouchers after they have spent a certain amount.
Mr Tan did not reveal details about their proposal and it is not yet clear if Razer will simply be another entrant in an already crowded market.
There was also no information on how it intends to tackle some of the challenges of digital payments.
Discussions on e-payments of late have centred on issues like the higher transaction costs and the gap between the time payment is made and received.
Mr Tan said: "We will share more information when we are ready."
Meanwhile, Foreign Minister and Minister-in-charge of Singapore's Smart Nation initiative Vivian Balakrishnan has also reached out to Razer, inviting Mr Tan to meet.
Mr Tan said the fact that PM Lee responded to them on Twitter was a sign of the Government's commitment to technology.
"When Singapore's PM responds on ideas through Twitter, you can be sure they are serious on the Smart Nation initiative," they tweeted yesterday.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Badass:
Matt Urban was nicknamed "The Ghost" by their German enemies during WWII for their quirky habit of coming back from shit that would kill 10 normal men. We could end this article right here and let your imagination fill in the details, but you probably wouldn't even come close to the insane truth.
Their campaign of carnage began in June 1944 in France, when their company came up against a German unit with machine guns and tanks. But where their men probably saw panzer death tractors with cannons mounted on them, Urban saw some odds they really liked. Snatching up a bazooka, they dodged roughly a million bullets and blew up two of the tanks. Later, while still in the fight, Urban unfortunately took a 37mm tank-gun round to the leg. However, shrugging that shit off, they continued leading their men through to the next day, when, in a different attack, they suffered a second wound and was evacuated ... but only briefly.
Imperial War Museum via Wikipedia
"Wait, this isn't the way to Berlin!"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For you see, while recovering from their wounds in an English hospital, Urban learned that their unit had suffered severe casualties in Normandy. So they left the hospital and hitchhiked/limped back to rejoin their men. By the time he'd reached them, they were under heavy enemy fire with two of their tanks destroyed and a third left unmanned. Literally having to support themselves with a cane due to their badly injured legs, Urban manned a machine gun (completely exposing themselves to the enemy) and covered their men as they climbed into the tank and rained fire and death on the Germans.
Days later, possibly worrying that their reputation as an immortal was in danger, Urban strategically took a bunch of shrapnel to the chest and survived. Unfortunately, the unbreakable captain finally ran out of luck when they got shot in the fucking neck and- Wait, what? They actually survived that, and despite losing their voice, led their men to victory, survived the war, and lived for another 51 years?!
White House via Toledo Blade
Urban explaining to President Carter that the hug is over when they say it's over.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Well, that's all well and good for him, but what about all of those mentally scarred Germans who probably kept checking under their bed for The Ghost well into their nineties?
Bitcoin Finally, PayPal goes “ALL IN” with Bitcoin
Finally, PayPal accepts bitcoin and signs partnerships with BitPay, Coinbase and Gocoin
Today, PayPal gave “Bitcoiners” good news. Scott Ellison, PayPal's Senior Director has revealed the companies that will be working with PayPal in the bitcoin integration in an attempt to increase the adoption of bitcoin worldwide. The first completed project is an integration with PayPal's Payments Hub, which is their alternative payments platform for digital goods. Customers with a bitcoin wallet will now be able to purchase items and other digital content directly with bicoins.
The company states this is PayPal's next step in helping merchants accept Bitcoin payments and has entered into agreements with leading Bitcoin payment processors BitPay, Coinbase and GoCoin. The company's choice to work with BitPay, Coinbase and GoCoin was primarily made because of PayPal's commitment to offer innovative and safer ways for businesses to accept payments.
Scott Ellison commented:
“PayPal is excited about all the innovations taking place in payments these days. More choices in how people create value, share it, buy, sell and trade it; that's exactly what PayPal is all about. We believe Bitcoin offers unique opportunities as more people and businesses experiment with it. PayPal is excited to work with BitPay to offer new experiences and the trusted service their customers expect.”
Earlier this month Paypal already announced that businesses working with Braintree will soon be able to accept Bitcoin as a payment option through their innovative v.zero SDK and relationship with Coinbase. Now, merchants using the PayPal Payments Hub can create a BitPay merchant account and provide the API credentials into the Payments Hub admin. Customers with a bitcoin wallet will then be able to pay with bitcoin for games, music, videos, news, ebooks, and other digital content.
The company made clear that it has always embraced innovation, but always in ways that make payments safer and more reliable for our customers. PayPal approach to Bitcoin is no different. That's why the Company is proceeding gradually, supporting Bitcoin in some ways today and holding off on other ways while testing the waters. Furthermore, the Company will comply with regulations in any case, so virtual currency exchangers and administrators interested in working with PayPal in the future should secure the appropriate licenses and put anti-money laundering procedures.
The three Bitcoin exchange businesses all feel that this is the major step towards acceptance, and strongly believe thing are going to run much faster now.
Coinbase Team commented on their site:
“The news follows closely on the heels of our recent announcement with PayPal's Braintree, a relationship referred to by its CEO, Bill Ready, as PayPal's “first foray” into bitcoin. As we continue to work with Braintree and collaborate with its developers over the next several months, this relationship with PayPal will provide another immediate opportunity to bring bitcoin to more and more consumers and merchants.”
PayPal also reassured that it hopes to do more with Bitcoin as the ecosystem continues its evolution.
link to source
Photo source 1:thelibertybeat
Photo source 2:tu.no
Photo source 3:en.bitcoin
In the beginning, in the crucible of the Los Angeles punk scene at the turn of the ‘80s, there was no mistaking what Black Flag stood for: Opposition. To everything. I don't care what you have to say/ It makes no difference anyway, sang Groucho Marx in Horse Feathers, with jaunty nihilism. Whatever it is [BOMP!] I'm against it. Or to put it in Black Flag's terms: I wanna live/ I wish I was dead. The riffs were prophecies, the solos were freedom, the shows were bloody, and the lyrics were the wound of existence itself: Depression's got a hold on me/ Depression/ Gotta break free. Unbearable sensitivity was expressed with unanswerable power.
The songs broke their own toppling, tearing momentum with catastrophic time-slumps. Between songs, bassist-bodhisattva Chuck Dukowski would walk in tight, furious circles, silently shouting. The band didn't look like punk rockers; they looked like recently fired janitors. But L.A. is a horizontal city, and Black Flag's music blew holes in the ideological field, such that everything in a 30-mile radius that wasn't nailed down—every surfer/skateboarder, druggie, skinhead, indigent artist, curious soul, and every rejected emotion—came rushing into the breach. The LAPD took an oppressive interest, regularly —and violently—shutting down shows. (This fucking city/ Is run by pigs!) Black Flag worked very hard, penitentially hard, somehow combining vast amounts of not giving a fuck with a non-stop underdog campaign of snarling self-promotion.
And behind or below it all was the riddling, inaccessible intelligence of the artist Raymond Pettibon, Ginn's younger brother. Pettibon had given the band its name, its logo—the infamous and ubiquitous bars, four black rectangles offset to represent the rippling of a (black) flag—and, via the flyers that they designed and that were then splattered all over L.A. to advertise upcoming shows, a graphic identity that amounted to a kind of poetic molestation. Weird sex jokes; hideous boisterous cheerleaders; Jesus figures; Manson figures; authority figures; a black man with a demonically erect penis hoisting a terrified little white cop over their head: In Pettibon's flyers a personal netherworld of imagery seemed to conjoin with the Californian id at its most chaotic level.
Doesn't it all sound like another world? It probably was. To foist your bohemia on an indifferent public, to harrow the complacent, to shake it up ... Joe Carducci, the outsider intellectual who helped run Black Flag's label SST, takes the long view: “Our closing frontier,” they write in their 2008 memoir Enter Naomi, “was the sixties cultural revolution as it died out in the seventies and early eighties. In retrospect the Black Flag/SST story looks like a cultural analogue to the Manson-Weathermen-S.L.A.-Black Panther-Nixon White House-People's Temple endgame—art just had more life in it than crime or politics or religion.”
Syd LeRoy is the Chapter Organizer at the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union. Prior to joining the NYCLU in 2018, Syd developed spaces for LGBTQ youth in public housing community centers in East Harlem, and helped create the area's first LGBTQ library and resource center. Syd was previously the executive director of Center for Inquiry (CFI) New York City where they organized a team of dedicated volunteers to create community for advocates of science and secularism. While at CFI, Syd also served as deputy director of Camp Inquiry for seven summers, where they created a space for youth to be emotionally intelligent critical thinkers.
Syd has a B.A. in Studio Art from CUNY Hunter College, and earned an M.S.W. from the Silberman School of Social Work at Hunter College where they studied Community Organizing, Planning and Development with a focus on policy. They live in Suffolk County, where they were born and raised, with their partner Evan and all their little plant babies.
Photo by Dan Monick
L.A. hardcore revivalists OFF!, the supergroup lead by Black Flag co-founder and longtime Circle Jerks frontman Keith Morris, accompanied by Burning Brides' Dimitri Coats, Mario Rubalcaba (Hot Snakes/Rocket From the Crypt/Earthless), and Redd Kross' Steven McDonald, are back. They'll follow up their excellent debut collection First Four EPs with a self-titled full-length, out May 8 via Vice. But keep in mind, this is OFF! we're talking about. "Full-length" means 16 songs in 16 minutes.
The band has also announced a number of SXSW performances as well as record release shows in New York, San Francisco, San Diego, and at home in L.A.
Watch a Pitchfork.tv feature with OFF! after the tracklisting and dates.
OFF!:
01 Wiped Out
02 I Got News For You
03 Elimination
04 Cracked
05 Wrong
06 Borrow and Bomb
07 Toxic Box
08 Man From Nowhere
09 Jet Black Girls
10 King Kong Brigade
11 Harbor Freeway Blues
12 Feelings Are Meant to Be Hurt
13 Vaporized
14 503
15 Zero for Conduct
16 I Need One (I Want One)
OFF!
03-16 Austin, TX - SXSW Power of the Riff, Scoot Inn
03-17 Austin, TX - SXSW Dickies House, Lustre Pearl
03-17 Austin, TX - SXSW NXNE Showcase, Club Deville
03-18 Dallas, TX - Bro Fest, Club Dada
03-24 Santa Ana, CA - Burger Records Fest, The Observatory
05-08 Los Angeles, CA - Whiskey A Go Go
05-11 San Francisco, CA - Slim's
05-14 San Diego, CA - The Casbah
05-29 New York, NY - Bowery Ballroom
06-02 Barcelona, Spain - Primavera Sound Festival
The Chelsea striker has raised some profound issues about transfer fees and freedom of movement that have troubled even the biggest clubs for some time
W hat is your favourite Diego Costa moment? Perhaps it is the one where they manage to get Gabriel Paulista sent off for a retaliatory kick just by standing quite near him, muttering and smiling like some horrible, handsome, impossibly terrible footballing Iago.
Or it may be the 2-2 draw with Tottenham where Mark Clattenburg books 12 players but not actually Costa, who has a hand in at least five of those yellows, all the while maintaining an attitude of prim and saintly innocence. Or the 3-1 defeat of Arsenal where Costa “scare-assists” their team's final goal by running towards Petr Cech and making Arsenal's goalkeeper perform their best impression of Shaggy from Scooby Doo confronted by a double-dealing fairground owner in a zombie mask.
Chelsea demand striker Diego Costa returns to club and gets match fit Read more
Now we have this, the endless summer of Diego. As of this week Costa has spent half the summer and the opening week of the Premier League season holed up in their family home in Lagardo pretending to be inconsolably offended by a text message, all the while painting their current employers as bounders, cads, insufficiently “respectful” and so on. And in the process they have raised some profound issues about transfer fees and freedom of movement that have troubled even the biggest clubs for some time.
It is now 22 years since the Bosman decision in the European Court of Justice. Its effects are still working their way through football. What is certain is that the game has been transformed around it. And that clubs, governing bodies and players' representatives all know we are not quite done with a process that might just have taken a step forward this summer.
But back to Diego. There was always a chance Costa's time at Chelsea would end in a mess. Footballers are often described as being up for the fight. Costa is not just up for it.  They are the fight, a man whose entire concept of sport is based on a no-holds barred test of all human capacities, including the mental resilience to rise above the goadings of a sharp-elbowed striker with an infuriating line in wounded innocence.
Costa has been a stellar Premier League player through two league titles, 57 goals and almost 400 fouls. It has been wonderful theatre at times. But at the end of this only the hardest heart could fail to raise a smirk of schadenfreude at the sight of Chelsea's chief weapon of footballing chaos turning their guns on their own employer.
The situation is unlikely to have been eased by Costa's comments in a fascinating interview in the Daily Mail. Relaxing on full pay at their family home, Costa suggested Chelsea are “treating them like a criminal”. Like Ariel, the harmless sprite of the forest, all they crave is to be “set free” – agents, contracts and sole approved destination pending.
Like a drunken row on a bus, it can take a while to understand exactly what everyone's arguing about. A quick recap on how we got here. In January Costa was dropped briefly after some unrest behind the scenes and reports of a huge offer from China. Chelsea let it be known they had no intention of selling. Later that month Tianjin Quanjian said plans to sign Costa had been scuppered by new Chinese Super League rules. Costa suggested they had no intention of moving to China anyway.
Nobody really knows the exact ins and out of this mid-season shemozzle. All that is certain is Costa has been linked with a move away throughout their time at Chelsea; that their form dropped off a cliff after that; and that Antonio Conte sent Costa a text message in early June that apparently read: “Hi Diego, I hope you are well. Thanks for the season we spent together. Good luck for next year but you are not in my plan.”
Costa immediately leaked this to Spanish TV. Their brother Jair announced that Costa was all set on moving on and had had “lots of offers”. Since when they have been at home in Lagardo, refusing to train at Chelsea, yawning off their club fines and now smiling, a little sadly, at their team's understandable state of confusion at the start of the Premier League season.
The offending text message looks quite polite, all things considered. Certainly it's more conciliatory than the text Costa might have received in similar circumstances from, say, Brian Clough or Stan Cullis. Footballing mores dictate that players simply don't behave like this.
“In January, things happened with the coach,” they have said. “I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it. I suspect the manager was behind it.” Well, yes Diego. This is how football works. You do not get to upset the coach mid-season and still have them warmly support your offer of a new contract.
From a purely footballing view they have no real gripe. Players are shifted on all the time and hear about it in far less courteous fashion. Costa has already been replaced, and replaced well, by Álvaro Morata. The path from here is well trodden. Get fit. Find a new club. And stop bleating on about respect.
At which point things get complicated. “Why won't they let me go if they don't want me?” Costa has asked. “I want to go to Atlético Madrid.”
The most obvious answer to which, not stated but implied, is that Chelsea are either refusing to sell, given the knockdown price Costa would fetch right now; or asking a price Atlético Madrid are unwilling to pay.
“I have rejected other offers,” Costa goes on. “They want to sell me to China or other teams. The language is better for me in Spain. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to, not the club that's paying the most.”
At which point, if you listen closely, you can hear the entire superheated industry of professional club football starting to quiver. Costa's lawyer has already suggested they will use “all legal mechanisms” to get the move they want. How would this work in practice? In the real non-footballing world it seems laughable you could be denied the right to leave your job and work for another employer, or told only certain selected future employers are acceptable.
Football has come a long way since to retain and transfer system, whereby a player's registration was owned by their club, who could in extremis refuse to release it and force a former employee into retirement. The Eastham judgment in 1963 relaxed this owner-and-chattel relationship. Bosman attacked clubs' rights to have a say on a player's employment beyond the end of their contract. Other rulings have already suggested there is headway to be made challenging further the power of clubs to “own” a player's employment prospects.
Diego Costa accuses Chelsea of being unfair and treating them like a ‘criminal' Read more
Costa aside, this is a huge live issue given the number of top footballers currently out with a bad case of wanting to play for someone else. Philippe Coutinho wants to work for Barcelona. Virgil van Dijk wanted to work for Liverpool. Both have broken the code by taking steps to decide their own professional destiny.
Football will remain a special case. Clubs must be protected. Academies and player production systems must be presented with an incentive to produce footballers and stop the whole ramshackle circus from falling to pieces. But for all their infuriating sense of entitlement, their clod-hopping failed powerplay, Costa is undoubtedly on to something.
Three things are possible from here. Conte leaves before Costa does and the most improbable of Premier League comebacks becomes a very, very distant possibility. Chelsea and Atlético reach an agreement that makes this whole sorry mess disappear. Or, at a long shot, the man known during their Albacete days as “that fucking Brazilian” gets to wreak their own peculiar havoc on football's transfer system at a time when, quite frankly, anything seems possible out there.
This is by far the best tandoori tofu recipe. I have tried many over the years and this one takes the cake! (or tofu, hehe).
My aunt who is a fabulous cook uses this recipe for chicken, I just replaced the chicken for tofu and it was delicious! Not only that, but it was incredibly easy to make – the perfect quick weekday meal.
Ideally, you will want to prep this the night before.
Ingredients for Tandoori Tofu
1 block extra firm tofu, sliced
1 block extra firm tofu, sliced 1 cup yogurt (use vegan yogurt if you're vegan)
2 tbsp fresh garlic, chopped
1/2 tsp salt (or to taste)
1/2-2 tsp red chilli powder (I use 2 but I like it spicy!)
3 tbsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
Directions for Tandoori Tofu
Combine all the ingredients, except the tofu, into a bowl Add tofu slices to the sauce mixture and ensure that all the tofu is covered with the sauce Marinade overnight in the fridge (or a couple of hours) Pre-heat oven to 400 on bake Oil a baking tray and place tofu onto tray (you will have excess sauce, use it as a dip if you please!) Cover baking dish with foil and bake for about 40 minutes Remove the foil paper and broil each side for about 5-10 minutes
Enjoy! 🙂
Activision's upcoming first-person shooter Modern Warfare 2 includes scenes "designed to evoke the atrocities of terrorism," the publisher told Kotaku today.
The scenes are so powerful that despite already having a Mature rating, players can choose to skip playing through it.
Details of the scene came to light after footage from the game was leaked on the Internet. Activision says that the footage comes from a game obtained illegally and "is not representative of the overall gameplay experience in Modern Warfare 2."
You probably want to stop reading now if you don't want to hear anything about the game.
"Infinity Ward's Modern Warfare 2 features a deep and gripping storyline in which players face off against a terrorist threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse. The game includes a plot involving a mission carried out by a Russian villain who wants to trigger a global war. In order to defeat him, the player infiltrates their inner circle. The scene is designed to evoke the atrocities of terrorism.," according to the statement provided to Kotaku from Activision.
Advertisement
"At the beginning of the game, players encounter a mandatory "checkpoint" in which they are warned that an upcoming segment may contain disturbing elements and they can choose not to engage in the gameplay that involves this scene. Consistent with its content, the game has been given an "M" for Mature by the Entertainment Software Ratings Board. The rating is prominently displayed on the front and back of the packaging, as well as in all advertising."
It sounds like Modern Warfare 2 isn't planning on riding on the success of its predecessor. Whether the game goes too far will have to wait until all of us can play the game and experience the scenes in context.
EDIT: Unfortunately this Ram's Horn is shuttered, but the horn of the ram lives on elsewhere.
For an early breakfast after my favorite LAX-DTW red-eye, my parents took me to Ram's Horn in Farmington Hills. Ram's Horn is one of those restaurants that every town just needs. They have no specialty and they definitely don't excel at anything. It's typical American fare that you can count on at a good price. And it will never leave you disappointed. Or at least that had always been my experience, but this was my first breakfast visit to the place.
I hoped that their breakfast would be just as good as everything else I'd ever eaten there, so I ordered their Texas French Toast with blueberries and whipped cream for $4.99. Ram's Horn is also a pretty efficient restaurant, so within no time, my breakfast was served. The bread was huge and the blueberries were the kind that came in a jar, which was kind of what I expected. I jumped right in and found that the Ram's Horn breakfast met my expectations. The French toast was tasty and reliable, but wasn't especially innovative. It wasn't stuffed or deep-fried or infused with bacon, but it was good and I couldn't really ask for more.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - When it comes to in vitro fertilization, well-fed sperm are happy sperm, according to a new study that found what men eat (and drink) is linked to the chances their partner will become pregnant during fertility treatment.
A fertility-friendly diet is one that's high in fruit and grains and low in red meat, alcohol and coffee, Brazilian researchers report in the journal Fertility and Sterility.
While previous work has linked being too heavy or too thin, as well as smoking and drinking, with reproductive problems in women, it hasn't been clear if the same applies to men during IVF treatment.
“We talk about having a healthy lifestyle and trying to eliminate any of these things that are bad for health, but I think most of the emphasis tends to be on making sure the woman is as healthy as possible,” said Dr. Lynn Westphal, a women's health and fertility specialist at Stanford University Medical Center in Palo Alto, California.
The new study “Reinforces that it's important for both the male and the female to be eliminating as many bad things in their diet or their life as possible,” Westphal, who wasn't involved in the research, told Reuters Health.
The new study involved 250 men who, together with their partners, were undergoing a type of fertility treatment called intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) at one center. Researchers asked the men how often they ate a range of foods, including fruits and vegetables, beans, grains, meat and fish, as well as how much they drank and smoked.
They also got semen samples from the men to analyze how healthy and well concentrated their sperm were and kept track of how every step of the IVF process went for each couple.
Eggs were successfully fertilized in about three-quarters of the treatments, and just under four in ten women got pregnant during the study.
From the speed of their sperm to their partner's chance of pregnancy, men who imbibed and ate poorly were slowed down on the fertility front.
Being overweight and drinking alcohol were linked to lower sperm concentration and motility — how well sperm swam. Smoking was tied only to negative effects on motility. Alcohol and coffee were both linked to a lower chance of fertilization. Embryo implantation rates, as well as pregnancy rates, were significantly lower when men ate lots of red meat.
On the other hand, eating more cereal grains (such as wheat, oats or barley) was associated with improved sperm concentration and motility, and fruit was also linked to a speed and agility boost in sperm.
“I think this is really interesting data that lifestyle factors for the men, even when you're doing ICSI, are significant,” Westphal said. “This is probably more of a difference than most people would have thought.”
The findings are consistent with the idea that certain vitamins, minerals and amino acids may help maintain or improve semen quality, while too much alcohol and certain hormones in processed meat could be harmful to sperm, wrote Dr. Edson Borges, Jr. from the Fertility-Assisted Fertilization Center in São Paulo and their colleagues.
Westphal pointed out that other behaviors in men, such as spending a lot of time in hot tubs, could hinder fertility treatment success. They added that any diet and lifestyle changes men might make to try to improve their sperm are going to take a few months to pan out — so it's not just about eating better for a few days before IVF.
In couples undergoing fertility treatment, Borges and their colleagues concluded, both men and women should know that their diets and lifestyles may affect their chance of having a successful pregnancy.
SOURCE: bit.ly/vJVFYj Fertility and Sterility, online November 10, 2011.
A Texas woman is facing charges after their two children died as a result of being locked in a hot car.
Cynthia Marie Randolph admitted that they locked their children in the car last month to teach their two-year-old daughter Juliet “a lesson” after the child had refused to get out of the vehicle.
Juliet Ramirez and their brother, 16-month-old Cavanaugh Ramirez, were pronounced dead at 16.30 on 26 May.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Temperatures at the time were about 35.5C, according to police.
The children had been locked inside the car outside Randolph's home near Lake Weatherford in Parker County.
The sheriff's office said “throughout multiple interviews, Randolph created several variations of the events which led to the death of their children”.
Randolph originally said the children were playing in the back room of the house and "took off". They said they climbed into the car by themselves and locked it from the inside.
They also said they had broken the window to save them.
Later, the 24-year-old confessed that they had found the children playing in the car just after midday, and they refused to leave, so they locked the doors, thinking “she could get themselves and their brother out of car when ready”.
Randolph went inside their house and smoked marijuana. They then fell asleep for between two and three hours.
They admitted they broke the car window to make the deaths look like an accident.
Randolph faces two felony charges of injury to a child causing serious bodily injury.
According to a campaign called No Heat Stroke, there have been 714 cases of children dying after they were left in hot cars since 1998, and 14 children have died so far this year alone.
The same database found that 17 per cent of these cases were due to the children being deliberately left inside a vehicle by an adult on a hot day.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Congress managed to pass a tax bill in December — a great relief to tax professionals like myself. But what our legislators didn't do was address the fundamentally unfair way the United States taxes people who work for a living compared with people who live off of the earnings of their investments.
Our current system hits working Americans with punishing rates compared with what the investing classes are charged. A generation's worth of legislative twists have left our tax code so warped that during the coming filing season, one married couple bringing in $150,000 in total income from two jobs could find itself paying almost three times as much in federal income taxes as another couple that is alike in every way — except for the source of its income.
The tax code started to tilt in the direction of favoring income from investments — or favoring the 1%, if you will — more than 20 years ago. In 1993, the year Bill Clinton took office, a married couple claiming the standard deduction — with no children, tax credits or other adjustments to income — and earning $75,000 apiece in wages, would have paid $35,650 in federal income taxes.
A similar couple, whose income came solely from long-term capital gains, would have gotten a small break thanks to what was then the 28% top rate on those gains. Their total tax bill, $34,158, would have been about $1,500 lower than that of the wage earners.
By 2000 — the year George W. Bush was first elected — the tax gap between wage earners and investors had already opened up. In that year, our two-wages couple would have paid $33,607 in taxes. They also would have paid that amount if all of their income had been from stock dividends; there was no preferential treatment for dividends at that point.
But the couple whose income came from long-term capital gains would have paid $23,025 in taxes — almost a third less.
Fast-forward to the 2014 tax season. Our two-income couple are still working full time to make the same $150,000 (not a farfetched scenario in our new-normal era of stagnant wages). After a decade's worth of inflation adjustments to their tax bracket, their tax bill is now $24,138.
And the couple living off of their investments? Their tax bill — whether their money came from long-term capital gains or qualifying dividends — has been slashed to $8,385, or a little more than one-third of the tax load on wage earners.
Some of my clients who get their money from unearned income find this discrepancy unbelievable when they compare their federal taxes to their state bills. During this tax season, I know I will have clients — in California and Oregon, where I live — who will pay more in state income taxes than they do in federal taxes. I may even have some clients who will be stunned to learn that they face a four-figure state tax bill while paying exactly zero in federal income taxes for the year.
The reason: The federal code provides that there is no tax on capital gains or qualifying dividends for people in the 15% income tax bracket. That means that a Los Angeles married couple filing jointly for 2014 with $94,100 of adjusted gross income, all from long-term capital gains and qualifying dividends, would pay nothing — zero! — in federal income tax. But their California tax bill would be north of $3,000.
How did we get to this point? No legislator ever campaigned saying, "Tax laborers more than investors!" But several changes in the code since the early 1990s, including lowered tax rates on capital gains and lowered rates on qualified dividends, have conspired to produce that result. My high-income clients were dismayed last year by the new 3.8% net investment income tax, which applies to joint filers with modified adjusted gross incomes of more than $250,000 ($200,000 for singles), but that affects relatively few filers and, perversely enough, applies to non-tax-advantaged income such as rentals, as well as to dividends and long-term gains.
Neither political party gets sole credit nor blame. President George W. Bush was most aggressive about pushing such tax changes, but breaks for unearned income were also passed and extended under both the Clinton and Obama administrations. Supporters argued that lower rates would benefit retirees living on fixed incomes and also spur investments. But the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities says that almost half of all long-term capital gains in 2012 went to the top 0.1% of households by income. For the nearly 60% of elderly filers who had incomes of less than $40,000 in 2011, the lower rates were worth less than $6 per household.
In 1924 — a different era to be sure— industrialist-robber baron-Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon wrote in support of treating wages more favorably than investments. "The fairness of taxing more lightly income from wages, salaries or from investments is beyond question," they wrote. "In the first case, the income is uncertain and limited in duration; sickness or death destroys it and old age diminishes it; in the other, the source of income continues; the income may be disposed of during a man's life and it descends to their heirs. Surely we can afford to make a distinction between the people whose only capital is their mental and physical energy and the people whose income is derived from investments."
Well, that's certainly not going to happen any time soon. But leveling out the tax treatment of wages and investment incomes would increase both the perceived and actual fairness of the tax code. It would eliminate preferences that distort investment and financial planning decisions. A fairer code might also increase respect for the system and improve tax collection rates overall.
Having your newborn baby boy circumcised used to be a common practice in the United States, but in recent years, more parents are opting out. According to Charge Data Master, newborn circumcision rates declined from 58.4 percent in 2001 to 54.7 percent in 2010. Yet these numbers don't take into account circumcisions performed outside of the hospital – such as those for religious reasons.
“I think parents realize babies are born perfectly intact,” said Anthony Losquadro, executive director of Intaction.org, a non-profit organization that opposes infant circumcision. “Although the reasons have tried to be rationalized over the decades as a necessary procedure, I think parents are becoming more educated on the issue.”
There has also been a change in the demographics as certain ethnicities are declining the procedure and a cultural shift where parents are realizing it's not necessary, according to Dr. Andrew Freedman, a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics task force on circumcision. Financial access is another factor as Medicaid covers routine circumcision in only 30 states.
Several studies conducted during the 1970s and 1980s confirm that babies experience some pain from circumcision. And even though topical and local anesthetics are used, they don't eliminate the pain completely.
Nevertheless, when used, pain relief methods are effective. According to a 2004 report published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, when pain relief methods were administered, babies had lower heart rates and spent less time crying than the placebo group.
“There's no question that these pain control techniques reduce the pain, and there's no viable excuse not to use some form of pain relief,” Freedman said.
However, some doctors don't use an anesthetic because they are either unfamiliar with using it or they think it could cause side effects, according to the Circumcision Resource Center. According to a 2005 study published in the journal Academic Pediatrics, of the residency programs that taught circumcision, only 84 percent used an anesthetic frequently or always. Regardless, Freedman says many hospitals have policies in place that spell out what the minimal pain control standards should be.
Like any medical procedure, there are also several risks associated with circumcision. Since the clamp used is so large, it can be difficult to ascertain how much of the foreskin to remove, according to Losquadro. “It's really guesswork on the part of the doctor as to how much skin to remove,” they said.
In 2010, the makers of the Mogen clamp, one of the three types used for circumcision, closed its doors after several lawsuits were brought against the company for botched procedures. Yet the devices are still in use.
Circumcision is associated with other risks as well, such as bleeding, infection, skin adhesions, scarring, and curvature of the penis. But it's important to note that these effects are extremely rare. According to a report published in the journal BMC Urology, severe complications occurred at a frequency of just 2 percent in two of the 16 prospective studies.
And despite the risks, circumcision has several benefits. In August 2012, the American Academy of Pediatrics issued a revised policy statement, which outlines the advantages of circumcision.
For one, there is a decreased risk of urinary tract infections within the first year of life. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, the risk of a urinary tract infections within the first year of life is 1 in 1,000 for circumcised boys and 1 in 100 for uncircumcised.
Circumcision has also been shown to reduce the risk of penile cancer and provide protection against the transmission of sexually transmitted infections. According to data studied by the American Academy of Pediatrics, cases of herpes simplex virus type 2 were 28 percent to 34 percent lower in men who had been circumcised. In addition, the risk of contracting HPV was reduced by 30 to 40 percent with circumcision.
The risk of contracting HIV is also significantly lowered when a boy is circumcised. According to the World Health Organization, the risk of a woman infecting a circumcised man with HIV is reduced by approximately 60 percent.
The American Academy of Pediatrics also cites the prevention of foreskin infections, phimosis—the inability of the foreskin to retract—and easier hygiene as benefits of the procedure. In addition, they did not find any data to conclude that circumcision alters sexual function or sensitivity.
“On balance, we feel that the benefits probably outweigh the risks, but not by such a margin that we're advocating circumcision for everybody,” Freedman said.
“Circumcision cuts across more paradigms than purely the medical decision,” said Freedman, who cites religious and cultural reasons for having the procedure – as well as aesthetics, personal identity, and the choices families make generation after generation. “The medical aspect is never going to be the knockout punch, because it's going to be a decision based on a lot of factors.”
What you should know
Experts agree that choosing for or against circumcision is easier before giving birth, because sleep-deprivation, recovery from childbirth, and other issues can make it more difficult to make an informed decision. It's also important for both you and your partner to agree because if a problem does happen, it can create conflict later.
If you decide on circumcision, find out who will be performing the procedure—a pediatrician or an obgyn— if that person is comfortable with the procedure, and what type of pain relief will be available before and after. Make sure you know the side effects you should look for and how to care for your baby afterwards. If your baby will not be circumcised, speak with the pediatrician on how to provide proper hygiene for your son/
In the end, whether you decide to have your baby circumcised or not, it's a personal decision that you should feel confident making. “There's no single right or wrong answer. Your child's going to be fine one way or the other,” Freedman said.
The list of people who have voiced their objections to Avatar for one reason or another . . . is long. Most, of course, are simply trying to hitch their particular agenda to Avatar's success-- even if that means they have to rub shoulders with their ideological foes As for me, I only have praise for Avatar. It succeeded on every level. It was exactly what it needed to be. Nevertheless, I've detected something in Avatar's wake that is somewhat bothersome to me. It strikes me that audiences and critics are dismissing out of hand the environmental rape depicted in Avatar as if it were just another stretch of James Cameron's sci-fi imagination. This group denial of Avatar's nod to realism has served to remind me that humans are really and truly willfully ignorant of the severity and extent of the environmental atrocities being committed by us in the name of progress, greed and humanity each and every day, right here on planet earth.What's more, that there is such a thing as '…
Indiana Governor Enforcing Law Banning Name Change
A transgender man who is being prevented from legally changing their name is suing Indiana Gov. Mike Pence for the right to do so. Identified in court filings only as "John Doe, formerly Jane Doe," the 31-year old man, a Mexican immigrant who was granted asylum in the U.S., told Buzzfeed News' Dominic Holden, "It is embarrassing to present an ID that doesn't show who I am."
"It shouldn't be be this hard just to be yourself," Doe added.
A 2010 Indiana state law being enforced by Gov. Pence bans Doe from being allowed to change their name, because they are not a U.S. citizen.  They are suing to have the court rule that their due process, equal protection, and privacy rights under the Fourteenth Amendment are being violated.
"A couple weeks ago, I had to call [the] insurance company to change records, and they wouldn't talk to me because they said my voice doesn't match my name. I had to go through different procedures to show it was me," Doe says to illustrate their plight.
Pence has a long and storied history of being anti-immigrant, as does their presidential running mate, Donald Trump. The Indiana Republican also has a challenged relationship with the LGBT community, especially after signing into law an anti-gay "religious freedom" bill last year.
Image by Gage Skidmore via Flickr and a CC license
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
A Georgia lawmaker wants to penalise Muslim women from wearing hijabs, niqabs, and burqas in public, raising concerns of laws targeting religious freedom as hate crimes spike in the aftermath of Donald Trump's election win.
Republican state representative Jason Spencer introduced a bill to alter the language of an already existing anti-masking law to include any hood or veil while posing for their driver's license photo, the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported.
Shape Created with Sketch. Muslim fashion designer features hijabs at New York Fashion Week Show all 8 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Muslim fashion designer features hijabs at New York Fashion Week 1/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 2/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 3/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 4/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 5/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 6/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 7/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 8/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 1/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 2/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 3/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 4/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex 5/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 6/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 7/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features 8/8 Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week Rex Features
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The original anti-masking law passed in 1951. It targeted Ku Klux Klan members as a way to prevent them from committing anonymous violence while wearing their Klan hoods. But Mr Spencer wants to expand the law, they claim, to women driving on public roads, making it a misdemeaner if they are wearing their traditional headwear.
However, the language of House Bill 3 suggests the prohibition could apply to any public property.
“For the purposes of this subsection, the phrase ‘upon any public way or property' includes but is not limited to operating a motor vehicle upon any public street, road, or highway,” the new line would read.
The current law reads:
A person is guilty of a misdemeanor when they wear a mask, hood, or device by which any portion of the face is so hidden, concealed or covered as they concealer the identity of the wearer and is upon any public way or public property or upon the private property of another without the written permission of the owner or occupier of the property to do so.
Area Muslim advocacy groups warn that they will sharply oppose the bill.
“The bill is a bad solution to a nonexistent problem,” executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Georgia, Edward Ahmed Mitchell, told the Huffington Post. “[Muslim women] are not endangering themselves or anyone else.
“We have a new president, but not a new Constitution. The bill is unnecessary and unconstitutional, and we intend to oppose it if it goes forward.”
After Mr Trump's election, many Muslims in the US expressed "trememdous levels of fear", as some claim they were warned to no wear their hijabs. Many expressed their concerns on social media.
"My mom literally just texted me 'don't wear the Hijab please' and she's the most religious person in our family," one woman wrote.
Another woman stood defiantly: "I am proud to be Muslim. I am proud to wear a hijab. I may be scared for my safety, but I will not let myself fear [Trump]."
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The fifth installment of our 25 Montreal Canadiens in 25 days series is dedicated to defenceman Nathan Beaulieu.
Beaulieu had expectations he'd only spend a year in the minors before making the jump to the NHL, but rarely do things work out so smoothly for defensive prospects – even ones with astounding major junior track records.
As a standout with the Saint John Sea Dogs, they recorded 152 points and was a remarkable plus-124 in 233 QMJHL games. They helped the team to back-to-back QMJHL President Cup championships in 2011 and 2012 and had a big hand in helping them become the first team from Atlantic Canada to win a Memorial Cup (2011), as they earned one of six all-star spots in the tournament.
Among Beaulieu's other pre-NHL achievements included playing for Team Canada at the World Junior Championship and finishing tied for the team lead in scoring with the AHL's Hamilton Bulldogs in 2012-13 (31 points).
He's had flashes of brilliance in limited NHL experience and if they stay on track, he'll play a significant role in improving Montreal's blueline.
Who: Nathan Beaulieu | No. 28 | Mid-pair defenceman (left) | 6-foot-2 | 202 pounds | @natebeaulieu | Age: 22
Acquired: 2011 NHL Draft (Round 1, 17th overall)
Contract status: Two years, $1 million AAV (expires 2017)
2014-15 Stats: 64 GP | 1 G | 8 A | 9 P | 15:41 TOI | 48.9 CF%
Career stats: 87 GP | 1 G | 12 A | 13 P | 14:59 TOI | 50.4 CF%
The book on 2014-15:
There's no question last season was a process for Beaulieu. While their ice time varied, they fought valiantly to win over their teammates, both figuratively and literally.
This tilt with then-Leafs forward David Clarkson was a big factor in helping Beaulieu become part of this team. It's noteworthy that Beaulieu stepped in for Gonchar because the weathered blueliner's acquisition in November did wonders for Beaulieu's game.
The two proved to be a formidable pair before Gonchar got injured, and the lessons learned by the young defenceman under the experienced Russian's tutelage proved invaluable as the season wore on.
With Gonchar out, Beaulieu worked confidently in Montreal's top-four leading up to Jeff Petry's arrival in March.
And though Beaulieu's production was sporadic throughout the season, the Canadiens went 10-3-1 when they played 18 minutes or more. Beaulieu didn't hit the 18-minute mark in any post-season contest, although they recorded an assist and was plus-1 in two and a half games before this thundering hit fractured their sternum.
Beaulieu showed resilience by only missing seven games with the injury before returning for Game 5 of Montreal's second round series with Tampa Bay.
Off-season updates:
After signing a two-year, $2 million bridge deal on June 13, Beaulieu took a fishing trip with their father Jacques before plunging back into their off-season regimen of CrossFit training in London, Ont., with instructor Dave Henry.
“I've always been a big believer in not staying away from the ice for too long,” said Beaulieu in a recent interview. Hence, in addition to playing in a Sea Dogs alumni game and hosting a charity hockey game to benefit a family friend recovering from a serious car accident, he's been skating regularly in London with several notable NHLers.
A photo posted by Nathan Beaulieu (@natebeaulieu) on Aug 9, 2015 at 6:59pm PDT
2015-16 outlook:
There's a fine line between confidence and cockiness and it took some time for Beaulieu to straddle it in the way management expected them to.
Beaulieu may not have originally seen the value in paying their dues at the AHL level for as long as they had to — they were practically distraught over having to play eight games there in 2014-15 — but the experience both focused and humbled him.
“It took a lot of patience, it was a journey” they said this summer.
General manager Marc Bergevin explained why Beaulieu needed some extra seasoning.
“When a guy keeps their shift to 25 seconds, I can see that they don't want to be on the ice,” the GM said. “He doesn't want to make a mistake, and when you play that way, eventually you'll make a mistake.”
Those tendencies were apparent as Beaulieu bounced between the AHL and NHL.
The frequent demotions strengthened their resolve. Their perseverance in trying to seize a permanent role and be an impact player with the Canadiens offered evidence that he's tenacious enough to elevate their game further.
Now 22, the Strathroy, Ont., native is expected to be a fixture in Montreal's top-four this coming season. And there's every reason to believe he'll live up to the billing.
They have all the necessary skills to bolster the power play and is poised to be one of Montreal's most effective players at even strength.
Offensively, the bar of expectation should be set at 20 points – and it's reasonable to think they could exceed that total. On the defensive side, there should be no concern about playing them against stronger competition.
This season should be a breakout year for Beaulieu.
Ivanka Trump faced an immediate backlash online Friday after they told an audience in Tokyo that the sexual harassment of women at work should “never be tolerated.”
During their address at the World Assembly for Women, President Donald Trump's daughter and adviser said that “all too often, our workplace culture fails to treat women with appropriate respect.”
Them well-intentioned comments didn't garner a positive reaction, however, as many on Twitter pointed out their father's history of misogyny and their often-demeaning attitude toward women. In particular, they cited the comments they made on the 2005 “Access Hollywood” bus ride with the show's former host, Billy Bush:
Tell dad — enweer mohamed (@EnweerMohamed) November 3, 2017
Maybe they can tell them the next time they say the next time he'd like to date them if they aren't their daughter — Iain McCowie (@IainMcCowie) November 3, 2017
That poor woman having a father who was recorded for all the world to hear bragging about sexually assaulting women. How hard would hat be? — Linda Williams (@Looby007) November 3, 2017
Right I see. Oh. @IvankaTrump maybe let your Dad @realDonaldTrump know how you feel. — screamingcow78 (@screamingcow78) November 3, 2017
Well they should start with their Daddy — Amy 🇦🇺 (@AmyandColin) November 3, 2017
Ironic .... — pussygalore (@gaynorbailey007) November 3, 2017
Tell Twitter fingers that — Joseph Christian (@WriteYourWrongz) November 3, 2017
Unless it is my Dad....That is just Lockerroom talk and should be ignored. — Thaddeus Arjuna (@ThaddeusArjuna) November 3, 2017
Well...except when “Daddy does it” — Michael DeFauw (@DeFHoez) November 3, 2017
GMB says it will seek judicial review if Transport for London does not guarantee more rights for drivers
Uber has come under further pressure in London after a union threatened legal action if the capital's transport authority renews the taxi app's licence without guaranteeing more rights for drivers.
In a legal letter sent this week, the GMB union warns Transport for London (TfL) that failure to impose conditions which guarantee income for Uber drivers while limiting their number in the city and the hours they can work would “breach the relevant standards of reasonableness and would accordingly be unlawful”.
The GMB said it would apply for permission to seek a judicial review of the licence agreement if TfL did not apply the new conditions.
New Uber blow as European legal adviser says service should be licensed like taxis Read more
The union argues that Uber's current business model in London necessitates drivers working excessive hours “to the detriment of the health and safety of Uber drivers in London and of other road users”.
The dispute over the terms of Uber's licence is due to be settled via arbitration, and the GMB said if this route was chosen the company's licence should be renewed for only a six-month period in order to allow the matter to be resolved. The term of Uber's current licence is five years and the new one is expected to be of a similar length.
The threat of legal action from the GMB comes after Uber drivers and the Licensed Taxi Drivers' Association, the trade body for London's black-cab drivers, called for minimum employment rights and better regulation of private hire taxi operators including the US company.
The GMB backed a successful employment tribunal case last year against Uber that ruled its drivers were not self-employed contractors but workers, and were therefore entitled to the national minimum wage and holiday pay. Uber has appealed against the ruling. The original case involved 19 Uber drivers. The GMB said a further 41 drivers have joined the claim.
GMB has also lobbied the mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, who has close ties to the union, to step in.
An Uber spokesperson said: “Millions of Londoners rely on Uber to get a reliable ride at the touch of a button and thousands of licensed drivers make money through our app.
“Almost all taxi and private hire drivers in the UK have been self-employed for decades and with Uber they have more control over what they do. Drivers who use Uber are totally free to choose if, when and where they drive with no shifts, minimum hours or uniforms. Last year drivers using our app made average fares of £15 per hour and were logged in for an average of 30 hours per week.
“The vast majority of drivers who use Uber tell us they want to remain their own boss as that's the main reason why they signed up to us in the first place.”
Despite the protests, TfL is expected to renew Uber's licence. A TfL spokesperson said: “We do not comment on the status of individual licence applications.”
Under proposed new rules, the amount that Uber and other private hire operators pay for a licence could rise dramatically. Over the next five years, Uber's bill could rise from about £3,000 at present to more than £2m, under a new scheme that would charge higher fees to operators with more cars. However, consultation on the new fees does not close until June and any new rules may not come into force for some time.
SPIELBERG'S BIOPIC LINCOLN just garnered 12 nominations for the 85th Academy Awards, taking the top spot. The nominated categories include Best Picture and Actor for Daniel Day-Lewis who plays the 16th president.
My question: To what extent do these nominations reflect great filmmaking versus Lincoln himself? Could Lincoln represent a force for political harmony today?
This month is the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation. This week, we marked this watershed by describing Lincoln's signing and asking how optimistic you are in 2013, discussing how the Proclamation was only the first step in a still-incomplete journey to freedom, how Lincoln's chronic melancholy may have fueled their greatness, and what Lincoln's face tells us about the man and the president. We end the week by considering what Lincoln means to us today.
Lincoln is widely regarded as one of our finest presidents, according to a Gallup poll. Ronald Reagan and John F. Kennedy join Lincoln as the top three presidents. But only Lincoln has broad bipartisan appeal. Reagan ranks high because they are revered by Republicans, not by Democrats. JFK ranks high because they are first among Democrats. Republicans put them last. Only Lincoln is popular among Republicans, Democrats, and Independents.
Lincoln is also unique because they are revered across the generations.  They are considered the greatest president by 20% to 23% of every age group, from young adults to Americans 65 years of age or older.
Lincoln's twin goals were to preserve the union and end slavery. By keeping the union together, they passed the severest test ever of the American experiment. We have seen divisive times since then, but none that rival the war between North and South. By signing the Emancipation Proclamation, they started the nation down another road toward unification.
Amidst fears of culture wars and class warfare today, Lincoln stands as a reminder that any divide can be overcome. “Indeed,” write Gallup analysts, “200 years after their birth, Lincoln may be one of the nation's most powerful forces for political harmony.”
What does Lincoln mean to you?
Are they a force for political harmony today?
Please, leave a Comment below.
Originally published at www.OurValues.org, an experiment in civil dialogue about American values.
Canadian content in next week's MLS SuperDraft got deeper and more interesting Wednesday with the addition of youth internationals Shamit Shome and Adonijah Reid as the first-ever Generation Adidas Canada class.
Under the Generation Adidas program, top collegiate underclassmen and youth national team players are signed by Major League Soccer and made available in the league draft. They are especially prized given Generation Adidas contracts do not count against an MLS team's salary budget.
Every No. 1 pick in the SuperDraft since 2003 has been a Generation Adidas product, including Canadian forward Cyle Larin in 2015.
Story continues below advertisement
MLS has also signed four college seniors, including Canadian forward Brian Wright (University of Vermont) to contracts ahead of the Jan. 13 draft in Los Angeles. Former Duke underclassmen Jeremy Ebobisse was signed by the league in August.
Like Shome, Reid and Wright, Canadian midfielder Kwame Awuah (UConn) and forward Chris Nanco (Syracuse University) have been invited to the MLS Combine, which starts Sunday in Los Angeles.
Shome, a 19-year-old native of Edmonton who came up through the FC Edmonton academy, is a midfielder who spent 2016 with the North American Soccer League club and the Canadian under-20 team.
Reid, a 17-year-old forward from Brampton, Ont., played for ANB Futbol in suburban Toronto and has been involved with the Canadian under-15, under-16 and under-18 programs.
The two Canadians are joined by three others in the 2017 Generation Adidas class. The others are forward Abu Danladi and midfielder Jackson Yueill, both of UCLA, and Syracuse defender Miles Robinson.
Shome, a nominee for Canadian under-20 player of the year, saw plenty of action for the Eddies in 2016. They logged 1,729 minutes in 29 appearances in all competitions and captained the national under-20 team.
For Canadian under-20 coach Rob Gale, those numbers are significant. Shome won the confidence of Edmonton coach Colin Miller, a former Canadian international and interim national team coach, and earned minutes in the NASL ahead of older players.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"[It] just shows that he's got a bright future ahead of him," Gale said. "A lot of clubs will be looking at that and saying, 'He has been tested.' Whereas a lot of the youngsters come out of college etc., it's a big jump up to senior professional ranks."
Gale sees Shome as an energetic box-to-box midfielder who "connects the game well."
Shome's chance to crack MLS is bittersweet for Miller and FC Edmonton, given their role in their development. But Miller wishes their player nothing but the best, pointing to their strength in character as well as their soccer skills.
"The sense of entitlement with young players is quite shocking, I think. Not just in Canada at times but worldwide football. Players expect everything to be handed to them," Miller said.
"This young man stayed humble right to the very end and was a real credit to their family ... You want to see good things happen to kids and this is one of the game's good kids."
Reid has grown up in the ANB Academy, working their way through its ranks while going overseas for trials. They turned heads as a 15-year-old, tying for the league goal-scoring lead in Ontario's League 1.
Story continues below advertisement
"He's got undoubted talent," Gale said. "It's really going to be interesting how they develop and grows once he's in that full-time professional environment where he's got to compete. But he's a dynamic forward, they can play probably in any of four front positions. For us, he's been a winger using their speed and quality in one-versus-one positions."
Gale said Reid gave a U.S. team headaches in a game at an under-18 camp in October, 2015.
"He's got a big upside," Gale said.
Minnesota United FC will select first in the 2017 SuperDraft, followed by fellow expansion team Atlanta United FC. The Vancouver Whitecaps pick seventh, with the Montreal Impact 19th and Toronto FC 21st.
From the dusty desolation of Paris, Texas to the sizzling stages of Buena Vista Social Club, the TIFF Bell Lightbox is taking us On The Road with Wim Wenders. Their latest retrospective will showcase everything from beautiful restorations of their early work, which helped change the face of German cinema, to their latest experimentations in documentary.
Here, Brad Deane, Senior Manager of Film Programmes at TIFF, takes us through a pivotal scene in perhaps Wenders' best known work, 1987's Wings of Desire. The story of a Berlin-based angel who yearns to join the human world, it serves not just as an introduction to the ideas and obsessions that mark Wenders' career, but the playful humanity and genius construction that made them such a pivotal figure in German cinema.
WASHINGTON ― Democratic National Committee chairperson Tom Perez became the first head of the party to demand ideological purity on abortion rights, promising Friday to support only Democratic candidates who back a woman's right to choose.
“Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman's right to make their own choices about their body and their health,” Perez said in a statement. “That is not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state.”
“At a time when women's rights are under assault from the White House, the Republican Congress, and in states across the country,” they added, “we must speak up for this principle as loudly as ever and with one voice.”
Perez's statement follows the DNC's controversial embrace of Heath Mello, a Democratic mayoral candidate in Omaha, Nebraska, whose years-long history of voting against abortion rights in the state Legislature drew fire from progressives this week. Daily Kos, a liberal website that raises money for lesser-known Democratic candidates, pulled its endorsement of Mello this week after discovering their history on the issue, and NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue slammed the DNC for adding them to its cross-country unity tour.
“The actions today by the DNC to embrace and support a candidate for office who will strip women — one of the most critical constituencies for the party — of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing, it is politically stupid,” Hogue said in a statement.
Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman's right to make their own choices about their body and their health. Democratic National Committee chairperson Tom Perez
Perez initially defended the DNC's acceptance of an anti-abortion Democrat.
“Our job at the DNC is to help Democrats who have garnered support from voters in their community cross the finish line and win ― from school board to Senate,” Perez said. “The biggest threat to women's reproductive rights is the relentless Republican attacks on women's health care, including legal, accessible abortion services. And I won't let anyone get in the way of our fight to protect a woman's right to choose.”
But Perez changed course Friday and delivered a big victory to the reproductive rights movement, saying that they “fundamentally disagree[s] with Heath Mello's personal beliefs about women's reproductive health” and that “every candidate who runs as a Democrat should do the same, because every woman should be able to make their own health choices. Period.”
Perez's statement will likely alienate some high-profile anti-abortion Democrats in the party, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards and Sens. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Edwards said at the Democratic National Convention in 2016 that the party might be more successful in the Deep South if it allowed more anti-abortion candidates to rise in the ranks.
“It's hard to remain a big-tent party if you have a very small platform,” they said. “We have to make our voices heard.”
Reproductive rights advocates agree with Perez that the party must stand firm on the issue. Hogue celebrated the victory for the movement on Friday.
Lobeline inhibits nicotine-evoked dopamine release and [3H]nicotine binding, thus acting as a potent antagonist at both alpha3beta2() and alpha4beta2() neuronal nicotinic receptor subtypes. However, lobeline does not release dopamine from its presynaptic terminal, but appears to induce the metabolism of dopamine intraneuronally. Reevaluation of the mechanism by which lobeline alters dopamine function reveals that its primary mechanism is inhibition of dopamine uptake and promotion of dopamine release from the storage vesicles within the presynaptic terminal, via an interaction with the tetrabenazine-binding site on the vesicular monoamine transporter (VMAT2). Thus, lobeline appears to perturb the fundamental mechanisms of dopamine storage and release. Based on its neurochemical mechanism, the ability of lobeline to functionally antagonize the neurochemical and behavioral effects of the psychostimulants amphetamine and methamphetamine was examined. Lobeline was found to inhibit the amphetamine-induced release of dopamine in vitro, and amphetamine-induced hyperactivity, drug discrimination, and self-administration.
Story highlights Bob Greene: Napolitano will be responsible if decision to allow knives on planes brings disaster
Greene: Rule would allow blades under 2.36 inches. But knives were used in 9/11 attacks
They say airline workers and some lawmakers are opposed; Napolitano so far won't budge
Greene: What if an angry or drunk passenger loses control? The new rule is insanity
How would you like to be Janet Napolitano on the day the first person is stabbed or slashed on a commercial airline flight?
Usually, it would be unfair to personalize the question like that; second-guessing a public policy decision after the fact is always easy.
But in the case of the dimwitted decision to lift the prohibition against passengers carrying knives onto airplanes, Napolitano, the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, will be the one to get the direct blame if something terrible happens in the air, because they have been given ample notice that people who make their living flying think the idea is inexplicable and highly dangerous.
In early March, the Transportation Security Administration -- a part of the Homeland Security bureaucracy -- announced that it would soon allow knives with blades shorter than 2.36 inches in length, and no wider than a half-inch, to be carried onto flights.
There was immediate outcry from members of Congress, pilots and flight attendants. Many people may have assumed that, because the decision was so nonsensical, it would soon be scrapped. But it hasn't been; April 25 has been set as the day when, for the first time since restrictions were instituted after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks, passengers carrying knives will be permitted to board any commercial flight. Napolitano and the TSA have shown no inclination to reconsider.
Bob Greene
It was passengers carrying blades, of course, who carried out the 9/11 attacks. But Napolitano has been adamant, even flippant, in dismissing the concerns about the wisdom of welcoming blades back onboard.
The Christian Science Monitor reported that, at a breakfast sponsored by that publication, Napolitano rebuffed the critics by comparing them to a comedic character once played by a popular actor in the early years of "Saturday Night Live":
"It's kind of like Gilda Radner, you know, if it is not one thing, it's another."
Napolitano's chief official at TSA, John Pistole, has said that by freeing TSA screeners from looking for small knives, they will be able to "better focus their efforts on finding higher threat items such as explosives." They also said: "A small pocket knife is simply not going to result in the catastrophic failure of an aircraft."
U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm of New York -- he, like Pistole, is a former FBI agent -- recalled those blades (not explosives) that resulted in the 9/11 carnage, and characterized the refusal of Homeland Security and TSA to rethink their position as "borderline idiocy."
Grimm is wrong only about the "borderline" part.
Will every passenger with a knife present a danger? Of course not, and that isn't the issue. An infinitesimal percentage of passengers board a flight with deadly intentions. The enormously expensive and technologically sophisticated post-9/11 security measures are in place precisely because their presence is meant to deter those few passengers bent on destruction. Why would you possibly go to the trouble of electronically frisking everyone boarding a flight, and then wave the passengers carrying knives right onboard?
Last week, members of the Association of Flight Attendants handed out leaflets at large airports around the country, asking for the public's help in trying to convince Homeland Security and the TSA to change their minds. The association said: "The people on the front lines of aviation security know that allowing knives on planes is a bad idea."
JUST WATCHED Small knives to be allowed on planes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Small knives to be allowed on planes 06:00
JUST WATCHED TSA chief: Explosives are bigger threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH TSA chief: Explosives are bigger threat 01:55
JUST WATCHED What a pocket knife could do on a plane Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What a pocket knife could do on a plane 03:30
And the Flight Attendants' Union Coalition released a letter from the family of Sara Elizabeth Low, an American Airlines flight attendant killed on 9/11. The family addressed the letter to TSA Administrator Pistole:
"We are astounded by the lack of understanding and thoughtlessness that this terrible decision reflects. ... The terrorists have to be laughing at how naïve our government continues to be. ... For the safety of flight crews, passengers and those potentially affected on the ground, please reconsider this terrible decision. Take a page from the doctors' oath and 'first do no harm.'"
The plan to allow the knives won't even speed up the airport screening process. Try to imagine the scene at the front of the lines, as already overworked TSA agents are forced to take tape measures or rulers and gauge the length and width of knives, as travelers insist their blades are shorter than 2.36 inches or that they aren't more than a half-inch wide. Try to envision the arguments that will ensue.
So stubborn is Homeland Security and the TSA about refusing to reconsider the new policy that officials -- why they would choose to say these things out loud is incomprehensible -- are rationalizing their knives-on-planes initiative by publicly declaring that other items onboard could also be used to harm passengers and crew: "If you are talking about a small knife, there are already things on a plane that somebody can convert into a small, sharp object," Napolitano said.
Summer is coming, and with it flights that are jammed to capacity, passengers who are irritable and hot, delays that make blood pressure rise. It won't even have to be a terrorist -- just a drunken, enraged or emotionally disturbed passenger who has been given permission by the government to bring a knife along with him.
Napolitano, at that Christian Science Monitor breakfast, was quoted as saying that it was the handling of the announcement of the new rules that was the problem: "Where we could have done better, quite frankly, was a little more legislative and public outreach before we announced the decision. Try to give it a softer landing, as it were."
They couldn't be more wrong. It wasn't the handling of the announcement that was the problem. It wasn't a lack of "public outreach." The problem was -- and is -- the policy itself.
A policy that will -- unless Congress or the White House steps in -- put knives back into the hands of air travelers before this month is out.
Clickbait much? But seriously. One of the skincare questions a few people have asked me in the last months couple is, “Don't you have to constantly replace all these products you're using?!” And, it's true, I do burn through the products I currently use at a more rapid clip than before. But isn't that really a good thing? Why spend the money on products you're not going to use? The key is to not waste products you're spending money on.
In the past I think I've generally used more product per application than is probably necessary. Now, I'm more conservative: most of the products I use that have a pump dispenser need only one pump per application. Start there and build if you need more. For products in a tube like lotions and creams, start with a dime size amount.
Toners and essences that have a watery consistency are where it gets tricky. I've read many bloggers who say that they don't use cotton pads/balls because they feel it wastes too much product. I get where they're coming from: it takes a lot more product to keep a cotton pad/ball damp enough to adequately cover the skin. But applying with my fingertips has always felt clumsy and equally wasteful.
That's where these Selena Multi-layer Cotton Puffs come in. They are ultra thin cotton sheets that comes in “booklets” of 5 sheets (see below). I fold one sheet in half to use with my Missha Time Revolution First Treatment Essence and MUN Anarose Toner. These are definitely not as sturdy as an old-school pad/ball, but they work well with much less product on them. And this is your face we're talking about, so you should be gentle anyway, right?
Each box comes with 80 booklets and 400 individual sheets per box. I use two in the morning and two at night, so each box lasts about 3 months. They are $7.44 per box on Amazon, which is about half as much as it costs for the same number of cotton pads. And another bonus worth noting: they take up SO much less space than 6 sleeves of cotton pads!
One last reason to love these: you can use them to make your own at-home sheet mask with your favorite essence, serum, or treatment! As you can see below, you can soak a booklet of these sheets with your favorite treatment and apply sheets across your skin to create a leave-on mask. These are Japanese puffs and are commonly used in combo with Rohto Hadalabo Gokujun Hyaluronic Lotion (a hydrating toner and cult favorite in the Asian beauty world – I've tried it but jury's still out on if I love it or not). So fun, right?
So! Save product, save money, and save space in your beauty drawer.
What are your tricks to save product or save money on your beauty routine?
Advertisements
The flagship trend of the article is the economic faltering of the “casual dining chain”, companies like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's. These suburban chapels of reheating and fortune 500 brand alcohol have been underperforming expectations quarter after quarter. In August, Applebee's announced the closure of 135 stores, blaming its failures on a strategy of attempting to attract millennials and forget its “Middle American roots.”
To continue on the trend of generational competition and analysis that brought you the baby-boomer and the gen-x soccer dad, the business press has an obsession with millennials. Who amongst us hasn't read about how millennials are the darnedest thing, too lazy to work and too radical to fit into the traditional lives of their fore-bearers. The latest in this genre of clickbait gallery news article, “ ‘Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing countless industries from napkins to Applebee's ,” inadvertently shows the trends that mark a decline in the general economic and practical outlooks of those on the neoliberal treadmill of the post 2008 financial crash.
It may be shocking that the franchise which makes an 11.79 Dollar All Day Burger — a ketchup-drenched bacon cheese burger with hash browns and a fried egg — is faltering in this 2017 stage of late capitalism. One is to presume the burger is called the All-Day burger because it is the only thing you will do all day after entering a sodium laced coma. Once you leave Applebee's you need to drive your car directly to your subdivision to pass the fuck out.
These losses for a company like Applebee's are not exclusively related to multilevel marketing campaigns, like highlighting their wood-fire steaks to bring in all the Lumineers-style heritage bro's to the casual dining experience. These restaurants are expressly targeted at the exact kind of class disappearing from the country: the middle-class suburbanite who can go out to eat 3 or 4 times a week to a place like Applebee's, someone who's among the top 50–70 percent annual income in the country
This middle-class, like those below them on the economic ladder, have borne the brunt of an era of massive wealth redistribution and exploitation. Labor's productivity continues to expand, especially with investments in education and technology, yet this class is consistently lagging behind the top of the economic system. These trends show a dissipation of the middle class power base of the liberal socioeconomic consensus that drove America in the 20th century.
I will not shed a tear for the slow evaporation of these corporate monoliths that pop up every three exits on the highway. Like Walmart, their presence in the market pushed out local businesses, edging us towards an even more complete national monoculture in the name of economic freedom. However, their faltering highlights the growing inequality within our society, where younger adults are less likely to own homes, make a decent living, and afford to just casually go out to eat.
While emphasizing the millennial destruction of middle American values like casual dining, beer, motorcycles, football, and, of course, napkins, Business Insider never addresses the economic dimensions to these trends. When they speak about the faltering of NFL viewership, they highlight how fewer millennials have cable than other generations, saying that millennials have opted for different ways of watching television like watching games in groups or on their phone. Business Insider opts to frame this fact as a social and cultural trend operating in a classless vacuum, ignoring the cost of a 125 dollar cable bill every month for those making 35,592 dollars a year, the average yearly income for those between 16 and 34.
These cuts made by Applebee's are fitting within the lore of the company's history as a symbol of the Middle America fetishized by the political center. September 4th, 2017 marks the ten year anniversary for the tome of peak Washington consensus, Applebee's America. In this book, three veterans of the post-90's Higher Broderist era interview people at exurban Applebee's across the country to find the truth about the American Voter. Co-author Ron Fournier, ever the doofish centrist, looks forward towards a “Generation 9–11”. This generation, they posed, would be “more optimistic, civic minded, and politically active” than any other generation. A year after “Applebee's America” was published, Lehmann Brother's collapsed, pushing the post Cold War economic project into a panic, radicalizing a generation through the hard truth of the modern capitalism.
Damn right millennials are “psychologically scarred.” No generation has been so constantly impacted by the system that is neoliberalism, with billions of us feeling crushed by a flattening of society and economic system that is built to funnel wealth to the wealthy and working the rest to the bone. The expansion of monopoly power in every facet of our lives is heightening the singular stratification of our societies between the owners and everyone else. Fournier was right, millennials are becoming more politically engaged than ever before, just maybe a little more to the left than the ex-John McCain sycophant may have imagined. This is the price of inequality.
Sometimes, when love is in the air, it's like nothing matters — eating, sleeping… keeping an eye on your bank account and making sure not to send a bunch of money to someone you've never met. A man who was tricked into sending $70,000 to an online suitor is now suing OKCupid for not warning them that such a thing could happen.
The New York man filed the lawsuit in Manhattan Supreme Court, claiming that OKCupid's reputation made them feel “safe” and they trusted the profile of a man they met on the site in February 2013, reports the New York Daily News.
The 65-year-old says that after a whirlwind romance consisting of days chatting on the site, and later exchanging emails, the two were talking on the phone a month in. That's when the man says their new paramour started asking for money to fund their business.
“Believing their story because they now trusted [the man] based on their multiple daily conversations,” the plaintiff made two wire transfers of $12,000 total to a name that wasn't their suitor's in Texas.
The money was returned to their bank and the suitor then asked the man to send the money to another account, under another name, elsewhere in Texas. They also sent a third transfer of $12,000 to someone in Canada and yet another to England.
Sigh. Just a reminder at this point — if this is happening to you? It's a scam. Don't do it.
After leaking $70,000 total, the man grew suspicious of the fake receipts, and said the money went to their suitor's account instead. Their friends helped out by finding the guy on the Internet, where their name was listed on a website of known scammers.
Out of money and probably out of luck when it comes to nabbing, the guy, the man thinks their former love is back on OkCupid, looking for new victims. He's suing OKCupid for not warning users that such a scam could happen.
We've reached out to OKCupid for comment, but in the meantime, we can't say it enough: Do not send someone you've never met a whole lot of money. Actually, don't send anyone a whole lot of money if you don't know them really, really well.
Queens man who gave $70,000 to man they met on OkCupid.com suing dating site for failing to warn them about dangers of online dating [New York Daily News]
As exit polls showed Likud and Zionist Union neck and neck in Israel's elections, Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu dubbed the results "a great victory for the Likud party, a great victory for the national camp headed by Likud, a great victory for the people of Israel." Head of the Zionist Union said their party would wait for final results, and vowed to try and form a center-left coalition.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
At the Likud's main event, a beaming Netanyahu they told their voters they would not form a unity government with the Zionist camp.
Photo: AFP
"Against all odds we pulled out a major victory of the Likud. We achieved a major victory for our people. I am proud of the people of Israel. Now we must form a strong and stable government that will defend the security and welfare of all Israeli citizens."
They committed to their supporters that "we promised to deal with the cost of living and the housing crisis – and we will."
The Zionist Union, meanwhile, refused to concede despite being tied with the Likud they would work to form the next government.
Celebrations at the Likud headquarters (Photo: Motti Kimchi)
"This result allows us to return to power," said Herzog to supporters at a sports arena in Tel Aviv. "We will wait for the final results, we talked to the chiefs of the relevant parties and we will wait. But I promise to make every effort to form a government dedicated to social issues in Israel."
Disappointed activists at Zionist Union headquarters (Photo: Ido Erez)
The Zionist Union leader, who had been leading in the polls ahead of Election Day, said the faction and its supporters "had achieved something exceptional" and thanked their co-chief, Tzipi Livni: "We would not have reached this moment without the wonderful partnership with Tzipi Livni."
Some activists did find in exit polls cause for celebration (Photo: Ido Erez)
In Tel Aviv, the Kulanu party's headquarters erupted in jubilation following the release of exit polls that showed Moshe Kahlon's fledgling party winning 9-10 seats in the 20th Knesset.
Activists welcomed the promising results with cries of "The next finance minister!"
All smiles among Kulanu candidates following exit polls (Photo: George Ginsburg)
Kulanu chief Moshe Kahlon said they would recommend to President Rivlin whichever candidate chooses a social agenda. I said this throughout the campaign. Netanyahu and Herzog asked to speak to me. I did not initiate the talks – I am waiting for the final tallies. We will wait, and then speak."
They added: "I will sit in a social government that will provide an answer for the crises facing the public. It is unfortunate that the small factions almost collapsed. As has been said before – there is no middle class."
After receiving between 11 and 12 seats in the exit polls, Yesh Atid chief Yair Lapid said that "our achievement tonight was proof to those who needed evidence that Yesh Atid is a force that cannot be ignored in Israeli society."
They stressed that "only when the smoke clear tonight, people will begin to internalize the size of our achievement. Tomorrow morning we start from where we had stopped."
Bayit Yehudi leader Naftali Bennett wasn't concerned with the fact exit polls showed their party would drop from the 12 seats it had in the 19th Knesset to only 8 seats in the 20th Knesset.
Bennett celebrating the exit polls (Photo: Ofer Amram)
"We're in this for the long haul. We're not afraid and we won't give up. We love the people of Israel, we love the land of Israel, we love Israel's Torah and the soldiers of the Israel Defense Force," Bennett told activists at the party's headquarters, adding they were not disappointed with their voters, "on the contrary, I'm proud of the religious Zionism."
Aryeh Deri, who represents one of the historic haredi factions, said Tuesday that "this was the hardest campaign" that Shas endured.
"I am telling you with certainty," they continued, "any other party that would have undergone half of the breakdowns we endured in the past year would not have survived, would have broken down, would have collapsed. Maran (Rabbi Ovadia Yosef) stood by us."
Yisrael Beytenu's Sharon Gal watching the exit polls (Photo: Ilana Curiel)
Yisrael Beytenu chief Avigdor Lieberman addressed their supporters after Israeli television channels released their exit polls. "I have been through several election campaigns – this one was impossible. I am sure that any other faction would not have survived it. We faced massive forced from outside the political system."
They stressed that "many outsiders worked in unison to take out an entire faction, but they did not succeed and they will not succeed. We need to think not in terms of what is good for a party but what is good for the State of Israel. It is clear to me that we need to change our system of governance."
Yisrael Beytenu's Sharon Gal, who will be entering the Knesset for the first time, said: "They couldn't eliminate the party, and that's what's important. I believe that in the real results we'll win more seats."
Activists at Eil Yishai's Yachad party headquarters were disappointed with exit polls, as most of them showed the party failed to pass the threshold. The only exit poll that showed Yachad entering the Knesset was Channel 20's poll.
Two other parties that were close to being left outside the Knesset are Meretz and Yisrael Beytenu, but activists at both camps were relieved to hear that exit polls predicted 5 seats for each party - just over the threshold.
Meretz Chairman Zehava Gal-On sounded emotional, saying their party "made it despite all odds."
They praised head of the Zionist Union Isaac Herzog who they hoped would lead the next government, and said "I call on them not to go to a unity government" with Netanyahu.
"We will recommend Herzog to the president for the premiership of a center-left government. (Netanyahu) does not deserve to be prime minister."
After coming in a suprise third place in the exit polls, Joint Arab List MK Ahmed Tibi said that "the general results are contrary to the expectations and a dissapointment. We thought the Israeli public would want to go in the direction to change the grim social-poltical-economic reality. A unity government is the worst option of all."
Regarding comments made earlier Tuesday by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who warned a large Arab turnout would harm the Likud, Tibi said: "To scare the public from participation of citizens in the elections just because they are Arab - imagine the prime minister of France or Sweden saying this about Jewish voters. It is embarrassing and racist at the least and they should be ashamed they said that sentence."
Image copyright EPA
The ebola virus that has killed almost 1,000 people in West Africa this year is fatal for "up to 90%" of those infected, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). But note the words "up to"... What is the normal fatality rate, asks James Fletcher?
The WHO describes ebola as "one of the world's most virulent diseases". It is, according to the organisation's website, "a severe, often fatal illness, with a case fatality rate of up to 90%".
A case fatality rate - or CFR - is a relatively simple measurement. It's the number of people who die from an illness divided by the number of people diagnosed with it. But in the current outbreak, the proportion of infected people dying is far lower than 90%.
"That 90% figure actually comes from one outbreak of ebola which took place in the Congo between 2002 and 2003. It's the highest rate we have ever seen," says Maimuna Majumder, a biostatistician and epidemiologist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The answer Between 60% and 65% of all people known to have been infected with ebola have died
Different strains of ebola appear to have different fatality rates
The number of deaths also depends on the quality of treatment
About 54% of those infected in the current outbreak have died Why Ebola is so dangerous
"The cumulative average considering all ebola cases and deaths from 1976 to the present is actually closer to 60-to-65% and the current outbreak has a CFR of about 54% - though it's subject to change as the outbreak goes on."
This figure of 54%, however, is an average taken from several countries. The fatality rate varies from one country to another - in Guinea it's about 73%, whereas in Liberia its 55%, and in Sierra Leone it's 41%.
Why the variation?
The main factors, according to Majumder, are the level of preparedness and the availability and quality of medical care.
Another factor - when it comes to the varying CFR from one outbreak to the next - may be the different strains of the disease. Of the five known ebola strains, the "Zaire" and "Sudan" strains have been responsible for most deaths. The Zaire strain's average fatality rate is 79% and the Sudan strain's is 54% - research on the current outbreak, in Guinea, suggests that it is caused by the Zaire strain.
More or Less: Behind the stats Listen to More or Less on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service, or download the free podcast Download the More or Less podcast More stories from More or Less
The CFR doesn't tell you how contagious a disease is. Ebola, transmitted through contact with bodily fluids, is much less contagious than airborne diseases such as influenza or measles. What it can do is indicate how serious the disease is, for those patients infected with it. But as we've seen, this varies.
"When you have large ranges of CFR like you do with ebola, it isn't really appropriate to give one extreme or the other," Majumder says. "I think if we were to use a CFR for ebola we really ought to give the case average since initial emergence of the disease in 1976 - and that is significantly less than the 90% estimate that we hear a lot of in the media."
And which we also hear about on the WHO website.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
Paypal.
So, like it says, I'll be doing cheap art. Don't worry, I will be giving you the same quality work that I always have given.So, why do I have such cheap prices?I need the money.My dad was laid off from their job of 18+ years because the company's sales are down (or at least that is their reason for laying them off).We will only be on my mom's income... which isn't much... and I will be helping with the bills now as well.So here are my prices and some examples! I really hope to get some commissions or even some donations from anyone who would be willing. Any little amount helps.Pony Heart or Pony Chub - $1.00Sketch - $1.00Line Art - $1.75Flat Color - $2.00Shaded/Highlighted - $4.00Background - $1.00+For each additional character it will be $1.00+Chibi - $2Realistic (painting) - $5.00Background - $2.00+Each additional character - $2.00+Examples::Sketch - $1.50Line Art - $2.00Flat Color - $2.50Shaded/Highlighted - $5.00Background - $1.50+Each additional character - $1-$3+ (depending on what style you get: sketch, line art, flat color blah blah)Examples:: USD Payment will be done through Sketches will be paid before I start them. Any other payment will be done after I send you a sketch that you confirm.***send payment as 'personal gift' so that there are not any fees taken put***You are welcome to offer more, but these prices are set because I really really need the money.I'm sorry to say that I can not to points because I can't pay the bills with those because I'm unable to convert them to cash because I don't have a Premium Account.If you could, please share this journal or if you know anyone who wants art, please send them my way!!! Or if you know of any groups that would be willing to advertise my journal, please please link me to them or send them a link to my journal.I need all the help I can get... thank you guys for reading! I hope to get a lot of commissions soon!!!!
A Mail on Sunday investigation today exposes how Google has cashed in on a sickening YouTube video that shows viewers how to kill someone in a stab vest like the one worn by PC Keith Palmer when they were murdered in the Westminster terror attack.
The vile video was online for six months before the outrage and could be viewed for days afterwards, despite widespread warnings that UK jihadis use such material for training.
The seven-minute film, entitled How To Pierce A Stab Proof Vest, demonstrates how to plunge a knife through protective body armour and has been viewed nearly a quarter of a million times – generating thousands of pounds in advertising revenue.
The video was made by German weapons obsessive Jörg Sprave, who proudly displays on the wall of their living room a framed award from YouTube for attracting a million subscribers to their films.
German weapons obsessive Jörg Sprave, pictured, uploaded a video to YouTube showing how to kill someone wearing a stab vest
The sickening footage, pictured, showed them demonstrating how and where to use a knife on someone wearing body armour
The Mail on Sunday easily found the film online despite promises made last week by YouTube owners Google to crack down on extremist material.
Last night, Home Secretary Amber Rudd condemned the video and demanded that YouTube take action to ensure similar films are banned.
They said: ‘We will not tolerate the internet being used to hide terrorist activities or, as The Mail on Sunday has revealed, provide information to assist them in their terrible activities.
'Following my meeting last week, major internet companies including Google have agreed to work together in an international forum to ensure this sort of material isn't available. I will want to see early and effective progress.'
And Labour's Yvette Cooper, chairperson of the Home Affairs Select Committee, said: ‘The idea that YouTube and Google should profit from something so depraved is appalling.
'When are Google going to get their act together and stop making money out of vile hatred?'
The revelation comes little more than a week after Khalid Masood mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge in a hired car, killing three people, before killing PC Palmer by stabbing them through the chest.
Yesterday, after being contacted by The Mail on Sunday, YouTube removed the video but it had already been online for more than six months, earning thousands of pounds in advertising revenue from companies including Netflix – though they cannot choose the YouTube videos in which their adverts appear.
Sprave was even given an award by YouTube for attracting 1,000,000 subscribers to their channel, despite widespread warnings that UK jihadis use such material for training
In the film, Sprave stands in a wooded area of their back garden in southern Germany explaining to viewers how they can modify a knife and its handle so it can be used to pierce a protective vest.
The one they use is similar to the vests worn by Metropolitan Police officers.
They thrust the knife through the stab vest which is attached to a makeshift dummy. ‘Wow, look at that, I pierced the safety vest,' they boast, adding: ‘As you can see, it definitely pierced deep enough to cause major harm.'
One member of the public commenting on the video wrote: ‘Thanks to you, a lot of people now know how to kill a police officer.'
When another YouTube viewer questioned why Sprave would teach people how to pierce a stab vest, they replied chillingly: ‘Because I can, obviously.'
And another outraged viewer wrote: ‘I work in corrections [prisons]. You are putting my life in danger.'
Sprave, 51, started making films on YouTube as a hobby around eight years ago. They became so successful with their channel that in January they gave up their job with a German electronics firm.
Yesterday, when approached by The Mail on Sunday, Sprave, who has 120,000 subscribers in the UK, defended the video.
Interviewed at their former hunting lodge home in the village of Rothenburg near Heidelberg, they said: ‘I just want to show that people who wear these vests should not feel invincible.
‘They are still vulnerable. These vests should not be described as stab proof.'
Wearing a black T-shirt emblazoned with the slogan Fight Fire With Fire, they added: ‘I just test things and make videos to review all kinds of things like cameras, knives and air guns.
'If they change police equipment because I have shown it is vulnerable then I may be saving some lives.
‘I feel sorry about what happened to the police officer in London. They should have had a gun to protect himself.'
Police in the German state of Hessen were unavailable to comment yesterday. An unofficial police source in the local town of Erbach said: ‘We had to check on them once, but we found nothing wrong.'
Sprave's other videos include an 11-minute clip entitled: ‘Shooting right through police riot gear?' which has been viewed more than half a million times.
The video has been taken down days after terrorist Khalid Masood, left, fatally stabbed PC Keith Palmer, pictured right with a member of the public, in Westminster, and it is the stab vest it showed was similar to one worn by the Met Police officer on the day of their death
During this video – which YouTube has also now removed – Sprave uses a custom-made weapon to fire a steel-tipped arrow through a German police riot shield.
‘Well, I think that police officer is dead,' they say, inspecting the damage.
Internet users clicking on the stab video last week saw adverts automatically play on different occasions for Netflix, internet security firm OwlDetect and property website eMoov.
An advert for Finnish music festival Flow Festival 2017 played before the riot shield video.
Those who post videos typically receive up to $7.60 (£6.08) per 1,000 views of an advert, meaning Sprave would have made nearly £1,500 from the stab video and over £3,000 from the riot shield video.
YouTube would have earned approximately £1,200 for the stab video and about £2,500 for the riot shield video.
Calum Macleod, vice-chairperson of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: ‘That anyone thinks it is acceptable to share content that could further put police officers, or any emergency service workers, in harm is deplorable, disappointing and upsetting.'
Yesterday, YouTube said it had permanently removed both videos but refused to reveal how much money it had made from them.
A spokesperson said: ‘We have clear policies against inciting violence and harmful or dangerous activities and remove content that breaks our guidelines when we're made aware of it.'
HOW KNIFE 'EXPERT' WAS HONOURED BY WEB GIANT Sprave makes money by posting their horrific videos on YouTube. Adverts, from companies including Netflix, left, automatically show when the videos are watched and Sprave makes money from each 1,000 views. YouTube, owned by Google, also takes a cut from the advertisers. Sprave made thousands from the video of the stab vest attack, seen by a quarter of a million viewers, and another clip showing how to pierce a police riot shield, seen by half a million viewers. Videos are their main source of income and he's won an award from YouTube, right, for attracting a million subscribers to their channel, called Slingshot. Sprave makes money by posting their horrific videos on YouTube thanks to adverts from companies including Netflix, pictured
A spokesperson for OwlDetect said: ‘We were not aware that our product was being advertised before this video.
‘We have stopped this advertising immediately and will review the ways in which we advertise with Google and YouTube.'
Russell Quirk, founder and CEO of eMoov, said: ‘We and other advertisers have no control over which content these [adverts] are associated with.
'We have contacted Google and have demanded our adverts are removed immediately.'
A Flow Festival spokesperson said: ‘We will contact Google and ask them to blacklist this video on our campaign so that Flow Festival video ads cannot be displayed in connection to the videos by this specific YouTube user account.'
A Netflix spokesperson said: ‘We employ numerous filters to avoid having our content appear on sites or videos that clearly don't represent us or our values.
‘While that works well most of the time, there are a small number of instances where it doesn't and we are working closely with Google to close that gap further.'
An incredible 1 in 4 people suffer from a fear of flying and with Australia being so far from everywhere else it's time to get it fixed. We'll take you through the latest techniques and tips to get you seeing the world in no time.
IT'S the thing you probably hate the most about flying. Turbulence.
While flying into a patch of turbulence won't cause a plane to fall out of the sky, passengers and crew risk serious injury inside the cabin as a result of the ultra-bumpy ride.
Some 44 people in the US were severely injured by turbulence in 2016, according to the US Federal Aviation Administration. In Australia, about 25 turbulence-related injuries are reported each year, according to the latest data from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau, which says many other cases go unreported.
And it could get a lot worse, with a UK study this year warning bouts of turbulence strong enough to toss passengers around cabins could become up to three times more common due to climate change.
But Boeing may be on the verge of a solution for all that.
Next year the company will test technology that will let aircraft detect upcoming clear-air turbulence from many kilometres ahead, allowing pilots to avoid it.
As part of Boeing's testing, aircraft will be fitted with lidar (light detection and ranging technology), which will emit pulses of laser light from the plane's nose and measure weather conditions up to 17 kilometres ahead.
This will allow pilots to avoid the rapid change in wind speed and clear-air turbulence, which is a problem because it has no cloud warning of its presence.
“We expect to be able to spot clear-air turbulence more than 60 seconds ahead of the aircraft, or about 17.5 kilometres, giving the crew enough time to secure the cabin and minimise the risk of injuries,” the Boeing program's lead investigator Stefan Bieniawski told Wired.
Even if pilots couldn't steer around the turbulence, a minute's notice could allow passengers to brace for the bumpy conditions ahead and cabin crew to stow away risky items such as hot coffee, Wired reported.
And the technology couldn't come sooner, given the growing list of serious injuries caused by turbulence over the past year.
August 2017: Ten people were sent to hospital when an American Airlines flight from Athens to Philadelphia hit turbulence. “[The plane] started shaking, then it took a big drop. Babies screaming, people in front of us hitting the ceiling,” one passenger said of the ordeal.
May 2017: At least 27 people were seriously injured on an Aeroflot Boeing 777-300 flying from Moscow to Thailand after the aircraft hit a patch of severe turbulence 40 minutes into the trip. Some on board suffered fractured bones in the terrifying ordeal, when the plane flew through a pocket of clean air turbulence.
May 2017: Extreme turbulence rocked an AirAsia X flight from Taipei, Taiwan to Kuala Lumpur, terrifying the 300 passengers on board and injuring five people. Horrifying footage of the incident emerged, in which a woman can they heard asking of a man lying on the ground: “Is they dead?”.
March 2017: In a slightly different example of turbulence, a private plane flipped over “three to five times” before plunging more than 3000 metres towards the Arabian Sea after it was struck by powerful turbulence when a superjumbo flew over it. The pilot pulled off a remarkable recovery.
December 2016: Passengers were “tossed like rag dolls” when Qatar Airways flight from Washington to Doha hit extreme turbulence, forcing an emergency landing. Witnesses said a young boy was thrown out of their seat and into the lap of a passenger across the aisle during the scary experience.
November 2016: Seven people were hospitalised after China Eastern flight MU777 ran into turbulence as it landed at Sydney Airport. One patient suffered a laceration to the jaw, and others injuries to the head, back and wrist.
October 2016: Two crew members and a passenger were injured when a QantasLink flight from Melbourne encountered severe turbulence on descent into Canberra.
September 2016: Passengers said they “thought they were going to die” when their United Airlines flight from Houston to London hit turbulence, leading to the hospitalisation of 14 passengers and two crew members.
[review] Killzone 2 – PS3
A bullet whizzes by your helmet and into the wall next to you. In the next two seconds, your movements will either cause your frantic death or the succession over your enemies. The score is tied with one kill to go – who will it be?
Welcome to my second review, this time of Killzone 2 for the PS3. I won't be the first one to say that this game is fantastic, but it doesn't go without its flaws. Killzone 2 is an action packed, fun filled frantic frenzy with a competitive spin and top notch polish, and is, frankly, one of the best shooters of 2009, or, dare I say, the last couple of years.
Graphics
At the time of its release, no other video game could stand up to the beautiful visuals that Killzone 2 had so easily provided. It reigned as king of console visuals for a very long time, and to many it still remains that way. It is undeniable truth that Killzone 2 is a beautiful game. The rays of light so seamlessly bounce off of objects, the gritty setting is evident on all the grimy walls and rusty rails. Killzone 2 perfectly portrays the objective that Guerrilla was attempting to convey – the atmospheric sense of Helghan, and the scene of war and all its attributes.
Sun shafts, glowing eyes, and a dirty room
There's really not much to say here. If graphics were ever an issue in games for you, be they too bad or an unrealistic art style, neither of these issues reside in this game. Detail a plenty, Killzone 2 is sure to satisfy your graphical hunger. The only other game that can combat Killzone 2's graphics is Uncharted 2, which came out in late 2009 (as compared to early 2009). Even if you are part of the small percentile of gamers (according to Kotaku) that does not have an HDTV, the game may not shine in its full beauty, but it will still look great. And for those wondering, this game runs up to 720p – that's 1280 x 720 pixels, people.
The Verdict: 10/10
Gameplay ( + Multiplayer )
I've seen many reviews that not only praise Killzone 2's gameplay, but demolish it in the same sentence. Killzone 2 has some of the most polished gameplay I've seen in this life. Guerrilla comes out with a new approach to a rapidly accelerating genre, and boosts the level of activity to an unquantifiable number. Games are remembered for their gameplay and not their graphics – hence is why Killzone 2 will last through the years.
The single player campaign for Killzone 2 is great in terms of gameplay. Numerous weapons to try your hand at, even a vehicle for your expertise only. All this and more is included in the campaign. However, one facet that the campaign's gameplay has over the multiplayer's gameplay, is a first person cover system. To my knowledge, Killzone 2 is the first of hopefully many games to feature this, and do it RIGHT. After countless failed attempts developers kept on persisting, but now its time to learn a lesson from Killzone 2. Without the first person cover system, the campaign would be shoddy and less enjoyable. It makes the game feel less like a game and more like an immersive experience, where you are directly involved, and tactics are more of an option. Take note, though, this feature is not available in multiplayer. Which is exactly something that should have been induced. You see, tactics ring even truer in the multiplayer aspect of this AAA title. ‘Why is that?', you may ask.
Either prevent your team from dying or revive them when they do
Killzone 2's multiplayer was nothing short of success. From the moment I first clicked ‘Warzone' to get to the multiplayer, the well crafted menus suited my perfectly. Killzone 2 contains a host of brand-new features you just don't ever see incorporated with a console FPS. This brings the magnitude of Killzone 2's success to a highly influential level in the FPS genre. And, if we are so lucky as to see that developers gain inspiration from Killzone 2, we can expect many amazing titles like it. I praise Killzone 2 because it is evident Guerrilla poured their hearts and talent into crafting this fine specimen of a game.
This slice of Wikipedia will put it best for me and save me the trouble:
Warzone, the title of the online multiplayer component of Killzone 2 has been developed by Guerrilla Games in conjunction with the game's single-player campaign.[]The online multiplayer gameplay is class-based, meaning the player can choose a class of character which is specialized for a specific role to better suit the player's needs in battle. There are 7 classes in total, in which the player can mix and match two according to their playing style, and can switch abilities upon death. There are 15 weapons available to the player, most of which cannot be used until the player reaches a certain rank. Two of these weapons are secondary firearms, and a further two weapons (Boltgun and Flamethrower) are exclusive to the downloadable maps “Suljeva Cliffside” and “Arctower Landing”. Players play as either the ISA or Helghast, with a little gameplay difference, the character model and respawn points, and the “lean and peek” cover system removed. Each class levels up with experience gained from killing or completing mission objectives, with enough experience they unlock new weapons, skills etc. as well as a new class that is unlocked. Each class has two badges, the Primary badge selects the class and their specified skill, the secondary badge has an extra skill for the specified class but can be swapped to create your own custom class. Warzone plays out through dynamic matches where multiple game types are played in a single round. The game ships with five different game types including Assassination, Search & Retrieve, Search & Destroy, Bodycount and Capture & Hold. Online matches can connect 2 to 32 players, and they can group into six squads of up to four players. If an online match does not have a full 32 players, computer-generated “bots” can be added in to create bigger teams (but only in an unranked match). Killzone 2 also offers a clan system, which allows clans of up to 64 players to compete for “Valor Points”, an in-game currency that clans can use to bet on tournaments. Players can also play offline against AIs with Skirmish mode and unranked online multiplayer but there's no offline multiplayer mode for splitscreen human players. Eight multiplayer maps are included on disc at release, Guerrilla has stated that further maps will be made available as future downloadable content. A further 6 maps have been added to multiplayer since release via downloadable content purchasable from the PlayStation Store.
The classes are especially well done. I personally am not at the max level in the game, but I have done plenty of time with all the weapons and classes, etc. When I mentioned earlier how the multiplayer demands the cover system because of its stronger approach on tactics, I wasn't kidding. At the same time, there is reason to vouch for no cover (although nobody is really at a disadvantage). Were the cover system in place for the multiplayer, snipers would go practically undetected, engineers could hide and replace sentry turrets at their nearest convenience, and anybody could lob grenades at the enemy and be protected in the next moment. And while all this is true, it does not excuse the amount of trouble that is done when a team is being spawn killed. Not only is it horrendously difficult to combat spawn killing, but it is especially easy to do so with an intelligent team. For this reason some of Killzone 2's issues hold no restrictions. But it is particularly useful that one of the seven classes can put a green smoke marker – which indicates a location which their allies may spawn on.
Killzone 2, outside of its core ingame play, is executed flawlessly. During spawning you choose a location to spawn (there normally aren't more than one), and so long as it is a pre designated spawning location, it is protected by sentry turrets. Depending on the server (more on this later) you join, there will be all five gametypes toggled, or a selection of them. When creating a server, if you were to toggle on all the gametypes (and of course, maps but that really isn't important), you would play a rotation of all the gametypes on the same map, without the map ever resetting. It seamlessly integrates the gametypes together. You also choose your weapons and badges (basically your classes) while spawning. All at the same time, you can join squads! Squads are premade in the menu, but the first person to join is a squad leader. You can send requests to squad leaders to join their squads, or the other way around. All these features function well together, and UI for it is done in harmony. During my playtime of Killzone 2, I've had many memorable moments, all due to the great engineering of the game and the fantastic gameplay. But if there's one thing that irks me, and many others, its the heavy (or sticky) aiming. Most say its realistic, I say bahh, and then I finally got used to it and stopped complaining.
The Verdict: 9/10
Story
Personally my perceived weakest point of the game, it suffices, but it does not exceed my expectations. It is a story of revenge – the Helghast are pissed and want their planet back. The ISA said hell no and began to invade Helghan. Well, at this point, you have to show off your mad skills and take down the Helghast and their grandpa of a leader (who, if you've played and beaten the game, you'll know is a royal idiot). The story fails to explain some key points during the campaign, which I won't mention for spoiler sake. The only reason this category won't be marked down more than a few points is because the story is not an essential element of this game. While it is thrilling to go through the hell of Hell-ghan (get it? haha…. yeah) and come out successful (minus plot twists), it seems that some of the moments are best left untold, or, in other words, left out of this game. Because they cause a dire action on what could've been a more rational and explainable story, making you ask, “How did that happen?” or “Why did that happen?”
All in all, the story really managed to surprise me once, with a well executed plot twist. The other times, it just felt like, “what the hell am I doing here?”, which was quickly replaced by my being in awe of the amazing gameplay and graphics. Killzone 2 is barely saved in this regard, but for me to give it something of a bad rating, it would need to be essential… and its not. Mostly because this is an FPS game, but the other half of me wants to negate that notion because of the various holes in the plot. Either way, the story does what justice does, albeit not as good as the special forces do justice.
The Verdict: 7.5/10
Presentation/Content/Other
Guerrilla has done a good job in the other areas of the game. Killzone 2 includes some extras, credits, and the usual. But what I love is how Guerrilla included a server browser with this game. Being a console game, you normally wouldn't be suspect of not having a server browsing system, but this just adds to the greatness of the game. Servers are created by you, the user, with all the options at your side, that is maps, gametypes, etc. Sadly the population drops quite a bit if you don't have the downloadable extra maps, but there is always one or two healthy, large servers available even if you haven't shelled out the PSN cash for them.
Along with servers is the inclusion of clans. The clan integration with the Killzone website is done well, and players can bet points on tournaments to see which clan will win. Not having participated in it myself, I can't give proper judgment, but it sounds like a lottery (well, except for the fact that you can win).
This image has nothing to do with this category
Killzone 2 also bears a more contemporary control scheme – which seems to act as an adaptation of multiple title's signature controls. So it takes a bit of getting used to, but they're good. Like all other PS3 games, you can't completely customize your controls, but there are four presets to choose from. Note that changing sensitivity or toggling critical aim doesn't eliminate the atrocity of the built-in heavy aiming… so do what you can to get used to it. Killzone 2 takes good advantage of Sixaxis, like being able to spin a loading screen to make the long wait seem even longer. It also takes what shouldn't be pro skill to turn a wheel with the sixaxis… but you know, there has to be something to remember this game by. However, the best instance of the sixaxis being used is the aim of the sniper rifle when the scope is in use. In other words, if you have a high blood sugar level, sniping probably isn't your thing in this game.
The Verdict: 10/10
In the end, Killzone 2 is a well crafted game that puts its foot in the door of new concepts and, instead of using the door for its intended purpose and swinging it, Guerrilla throws a nuke at that door and barely has enough time to get into suitable cover. Hence why we didn't see Killzone 2 for all those years.
Overall: 9.1
This game deserves your attention if you're an FPS fan. Just please, do me a favor and don't expect a marvelous story.
Killzone 2 – buy it today!
Advertisements
The Bowl Championship Series' two-team per conference limit could be up for discussion as the BCS nears another round of television negotiations.
Southeastern Conference commissioner Mike Slive was asked during a teleconference Tuesday about the possibility of the BCS changing its rules to allow more than two teams from a conference to play in the five most lucrative bowl games in a year.
They didn't say if they would support a change, but did indicate that it might be considered by the conference commissioners.
"I do know this: That Bill Hancock has put together a list of issues that they believe the commissioners and the BCS bowl oversight committee ought to be looking at as the BCS develops a position on upcoming negotiations. I think that's one of them," they said.
"I think there are going to be several issues that are important enough to have serious discussion about, and that would be one of them."
Slive and Texas A&M president R. Bowen Loftin were answering questions about the Aggies' move to the SEC.
In an email to The Associated Press, Hancock declined to discuss Slive's comments or elaborate on what other possible changes to the BCS he'd like to see the commissioners address.
"The commissioners are committed to making the BCS the best it can be," Hancock wrote. "It's very good now. Just what 'making it the best' might entail will be evaluated in a thoughtful and deliberate process over the next six or eight months."
A BCS bid will be worth about $22 million to an automatic qualifying conference this season and an additional at-large bid would net those leagues another $6.1 million. The limit was first set when the BCS was implemented in 1999 and there were only four games -- the Rose, Sugar, Fiesta and Orange bowls.
North American publisher Yen Press announced on Tuesday that it will release its digital manga series The Royal Tutor, Kakegurui, and Sekirei in print. The first volume of The Royal Tutor is slated for May, and the first volumes of Kakegurui and Sekirei are slated for July.
Yen Press began releasing The Royal Tutor as e-books in English in 2015, and it describes the story:
Accepting the post of Royal Tutor at the court of the king of Grannzreich, Heine Wittgenstein is a little professor with a big job ahead! Each of the kingdom's four princes has a rather distinct personality. Does their diminutive new instructor have what it takes to lay down some learning? It's a comedy of educational proportions!
Higasa Akai launched the manga in Monthly G Fantasy in November 2013. An anime adaptation will premiere in April.
Yen Press began simultaneous digital publication of Kakegurui in October 2015. The company describes the series:
Hyakkaou Private Academy. An institution for the privileged with a very peculiar curriculum. You see, when you're the sons and daughters of the wealthiest of the wealthy, it's not athletic prowess or book smarts that keep you ahead. It's reading your opponent, the art of the deal. What better way to hone those skills than with a rigorous curriculum of gambling? At Hyakkaou Private Academy, the winners live like kings, and the losers are put through the wringer. But when Yumeko Jabami enrolls, she's gonna teach these kids what a high roller really looks like!
Writer Homura Kawamoto and artist Tōru Naomura's launched in Square Enix's Gangan Joker magazine in March 2014. An anime adaptation has been green-lit.
Yen Press began releasing Sekirei digitally in November 2015, and describes the story:
Minato Sahashi is a rounin, a two-time loser who's failed their college placement exams. Just as he's contemplating giving up and heading home, though, a chance encounter changes their lives forever! Enter Musubi, a girl who literally falls into Minato's life! Musubi is a Sekirei, a modified human caught up in a game in which only one of their kind can be left standing. In order to be victorious in this contest, though, they need to find their Ashikabi (her fated partner)...and guess who fits the bill?? Caught up in battle they barely understand, can Minato survive "The Sekirei Project" and emerge victorious? Either way, with their buxom new cohort by their side, their life will certainly never be the same!
Our next e-waste drop-off day will be on Saturday 8 June 2019 from 9am to 3pm.
Diverting e-waste from landfill
Sydneysiders recycled 44 tonnes of electronic waste at our September and November 2018 e-waste collection days, helping keep unwanted household items out of landfill.
These recent events attracted 1,445 individual e-waste drop-offs with half of all participants reporting that it was their first time attending an e-waste event. Stacks of TVs, computers, cables and printers were collected alongside household items from vacuum cleaners to broken hairdryers.
The e-waste collected is diverted from landfill and around 95% of raw materials recovered are recycled. All up in 2018, the City has helped more than 2,800 households recycle almost 90 tonnes of electronic and unwanted household waste.
E-waste items sometimes contain precious metals such as copper and platinum that should be reused. Computer screens and TVs contain toxic chemicals such as lead, mercury and arsenic, which can leach out from landfills and into waterways.
The lowdown on our e-waste service
We run an ethical and top-notch gig. Here is everything you need to know about how we manage all the e-waste we collect at the City of Sydney.
Why should I recycle e-waste?
We love the latest gadgets. But Australians generate more than 650,000 tonnes of electronic waste (e-waste) each year and most of it ends up in landfill. As well as putting more pressure on limited landfill capacity, e-waste can be hazardous as it contains toxic materials.
Where does it all go? Not out of the country, that's for sure! All the e-waste collected by the City of Sydney is processed locally where around 95% of it is recycled. Components are stripped, then broken down into commodities and circulated back into the market for new products.
What about items that still work?
Why not try to find a new home for your unwanted electronic goods first? If your items still work, donate them to non-profit organisations such as Sort Recycling, who refurbish working computers for locally disadvantaged children. You could also try giving items away online through organisations like OzRecycle.
Items handed in at our e-waste collections are strictly for recycling. This way, we can guarantee that at the end of their life, they will be processed responsibly.
Can I turn up to get some freebies?
This is a no-no. We have to stick to the health and safety rules for running this type of event and e-waste is classified as hazardous waste. We also need to protect the privacy of our customers.
Is my data safe?
Recycle your devices with abandon for your data is guaranteed to be obliterated.
JAMIE WEINSTEIN, EDITOR AT DAILY CALLER: Just yesterday, there was a new speech that they believe in which during the question and answer [session] at Rutgers University, Hagel claimed that the State Department was controlled by the Israeli government. Israeli foreign ministry controls the government.
DONNA BRAZILE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: You see, Bill, what they're doing is they're going after every --
BILL MAHER, HOST OF "REAL TIME" ON HBO: And it's not?
WEINSTEIN: Well, there are two things wrong with that. One is that -- it's, you know, kind of suggesting Israeli power is controlling things. Number two, of all the branches of the government, the State Department being the most pro-Israel branch is ridiculous.
MAHER: Based on every statement I've heard out of any Republican in the last two years, the Israelis are controlling our government.
WEINSTEIN: Not the State Department, that's for sure. (HBO's Real Time, February 15, 2013)
Pall Mall Hostel is no area to sleep; instead it is a space for having fun.
Artdepartment Berlin in collaboration with Fleck Promotion and Geometry Global agencies created concept of the Pall Mall Hostel. They offered a new view at dimension for promotional activities of Pall Mall at different music festivals. As the container hostel should be delivered at the events, which took places throughout Germany, the construction was made in a manner to obtain the certification from the TÜV ( English: Technical Inspection Association, German: Technischer Überwachungs-Verein) and to be a space for more than 500 festival visitors.
This is the biggest container building that fulfilled all the criteria of the TÜV permit procedure successfully. At the ground floor there is a reception, where the guests can be registered and can receive promotional give-aways. The Event Container Building offers the superior convenience, there is a lounge, double sided bar and visitors can use Wi-Fi. Also there is a backstage area, the place where the bands retreat, in the annex. The technical storage container is used for successful operating of the engineering systems of the Event Container Building .
The Pall Mall Club is situated in the first floor; it has professional light and sound systems and its own bar. Through the ample glass wall amazing view over festival ground is presented. “To see and to be seen” is the motto in this place. On the terrace there is a stage, which is constructed from container decks. Absolutely everything from different sides is seen from this centerpiece of the outdoor space. It is possible to build one more terrace on the second floor that will allow an unusual view over the Pall Mall stage and the whole festival grounds.
The hostel's furniture, reception and bar are made of recycling building materials, because the hostel follows the recycling concept like most container constructions. Doors, windows and wood pallets are taken from old buildings. Among the main features there are the barrel furniture. Contemporary atmosphere is created by combination of the surfaces and high-end padding materials.
In August 2014 the Pall Mall Hostel was successfully presented at Rock‘nHeim Festival. The building has delightful view to the main stage both from the decks and the VIP lounge, where the organizers invite their guests.
Far-right special interests are doing all they can to keep newly registered voters for turning out this election — even if it means outright lying.
It's an election year, and that means voting is once again a hot button issue. This year is a little different though: With Oregon's groundbreaking New Motor Voter (NMV) law going into effect, we're getting closer than ever to our goal of getting a ballot in every eligible voter's hands. With the phase-in of NMV, that makes the conversation surrounding voters' rights more passionate than ever — but not always in a good way. While most people agree that significant change is only possible when voters are able to participate, opponents of expanding voter access are looking for any excuse to paint NMV as a failure.
In an attack on expanded voter access, special interests are saying we can't afford to allow all eligible voters to participate. You read that right — they're saying democracy costs too much money. That claim is absurd, especially since democracy should be the one thing that everyone would be willing to pay for. The claim just gets even more outlandish, because the democracy opponents don't seem to have any idea of how much it'll actually cost. This is leading to wildly divergent claims of how apocalyptic it will be to help more Oregonians participate in democracy. Failed Oregon House candidate turned corporate stooge Anne Marie Gurney claimed that it would cost Lane County $8 million to implement NMV. The closest thing we can find to a citation for that number is the cost for the entire state of Maryland to adopt the law. (According to the Secretary of State's website, Gurney is off by about… $7.8 million).
Bill Post, on the other hand, seemed outraged that any money goes toward increasing voter turnout. Unlike Gurney's $8 million price tag, Post is focused on something much smaller: $110,000 spent statewide to remind Oregonians to vote. To put that amount in perspective, that's less than half of what gubernatorial candidate Bud Pierce has donated to himself.
As bad as Post's stance on voter access is, at least he's relatively honest — and the alternative is a lot more concerning. Take The Oregonian Editorial Board's latest piece on NMV. Rather than honestly attack the law's intention, they instead choose to frame it as another form of voter disenfranchisement. This can have a huge impact: Hundreds of thousands of Oregonians will be added to the voter rolls by the time primary ballots are sent out — and this piece would have been the perfect venue to encourage voter participation in the months leading up to the next election. Disappointingly, The O skips the opportunity to encourage these new voters to make sure their registration is in order so they can participate in May — and instead paints the groundbreaking law (and other meaningful steps toward ending disenfranchisement) as failures without openly advocating for low voter turnout.
We agree that there's still work left to do in order to fully bring down barriers to voting. But we also know that there's no silver bullet solution. That's why proponents of expanding voter access are still working to make change through proposals like prepaid postage for ballots.
Prepaid postage helps out those most often affected by voter disenfranchisement: people who can't just pick up a book of stamps at the grocery store because they live in food deserts, people who can't get time off work during hours when stamp vendors are open, people who have medical difficulties preventing them from leaving their homes, and, yes, people who can't afford the $10 it costs to buy a book of stamps. But The Oregonian wrote off prepaid postage as a “meaningless gesture” and a “cosmetic fix.” If The Oregonian Editorial Board thinks expanding voter access to our most vulnerable citizens, those for whom buying stamps is a considerable barrier, then what change is enough for them?
The Takeaway: Passing New Motor Voter was a big win for democracy, and it's made it a lot harder for special interests to block voter engagement. But now that they can't put a roadblock between Oregonians and their registration cards, keeping those newly registered voters from turning out is priority number one for the right-wing.
What You Can Do: Show your support for practicing democracy! Share this post and make sure your friends and family know why voting this year matters.
Thursday morning's GDC Austin keynote was met with a large crowd as Blizzard Entertainment's J. Allen Brack and Frank Pearce took the stage to offer a detailed look into the inner workings of the genre-dominating World of Warcraft.
Introduced by BioWare's Rich Vogel, the two men completed a three-part series run by GDCA on the inner workings of the gaming powerhouse.
Vogel introduced the two with word that they'd be focusing on the company's operations, and Brack began by separating the "universe" of World of Warcraft (its design, production, and implementation) from the in-game universe of barbarian shamanism and magical power. They admitted that the company tends to hold things fairly close to the vest, but today their intent was to share some of the 'behind the scenes' elements rarely considered by company outsiders.
World of Warcraft was launched on a foundation of 10 years of Warcraft RTS games. Brack noted the first appearance of the yellow exclamation point in the Warcraft III title, and the RPG-focused elements of the Orc Campaign in the Frozen Throne expansion.
The World of Warcraft team, which split from Warcraft III, was actually working on a squad-based RPG called Nomad prior to their shift in focus. The game featured haunting alien imagery, but it was something that they ultimately couldn't find a voice for. After months of pre-production struggle, they set aside Nomad and began work on WoW; "What would we do if we wanted to start a project today?" was the question they asked. The answer: an MMO.
Management, Programming, Art, and Production
Within the World of Warcraft team, there are some 30 department leads. There are three tiers of management, with France Pierce (Executive Producer) on top. Production Director Brack and Game Director Tom Chilton are below him, and below those two men are arrayed 8 lower-level managers. Brack notes that they try to structure the teams around the people, and not the other way around. They feel strongly that employee strengths should dictate organizational structure, and as a result all reporting structures within the company vary by team.
Each team on the game aims to be made up of 5-8 people. They break that regularly, Brack admits, but that is the goal. The programming department currently consists of 32 people, and envelopes systems, tools, gameplay, server technologies, and UI. Brack singled out the tools team as a critical component of this group. They make tools not only for the developers, but for customer service as well. Blizzard has an expectation of a long life for World of Warcraft, and so they see these tools as products to be fully-supported in-house. These tools go through their own proofing process, with certification dictated within the company. Their UI team is a cross-disciplinary team with artists, LUA programmers, and C++ developers all collaborating on the game's front end. In all, the programming team is responsible for some 5.5 million lines of code.
The art department is currently sitting at 51 people. Technical artists, character artists, environmental artists, dungeon artists, prop artists, animators, and concept artists are all lumped into this group. The prop team Brack calls out as a new group, a team dedicated entirely to creating wheels of cheese, torches, and other accoutrements to make a place within the game world feel 'alive'. Overall the art department is responsible for some 1.5 million assets.
Pearce moves on to the Production department, only 10 members strong. They're overseeing of all the other departments, and view themselves more than support than management per se. They aim for low ratio of employees to producers, to ensure that every Blizzard employee is getting somewhat individual attention. Creative teams to not report to producers, they pointed out. Team leads, instead, take up leadership roles within individual departments. The art lead, for example, still creates art. Creative employees report to the men and women that best understand their individual process. In turn, producers and leads collaborate to ensure that everyone understands their role. Leads are not forced into management/leadership roles they aren't comfortable with. Pearce notes the importance of what they called 'succession planning.' Producers help each team to understand who would be tapped in the future to take on a leadership role should the current lead step down, as well as plot out the future careers of individual employees. Overall production has managed 33,000 tasks in the last ten years.
Design, Cinematics, Sound, and Platform
The design department, some 37 members strong, came up next. Class designers, profession designers, itemization designers, level designers, event designers, encounter and lead designers are all grouped here. Brack points out the multi-disciplinary nature of the level creation team. They use WoWEdit to incorporate art assets and create the zones in the game. The events team is responsible for not only holidays like Hallow's End, but also static world components like the city of Dalaran and the new and popular Argent Tournament. Over the years, the team has created some 70,000 spells and some 40,000 NPCs.
The cinematics group was the next to be pointed out by Pearce. Machinima sequences, teasers, and the amazing pre-rendered cinemas that make Blizzard games kick off with a flash are all created in this group. As a talented group of artists, they also use this group to direct the creation of sword replicas, statues, and other physical objects. The group is 123 people strong, and Pearce notes that they could actually spend a whole talk just talking about how cinematics is organized.
The in-house sound department was next on the block for Brack. Handling sound effects, music, voice casting and recording are all partner projects with this team. The group's audio director is a talented composer, and has ended up composing a number of pieces for the game. There are over 27 hours of music in World of Warcraft currently, and Brack jokes that fully half of some patches for the game are audio files.
Platform services was the next group detailed, incorporating technologies for all of the games across the company, Macintosh development, QA, localization, and QA for in-house elements. There are some 245 people in this department, one of the largest in the company. Brack drilled down into the QA group, noting their sometimes inglorious role to test every patch and gold master. The size of their workload continually grows. World of Warcraft kicked off with some 2600 quests. They added 2700 quests in the Burning Crusade expansion and another 2350 quests in the Wrath of the Lich King drop. A total of 7650 quests in the game makes it very challenging to maintain and track all of the game's content. The QA group has tackled some 180,000 bugs since the game launched.
Localization, Technical Services, International Offices, and Online Services
Localization translates and culturalizes World of Warcraft into 10 different languages, and Pearce notes that there are actually more people playing WoW outside of the English language servers than inside. The capability to do all of this work in-house is incredibly important, and as a result they have no 'partial' localizations. It's not just translation and localization, they view a new language as an ongoing commitment to all the players on those servers. They actually have a dedicated producer working with this group to ensure that they have all the resources they need. Choosing to launch in a new language is a decision they don't make lightly, and Pearce points out that this group currently tracks 360,000 text strings and some 2 million words.
The technical services group is dedicated to getting every patch to the players. Patch 3.1 pushed some 4.7 petabytes of data to the players. Brack points out that they actually have to do some 10 patches for any given patch they do because of the numerous languages they support. QA has to test every patch they release, and there are actually 126 types of patches (streaming, universal, incremental) that all have to be updated and supported. A monumental task, Brack says.
The Blizzard Online Network services group is Pearce's next focus. A huge group, they have data centers from Texas to Seoul, and monitor over 13,250 server blades, 75,000 cpu cores, and 112.5 terabytes of blade RAM. They point out the picture of the GNOC in their slideshow, a data core that even has televisions tuned to the weather stations. They use those to ensure that conditions of the data center are up to their standards; with only a staff of 68 people they ensure connectivity across the globe for the numerous WoW servers.
International offices handle local market conditions, games that are released in other countries, and the occasional censorship issue prompted by a government. They also handle local marketing as well, ensuring it meets with regional sensibilities. There are hundreds of people in all these offices across the globe. Brack went on to talk about the customer support staff, a group with 2,056 game masters, 340 billing managers, and a host of other background staffers. These tireless staffers also work from locations around the world, ensuring that any local variations in culture (or the game) are respected.
Pearce then focused on the Online Services team, a group that includes the important gaming service Battle.net. Pearce gave a quick overview of the many new features coming to the service such as Battle.net-wide friends, integrated billing, and a number of other new features. Online Services specifically handle login technologies and billing elements for World of Warcraft. There are now 12,000,000 Battle.net accounts, and they look forward to the eventual seamless integration of that community and the WoW community.
Web, Community, PR, et al
The Web team was Brack's next group to discuss, a team responsible for managing a host of websites, online stores, the WoW Armory, and promotional materials. The mobile technologies team at Blizzard is grouped under this umbrella as well, and Brack calls out the mobile armory and the mobile authenticator as products they've previously released. They currently manage some 900,000 web files.
The corporate applications team is the company's internal tools team for activities "around" the game. They work to do fraud prevention, maintain bug tracking, keep a look out for upcoming trojans and spyware, maintain the internal wiki, and are responsible for the WoW team's internal data mining. This is the group that ensures the designers know exactly what is popular and what isn't in the game. Pearce jokes that the achievements system has been especially popular with WoW players and to date the players have unlocked some 4,449,680,399 rewards.
The PR and community teams were Brack's next focus, the groups responsible for public interaction. The PR team has helped to ensure some 10,000 articles have been written about World of Warcraft, while the community team acts as a liason between the players and the team itself. The 66 members of the community team ensures that civility is maintained on the game forums, and produce the always popular "blue posts".
The eSports group is responsible for all of the Tournament-related activities. Their budget includes prize money, travel arrangement money, and venue arrangements, and they ensure that professional gamers are tied directly into the WoW/Blizzard organization. To date they've hosted almost 1640 events. The events team proper is responsible for organizing BlizzCon, getting employees to events like GDCA, and coordinating with other consumer conferences.
Brack notes the new addition of streaming viewers via DirecTV this year, and the explosive acts of Jay Mohr and Ozzy Osborne. With streaming viewers, BlizzCon had 100,000 participants this year -- and although it loses money for the company as a standalone event, it's incredibly important for marketing reasons.
Marketing, the next group on the docket, handles box creation, web campaigns, TV commercials, partner promotions (such as WoW-themed Mountain Dew), and in-game promotions like refer-a-friend or the scroll of resurrection. They're obviously very successful, as their commercials have seen over 10,000,000 views since Blizzard's television advertising campaign began. Licensing, a related group within the company, handles novel publishing, comics, strategy guides, the upcoming WoW magazine, apparel, plushies, action figures, games, and endless other tie-ins. Their role is to pair the right products with the right brand, and to date they've helped to release 400 products with Blizzard properties.
The creative development team is the hub for the company's history. They have two full-time lore historians, keepers of blizzard's past. They are the liaisons with the novelists, work to create shared art resources, act as an archive for every piece of art that's been created for Blizzard Entertainment, and currently maintain 100,000 art assets. Pearce takes a moment to note that the World of Warcraft team also has the capability to tap into the resources of other development groups within the company. They single out the StarCraft 2 team as helpful for getting the original game out the door. Strike teams from these other groups are also helpful in evaluating World of Warcraft content without the connection that the team members already have, impartial observers for new content.
Brack notes that WoW also taps all of the other 'background' departments in the company. Finance, Human Resources, Facilities groups, the legal team, and of course the IT team all support the massive undertaking that is World of Warcraft.
Making the World Work
As an organization, World of Warcraft utilizes 20,000 computer systems, 1.3 petabytes of storage, and more than 4600 people. "Operating an online game is about more than just game development." Pearce hopes that the importance of these non-development groups is obvious, especially given the explosive growth of the company over the last five years. "World of Warcraft has completely changed the organization", and it wouldn't have been possible without the departments that they'd singled out.
A man was injured in a shooting a Parkville bar, Baltimore County police said.Police were called to the Oakleigh Station Bar in the 7100 block of Darlington Drive at 1:49 a.m. Friday for a report of shots fired. Police received another call about 20 minutes later about a man who walked into an area hospital with multiple gunshot wounds.Investigators said there was a fight in the parking lot during which someone opened fire into the crowd, striking the victim multiple times in their midsection. The victim got into a car and fled the scene, investigators said.The victim remains in an area hospital in stable condition.The Baltimore County Police Violent Crimes Unit continues to investigate.Anyone with information on this incident is asked to call police at 410-307-2020 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 866-7LOCKUP.
A man was injured in a shooting a Parkville bar, Baltimore County police said.
Police were called to the Oakleigh Station Bar in the 7100 block of Darlington Drive at 1:49 a.m. Friday for a report of shots fired. Police received another call about 20 minutes later about a man who walked into an area hospital with multiple gunshot wounds.
Advertisement Related Content 2 men charged in Parkville bar shooting
Investigators said there was a fight in the parking lot during which someone opened fire into the crowd, striking the victim multiple times in their midsection. The victim got into a car and fled the scene, investigators said.
The victim remains in an area hospital in stable condition.
The Baltimore County Police Violent Crimes Unit continues to investigate.
Anyone with information on this incident is asked to call police at 410-307-2020 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 866-7LOCKUP.
AlertMe
By Paul Gregoire and Ugur Nedim
In December 2015, the NSW government announced it was tripling the number of mobile drug tests carried out annually to 97,000 tests by this year. As might be expected, the number of motorists being charged with drug driving offences has also skyrocketed.
A Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research report found that the number of people charged with drug driving in NSW increased by 320 percent over the 24 months ending in June last year. The authors put this down to increased policing, rather than any rise in drug driving.
However, the legitimacy of Mobile Drug Testing (MDT) operations and its road safety objectives are questionable, as NSW police aren't testing for driver impairment, but rather, they're taking a zero-tolerance approach to the use of certain illicit substances.
A recent paper by Wollongong University associate professor of law Julia Quilter and UNSW professor of law Luke McNamara takes a look at how Australian drug driving laws have developed over time, and their inconsistency with “the evidence-based impairment paradigm.”
In ‘Zero Tolerance' Drug Driving Laws in Australia: A Gap Between Rationale and Form, the researchers aim to call out “unprincipled law making and encourage governments to be attentive to the normative deficits… of how criminal law is employed as a public policy tool.”
Under the influence
The paper outlines that Australian drink driving offences were introduced during the first three decades of the twentieth century, starting with the Victorian Motor Car Act 1909. The laws prohibited driving under the influence of alcohol, but then changed to a level of incapacity.
Laws regarding driving under the influence of drugs began with the WA Traffic Amendment Act 1930, and other states followed suit over the coming decades.
Certain jurisdictions left “drug” undefined, whereas others included a wide range of substances. NSW laws continue to define a total of 432 substances as a drug.
The first state to introduce drink driving offences based on blood alcohol concentration – levels of alcohol in the blood that lead to driver impairment – was Victoria in 1965. And in 1976, that state was the first to introduce random breath testing (RBT) for alcohol.
As the authors note RBT transformed the common practice of drink driving into a “highly stigmatised criminal behaviour,” and thus improved road safety. However, because of the flawed premise Australia's current drug driving laws are based upon, they don't have the potential to do the same.
The mere presence
Today, drug driving laws across the nation make it an offence to drive a vehicle with only the presence of certain illicit substances in a person's system. In most jurisdictions, police are only testing for cannabis, amphetamines and MDMA. Tasmania and the NT test for a longer list of drugs.
Police use an oral fluid to test for the presence of these drugs. If a driver tests positive, this test is then backed up by a further oral fluid test. However, in Tasmania, a driver who tests positive initially is then subjected to a second blood test.
Victoria was the first state to introduce this model in 2004, after it amended its Road Safety Act 1986.
Section 49(1)(bb) of the Act provides that a person is guilty of an offence if they are driving “while the prescribed concentration of drugs or more than the prescribed concentration of drugs is present in their or their blood or oral fluid.”
But, then section 3 defines “prescribed concentration of drugs” as “any concentration of the drug.”
A flawed system
The researchers point to three characteristics of this testing model that mean it doesn't align with the equation that testing for impairment improves road safety.
Mobile drug testing doesn't test if there are any “active” drugs in a person's system. It only tests for their presence. As a magistrate accepted in Lismore Local Court, this means drivers can test positive for drugs they have taken days prior to testing.
A positive test result is no indication that a driver is actually impaired and unfit to drive.
The MDT regime relies on an initial oral fluid test followed by a second one. But, the researchers outline that oral fluid tests are “a relatively poor mechanism for assessing” impairment. As noted in the 2013 Wolff report, the “gold standard” for drug detection is a blood sample.
And while roadside drug testing is supposed to be about saving lives, police are only testing for three drugs. Commonly used drugs like cocaine are not currently tested for, and neither are legal prescription drugs such as benzodiazepines.
It seems authorities don't test for heroin as screening technology is not able to differentiate between it and legal opioid medicines.
The operational reach
According to the paper, there are two major problems when enforcing drug driving laws and issuing penalties.
There's the under-inclusion of drivers who are using other illicit drugs, as well as those who are using legal prescription drugs that can impair driving. The whole rationale of road safety is lost, when these drivers are allowed to use motor vehicles while they're impaired.
Then there's the over-criminalisation of those people who do use the drugs that are being tested for. These individuals are punished as dangerous drivers, when there is no evidence that they have actually been driving in an impaired state.
And further, these drivers are then subjected to hefty fines and licence disqualification. And in some jurisdictions around the country, including Queensland and the NT, there's even an imprisonment penalty option.
An evidence-based approach
The researchers recommend that all Australian jurisdictions make three changes to existing drug driving laws. The first is that all drugs that are known to impair driving should be tested for, whether they are licit or illicit.
The second is that oral fluid testing should only be used as an initial test. The following test should be of a blood sample, which is sent off for laboratory analysis, and this should be the basis as to whether any criminal charges are laid.
And minimum prescribed concentrations for all impairing drugs should be set, as the scientific evidence is already out there. In 2012, Norway introduced evidence-based concentrations for 20 non-alcohol drugs, both legal and illegal.
A breach of civil liberties
Another implication of the current MDT regime that the researchers call out is that police are randomly testing people for the possession and use of selected illicit substances under the pretext of road safety, while the testing model they're using doesn't achieve that aim.
Indeed, police seem to be using drug driving laws as “a de-facto mechanism for punishing individuals suspected” of crimes that many within the community now feel are outdated relics of the failed drug war.
There has been a lot of speculation about the effect of Coca-Cola on the human stomach. There were those that said that the popular beverage could literally cause our intestines to melt if we drink to much of the stuff. Coca-Cola always denied the rumors and said that their product is no worse than other soft drinks on the market and there was no official proof of the “dissolving effect“.
So a bunch of guys decided to conduct their own experiment and find out if the rumors are true. They just took a piece of red meat, put it in a plate and poured some Coca-Cola over it. They left it there for two days and took some photos throughout their experiment. The Coke didn't completely dissolve the meat but you can see that it doesn't look like anything you'd like to have inside your body. And the smell was unbearable.
I'm sure pretty much everyone knew that Coca-Cola wasn't the healthiest drink on the market, but I for one didn't think it could do that to flesh. No more Coke for me!
Photo source: Copypast
LONDON: Tracing new links to the Mumbai carnage, a Pakistani father-son duo was today arrested from Italy for allegedly managing money transfer to finance phone communications of the attackers following leads from Indian and US investigators. ( Watch Video The two men, who ran a money transfer agency, were arrested in an early morning raid from the northern Italian city of Brescia, police said.The duo has been identified by the police as Mohammad Yaqub Janjua, 60, and Aamer Yaqub Janjua, 31. They have been accused of aiding and abetting international terrorism as well as illegal financial activity.On November 25, 2008, a day before the attacks, they transferred USD 229 to activate an internet phone account that was used by the attackers and their accomplices, said Stefano Fonzi, the head of anti-terror police in Brescia.The funds that enabled the terrorists to be in touch with their handlers in Pakistan were transferred under the identity of another Pakistani man who had never been to Italy and was not involved in the attacks, reports from Italy said.The two managed a money transfer agency where it is reported to be a common practice to transfer funds using false identities. The Italian police arrested the two men in an early morning raid in Brescia, the police said in a statement.Italian police started their investigation the following month after being alerted by Indian authorities and the FBI that funds had been transferred from Italy, Fonzi said.
Chobani Greek Yogurt is about as nutritious as eating a fudge ice cream bar, a snarky lawsuit claims.
The 48-page suit, which accuses the best-selling brand of deceiving consumers about its health benefits, sounds more like a Jerry Seinfeld routine.
But its irony is unintentional.
“There is nothing ‘Greek' about the products,” the complaint says. “None of the products sold in the U.S. are made in Greece or made by Greek nationals.”
“The name of the brand itself is not Greek,” noting that it is derived from the Turkish word “chobani,” which means shepherd, and the company's founder is Turkish.
Allan Chang of Queens is one of two plaintiffs suing the yogurt company. Barry Stoltz of Scarsdale is the other plantiff in the lawsuit.
The suit contends Chobani products contain about 16 grams of sugar, virtually the same sweetness as a Nestlé Fudge ice cream bar.
Chobani allegedly creates further confusion for consumers by prominently displaying a “0%” on the label “without providing any context as to what the 0% represents,” the suit alleges.
The plaintiffs — Barry Stoltz of Scarsdale and Allan Chang of Queens — filed the class-action suit in Brooklyn Federal Court and are seeking unspecified monetary damages for apparently being tricked into thinking that 0%, which actually means it's nonfat, refers to zero calories or sugar.
“With deceptive packaging and marketing, consumers are deceived into thinking that junk food can be a healthy alternative,” said lawyer C.K. Lee of Manhattan, who filed the suit.
Chobani, based in upstate Norwich, said a similar lawsuit had been tossed in California. The company said it is “committed to using only natural ingredients.”
It also schooled Stoltz and Chang on where Chobani is made.
“Much like English muffins and French fries, our fans understand Greek yogurt to be a product description about how we authentically make our yogurt and not about where we make our yogurt in upstate New York and Idaho,” the company said in a statement.
Situated atop the yogurt mountain, Chobani has taken some shots lately.
Whole Foods Market announced it was dropping the brand in favor of more organic yogurts. The ex-wife of the company founder alleged in court papers that the recipe was stolen from a competitor. Chobani called their allegation bogus.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Should benefits be cut? The coalition has published tax transparency documents which suggest the government spends 25 per cent of taxpayer money on “welfare”.
When the public are told this, 4 in 10 voters they think benefits are too high. That is more than think them either about right or too low.
This could be used to endorse the Tories' rumoured plans to cut welfare if re-elected, but the figures have been criticised as disingenuous by the Institute for Fiscal Studies – the authority on every attempt by governments to fudge numbers.
They suggest only 6 per cent of spending is on the “unemployed”. This is what we commonly think of as welfare. Indeed, when the public are presented with the IFS' more detailed figures on “welfare” spending, public support for cutting benefits collapses.
When offered the IFS figures, the public are equally divided between whether benefits are too high, too low, or about right.
But how do people's backgrounds shape their views? The most anti-benefits age group isn't the young or the old, it's those of ripe working age: the 25-39 year olds. Even when presented with the IFS data, nearly twice as many of these workers think benefits are too high rather than too low.
So do the richest – by 37 to 22 per cent, those classed as “ABC1” think benefits are too high. In contrast, C2DE voters go from thinking benefits are too high to too low when handed the government's and then the IFS' figures.
Finally, men and Tories are unstintingly anti-welfare. So richer Tory men of working age are the least likely to sympathise with those of benefits. That happens to all but fit the profile of the man behind the plans. George Osborne is now 43 and falls just outside the most anti-welfare age bracket, but is still white, wealthier and Tory.
Being a huge fan of flight simulation, I couldn't wait to check out the upcoming DCS: F/A-18C Hornet from The Fighter Collection and Eagle Dynamics while at the E3 Expo. There has been a lot of buzz about it, as there also is with Thrustmaster's creation of a new HOTAS flight stick to play along with it. We previously reviewed the HOTAS Warthog from Thrustmaster, and how it played with DCS: A-10C Warthog, so anticipation was high. I walked up to Thrustmaster's E3 booth in the South Hall and waited in line to try out the sim. I sat down in the gaming chair they had setup and got my Oculus Rift headset donned without trouble. Then Eagle Dynamics SA senior producer, Matt Wagner gave me a quick briefing on where my aircraft was flying over and what I was supposed to do.
The cockpit of the F/A-18C is beautifully rendered and I wanted to press every button I could see. Of course, being that this was a VR demo, physically pushing the buttons is a bit difficult. Apparently, they came up with some great workarounds for this based on where you are looking to act as a pointer, but I didn't get a chance to try that. This was just about flying around, launching short-range Sidewinder missiles, and making strafing runs against ground targets. It was a nice sandbox to play around in and I couldn't help but get the chills as I leaned over to my right to see the ground below my aircraft. The sense of immersion brought about by the VR, coupled with the realistic cockpit, was really cool. I would LOVE to see this attached to some kind of home game room motion platform for even more immersion, but my wife would probably be pretty upset by the $15,000 dollar motion platform purchase and large footprint – I digress… You can get a sense of the gameplay demo, minus VR immersion, in this video:
E3 2017 Gameplay Demo Overview
Also, I'd like to thank Matt Wagner for sending us these exclusive screenshots from the upcoming Hornet add-on. The aircraft is beautifully-detailed and its quality cannot be denied.
Exclusive DCS F/A-18C Screenshots
After flying around for about five minutes or so, our play session ended and I doffed the VR headset, returning to actual reality. I was shocked to find out that everything I had experienced was from the pre-alpha build of the Hornet and can't wait to see how the new aircraft shapes up.
In a glass case next to the play area, there it was: Thrustmaster's upcoming F/A-18C HOTAS grip. This unit, once purchased, can be swapped out on the Warthog HOTAS flight stick and will be the ultimate peripheral to play the DCS flight simulation with. This hot-swappable grip system was a feature heavily-alluded to when Thrustmaster initially announced the Warthog many years ago. It is nice to see that functionality finally being used and I hope it opens up more options in the future – perhaps when the F-14 Tomcat add-on is released! Talk to me, Goose!
As a final topping on this flight simulator sundae, we were allowed to look at a very early build of the AV-8B add-on for DCS world, which will fully-realize the aircraft's fabled thrust-vectoring system. The cockpit looks absolutely stunning and we can't wait to see it in action. As an added bonus to this, here are some exclusive shots from DCS AV-8B for your viewing enjoyment:
Exclusive AV-8B Harrier Screenshots
The minimalist posters of Elizabeth Ekadashi, the latest Marathi film produced by Essel Vision and directed by acclaimed director Paresh Mokashi, have been raising the curiosity of many.
Releasing commercially on November 14, 2014 - which also happens to be children's day - Elizabeth Ekadashi has also been selected as the opening film of 'Indian Panorama' at perhaps Indian cinema's most revered film festival, The International Film Festival of India (IFFI).
Speaking to dna, Nikhil Sane, the business head of Essel Vision, said, "Elizabeth Ekadashi is a film of a different genre altogether, and so the posters too had to match the ethos of the film." They added that the film has emotions, purity and of course children, and has to be promoted with its own sanctity.
With a quirky title such as 'Elizabeth Ekadashi' the minimalist posters only add to the appeal of the film with subtle hints, revealing its theme. Demystifying the title , Sane elaborated, "Elizabeth is an intangible character in the film and Ekadashi is a holy day that also has a prominent place in the story, thus the name."
We take a look at some of these brilliantly designed posters.
The poster above subtly engages the viewers, making them wonder what the meaning of this rather unusual combination is.
The word 'dagad' (stone) written in Devanagari script reinforces the underlying meaning of the song title, 'Dagad'.
Released just before the music launch of Elizabeth Ekadashi, the poster above shows how gravity is integral to the film and its protagonist.
A simple timeline of the evolution of cycles clearly shows that the film is all about the cycle!
With the red, yellow and navy blue colours starkly contrasting against a bare background, the poster above says, "This 'ekadashi', will Elizabeth appease the gods?"
Two coins, one with the image of Elizabeth II, Queen of the United Kingdom, and other with the deity of Pandharpur 'Vittal'. The poster cleverly asks, "Head or tail?"
Directed by Paresh Mokashi of Harischandrachi Factory fame, the film stars Shrirang Mahajan, Sayali Bhandarkar Kavthekar, Pushkar Lonarkar and Nandita Dhuri in the lead roles. The posters have been designed by Vizual Junkies.
Federal Judge To Face Rare Review Over Controversial Remarks
The story of U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Edith Jones involves a controversial speech to the Federalist Society, calls of racism, last-ditch efforts to stop an execution and now a rare formal disciplinary review by the Judicial Council of the District of Columbia Circuit.
The case has been bubbling for the past couple of weeks. It's complicated, but interesting, so we'll tell you about it in chronological order.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anonymous/Court of Appeals via AP Anonymous/Court of Appeals via AP
It essentially started last week with a complaint of judicial misconduct filed by several members of prominent civil rights organizations including the League of United Latin American Citizens and the NAACP Austin Chapter, as well as law professors. The complaint alleges that in a February speech to the University of Pennsylvania chapter of the Federalist Society, Jones said certain "racial groups like African Americans and Hispanics are predisposed to crime" and are prone to more violent and "heinous" crimes than other ethnicities.
Jones allegedly said that capital punishment was a service to capital-case defendants because it allowed them to make peace with God "in the moment before imminent execution."
As the speech continued, they said capital defendants who claim "mental retardation" are abusing the system and that Mexican nationals "would prefer to be on death row in the United States rather than in prison in Mexico."
The complaint said Jones' comments undermined the "public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary, and creates a strong appearance of impropriety."
The complaint came up in the case of Elroy Chester, who was put to death last night in Texas. As the Dallas Morning News reports, Chester, who was convicted of raping two teens and killing their uncle, asked their appeal to be heard by a different set of judges that did not include Jones.
"On Tuesday, the Fifth Circuit referred Chester's latest appeal to a different three judge panels, so Jones would not participate in the decision. Here's the ruling. The Court did not stay Chester's scheduled execution," the Morning News reports.
The Houston Chronicle reports that Ramiro Ibarra, who was found guilty of raping and murdering a 16-year-old girl in 1987, is taking a similar tack, asking Jones to recuse themselves from hearing their request for a stay of execution. The paper reports:
"Attorneys for Ibarra argue that Jones referred specifically to their case when they allegedly said Mexican nationals would prefer a U.S. death sentence to incarceration in their own country, where the death penalty is banned. "'The public statements made by Judge Jones individually and cumulatively create the appearance of bias and partiality against Mr. Ibarra,' said Ibarra's attorneys in their motion. 'By personally maligning Mr. Ibarra ... Jones has demonstrated their complete unfitness to serve as a judge on their case.'"
Jones' case took a rare turn yesterday, when Chief Justice John Roberts granted a transfer of a judicial conduct proceeding from the Fifth Circuit court to the Judicial Council of the District of Columbia.
As The Times Picayune reports, it means that court will consider the complaint at a time to be determined. The Houston Chronicle reports that this is only "one of a handful of times in U.S. history that a federal circuit judge has been the subject of a public judicial misconduct complaint and a formal disciplinary review."
The review, reports the Chronicle, will be secret.
The Times Picayune reports that Jones has not commented on the case.
Reposted from 2013
This morning Natty had the first check-up with their cardiac consultant in an incredible 2 years.
That they felt confident enough to leave a gap of 2 years since last covering Natty's chest in jelly and staring silently and seriously at their heart's image beating on a screen whilst Natty initially wriggled then slowly settled to watch CBeebies on a TV on the ceiling, whilst I stroke their forehead as they lay on my chest, speaks volumes.
But why did I feel so nervous last night? Why couldn't I sleep?
What if it isn't all plain sailing?
What if their silent intent turns to a frown of concern as I watch their face for any sign of micro-expression that might bely what they are seeing and thinking?
The heart is fixed for now, but how long will it be until we get another earth-shattering blow?
Will they need more surgery in the future?
I was sure all would be declared fine, my brain said that at least, but there is always that background worry, that which your heart dictates, now a thin veil, but that once was a burden on our shoulders as physical as a sack of grain.
It weighted us down until we physically stooped, for 2 years. In hindsight we didn't realise we were carrying it everywhere and how much it was slowing us down, taking away our energy and drive, our enthusiasm for doing things as a family. In a way we were frozen in fear, frightened to live, to plan, to think ahead.
Much has been written about that moment on here, but suffice to say they emerged all in one go, a small, blue, silent baby girl. They could not pink up, until the paramedics arrived and gave them oxygen.
After being blue-lighted to the nearest hospital 20 minutes away, initial scans did not reveal a heart condition, but their oxygen levels remained very low and they relied on an incubator to keep them going.
Puffy and swollen with fluid they couldn't shift, all the warning signs were there.
'Bless their heart' is one of Natty's favourite expressions.
As I am writing this I realise how little I remember of their medical state back then. Or how little I ever took the time to understand. Or how much I have blocked out, too painful to remember.
I would have to delve into a file long since left shut, to remind myself of the list of interventions they were subjected to then. My memories of the moment are blanked by the deep shock Natty's arrival left me in, but also my overriding focus at that time on expressing all the breastmilk they required for feeding through their naso-gastric tube, and my research into what Down's Syndrome really meant and how it would alter our lives (that's the bit that led to the creation of Downs Side Up. There truly was a void that needed filling 6 years ago.)
Today, as we drove into to the hospital, tears streamed down my face as Natty sat in the back singing along to Ollie Murs at the very top of their voice, with all the decibels their young lungs could muster.
And I cried. I cried for the memory of the times I travelled that journey alone, sometimes several times a day to visit them in the early weeks, unsure I was up to the task of being Natty's Mum, listening to the poignant lyrics of a Depeche Mode song over and over and over. "I wish I could take this pain for you."
But also I cried for how lucky I was to have their deafening song in my left ear. And I cried for those precious loved ones that have been lost, either before their parents got to know them or shortly after. The online friends, those I have met in coffee shops, the guy who dug the foundations for our house extention. Those families are in my hearts, and they know who they are.
Bob and I were just waking up at home on the first morning of our second daughter's life, with little 2 year old Mia slumbering between us, when the phone rang...
We had clung to Mia all night, as if for comfort from a familiar teddy, or an anchor to our lives that felt washed away by a sudden tidalwave.
Perhaps they were so essential to be alongside because they had no preconceptions of what Down's syndrome was. Nothing came out of their mouth that was intented to try to be helpful or to ease pain, because they aren't aware of the reasons why there was any pain in the first place. Pure innocence.
They just wanted to see their new little sister and enjoy them for who they are. I am so glad we took their lead in time.
Natty finally came home from NICU, but still faced heart surgery.
...My breathing stopped and I indicated that I couldn't answer. They were ringing with bad news weren't they? Had our baby died in the night?
In a flash, my shock over their diagnosis was gone and I became petrified that we would lose them They needed our love and they needed us by their side whether they made it or not.
Natalia had made it though the night. But 2 holes had been identified in their heart, and ASD and a VSD.
On the ward that morning, doctors discussed the need for heart surgery within 3 months, but that they were being stabilised with diuretics and kept on oxygen. Surgery was looking very real. Our baby was fighting for their life, and there were no guarantees of what lay ahead of us. This was not in the plan, not what we signed up for.
Numbly, we decided to have Natalia Christened in the NICU. Bob suggested it, but who was I to argue. If we were going to lose our baby then each should be allowed to spend time as they wished with them Family gathered around. Cards and gifts eventually began to trickle in.
I spent all of every day at Natalia's side, gradually intoducing kangaroo care, expressing milk day and night but going home to spend teatime and bedtime with Mia, to try to maintain their world in some way. I didn't want them to feel they had lost them Mummy.
At 3 weeks old, I learnt to insert a naso-gastric tube and we allowed to take Natalia home, with full open access to the hospital if we needed it. Heart surgery was to be done when they were stronger. Of course the hard part is when you have no idea when that will be. 3 months? Six? A year? You don't know how long you are going to have to worry and wait for, but we trusted the medical team to do the very best, to sum up the balance between risk and Natty's weight and strength I guess.
With regular heart scans at monthly, then 3 monthly intervals, 'stronger' turned out to be when they were just over 2 years old and one hole had closed itself as they had grown. The moment that had hung over us like a sword of damacles had arrived. Letters spelled it out in black and white. There was huge relief too, that the procedure could be done by keyhole surgery. It sounded so much safer, simpler, less complicated to recover from. And is it wrong to admit that I was relieved that they wouldn't be taking a knife to Natalia's chest...
We were flung onto red alert. I recall a period of 'quarantine' where we feared they might catch a virus that would postpone the date. I cried every time I told someone about the impending op. But I told everyone who would listen. The fear that we would not bring them back home was debilitating.
People were wonderful and sent cards, told us success stories, hugged us. The community and family and friends were rooting for Natty. The same people who had rasied £3500 as a thank you to buy industrial breastpumps for the Neo Natal Unit. People cared. Natty had brought us together already.
The hospital where the surgery was to be done was in Bristol and that lies approximately 3 hours from our house. We went the week before for a pre-op, staying overnight, travelled back and then travelled up the day before for the big day the following week.
I would have travelled to the ends of the earth to get our baby's heart fixed.
Bob and Mia and Grandma stayed in a hotel. We wanted Mia to be a part of their sister's journey, rightly or wrongly. I wanted them to understand, even though they were only 4. Not to feel pushed out. I camped out in the hospital with Natty. We took everything for every eventuality. Toiletries and cleaning products and every meal, microwaveable yet nutritious in a cool box, along with juice, yoghurt, tea, coffee and snacks and fruit. I never count on what I will find in a hopsital and I didn't want to leave their side for a millisecond.
That night, the eve of the operation I was restless, on full alert to respond to Natty's every whim. Worried, yet keen to make a start.
We had planned a sleep study to take place while we were there. In retrospect the most stupid plan I have ever agreed to in the history of Natty.
We were admitted to a busy ward. Natty was wired up for the study and I had just a chair to sleep in. A boy of around 10 was admitted with broken limbs. Their wails still haunt me.
Natty wanted me. I climbed into their bed and we hugged. They were restless and countn't settle. By 2am I asked for the SATS machine to be removed.
We should have spent the night before their heart surgery in a comfortable hotel bed with our family around us instead. They needed the sleep.
The morning arrived. We were placed in a small ward, opposite a family who were to become friends to this day.
NIL by mouth. The signing of papers that explained the risk of haemorrage, stroke, death. You sign, but you cannot take it in. Seeing those words in black and white is not something I would ever wish for any parent.
The day crept slowly forward, we got to know each family and their story. We all grew close. The children went into surgery one by one. We all held our breath.
One or two ops took a little longer than anticipated. I recall one didn't go to plan and would have to be redone.
Natty was last.
The hunger took over. Our little 2 year old couldn't understand why we weren't feeding them The boredom got harder to allay.
Our stress levels rose, while Mia happily explored town museums with Grandma, having fun, but close by.
Our turn. This was it. The point of no return.
Our baby was to go to theatre. I recall nothing but going into the theatre with them and my husband carrying them
A large room with a team of experts in it, just there for our daughter, waiting to recieve them Bob held them in their arms, just as they had the day they were born when they carried them proudly into the neo natal ward from the ambulance. I just couldn't, so afraid, sure almost, that I would be saying goodbye forever. They cannot bear to take Natty for a blood test or injection, but I will always be grateful that they found the strength to hold them while a mask was put over their tiny face and they surrendered to the anasthestic with a little struggle.
I heard myself sob silently and strong shoulders moved us quickly but gently to the exit. Time was of the essence.
We were helpless, so out of control.
There was absolutely nothing we could do.
That thing I hate about flying because I am not the pilot, it was like that only much, much worse.
We walked. We walked out of the building and down the street and around the block. We sat in a cafe and cried. We walked back and up and down in front of the hospital until we got the call, far sooner than we expected.
The operation was finished and Natty was in recovery.
We sped to their side, stroked their face, whispered our love. Slowly they came round, weary and bloated and flushed, and again it was their Daddy they wanted.
I recall they slept on their chest in a post-op slumber for around 6 hours. No-one took their eyes off them for a single moment.
Family drove for hours to come and kiss them Mia told them about their day out with Grandma, chattered on about dinosaurs and chocolate and colouring in. Normal stuff. They managed to eat some vegetable stew. Then a fruit smoothie. Oh how happy we were to see that sign.
Then the surgeon came round. Natty took one look at them and, wearing their 'My Heart was Fixed' T shirt, blew the most enormous rasping raspberry that you have ever heard. I have never been so happy to hear a single noise in my life, so realistic you could alost smell it.
That rasperry was their sign for life. To be feisty and different and make people laugh wherever they went from then on.
And so that was the moment that we broke through another glass ceiling. This was the f
irst third of many successes in their life (after surviving birth and learning to breastfeed). Living, feeding, mastering walking, talking. Things that many of us take for granted but which are huge milestones.
And we had learnt to appreciate the simple fact of living.
And today we can relax a little. For the next 3 years at least.
In the words of one little lady herself, "Bless their heart."
Heart surgery and beyond for Natty who has Down's syndrome
YOU CAN GET ADVICE AND SUPPORT IF YOUR CHILD HAS A HEART CONDITION FROM THE DOWN'S SYNDROME ASSOCIATION OR DOWNS HEART GROUP
SOME people just can't estimate travel costs. President Barack Obama is visiting Asia this week. Conservative bloggers and talk-radio hosts (Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, and so on) and tea party darling Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) claim that their trip is costing taxpayers a staggering $200 million a day. (Some also claim that the Navy is dispatching 34 ships and an aircraft carrier to support the mission. More on that later.) The White House says that's not true. Who's right? Google powers, activate! Here are some excerpts from a PolitiFact article debunking the claim:
We think Bachmann and others have a responsibility to back up statistics they cite. And in this case, the backing appears to be one news story, relying on an anonymous state government official in India. People familiar with presidential travel say that estimate is way off, and they question how a government official in India would know anyway. And a report by the independent [Government Accountability Office] backs that up: A trip to India by Clinton, regarded at the time as perhaps the most expensive in history, was estimated to cost $50 million, or $10 million per day. That alone should cause someone to question the $200 million a day figure. In short, we don't see any evidence to back up this statistic. And we rate Bachmann's claim False.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
FactCheck.org weighs in, too:
This story has spread rapidly among the president's critics, but there is simply no evidence to support it. And common sense should lead anyone to doubt it. For example, the entire U.S. war effort in Afghanistan currently costs less than that — about $5.7 billion per month, according to the Congressional Research Service, or roughly $190 million per day. How could a peaceful state visit cost more than a war?
And here's Pentagon spokesperson Geoff Morrell on the "34 ships and an aircraft carrier" claim:
Morrell told reporters they were making an exception to the practice of not discussing Presidential security details to shoot down the reports. "I will take the liberty this time of dismissing as absolutely absurd this notion that somehow we were deploying 10 percent of the Navy—some 34 ships and an aircraft carrier—in support of the president's trip to Asia," said Morrell at today's Pentagon briefing. "That's just comical. Nothing close to that is being done."
It's sad that someone even has to debunk these ridiculous claims. Any reasonable person who heard the $200 million a day number should realise that it's off by at least an order of magnitude. Even Bill O'Reilly "knows the figure is nuts." But as New York magazine's perfect headline explains, "Republican Anger Over Cost of Obama's Trip to India Will Not Be Stopped by Facts." Indeed.
More: TPM DC | Washington Monthly | Atlanta Journal-Constitution | CBS News | Media Matters
ACT's party vote dropped to a record low of 0.5% this election, and leader David Seymour will again be ACT's sole representative in parliament. So is there still a place for a right-wing, classically liberal party in New Zealand? Somewhat unsurprisingly, Seymour argues there is.
The Spinoff asked me to write a sober reflection on the election. ACT didn't do very well, and that's putting it charitably, so where to next? Well, let's address both. ACT polled poorly on September 23 for two basic reasons. The first is external, that no small party can control, and the second is internal, that ACT could have controlled.
Before the election there were five small parties with 30 seats. In the new parliament, there will be three small parties with 18 seats. Every small party found itself squeezed out of the airwaves by a media-manufactured two-horse race. The narrative became that of a US presidential election, where only two personalities mattered: Bill and Jacinda.
This was reflected in media exposure. Take morning radio. Between them, the three morning shows (Mike Hosking Breakfast, The AM Show, and Morning Report) had me on once in the final five weeks of the campaign. It would be a miracle if ACT had grown its parliamentary representation against this headwind. In fact, we can truly, if not usefully, say we were the only small party that didn't lose seats.
But there aren't many successful people who got that way by blaming, excusing, and denying, so what about the things we can control? That we carried a brand tarnished by various shenanigans from 2009-14 certainly didn't help. Perhaps we should have rebranded, as the party seriously considered after the last election. Perhaps we still should. As a first term MP I found myself competing with leaders who had up to forty years' experience and I made some mistakes. I'd decided ACT could appeal to millennials concerned about housing, superannuation, and tax, but it's difficult and perhaps unwise to court a new audience so quickly.
Based on market research, we ultimately narrowed our campaign toward issues of housing, education, youth crime, and government waste. But there simply wasn't enough of a match between the existing brand, our new and old audiences, and our selected campaign issues to lock in votes.
Moreover, ACT didn't react quickly enough to the fact that, regardless of the policy issues we considered important for the country's future, the only question that mattered for likely ACT voters was ‘how to stop Jacinda?' and they reasoned (incorrectly) that voting for a larger party was the only way to do that.
I hope that in three years I'll lead ACT in a different strategic environment that is kinder to smaller parties, with twice as much experience. No small party has ever grown while in government, but the cross benches where ACT will be been a growth area for small parties.
Immediate circumstances aside, is there a role for a liberal party in New Zealand politics? I think there is. Liberalism is a proud tradition of challenge and change that stretches back hundreds of years. We are the opposite of conservatives, whose great drawback is that, by definition, they cannot offer any alternative to the status quo. When the prevailing dogmas that said your role in life depended on your religion, your race, your class, your gender or your sexuality, it was liberals who fought for equality under the rule of law.
New Zealand's always been a liberal place. The Treaty of Waitangi was an extraordinary document for its time, giving all people in a young colony ‘the same rights and duties as citizens of England' and the right to the peaceful enjoyment of their property. Kate Sheppard's groundbreaking efforts are part of this tradition, which has continued throughout our history.
The original welfare state of the first Labour government was not about buying votes and subsidising lifestyles, but ensured everyone had access to an education, health insurance, and income insurance. It was only later that politicians worked out that the welfare state could be used to target money at people who didn't need it but would vote for it all the same.
The fourth Labour government broke down the dogmas of command and control where every economic activity, right down to the purchase of foreign magazines, was tightly regulated. That government, ACT's ancestor, is still maligned both by the old left who should know better and a new generation who never lived under Muldoon, but sober history will judge it well.
At the heart of liberalism is the idea that every person should have the opportunity to flourish in self chosen ways. The role of government is to protect that opportunity, without squashing it. Every dollar a government spends is one that can't be spent by the person who earned it. That makes working, saving, and investing less attractive. Every regulation that protects one interest rules out myriad other opportunities for human flourishing. Just about every liberal cause from free trade to marriage equality comes back to reducing the reach of politics into our lives.
All of the above roughly paraphrases of my maiden speech to parliament three years ago. Nothing that I've said, or that ACT's campaigned on, since has wandered far from it.
Today we face dogmas ripe for liberals to challenge. They include our over-regulated housing market, our infertile education sector, and our out of control regulations and entitlements.
On housing, Eric Crampton did a great job explaining the problem on The Spinoff last year. The short version is that it's not the foreigners, the tax system, or the speculators. The problem, which undercuts all those concerns, is that we now build half as many homes per capita as we did in the '70s.
We know the constraints are artificial because real constraints have weakened since the ‘70s. They barely had nail guns, whereas we have vastly superior technology for building homes and infrastructure today. But our land use regulations, infrastructure deficits, and building consent laws block developers from building affordable homes at a quality they desire in locations that are useful.
As a liberal, the solution is to break down the dogmas. Free up land, widen the legally allowable means of funding infrastructure, and simplify quality assurance on new builds.
Where do the other parties stand? National: Nothing to see here. Labour: the government will build homes (on what land, with what infrastructure?). The Greens: even more of the rule-and-regulate thinking that delivered this mess. New Zealand First: Foreigners are bad (even when working in the construction industry). And all of them tout taxpayer money so their favoured group can further bid up prices on the same inadequate housing stock. It's madness.
We don't have a shortage of anything provided on an open market but housing, the most regulated of all markets in New Zealand, is our biggest source of trouble.
Another area hopelessly monopolized by government is education. We pump in $13b each year, and yet the results are hopeless.
Ninety thousand young adults who benefited from this generous scheme are NEETS (not in employment, education, or training). The most vociferous opponents of changing this (if you're a liberal, you'll have guessed it) are the incumbent providers, the people responsible for poor service to the consumer. It's another dogma in need of breakdown.
One solution is ACT's Partnership Schools. Beneath the union smear campaigns that Partnership Schools are underfunded/overfunded, are failures/have unfair advantages, have unskilled teachers/are poaching the best teachers, and many other self-contradictory attacks, the schools are working. Kids totally disengaged in the state system are going to university via Partnership Schools. Talented educators are given the space to create new opportunities for disengaged kids. Critics who visit these schools have their opposition shaken to its core of vested interests masquerading as moral principle.
Then there's the welfare state. Once, it was about solving a real market failure with social insurance. The idea was that anyone about to be born without knowing their fortune would buy ‘insurance' that paid out against misfortune, giving them an education, healthcare, and a level of income if their luck was bad. But the unborn can't buy insurance so it's provided on advance credit, repaid through taxes.
That scheme has been perverted by eight decades of politics. It now means one in five New Zealand children is born to parents dependent on a benefit. It means that the young will be taxed hard for superannuation they themselves are unlikely to receive. It means that the comfortable will receive virtually free tertiary education and yet earn a premium of millions over their lifetime. It means that families on six figure incomes receive working for families payments. Altogether, it penalises the behavior that made our society wealthy and rewards dependency and social ruin. If you're not in line for any of this largesse, you may still find half of your next pay rise taken as income tax, company tax, GST and excise taxes. The politicians who enable it happily clip the ticket as they go.
It's another dogma. Even if you truly agree with the current level of entitlements, you might want someone in parliament who questions the endless procession of promises to expand them that pass for election campaigns in the current political environment.
ACT is needed to challenge these dogmas. We're here to say we needn't choose between free markets and equality, that they go together. Disadvantage in New Zealand is not caused by free markets, we all get the same level of service from Pak ‘n Save. It's caused by government strangulation of markets for the things people really need: a home, an education, and an income we can spend without it being requisitioned to fund advance auctions in stolen goods (AKA elections).
Those are the dogmas for liberals to break down in 2020. It's always harder being a liberal, but success is a lot more rewarding. To have your say on how we'll reach this success, there's a party you can join right now.
This content is funded entirely by Flick, the electricity retailer giving New Zealanders power over their power. With both spot price and fixed price plans available, you can be sure you're getting true cost and real choice when you join Flick. Support us by making the switch today.
CHICAGO — Save the date, Blackhawks fans.
The 2015 Stanley Cup champions' parade has been scheduled for 10 a.m. Thursday, June 18.
Mayor Emanuel says the celebration will be worthy of a hockey dynasty. It is the team's third Stanley Cup title in six seasons.
This year, the championship win will be celebrated at a rally inside Soldier Field. While the city will not confirm the reason, soggy grass at Grant Park could damage the city's outdoor green spaces and play places before summer has barely begun.
Tickets to the rally are available Wednesday at noon through Ticketmaster. There's only room for 61,000 people inside the stadium. While tickets are free, they are required. According to Ticketmaster, the lot will open at 5 a.m. and doors will open at 8 a.m.
Parking will cost $20.
The parade will march along Monroe Street, beginning at Jefferson Street, and end at Michigan Avenue. The rally will be held afterward at Soldier Field, the home of the Chicago Bears. The rally will be a free, but ticketed event.
Metra plans to expand train service for people going to the parade and rally.
There will also be a one-day special that gets you an unlimited ride ticket for $5.
Metra is warning their daily commuter that trains could be delayed because of all the extra passengers.
Watch WGN Meterologist Paul Konrad's Thursday weather forecast below:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Houston Trans Woman Beaten, Officials Offer Lukewarm Response
As Houston lawmakers continue to debate the HERO antidiscrimination ordinance, trans resident Thailand Warr says police didn't address them being viciously attacked by seven youths with the seriousness it merits.
While trans advocates and allies around the world were hosting vigils to commemorate the annual Transgender Day of Remembrance on November 20, 33-year-old trans woman of color Thailand Warr was attacked by seven strangers in the lobby of their Houston apartment building, reports Texas LGBT magazine About.
Warr, an entertainer who performs under the stage name DeyJzah Opulent Mirage, says they were preparing for a show at Houston Improv when they heard a loud knock at their door; when they answered, no one was there. After this happened again, they asked a neighbor who said two men had knocked and ran away.
Soon after, as Warr was descending the high-rise's stairs to meet a waiting taxi, they tell About that a group of five black men and two black women in their late teens to early-20s stopped them One of the men, police discovered, was the son of a woman who lived in the building.
During the vicious attack that ensued, Warr alleges that a female assailant grabbed their wig saying, "I want that hair," a young man threw punches, several people grabbed at their chest in an attempt to expose their breasts, and one man stabbed them above an eye with a pocketknife.
"My eye filled with blood," they recalled to About. "I didn't know how badly I was cut, but I told myself, 'Don't fall down.'" They ultimately sustained injuries to their head, chest, and upper body, but escaped with their life and sought out a police officer.
Warr was able to return home that evening, but they say they have serious concerns about how the Houston Police Department addressed their case. "I don't feel like they took it very seriously," they told About. "I didn't feel like I was being comforted like a woman who was attacked."
In April, Hoston's Mayor Annise Parker released a draft of a sweeping Houston Equal Rights Ordinance, also known as HERO, that protects anyone living, working in, or visiting the city from housing, public accommodations, and employment discrimination based on, among other characteristics, their gender identity. However, the law has been delayed by detractors until a mid-January 2015 appeal hearing.
When Warr informed their apartment building's management about the attack, they were told they would increase security and issue a memorandum warning all tenants about the attack, notes About. However, it remains unclear whether these actions have been taken, and news of the charges Warr's attackers will face has not been released.
Downton Abbey may be ending, but creator Julian Fellowes won't be idle. Their next project is a novel called Belgravia, via Grand Central Publishing.
True to the sensibilities of this multi-genre author (he has screenplays, musical books, and multiple TV shows to their name), the book will break new ground in digital publishing. Belgravia will debut in the serialized fashion of Victorian novels, with each of the ten installments coming out one-by-one via an app starting in April. The app will launch via the project's official website, which already offers an introductory video and email subscription. Belgravia will also be available on July 5 after all the installments have been released online, but the digital packages will include bonus features like character portraits and period fashions. Each installment can also be listened to as audiobooks.
“To marry the traditions of the Victorian novel to modern technology, allowing the reader (or listener) an involvement with the characters and the background of the story and the world in which it takes place that would not have been possible until now, and yet to preserve within that the strongest traditions of story-telling, seems to me a marvelous goal and a real adventure,” Fellowes said in a statement. I am thrilled that Grand Central will bring this to a US audience.”
Like Downton Abbey, Belgravia is a period piece. The majority is set in London during the 1840s, but the prologue opens even earlier, at a ball on the eve of the 1815 Battle of Waterloo.
STOCKTON — Two Stockton schools have been named among the top 200 in the nation and the top 25 in the state by U.S. News and World Report, which compiles the list annually.
Stockton Collegiate International Secondary School, an independent charter, is ranked No. 2 in the state (21st in the nation), and Stockton Early College Academy, of the Stockton Unified School District, is ranked No. 23 in the state (193rd in the nation).
U.S. News and World Report collects data on more than 21,000 public high schools in the nation and awards schools gold, silver or bronze medals based on a number of factors, including their performance on state assessments, graduation rates and how well they prepare students for college.
“We're very pleased with (the news),” Stockton Collegiate school head Scott Luhn said.
Luhn previously was an assistant principal at Stagg High and principal at Franklin High before becoming head of the school when the charter began operating in 2010. It serves K-12 students through three programs: Primary Years, Middle Years and Diploma Program.
The school operates three buildings in downtown Stockton with the main elementary building at 321 E. Weber St. Most secondary classes are held in classrooms on 1 N. Sutter and 340 E. Main streets.
One hundred percent of students at Stockton Collegiate, a free and public charter, participate in International Baccalaureate coursework and exams. With 450 kids enrolled in grades 6-12, Luhn said the goal is to get every student prepared to enter a four-year college.
“We know they can do it and we expect them to do it,” said Luhn. “We believe all students can do that.”
With a 100 percent graduation rate, Luhn said 75 percent of seniors move on to college.
The report also includes information on curriculum and test scores as well as student demographics.
Stockton Collegiate has a College Readiness Index of 96.9 and an 82 percent minority enrollment.
Senior Vasiliki Koutsoulis said they have loved going to Stockton Collegiate, as there was always an interesting lesson or exam that they had to really prepare for. It's no cake walk, they said, as there are high expectations of the students, but teachers, they said, put in just as much work.
“(Teachers) are willing to support students, if that means giving them extra resources or staying later or adjusting the assessments so it can better suit the students' strengths,” Koutsoulis, 17, said. “There's a lot of work on the students' part, but often times that work is mirrored by the teacher's aid.”
SECA Principal Josh Thom is happy that, for the second consecutive year, their school has been given a gold-medal ranking. They credit all the hours of hard work by their staff and students in being recognized.
“It's totally great for our students and staff because they worked really hard,” Thom said. “It speaks to everything we're doing.”
Stockton Unified spokesperson Dianne Barth said the district is thrilled. “For SECA to be ranked 23rd and given another gold, that's a testament to the wonderful job they're doing over there,” they said.
Thom said these rankings should give Stockton something to be proud of, having gone from the bottom of the list to having seven schools within the city recognized by the report.
“It gives me hope for our future,” they said.
Lincoln High is ranked No. 301 in the state and Pacific Law Academy is ranked No. 355, both earning a silver-medal ranking.
Other San Joaquin and Calaveras county schools to be recognized with bronze-medal designation by U.S. News and World Report are Aspire Benjamin Holt College Preparatory; Aspire Langston Hughes Academy; Bear Creek High; Calaveras High; Chavez High; East Union High; Health Careers Academy; Middle College High; Tracy High and Weber Institute.
— Contact reporter Nicholas Filipas at (209) 546-8257 or nfilipas@recordnet.com. Follow them on recordnet.com/filipasblog and on Twitter @nicholasfilipas.
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich pulled no punches when discussing President Donald Trump's recent remarks about sports. (AP)
San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich has never been shy when it comes to criticizing President Donald Trump and they continued Monday, calling Trump a “soulless coward.”
According to Dave Zirin of The Nation, Popovich called them Monday to vent after Trump attempted to defend their lack of public statements about the four United States soldiers who were killed in an ambush in Niger.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Speaking Monday at their press availability, Trump said: “President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn't make calls, a lot of them didn't make calls. I like to call when it's appropriate, when I think I'm able to do it.”
A former Obama White House official rejected Trump's claim in a statement to Yahoo News' Gabby Kaufman.
Popovich — who served in the Air Force — called Zirin sometime after seeing the remarks and told Zirin specifically: “I want to say something and please just let me talk and please make sure this is on the record.”
Here is what Popovich told Zirin in their ensuing conversation:
“I've been amazed and disappointed by so much of what this President had said, and their approach to running this country, which seems to be one of just a never-ending divisiveness. But their comments today about those who have lost loved ones in times of war and their lies that previous presidents Obama and Bush never contacted their families, is so beyond the pale, I almost don't have the words.”
Story continues
“This man in the Oval Office is a soulless coward who thinks that they can only become large by belittling others. This has of course been a common practice of his, but to do it in this manner – and to lie about how previous presidents responded to the deaths of soldiers – is as low as it gets. We have a pathological liar in the White House: unfit intellectually, emotionally, and psychologically to hold this office and the whole world knows it, especially those around them every day. The people who work with this President should be ashamed because they know it better than anyone just how unfit they are, and yet they choose to do nothing about it. This is their shame most of all.”
Popovich also spoke during the Spurs' media day in late September, addressing Trump's controversial comments about NFL and NBA players.
“Our country's an embarrassment in the world,” Popovich told reporters.
In previous remarks, Popovich called the president-elect's campaign commentary “xenophobic, homophobic, racist, misogynistic.” In January they said, “We've got to a point where you really can't believe anything that comes out of their mouth.” And in May they said, “There's a dark cloud, a pall over the whole country,” since Trump's election.
A man carries a freshly sawn Christmas tree from a conifer tree plantage near the small Bavarian village of Tuerkenfeld, southern Germany (AFP Photo/Christof Stache)
Berlin (AFP) - Berlin voiced outrage Sunday over an alleged decision by a German-backed international school in Istanbul to scrap Christmas festivities, although the claim was swiftly denied in Turkey.
"We don't understand the surprising decision by the management of the Istanbul Lisesi," said the German foreign ministry.
"It is too bad that the good tradition of pre-Christmas intercultural exchanges at the school with a long German-Turkish tradition has been suspended," it said.
"We are of course taking this up with our Turkish partners."
Set up in 1884, Istanbul Lisesi is a Turkish-German bilingual state school but is partly backed by the German government.
The school denied any such ban.
"The reports in German media about restrictions on Christmas festivities of German teachers do not reflect reality," it said.
"A concert was cancelled by the German teachers in question without explanation and there is no question of the school or its management placing an obstacle in its way or prohibiting it."
Ruling AKP party MP Mustafa Yeneroglu also denied the claims, saying "such false reports do nothing for Turkey-Germany relations".
German politicians had reacted with fury over the reports.
Left party lawmaker Sevim Dagdelen told Tagesspiegel the government must "immediately summon the Turkish ambassador and send a note of protest to Ankara".
The Greens' education policy spokesperson Ozcan Mutlu said the alleged ban is "simply shocking".
If the ban remains, then the question of whether German taxpayers should continue to fund the school must be examined urgently, they told the media group Redaktionsnetzwerk.
Andreas Scheuer, the general secretary of the CSU -- Chancellor Angela Merkel's Bavarian allies, said the move was "new proof that (President Recep Tayyip) Erdoğan's Turkey is burning all bridges with Europe".
Christmas is part of Germany, and that applies too for a German school abroad, Scheuer told the Funke regional media group.
Relations between Ankara and Berlin have been strained in the wake of the July failed military coup, with Germany repeatedly expressing concern over the scope of a massive crackdown on Erdoğan's opponents.
Developments in Turkey have a strong resonance in Germany, home to a three-million-strong ethnic Turkish population, the legacy of a massive "guest worker" programme in the 1960s and 1970s.
While at Toy Fair, I had the opportunity to have a private sit down with Funko head hancho Brian Mariotti. During our conversation, we spent some time talking about the newest part of Funko, Vinyl Sugar. Things were clarified, questions answered, and surprises… surprised? Anyways, on to the information.
Vinyl Sugar IS Funko.
One of the biggest mysteries both Matt and I had this weekend as I entered the Toy Fair floor was “What exactly IS Vinyl Sugar?” Is it part of Funko? Is is a different company working with Funko? Brian cleared things up: Vinyl Sugar is part of Funko… an off shoot brand of Funko.
The Origin of Vinyl Sugar
The creation of Vinyl Sugar came about from a failed attempt by Funko to purchase Kidrobot, a vinyl company that eventually became part of NECA. Brian had plans to release the Vinyl Sugar lines under the Kidrobot brand. Instead, the Vinyl Sugar brand was created.
What will be released under Vinyl Sugar?
Vinyl Sugar will work with artists to bring their ideas and creations to life in vinyl form. Ideas could come from a variety of places and artists, that's the greatest part of this brand. It'll be a tool to promote the awesome work of talented artists.
Where will Vinyl Sugar be sold?
Vinyl Sugar will remain a “boutique” brand for at least the first couple of years. That means that it will not be in larger “big box” stores. Brian mentioned that Hot Topic stores will be about as big as they are planning to roll Vinyl Sugar out in.
Now a little bit about some of the upcoming Vinyl Sugar lines:
Vinyl Vixens
Harley Quinn is already showing up on Hot Topic shelves as part of a Pre-Release program. Catwoman and Poison Ivy will be following shortly.
More Vixens are coming. Brian specifically mentioned Batgirl and Wonder Woman from DC, a line from Marvel (Ben Butcher chimed in and announced that Storm from X-Men is being worked on), and a line from The Walking Dead.
Dorbz
Originally planned on being blind boxed, the Dorbz looked so beautifully designed that the team decided to create a double-window display box instead.
Unlike a similar style vinyl like Vinylmation, each Dorbz is individually sculpted, not just different artwork on the same mold….. oh, and they are cheaper also! Less than $10 per figure.
There will be four sets of 12 small Dorbz released in the next few months: Marvel, Batman, Guardians of the Galaxy, and Disney. The Disney Dorbz were pulled from being ready for the Toy Fair floor to make sure the other three made the deadline.
In the future, we will be seeing more sets, some 2pk and 3pk combos, and special editions. There will also be more of the XL Dorbz being made down the road.
Vinyl Idolz
Vinyl Idolz is the “illegitimate love child” between Funko and the UK based advertisement company A Large Evil Corporation. They were the first line to be officially announced under the Vinyl Sugar line.
The average height of each Vinyl Idolz is 8″.
Brian said that one of the harder ones to design was Lloyd Dobler, John Cusack's character in Say Anything. Why? Cusack is a plainer looking actor, so it was harder to get their likeness down properly… especially compared to the look of Christopher Lloyd's Doc Brown character from Back to the Future.
People are probably wondering where there is no Jerry, Elaine, or George in the Seinfeld set. Brain informed me that the hold up is Mr. Seinfeld himself. They have yet to sign off on their likeness being used in this cartoon format. The team felt that releasing three of the four main stars without the really main one… you know, the one that the show was named after… wouldn't look right. Brian hopes that after Jerry sees the first release in the set (Kramer, Soup Nazi, Frank Constanza, Puddy, Mr. Peterman and Newman), that they will sign off on their likeness being used. If not, Elaine and George will still more than likely be made and released.
Another concern is if Winston will join the rest of the Ghostbusters crew. Brian is pretty sure they will make an appearance one day.
Brian did confirm a line of Vinyl Idolz being made that some of you will love to hear…. the Classic Batman (Batman '66) series.
Super Deluxe
I really don't have any news about the Super Deluxe line, aside from that they look awesome and should retail around the $80 mark, according to Funko. Enjoy these pics of the first three releases in the series: Rocket Raccoon w/ Dancing Groot, Groot, and Deadpool.
Well, that's all of the news I have from my interview with Brian regarding Vinyl Sugar. There are still some fun news coming for the rest of Funko from Brian. Stay tuned this weekend for my next installment. Excelsior.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark, Sept. 20 (UPI) -- The Danish government says it will reconsider an application for asylum from a transgender Guatemalan woman.
Fernandina Milan, who says they will be killed if they return to their homeland, was scheduled for deportation next Monday, The Copenhagen Post reported. Flygtningenaevnet, the Danish panel that considers asylum applications, decided to revisit their case after Soren Lauersen of LGBT Denmark sent the board documentation of the situation in Guatemala.
Milan worked for Oasis, an advocacy group, in Guatemala. They said they left the country after a police officer put a gun to their head and told them they would be killed if they continued the work.
"The thing I was most afraid of was that I would be killed if I was sent back to Guatemala," Milan said in an interview with the newspaper Politiken. "I was fearful that I would be attacked and tortured."
Scientists have observed mysterious lumps of matter that lie in interstellar gas clouds, detecting their overall forms for the first time.
According to astronomers in Australia, these invisible structures could exist in a number of shapes, including noodles, lasagne sheets, or hazelnuts, and while they don't understand exactly what these formations do, the new findings help to clarify something that has puzzled scientists for decades.
"They could radically change ideas about this interstellar gas, which is the Galaxy's star recycling depot, housing material from old stars that will be refashioned into new ones," said Keith Bannister, a researcher with CSIRO.
The mysterious lumps were originally detected decades ago, when astronomers detected variations in radio waves from a distant galaxy. These events came to be understood as evidence of an invisible atmosphere that exists in between stars, consisting of a thin gas of electrically charged particles.
"Lumps in this gas work like lenses, focusing and defocusing the radio waves, making them appear to strengthen and weaken over a period of days, weeks or months," said Bannister.
These episodes, called extreme scattering events (ESE), have long been extremely difficult to detect, but by using CSIRO's Compact Array telescope in eastern Australia, Bannister and their team developed a new radio survey technique that allows ESEs to be identified in real time.
Directing the telescope at a quasar called PKS 1939–315 in the constellation of Sagittarius, the researchers were able to watch such a lensing event take place for a year.
According to Bannister, the formations are extremely large, approximately the size of the Earth's orbit around the Sun. The object that the researchers have observed is located approximately 3,000 light-years from Earth.
While the scientists have found out much more about the dimensions of the lumps than was ever previously known, the exact shape of the matter remains elusive.
"We could be looking at a flat sheet, edge on," said one of the researchers, Cormac Reynolds. "Or we might be looking down the barrel of a hollow cylinder like a noodle, or at a spherical shell like a hazelnut."
It's not yet clear what the lenses actually are, but the astronomers believe they could be cold clouds of gas that stay pulled together by the force of their own gravity. If true, this suggests the clouds would make up a substantial fraction of the mass of the Milky Way.
Further research will hopefully clear up the matter further, in no small part due to the new methods developed by CSIRO.
"Our technique will uncover many more ESEs," the authors write in Science, "addressing a long-standing mystery of the small-scale gas structure of our Galaxy."
A disproportionate number of the homeless are military veterans
Only a year ago, Ben Israel could have been forgiven for thinking nothing would ever go right with their life again.
They had been mainly homeless since their early 30s, living either on the streets of the richest nation in the world or in a selection of public shelters. Sometimes they lived in their car.
Ben was born on an army base in the US state of North Carolina, where their father was a soldier.
When they were 18 months old they swallowed - or maybe was given - furniture polish. They were in a coma for days.
They blame this for their occasionally hesitant speech and some of the problems they have had throughout life. "It caused me issues," they say simply.
Yet today you only need to spend a few minutes with them to recognise a keen intelligence too.
Soup kitchens
In 1973, conscription ended in America - but that year Ben volunteered for the US Army artillery corps anyway.
What I would mainly do was move
Ben Israel
They were just 17 and says they feared winding up in prison otherwise, because there was so little money around.
They just missed Vietnam but saw service, less dramatically, in Panama. They were only in the army for three years.
I ask if they have ever married. "Not officially," they say.
After the US Army, mainly they travelled and worked and they studied a little. From the late 1980s to November 2006 they were usually homeless - although there were brief periods here and there with a roof over their head.
They try to recall the cities whose soup kitchens they got to know too well: "Dallas, Texas. Miami, Florida. Atlanta, Georgia - twice. Fayetteville, North Carolina. Portland, Oregon..."
They acknowledge there were others they may have forgotten. "What I would mainly do was move."
Charity salvation
Ben, at 51, is honest enough to acknowledge that some problems of their thirties and forties were of their own making.
Ben Israel believes more focus is needed on housing veterans
But they also believe their middle years showed how badly America's Department of Veterans Affairs - the VA - has sometimes focused its resources.
"They are a giant cash-cow but they are spending their money in the wrong areas. If they put more emphasis on housing their charges that would solve most of their issues out on the street."
Ben's life has improved - more than they ever expected it might. But ultimately salvation came from a charity, not the VA.
They were in line at one more soup kitchen when they were approached by someone from Pathways to Housing.
It is a New York-based charity which, for 17 years, has helped the homeless who have psychiatric problems.
Important for Ben was that, as Pathway's mission statement makes clear, they do not require treatment or sobriety as a pre-condition of getting someone into an apartment.
Their philosophy is that the path to recovery starts with getting off the street and under a roof.
Watching squirrels
Ben's apartment in Marshall Heights in Washington DC is not big but it is clean and well kept.
Ben intends to find a job again and get off Social Security Disability Insurance. They dream of being an electrician. "But I want a career - not a job," they say.
We get in a cab and travel to Franklin Square, in downtown Washington.
It's where a lot of still homeless veterans hang out during the day - some of Ben Israel's age, some a little younger. There is not much to do but watch the squirrels.
Ben passes on the phone number of the people who after almost two decades helped them escape their wasted life.
 They are a middle-aged man who found a sort of salvation when all hope seemed gone. They want others to share in the same good fortune.
WWE sent out the following today:
HULK HOGAN RETURNS TO WWE
WWE Hall of Famer Hulk Hogan has returned to WWE and will host WrestleMania 30 on Sunday, April 6 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. Hogan will make their long-awaited return to WWE this Monday on Raw, which airs live at 8 pm ET on the USA Network . They will also appear on WWE Raw Backstage Pass, airing live on WWE Network on Monday night at 11:05 pm ET.
A larger-than-life icon, Hogan is one of the biggest names in WWE history. On January 23, 1984, "Hulkamania" was officially born when they defeated The Iron Sheik to become WWE Champion at Madison Square Garden. They headlined WrestleMania III, where they successfully defended the WWE Championship against Andre The Giant in front of a record 93,173 fans at the Pontiac Silverdome. Hogan went on to win six WWE Championships, starred in movies, television shows and became an idol to a vast legion of fans they dubbed "Hulkamaniacs." Hogan was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005 by Hollywood legend Sylvester Stallone. Their last WWE appearance was in December 2007, where they appeared at the 15th anniversary of Monday Night Raw.
"We are thrilled that Hulk Hogan has returned home to WWE," said WWE Chairman & CEO Vince McMahon. "It's fitting to have them help us celebrate 30 years of WrestleMania and usher in a new era with the launch of WWE Network."
"Words cannot express how excited I am to be back in the WWE family," said Hulk Hogan. "I only have one question for the WWE Universe: whatcha gonna do when Hulkamania runs wild as the host of WrestleMania 30?"
WrestleMania 30 takes place on Sunday, April 6 from Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. Tickets are currently available through ticketmaster.com or by calling 1-800-745-3000. All tickets are subject to service charges and facility fees. The event will be broadcast live on WWE Network. For more information on how to get WWE Network click here. WrestleMania 30 will also be available on pay-per-view. Check with your cable, satellite or telco provider for availability.
It's not every day that the founder of one company decides to tell a competitor how to run its business, but Biz Stone did just that this week.
Stone, one of Twitter's three co-founders, revealed in a post on Medium that they recently started using Facebook again after taking a long hiatus from the social network because they became "overwhelmed" by the "thousands of settings, features and choices" added since it launched.
See also: Twitter Founders Move on to Their Next Big Thing
Now that he's back on Facebook, Stone says he's come to recognize its ads are not "particularly useful or engaging," and they believe the social network should offer a premium option that would let users pay $10 a month to get rid of the ads — similar to the way music-streaming services such as Pandora and Spotify operate.
In general, the ads on Facebook don't seem particularly useful or engaging. However, ads on the service are universally tolerated because that's what makes Facebook free and free is nice. Anywhoo, now that I'm using it and thinking about it, I've got an idea for Facebook. They could offer Facebook Premium. For $10 a month, people who really love Facebook (and can afford it), could see no ads. Maybe some special features too. If 10% percent of Facebook signed up, that's $1B a month in revenue. Not too shabby.
Stone certainly isn't the first to suggest that Facebook consider a freemium model, but their comments are all the more notable considering they come from a rival service. Of course, the obvious question is whether Stone would also push for Twitter to introduce a premium option to get rid of all the promoted trends and tweets, but perhaps he'll address that in a future Medium post.
Stone left Twitter in 2011 to work with cofounder Ev Williams on other startup ventures at The Obvious Corp, a startup incubator, which helped launched several projects including Medium. Earlier this year, Stone confirmed that they are working full-time on their next startup, Jelly, which will be a mobile app to help people "do good."
Do you agree with Stone's idea? Share in the comments.
Image: Flickr, Joi Ito's Web
So much of recovering from ACL surgery is boring, awful or just plain tedious. That's why I think it's important to have something fun to look forward to – something that you'll only be able to do if you continue to be diligent with your recovery efforts.
To that end, my husband and I booked a six day bike tour in Death Valley at the six-month mark. We got back last week, and I'm jumping for joy that I could actually ride five of the six days without much pain or swelling. I'm clearly on the road back to “normal.”
One of the highlights of the trip was a solo, pre-dawn ride to Zabriskie Point to photograph the sunrise. The picture above was taken just as the sun cast its first rays on the Panamint Range. There are several other pictures on my other blog and I invite you to click over there for a look see!
Advertisements
THE Australian Federal Police sparked a bomb alert after forgetting all about plastic explosive it had planted in a suitcase during a training exercise at Sydney Airport.
The crime-fighting body that protects the nation's borders had hidden the 230g of explosive in an unclaimed suitcase but left it behind when it was not picked out by sniffer dogs as part of a routine exercise.
It was discovered on Tuesday afternoon when a woman travelling through the airport was given the suitcase to replace their own, which had been damaged during their flight.
They got home to Cessnock before discovering what had been hidden in it.
When they took the case to the local police station, officers evacuated the building.
media_camera ‘This type of training is essential for our canine teams... the travelling public was not in danger at any time,' said an embarrassed AFP chief.
“The device was not live,” the AFP said in a statement today.
“Officers temporarily evacuated the building as a safety precaution.”
The canine handler who left the plastic explosive behind is now headed for the, er, doghouse.
“The AFP takes this error seriously and the canine instructor who inadvertently left this device behind has been identified and will be the subject of a formal Professional Standards Investigation,” AFP Sydney Airport Commander Wayne Buchhorn said.
“Although the travelling public was not in danger at any time, we regularly review our processes in this area, and we will do again in the light of this incident.
“This type of training is essential for our canine teams, allowing the dogs to experience potential threats in a real environment.
“On behalf of the AFP, I would like to thank the woman, their family and New South Wales Police, especially officers at Cessnock Police Station, for their assistance in this matter.”
With the announcement that they would be dropping their bid for re-election behind him, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray is now facing calls from two of the race's remaining candidates to go farther and relinquish their office immediately.
Previously, Gender Justice League director Danni Askini had called for their resignation on the grounds that allegations that the mayor sexually abused teen boys decades ago, and the scandal around it, will distract from city business and pain survivors as long as they remain in office. The call, now echoed by mayoral candidates Mike McGinn and Cary Moon, focuses on Murray's response to the allegations—in particular, the fact that Murray pointed to their accusers' criminal histories as reason to doubt them—which they say has made them unfit to lead a city that is home to many survivors of sexual violence.
In a statement Tuesday morning reacting to the news that Murray has dropped out of the race, Moon thanked the mayor for their service, then said, “I believe it's in the best interests of everyone—especially the many survivors of sexual assault re-experiencing their own traumas—for the Mayor to step down now so that City Hall can get back to work. An aggressive legal fight, where Mayor Murray feels compelled to use all the power of their position as a public official to demean and even silence their accusers, is deeply divisive to our community and triggering for survivors of sexual assault. Whatever the outcome of the judicial process, it's not appropriate for a public official to do this while serving as the leader of our city.”
But would this really help the city? If the mayor resigns, it will create a leadership vacuum. Council President Bruce Harrell would become mayor and take control of Murray's administration, and the council would select a replacement to finish Harrell's term. In that case, both the mayor's throne and a city council seat would be filled by newcomers occupying someone else's office and staff. As we wrote in this week's editorial, “It's hard to imagine how Council President Bruce Harrell, who would take their place, would be more effective (that's not a dig on Harrell, but on the reality of any Councilmember getting shuttled to the seventh floor of City Hall for seven months of work).”
Asked by Seattle Weekly whether Murray's resignation would disrupt city business more than them finishing their term, Moon said, “I think the mayor fortunately has surrounded himself…by really great people, and I think we can count on the staff of the city to step up…and keep their eye on the ball without him.”
McGinn was more concise, thanks to the discipline of Twitter:
In order to focus on the future, for the sake of survivors & the city, I feel @mayoredmurray should resign. — Mike McGinn (@mayormcginn) May 9, 2017
They also suggested Murray donate their remaining campaign funds to a charity that supports survivors of sexual abuse.
Jeff Reading, spokesperson for Murray, responded Tuesday to both candidates: “Mayor Murray will remain mayor until the end of their term, as they said today. Mayor Murray selflessly removed themselves from the mayor's race to allow the campaign to focus on the issues that matter most to the future of this city. Mike McGinn and Cary Moon should use this moment to promote their visions for the city around affordability, equity, growth, transportation, livability and homelessness. Instead, McGinn and Moon are trying — nakedly, opportunistically, and belatedly— to extract political advantage from the allegations against the mayor. McGinn and Moon would do better to focus on how their shared, failed ‘lesser Seattle' visions will not cancel each other out in the primary rather than cling to desperate attacks against someone who is no longer a candidate in the race.”
McGinn says that another reason for Murray to step down is that there's a potential conflict of interest between a their mayoral duties and a proposed legal defense fund to help them pay for their court defense. Murray's supporters have sent a letter to the Seattle Ethics and Election Commission (SEEC) asking for an advisory opinion on whether such a fund would be ethically acceptable. The Seattle Times published the letter here.
“Ed is seeking permission to have a legal defense fund, in which donors can give unlimited amounts,” said McGinn. “I know they claim it would be anonymous, but it defies common sense to think that someone make large contributions couldn't find a way to make sure that the mayor knew about it. That's an inappropriate conflict” of interest, they said, “for Ed Murray's surrogates to be raising unlimited, anonymous donations while Ed Murray is still making important decisions that might affect those donors.”
The SEEC will meet on Tuesday to discuss whether the proposed legal fund for Murray violates ethical rules.
cjaywork@seattleweekly.com
Anonymous insiders say that director J.J. Abrams plans to focus Star Wars: Episode VII firmly on the original cast.
For the most part I have been pretty ecstatic about Star Wars: Episode VII. It's not that I haven't had doubts. The fact that it still hasn't started shooting, for instance, is something that has me fairly worried about the whole production. That said, most of the news about the movie has left me feeling increasingly more excited about the prospect of a new Star Wars.
Some recent reports on the films progress however, have left me a tad more concerned than I have been in the past. According to supposed insiders, the departure of screenwriter Michael Arndt was, in-part, a result of disagreements with director J.J. Abrams about where the focus of the film should lie. Arndt apparently wanted to concentrate more on the children of the original cast with the older characters serving in support roles. Abrams, conversely, wanted to center Episode VII in on the original trio of Luke, Han and Leia and use the movie as a send-off for the classic characters. In turn, the new characters would be placed on the sidelines and would take center stage more in VIII and IX. To this end, Abrams and screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan have apparently made some heavy revisions to Arndt's story, revamping and rewriting several characters and plot moments.
Now, this doesn't have to be bad news. In fact, many fans probably like the idea of Luke, Leia and Han getting a new adventure. That said, it's not 1983 and the original cast, put frankly, are resting more on the geriatric side of the scale these days. I guess it just strikes me as a bit odd to launch a new trilogy of Star Wars films by focusing in on characters who had their arcs soundly resolved 30 years ago. This is, of course, all conjecture and it's important to remember that we don't know who these anonymous sources are. Even so, it's hard not to worry knowing how badly Star Wars can go when it's handled the wrong way.
Source: The Hollywood Reporter
Take in a deep breath of salty ocean air and more than likely, you're also breathing in naturally occurring sea spray aerosols. But, there's much more in each of those tiny bursting “bubbles” than salt. They're also bursting with ocean life, from bacteria to phytoplankton--even viruses. Because sea spray aerosols seed clouds, they affect the climate.
With support from the National Science Foundation (NSF), atmospheric chemist Kimberly Prather of the University of California, San Diego, and chemist Vicki Grassian of the University of Iowa are leading a team of scientists around the country who are working to better understand what role sea spray aerosols play in weather and climate change.
Prather says the single largest uncertainty in climate change is what we don't know about the effect of aerosols on clouds.
Prather and Grassian co-direct NSF's Center for Aerosol Impacts on Climate and the Environment, where chemists are recreating the ocean-atmosphere environment in the lab to study how chemical changes in seawater impact the composition and cloud forming ability of sea spray aerosols. Ultimately, the goal of researchers' experiments is to provide a more accurate representation of aerosol chemistry in computer climate models.
The research in this episode was funded by NSF award #1305427, Centers for Chemical Innovation (CCI) Center for Aerosol Impacts on Climate and the Environment.
Miles O'Brien, Science Nation Correspondent
Marsha Walton, Science Nation Producer
The facts aren't on Sarah Palin's side, Comedy Central's Stephen Colbert declared Thursday night, before passing verdict on Palin's new book, Going Rogue: It's a “steaming pile of shit.”
“While I was hollowing their book out to hide my waffles, I had a chance to read almost the entire cover,” Colbert told their audience. “And I was struck by the subtitle: ‘An American Life.' And that is so fitting, because in their 413-page autobiography, just like America, nothing is ever Sarah Palin's fault.
“The shopping sprees, that was all the idea of some bad people on McCain's staff,” Colbert continued, while the words on screen read “The devil made them wear Prada.”
“And the Katie Couric interview?” Colbert asked. “Katie's entirely to blame.” (“For turning on the camera,” the screen read.)
“And it's certainly not their fault that much of the book isn't ‘accurate,'” Colbert said, making quotation marks with their fingers. “That's the fault of the Associated Press. As Palin explained on their Facebook page, ‘The AP somehow nabbed a copy of the book before it was released. We've heard 11 writers are engaged in this opposition research, er, ‘fact checking' research!'
“Where Palin's concerned, fact-checking and opposition research are the same thing. Because they know the facts are out to get them And the fact that this book is a steaming pile of shit? Also not their fault,” Colbert said to laughter and applause.
This video is from Comedy Central's The Colbert Report, broadcast Nov. 18, 2009.
JEEPERS CREEPERS II
2003/15/100m
“He can taste your fear.”
Director/Writer: Victor Salva / Cast: Ray Wise, Jonathan Breck, Nicki Aycox, Travis Schiffner, Garikayi Mutambirwa, Eric Nenninger, Marieh Delfino, Lena Cardwell, Billy Aaron Brown, Kasan Butcher, Justin Long, Luke Edwards, Al Santos, Thom Gossom Jr., Diane Delano, Tom Tarantini, Josh Hammond, Drew Tyler Bell.
Body Count: 11
Laughter Lines: “You were waving pom-poms at people this morning and now all of a sudden you're a psychic hotline?”
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
All the artwork for this film has a 2, but the film itself has a II. A II! Aggravating.
The original Jeepers Creepers dealt with the road trip from/to hell for a couple of college siblings, who encountered an organ-harvesting demon that wakes up every 23rd spring, for 23 days, to eat people. Well, the bits of them it wants.
This time, creator Victor Salva changes gear quite drastically. As we now know the beastie can fly, Jeepers Creepers II doesn't have an ace up its sleeve. A few days after the events of part one, The Creeper's final day of feasting, a school bus full of basketball jocks and their quartet of cheerleaders (you have to look for the fourth, but they are there!) is disabled along the East 9 highway.
The adults are instantly jetted away to unknown fates so The Creeper can dine out on the youthful members of the group, while they are hunted by the distraught father and brother of a young boy snatched at the very beginning of the movie in one of its more effectively spooky scenes.
Much of the ‘action' orbits around aggressive debates inside the stalled bus. The film's best scene, where The Creeper ‘selects' who from the group they want to nibble on, ushers in droning ‘high drama' about whether they should kick off the bus those who are chalked for a chewing on, thus comes racism, brotherhood, all of which goes on way too long and involves too many unlikeable characters.
After what seems like four hours, Ray Wise, their son, and dog, arrive and unleash some homemade weapons on The Creeper, which echoes Quint's fishing trip from Jaws. Things then skip over the escape attempts of a trio of teenagers who are accosted by the fiend until all parties come together and The Creeper's final day draws to an end. This allows for some of the awesome makeup work of the critter right up in your grill, and he's still pretty scary.
There's enough to like in this second outing but it pales massively when compared to the first, suffering from the absence of The Creeper's frankly petrifying truck, and overloading things with waaaay too many teenage characters, a lot of whom are indistinguishable, lack the acting chops to support the majority of the picture that rests on their shoulders, and too few of whom die. Onscreen, at least.
Whereas we had the concerned psychic in the first movie, here a teenage girl falls under convenient clairvoyance (see Laughter Lines), which is truly crowbarred in to paper over the enormous cracks left by a script without the characters having this knowledge. Though it does allow for a cameo from Justin Long, which is a plus point. The film also runs a good 15-20 minutes too long.
There's a lot of subtextual analysis of this one, which is often cited as a gay horror movie, for its villain who favours the bodies of cute teenage boys over nubile girls, although The Creepers is at least coded as a male character, so that kinda makes sense. It's good that a sexually ambiguous character is included, better still that he's not gruesomely killed off and plays their part in saving the day.
Attempts to make this into the Elm Street-style franchise it seemed to aspire to are flawed by both Salva's 23-year rule (designed to avoid such an outcome, according to him) and a general flatness. Still, the third film, set in 2024, looks like it's eventually going ahead in the next couple of years. Hopefully it will take the opportunity missed here and provide some backstory to The Creeper as well as adding it to a good scary tale.
Blurbs-of-interest: Jonathan Breck was also in The Caretaker and Mask Maker; Kasan Butcher was in Drive In; Josh Hammond was also in 7eventy 5ive and Dead Above Ground; Al Santos was in Killer Movie.
Rebecca Totaro, The Plague Epic in Early Modern England: Heroic Measures, 1603-1721 (Aldershot: Ashgate, 2012). £65.00, 348pp. ISBN. 9781-1-4094-41-17-7.
BSLS members are entitled to a 20% discount on Ashgate titles. Click here for details.
In The Wonderful Year (1603) Thomas Dekker paints a vivid and chilling tableau of the plague dead in which we are presented with a nightmarish scenario, featuring ‘an unmatchable torment'. Here we see a man ‘barred up every night in a vast, silent charnel-house … where all the pavement should instead of green rushes be strewed with blasted rosemary, withered hyacinths, fatal cypress and yew … mingled with dead men's bones'. Here we see a thousand dead bodies ‘half mouldered in rotten coffins' that fill the very air with ‘noisome stench' and ‘the eyes with the sight of nothing but crawling worms' (Defoe, Journal of the Plague Year, Norton, 237). The Wonderful Year was published in the first year of James VI and I's reign. Almost continuous visitations of plague in England ensued for the next eight years and did not fully abate until 1611, before breaking out again to devastating effect in 1625 and again in 1630, 1638, 1643, and 1657-8. Rebecca Totaro reminds us in their excellent introduction to this new anthology of plague poetry that ‘this was a rude awakening to the new century' (1). In popular perception of the plague in the seventeenth century these outbreaks often get ignored or marginalised by attention paid to the Great Plague of 1665.
The Wonderful Year is of course a prose pamphlet and has therefore no place in Totaro's anthology. Instead we see Dekker represented with 718 lines of poetry entitled News from Graves-end, first published in 1604, and co-authored with Thomas Middleton (71-89). The poem itself is divided into four sections: ‘The Cause of the Plague', ‘The Horror of the Plague', ‘The Cure of the Plague', and ‘The Necessity of a Plague'. The shift from definite to indefinite article in the final section is an interesting one, indicative perhaps of its interpretative rather than descriptive nature. This is a section concerned with apportioning blame and an attempt to rationalise the devastation that the plague brought. The belief related in these lines is that the plague itself was not only felt to be a perpetual evil, but a proto-Malthusian cure for the just as constant fear of famine: ‘Who among millions can deny / (In roughprose or smooth Poesy) / Of Evils 'tis the lighter brood - / A dearth of people than of food!' (lines 693-96). Dekker's tone here is also of a piece, in spirit at least, with A Modest Proposal (1729) where Swift makes similarly outrageous justifications in their recommendations that the Irish eat their babies to stave off famine. The causes of the plague are deemed to be political rather than biological, and the plague itself a God-given scourge inflicted on an ungrateful people.
Earlier in their poem Dekker and Middleton envisage an England found guilty of treason before the ‘Eternal King' (line 187), though the causes are social and political as well as religious. When apportioning blame for its presence in a benighted land, Dekker and Middleton are less concerned with finding a medical or scientific reason for the plague's appalling and unstoppable death toll, but instead refer the reader to the many sins of the powerful. The poem asks whether it be ‘Princes' errors / Or faults of Peers, pull down these Terrors', or the ‘Courtier's pride, lust and excess', or the ‘Churchman's painted holiness', or lawyer's ‘grinding of the poor'? (lines 197-98, 201-3). As Totaro's selections demonstrate, the plague poem is a useful platform for a state of the nation address, one that is rarely complimentary to the context in which it was written. The plagues of 1603 and 1625, for instance, frame the reign of James VI and I respectively, a fact not lost on Richard Milton who remarks in London's Misery (1625) that, ‘There's many of us do remember yet / It was so late, we can it not forget, / When first King James came here this Crown to sway, / How many by the plague were caught away, / And now the most of us persuaded be, / That such a sickness we again shall see' (lines 357-62). In an age that attributed much to providence, such evidence could seem inevitable rather than coincidental, and God's judgement on an ungodly reign.
Similar sentiments are echoed by John Davies in The Triumph of Death (1609), where providence is the architect of disaster. Describing the plague year of 1603 and its indifference to rank or social status, Davies points to the disease as the great equaliser: ‘A Deadly Murrain, [we are informed] with resistless force, / Runs through the Land and levels all with it!' (lines 61-62). Richard Milton urges their readers to prostrate themselves before a merciful God in order ‘To pay a ransom for our deeds misdone' (line 60). And in The Plague of Marseille (1720) Christopher Pitt too writes that ‘Repentance' is the only way to ‘sheathe the Sword of an angry God' (lines 281-82). Insofar as the medical profession is concerned Dekker and Middleton distinguish between those whose task it is to battle the disease and those who ‘grow up in ranks / And live by pecking Physic's crumbs' (lines 670-71). For these two playwrights the cure lies in the remedy of the soul and not the body.
A further and related context to consider here is the inevitable geographical site of plague poetry, that is to say London, a place that Davies describes as a ‘sink of Sin' and the ‘Fount' of the plague (line 316). The origins of the plague in The Triumph of Death lies in the material fabric of the city. Once the city has been consumed then the plague on goes to ravage as much of the country as possible before it runs its course, as Totaro rightfully notes in their introduction (23-26). As many commentators have written, early modern London did not lack critics. The capital is and has always been the pre-eminent administrative and cultural centre in England and the home of the monarchy and Parliament. Its ancient liberties were often the cause of bitter dispute between commoners and the monarchy. Indeed, its trained bands frustrated Charles I in their attempts to enter the city at Turnham Green in November 1642 during the course of the Civil War and formed the core of the Earl of Essex's army throughout the conflict, as Michael Braddick has recently observed in their study of the Civil War, God's Fury (2008).
The Great Plague of 1665 is represented by two poems published in 1666: William Austin's The Anatomy of the Pestilence and Thomas Clark's Meditations in my Confinement. In both of these selections the tumultuous and conflicted nature of seventeenth-century politics is everywhere apparent. This is an excellent edition in all respects. Totaro shines a valuable light on a body of verse that has been neglected and places it within a variety of contexts that are literary, medical, political, and theological, and their anthology will be a valuable resource for those in the field of literature and medicine and the medical humanities more generally.
David Walker, Northumbria University
A note to those who have lost hope
Louise Lane concludes the film Justice League by writing: “True darkness is not the absence of light, it's the conviction that the light will not return”.
Has life ever become so dark that the idea of light is merely that, an idea? Have you lost someone you loved? Has the monster of depression ever crawled up from under your bed and held you hostage? Have you ever been in love with someone that can never love you back? Has anxiety ever snuck in through your face book news feed, and spread like a virus that is impossible to block or delete? Have you ever been vulnerable with someone, only to be taken advantage of? Have you ever loved with ambition, only to be met with hatred and disappointment? Have you ever been lied to?
Have you ever lost hope?
Someone asked me the other day, “Jordon, what in your life gives you hope”? I still haven't answered them. Hope is a funny thing. Sometimes hope feels like the ex that lives in the same town and decided to start dating all your best friends. Hope was great once, but they haven't been playing their part lately. They actually just decided to up and leave, they moved out without even leaving a note. I thought I could depend on him, but hope proved me wrong.
In reality, sometimes we dig deep, we try really hard – but we still lose hope. Life gets difficult for one reason or another and just like that, hope is gone. But is it? Is hope really gone? If you had asked me a few weeks ago I think I would have said: “Fuck hope. Hope left and probably isn't coming back”. Luckily I think I was mistaken. Sometimes the fog of depression is so thick that we can't see hope even when it's right in front of us.
Maybe hope looks a little different than I remember him, but he's still there. He's peeking through my morning cup of coffee, hope was the glimmer on the smile that stranger so generously gave me, they are sprinkled throughout the stories I hear during the Holidays, hope makes guest appearances on the Ellen DeGeneres show. I might not have a surplus of hope, but hope can be borrowed; sometimes our friends have to have enough hope for the both of us. Hope says hello in a good morning text from an old friend, and they say good night through my favorite artist on Spotify. Hope doesn't leave – they exist in the most mundane things. Hope is begging to be seen, so don't ignore him. Hope is doing the best they can.
When we initially encounter hope we experience a honeymoon phase. They give us everything we want and nothing can go wrong. And we expect hope to always be that way. But life isn't that way. Life is a whirlwind of situations that doesn't slow down because hope says so. Life keeps going, and sometimes life punches you right in the gut, then stomps on your face when you're still on the ground. Life is like that manipulative high school kid, telling you lies about your best friend Hope, making you believe he's something he's not. So don't bite at the bait, don't be divided from hope.
For me personally, I felt like hope couldn't exist in the midst of deep sadness and pain. I think somewhere along the line I learned that hope equaled happiness. So depressed Jordon didn't have room in their life for hope. That's not true though. Hope isn't happiness, hope is the shot of espresso that gets you through a really long day. So if you're down, if you're sad, if you've reached your end – I encourage you to look for hope in the most mundane parts of your life. Be real, be authentic, be true about your pain and your emotional state of being – but don't lose hope.
In the midst of my depression someone told me to “Choose happiness”. Honestly, I don't really think we get to choose happiness. I don't think we get to go to Bath and Body Works, choose which scent of happy we want for the day, and then spray it on like perfume. I wish it were that easy. Rather, life is like a beautiful Southern California sunset. The air, full of pollution and smog, meets with the light and creates a red, breath taking sky; one you look upon and say, “Wow – that's beautiful”. So maybe we don't get to choose happiness. Maybe life, like the air in Hollywood, has all sorts of unwanted pollution. But when the rays of light invade the pollution of life, let's call that hope, and take solace in the fact that hope makes it beautiful again. That's what we all are anyway right? Broken and beautiful – like a Southern California sunset.
Peace and Blessings.
Jordon
Advertisements
President Trump says they knew Republican Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore would lose in Tuesday's special election — and that their prediction was correct.
“The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and their numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election,” Trump tweeted early Wednesday. “I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!”
“If last night's election proved anything,” they added, “it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.”
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and their numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017
If last night's election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017
Yet the president repeatedly supported Moore, an alleged predator of teen girls, even as other Republicans shied away. At a campaign rally less than 20 miles away from the Alabama border last weekend, Trump said that the “future of the country” depended on their victory.
Democrat Doug Jones defeated Moore on Tuesday night in a stunning victory that sent shockwaves throughout the GOP. The deep red state had not voted for a Democrat in a Senate race in 25 years. Moore is refusing to concede the race.
Trump backed Strange in the primary, and at a campaign rally in Alabama in September, the president suggested that Moore could lose.
“You've got to beat a Democrat,” Trump said. “Luther is going to win easily and Roy's going to have a hard time winning. But I will be backing them if they win [the primary]. I will be backing him, OK? I'll tell you that.”
Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore looks at election returns with staff during an election-night watch party in Montgomery, Ala., on Tuesday. (Photo: Brynn Anderson/AP) More
Both Trump and the White House initially distanced themselves from Moore after allegations from multiple women were published by the Washington Post. Ivanka Trump, Trump's daughter and White House adviser, said there is “a special place in hell for people who prey on children.”
“I've yet to see a valid explanation and I have no reason to doubt the victims' accounts,” they said.
But days before Thanksgiving, President Trump signaled their tacit support for Moore, pointing to Moore's fierce denials.
“Look, they deny it,” Trump told reporters. “He says it didn't happen, and you know, you have to listen to them also.”
By Election Day, Trump had thrown their full support behind Moore, recording a robocall and urging voters to turn out for a Republican who had vowed to support him.
President Trump talks with the reporters as first lady Melania Trump and their son Barron wait for them before departing the White House for Palm Beach, Fla., on Nov. 21. (Carlos Barria/Reuters) More
“We need somebody in that Senate seat who will vote for our ‘Make America Great' agenda,” Trump said at a rally in Pensacola, Fla., on Friday. “So get out and vote for Roy Moore. Do it, do it.”
Steve Bannon, Trump's former chief strategist, campaigned hard for Moore and disparaged Republicans who refused to back him.
“Mitch McConnell and Sen. [Richard] Shelby, and Condi Rice and all that, Little Bobby Corker, all the establishment out there doesn't have Trump's back at all,” Bannon said at a rally on Monday. “There's a special place in hell for Republicans who should know better.”
In April 2003, I was embedded with the US Army's 7th Cavalry in the western suburbs of Baghdad, sleeping on top of a Humvee. Seven years later I still wonder why we were there. So, I suspect, do many Americans.
What responsibility – what options – do generals have when they believe civilian leaders, the president, the vice president, and the secretary of Defense, are bent on a “wrongheaded” war?
I recently put that question to former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith, who served from 2001 to 2005 and was a major architect of the war in Iraq.
“If it's a debate over what's the smart and right thing to do,” they said, “the president is the elected representative of the American people. Somebody has to make policy for the country, and the country decides by democratic means [that] it's going to be the president.”
Their implication seemed clear. Americans elected George W. Bush, and the public must live with the consequences of its former president's decision. As I write this, the Associated Press is reporting that Iraqi gunman dressed as US and Iraqi Army soldiers raided Sunni Arab homes south of Baghdad and executed 24 people, including five women, then brutalized the bodies beyond recognition.
The catalog of what has gone wrong during the US occupation is thicker than the Manhattan phone book.
Despite some encouraging signs, such as parliamentary political jockeying as Baghdad lurches toward civilian government, Mr. Feith was only modestly hopeful about Iraq's progress.
“All the things which have been gigantic problems in recent years remain,” they said. “The fact that the political system is evolving is good and hopeful. But it's not inevitable. You can still have a breakdown and a lot of violence.” A friend with the US Agency for International Development privately told me that when the Americans leave Iraq there will be an “enormous score-settling between majority Shiites and minority Sunnis.”
Opponents of the war have vilified Feith, although they see themselves as “a man more sinned against than sinning.” Their book “War and Decision” seems the definitive Bush administration defense of the war to date.
In our interview, Feith portrayed a Bush administration at war with itself, with Secretary of State Colin Powell and the Central Intelligence Agency undercutting the Pentagon's civilian leadership and President Bush's policy. Unanswered is why Bush tolerated this.
Other recent books about Iraq, such as “The Fourth Star,” by Greg Jaffe and David Cloud, suggest even greater internal disarray and conflicting goals. The authors say that “President Bush wanted to transform Iraq into a model democracy for the Middle East.” Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, meanwhile, wanted to get out of Iraq as soon as possible. And the generals wanted to turn the war over to a future Iraqi Army just as quickly.
The original casus belli, Saddam Hussein's alleged weapons of mass destruction, has become the stuff of revisionist history. Feith blames the error largely on bad intelligence from the CIA, which allegedly led the president to believe that Mr. Hussein had stockpiled chemical and biological weapons and that they had a nuclear weapons program.
Feith suggests Washington was fooled because of Hussein's bluff about weapons they no longer had. The Iraqi leader feared more uprisings by Kurds and Shiites, and Feith now speculates that Hussein deliberately wanted potential insurrectionists in their own country to believe they had WMDs to use if they revolted again.
My own difficulty with that explanation is that it leaves the impression that Bush blundered into an unnecessary war because of a bluff.
Perhaps most curious is Feith's contention that the Bush administration never did anything to promote the idea that Hussein or Iraq was linked to the 9/11 terrorism in order to manipulate public opinion. “I don't believe anybody ever said Saddam Hussein was responsible for 9/11,” they said.
“Why then polls showing more than 60 percent of the American public believed Iraq was implicated?” I asked. “Who led us down that road?”
“I know I never believed it,” Feith said.
Former counterterrorism czar Richard Clarke has accused Mr. Rumsfeld and their deputy, Paul Wolfowitz, of taking advantage of the 9/11 tragedy to promote their agenda of deposing Hussein.
What emerges today is an unflattering picture of Bush's war presidency. They got WMDs wrong. They ran an embarrassingly “weak shop,” ignoring destructive bureaucratic infighting in Washington. Most astonishing, Bush's critical judgments were so badly flawed they allowed themselves to be persuaded that leaving a petty Arab tyrant like Hus sein in power actually threatened the mighty United States of America, which defeated Nazi Germany and Japan and won the cold war against the Soviet Union.
It is simply mind-boggling.
Walter Rodgers, a former senior international correspondent for CNN, writes a biweekly column.
The term Business Intelligence solution can be a deceiving one. Many software solutions that call themselves BI can actually only offer you half of what you need.
Here it's important to make the distinction between two types of business analysis and intelligence tools: end-to-end solutions and ones that are merely front-end. An end-to-end solution is made up of a platform backend, basically, the tools and algorithms that handle preparing all the data, and a front-end that creates data visualizations and dashboard reporting.
But let's start with the basics here. What is data visualization in the first place? It may seem like an easy question to answer and, in some ways, it is. Data visualization is the process of helping people understand patterns, trends, and insights by transforming data into a visual context. This can take different forms including pivot tables, pie charts, line graphs, column charts…the list goes on and on.
Here's an example:
Explore Dashboard
While we like to see our data in easy to handle visualizations, platforms that only give you these are not enough to get real insights from your company's data. With business intelligence visualization tools, as you can imagine from their name, you don't have all the initial, background stages of preparing and joining the data. This means that users need to first have data that can be fed into the software, i.e. a pre-made central database.
When it comes to enterprise needs, the difference between data analytics and visualization, are strikingly clear. It's also clear that visualizations, though important, cannot be the sole component of powerful Business Intelligence software.
Get to Know the Backstory
Dashboards are deceivingly simple and most users take for granted all the work that goes on behind the scenes to clean and link up the normally vast amounts of data that go into business reports. With lower quality data, or data that is spread out over many disparate platforms and databases, even more work must be done to create a base from which to start analyzing. At the end of the day, preparing data for analysis can take up to 80% of the time devoted to a typical project.
For the purpose of effective analysis is that you first need to have all your data in one central place so that you have a single version of the truth to work from. You also want to be able to update and change it, while still being able to use the same source. Unfortunately creating a data repository for a business today isn't so simple.
The sheer number of platforms and software tools that companies use to collect data, from Excel to Salesforce, to Google Analytics to CRM software, makes it almost impossible to manually go through and create one database. In addition, with all this disparate sources and users, misnamed, outdated, and messy data are unavoidable.
With tools that lack the built-in back-end components to automatically do the syncing and cleaning process you can be sure you'll be spending ages just trying to figure out what's going on with any report. You'll end up either having to repeat the same work every time you add new data, or even investing in other software to do it for you. A lot of the time you just won't be able to get into the really interesting insights.
Updating and Collaborating in Real Time
For an analysis tool to be truly useful to an organization it must be updated constantly to account for changes. But this can easily lead to bottlenecks forming in businesses when updates are left to be done by a single factor or department such as IT.
BI visualization tools that don't have preparation capabilities will pull their data from decentralized sources that can easily fall out of sync with a number of collaborators accessing them. Then you get a big mess of different data with unreliable dashboards and reports, because it becomes extremely hard to keep on top of who has the latest numbers. The more users you have accessing the data sources and changing or updating it, the more errors you get, and the harder it becomes to use the system.
BI software should allow for a number of people to collaborate together and change existing data sets. With an end-to-end solution, you get the benefits of working with a centralized data repository that combines data and analytics any way you need it. Any queries that are run on the server, by any user, will rely on one version of the truth and end contradicting reports.
Putting the ‘Intelligence' in Business Intelligence
Once you've got all your data in one place, analysis comes down to solving complex calculations that involve a few sets of numbers. This can be done to a limited extent by programs such as Excel. But the problem is that you have to do a lot of manual work for each calculation to take place. For deeper analysis, you have to create multi-stage formulas that perform a number of calculations simultaneously. For example, to calculate average total sales per month you need to both calculate the sum and the average of all the items you've sold.
Visualization tools focus on reporting data rather than analyzing it, and so they only use a restrictive platform that limits the number of aggregations you can input per formula. To make it work you have to summarize data before you make calculations. In other words, instead of calculating sum and average at the same time, each step would have to be done separately, saved, and then calculated together.
This cumbersome process can be avoided with an end-to-end solution as these enable users to create complex formulas that work in separate sources. The software automatically does all the necessary pre-calculations, allowing you to skip straight ahead to the information you were after.
Not Just a Pretty Face
Much like the rest of the business world, data analytics and visualization is moving beyond the screen to work with some of the hottest emerging technologies.
Take, for example, natural language processing (NLP). What if you could interact with a bot who uses NLP to give you answers to your most pressing questions in language that's easy to understand for even the most novice business users? What if the chatbot can be accessed within your favorite communication channels, like Skype or Slack? This may seem like a dream but take it from us, the future is here.
If all you're looking for is a beautiful report, then data visualization tools might work for you. But when it comes down to the nitty gritty of data analysis, they are definitely not enough. BI software that is end-to-end, and incorporates a robust back-end that can handle huge amounts of messy data is essential to most businesses these days. Just don't fall for the pretty face of tools that don't have the necessary back-end support.
The Canada Council for the Arts' collection of string instruments includes the 1841 Charles François Gand cello, valued at $180,000 and currently on loan to Thomas Chartré.
Gand was apprenticed to Nicolas Lupot, the most skilled French luthier of their time. (He was known as the French Stradivari.) The Gand cello Chartré plays is characterized by an extremely strong and clear voice and has the warmth of an older instrument.
Below, Chartré demonstrates with the Praeludium from Max Reger's Suite for Cello No. 2 in D minor, Op. 131/c, recorded recently at CBC Montreal's Studio 12.
One of CBC Music's 30 hot Canadian classical musicians under 30, Chartré completed their master's degree at the Paris Conservatory earlier this year. He's continuing their studies with Roland Pidoux at the École normale de musique Alfred Cortot, and with Michel Strauss at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague.
He's got a number of concerts planned in Paris and Montreal in the coming months, including a recital at Tanna Schulich Hall on Nov. 25 as part of the OSM Manulife Competition, a January 2017 concert of music from the Belle Époque at the Musée national Jean-Jacques Henner in Paris with Trio Zadkine, and an April 2017 performance of Rachmaninoff's Trio Élégiaque No. 2 at the Chapelle historique du Bon Pasteur in Montreal.
One of their projects this year is to record an album on the label of the École normale de musique Alfred Cortot.
Explore more:
Watch Yolana Bruno play Bach on their 1700 Taft Stradivari violin
Watch Timothy Steeves play the Allegro from Bach's Violin Sonata No. 2
Watch Jonathan Chan play their 1715 Dominicus Montagnana violin
Watch Timothy Chooi play Paganini Caprice No. 24 on their $5.5 million Strad
Watch violinist Nuné Melik play Apricot Tree by Komitas
Watch violinist Byungchan Lee play Kreisler's Recitativo and Scherzo
Watch cellist Noémi Raymond-Friset play a Caprice by Alfredo Piatti
Federal officials are trying to understand what is behind a sharp rise in the stranding and deaths of threatened fur seals, with dozens washing up along the California coast this year.
Designating it an Unusual Mortality Event, NOAA Fisheries said that as many as 80 Guadalupe fur seals have appeared on shore, about half of them dead and the other half starving. That is eight times more than normal. The "unusual mortality" designation allows for additional funding and international scientists to be directed to examine the problem.
"We are significantly higher than what we would normally expect here in California," said Justin Viezbicke, the NOAA Fisheries Stranding Coordinator for the West Coast region, of the strandings that averaged under 10 a year from 2009 to 2014 and about 12 animals per year over the past three decades.
Many of the fur seals, which breed almost entirely on Guadalupe Island off the coast of Baja California, Mexico, have been turning up emaciated but scientists can't say exactly why. Hunting brought the species to near extinction in the late 1800s, but it is slowly recovering. The species current population is estimated at more than 10,000 animals.
Baby sea lions stranded on California beaches
One theory for the strandings is that waters in the Pacific Ocean off of California have warmed over the past two years, pushing the fish they feed upon further north.
"The conditions in the Pacific Ocean have been anomalous for almost two years now," Toby Garfield, director environmental research division at the NOAA Southwest Fisheries Science Center, said, referring to a warm patch of water known as the blob that formed in the Gulf of Alaska and a high pressure ridge that has kept winter storms further north towards Washington and Canada.
"The result of that is we have seen some real species changes, especially with a lot of the forage fish that fur seals and sea lions would be feasting on if you will," Garfield said.
Garfield said they expected the warming conditions would persist for a few more months.
Complicating the picture is the arrival of one of the strongest El Ninos on record later this year, which is expected to bring frequent and intense storms to California, along with an increase in tropical cyclones in the Pacific and heavy rainfall and snowfall.
The surge in fur seals deaths follows several months in which more than 1,000 starving sea lions were turning up along the California coast.
While both species were found emaciated, NOAA officials said they couldn't say for sure where they are being impacted by the same conditions.
"They are in the ocean and sharing the same space so there is always that possibility that they are connected," Viezbicke said. "But because they are such different species and they do have different ranges and some different foraging that we noted, there is enough difference to separate them. But being in the same type of conditions, that potentially is playing into this for both of them absolutely."
Hearthstone Preview: Paladin Spells and Abilities
by Zenstyle - 6 years ago
Ahh, Paladins. They're like warriors, but a lot cooler. They bring the Light, heal their allies and protect the virtuous. The designers behind Hearthstone have done a great job representing the melee class with a number of spells and minions that reflect their tenacity, curative powers and massive, stunning hammers. Today we'll look over the slew of spells available to the Paladins, championed by none other than Uther the Lightbringer.
Reinforce
In the last few weeks, we've had the pleasure of looking over hero powers that deal direct damage. Paladins function differently. For two energy, Uther can use the Reinforce ability to summon a 1/1 Silver Hand Recruit. While it might not seem all that strong on paper, there are methods to properly make use of this ability. What's more, in a game that centers so heavily around board control, the ability to create minions can be somewhat irritating to deal with.
Secrets
The Paladin deck features, at present, four available secret spells, activated upon meeting certain conditions. All of them cost one energy, making them easy to use. That said, because they're all one energy, don't expect the world from them. They definitely all fit into the Paladin theme, but I'm not sold that most of them should be run.
Eye for an Eye could be interesting, depending on what turn you drop it on. The problem is that, using it early means it will probably not return all that much damage. Moreover, clever individuals will likely attack with a smaller minion first in order to ensure that this secret does not do them much harm. I'd pass on Eye for an Eye.
I don't mind Noble Sacrifice for one energy. It summons a 2/1 minion to take a hit at what could be an inconvenient time for your opponent. Yes, that minion will most likely die, but it could either destroy an opposing minion, or save you or another, more important minion from dying.
Redemption‘s iffy. It depends on what minion dies first when this secret is activated. Even then, since it won't activate battlecry abilities, unless your minion has a particularly savage deathrattle, you probably won't accomplish much here. Divine Shield could make it interesting for sure, but I'm not sold on this card just yet.
There's definitely a case to be made about playing Repentance, especially later on in the game when you expect someone drop their ‘win the game' minion. Early on, it'll probably just take a one or two toughness and .. bring it to one toughness. I like this card though, and definitely think it has potential. Paladin features a lot of cards that will need to be used at the right time to be effective, and these secrets are no exception.
Healing and Buff Spells
It wouldn't be a Paladin deck without the ability to cast the standard Paladin raid buffs. Blessing of Wisdom, Blessing of Kings and Blessing of Might are all available, and all three are really good for their respective energy costs. Sadly, it's not practical to run all of them because you need other spells and minions. My pick would be Blessing of Wisdom on something reasonably tough. Have it constantly swinging and benefit from the card generation. That said, either of the other two would also be reasonable.
Divine Favor can either be really good, really bad, or okay, depending on the size of your opponent's hand. It's worth running because card draw's such an important factor, but there's always the chance you get shoehorned by some jerk who has no hand.
Blessed Champion is a good card, but I'm not sold on how expensive it is. The five energy cost feels somewhat arbitrary, unless the Hearthstone dev team feels that a player should not be able to combo a large creature and a substantial boost to its attack power. Uther's quite capable of buffing their allies to be crazy strong, and if you want to make that a deck strategy, this is a good pickup.
Nothing all that crazy about Holy Light . Two energy for six health is very nice, and more importantly, a legit option in the early game if you find yourself being run over by an aggressive deck. Great in the late game too, if it gets to the fatigue stage. With the Paladin deck, there's a legitimate chance of that, but we'll discuss that more on Thursday.
If Holy Light‘s not quite enough, Lay on Hands is like it's way better sibling. While the energy cost is nowhere near as friendly at eight energy, this spell awards Uther eight health and three cards, and that right there is a game changer. Where this card shines is that part of the game where both players are just kind of topdecking, praying for some kind of game winning card.
Offensive Spells
The hurt comes in a number of different forms for the Paladin. While it lacks a straight up ‘GET OUT OF HERE, YOU'RE DEAD' card, it has some compelling options that will leave your foes ripe for the slaying.
Humility won't harm your opponent when it comes to their health, but it will destroy their ability to mount much of an offensive. If you run it, and you should, you'll have to make some tough calls on when to make use of it. If there's a lot of pressure early in the game and you have to use it, that's fine, but if you know your opponent runs something bigger in the end game and you can avoid using it, consider holding on to it in order to shut a real threat down.
Unlike Humility, Equality will mess up minion health, yours and your foes. The two energy spell sets the health of all minions on the board to one, and seems destined to be followed up by the four energy spell, Consecration. It deals two damage to all enemy minions, effectively clearing the board. That's a six energy combo, and can really be problematic if you've got a lot on the board, but that's the price the Paladin pays in order to wrestle board control from an opponent.
Hammer of Wrath is core and free to obtain. Four energy, three damage and a drawn card. It's one of the few, reliable sources of direct damage the Paladin has access to, and we've discussed in prior previews how valuable that is.
Holy Wrath is a lot less certain. Drawing anything less than a three energy card makes this spell feel a bit inefficient at five energy. All the same, if you build a deck that has a lot of expensive cards, you can feel fairly confident that Holy Wrath will so a productive amount of damage. The flip side is that, according to the card, the damage can be awarded to any target and you get a card out of it.
Avenging Wrath is another gamble of a card. Yes, all damage to your enemy is good damage, but if you're looking to get rid of a specific minion, expect some erratic results from this eight energy spell. If this was in a deck with more direct damage options that did not feature Holy Wrath, I don't think I'd run it simply because of how expensive and unpredictable it is. However, because it's the Paladin deck, I feel like it's worth having around. The other thing that's intriguing about this card is its ability to ping Divine Protection off of minions. Is that always useful? No, probably not, but it's a cool benefit if you're going against certain decks.
Uther's got a lot of tools at their disposal. Are their allies up to the task of sweeping evil from the land? Find out on Thursday!
Miss some of BlizzPro's earlier previews? Take a look at those and other Hearthstone articles here. Have a question about Hearthstone or just want to talk deck ideas? Drop me a line at @RobertAWing on Twitter, or at ZenStyle@BlizzPro.com.
This article is about the fun Devil's Due comic with the Transformers as Cobra vehicles. For other stories with G.I. Joe, see G.I. Joe crossovers.
A pensive Prime
G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers was the first G.I. Joe/Transformers crossover published by Devil's Due Press (in conjunction with Image Comics), interestingly while the Transformers comic license was with Dreamwave Productions at the time. It established a new crossover continuity.
Overview
G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers opens with Cobra finding the buried Ark and the inert Transformers within. Cobra reformats the Transformers—Autobot and Decepticon—into traditional Cobra war machines and forces them to do Cobra Commander's bidding. When the Transformers break free of Cobra's control, all hell breaks loose...
Several major Transformers and G.I. Joes die in the course of the story, a facet of the storyline's tendency to play fast and loose with its source material. Pulp hero moments such as Optimus Prime's revival also began to establish the series' reputation as a fun and occasionally silly collection of stories.
The series spawned three sequels (as of 2007), though the concept of the Transformers with Cobra vehicle modes was dropped after the first one.
Creative team
G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers was written by Josh Blaylock with pencils by Mike S. Miller.
Collections
As reported by Interfax.ru, Boris Zelinsky, the Chairman of the Board of the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol regional branch of the Russian Tourism Industry Association, has stated that in 2017, Crimean tourism has fallen by 20%. This is a significantly greater decline than stated in the official figures of 6-7%. Zelinsky stated:
The government considers the flow of traffic, rather than tourism [when calculating its figures]. We believe, that this year, the tourism flow to Crimea has declined by 20%, at a minimum.
According to Zelinsky, there are four principal reasons that Crimean tourism has experienced this decline:
• The improvement of relations between Russia and Turkey, which has made it possible for Russian tourists to travel to Turkey again. (Ed: In November of 2015, Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet which had violated Turkish airspace, resulting in strained relations between the two countries, including Russian sanctions against Turkey.)
• The strengthening of the ruble, relative to other currencies, which has made it easier for Russians to travel to other destinations, such as the EU.
• The month of May was anomalously cold in Crimea, in 2017.
• The cost of plane tickets to Crimea is expensive.
Indeed, Zelinsky's assessments can easily be anecdotally confirmed: Russian social networks are rife with complaints about prices and service in Crimea, as well as the alleged unfriendliness or hostility of the local population. Many Russians tourists who have the means, prefer more exotic destinations, such as Turkey or Egypt, or European Union destinations such as Greece and Spain.
Zelinsky also notes that the official tourism sector in Crimea is losing business to unofficial tourist accommodations (Ed: in Crimea, many people earn extra income by renting out rooms or beds to tourists – this is acknowledged by Russia as part of Crimea's “shadow economy”).
Interfax states that in 2016, according to the Crimean Ministry of Resorts and Tourism, Crimea was visited by 5.6 million tourists, a 21% improvement over the previous year. Russia projects that after the completion of the Kerch Strait Bridge in 2019, Crimea will receive up to 10 million tourists annually; until then, a figure in the range of 5 to 6 million tourists per year is expected.
The Kerch Strait Bridge is an illegal construction, which has hindered maritime travel through the Black Sea and Sea of Azov, and consequently, has interfered with transport from Ukraine's port cities of Mariupol and Berdiansk, damaging Ukraine's steel industry. The bridge violates, among other agreements and laws, a 2003 Agreement between Ukraine and Russia, on the use of the Sea of Azov (legal construction of the bridge would require Ukraine's consent; since Ukraine cannot recognize Russia's illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula, Ukraine is extremely unlikely to provide such consent). Ukraine intends to sue Russia for this violation.
Advertisements
The push for a cure might seem even less urgent now that antiviral drugs have turned H.I.V. infection from a near-certain death sentence to a chronic disease for many people.
But the drugs are not available to everyone, and they do not eliminate the infection. Even if undetectable in the blood, the human immunodeficiency virus lurks quietly in the body. If a patient stops taking the drugs, the virus almost always comes roaring back.
So people with H.I.V. now must take drugs every day for life, which some researchers say is not a sustainable solution for tens of millions of infected people.
“I don't think the world has the resources to deliver these drugs to everyone who needs them for decades,” said Dr. Steven Deeks, professor of medicine at the University of California, San Francisco.
A cure may be the only realistic solution. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which says a cure is one of its top priorities, this year awarded grants that could total $70 million over five years to three research teams in pursuit of that goal. More grants are coming.
California's stem-cell agency has committed a total of $38 million to three projects intended to find a cure. Companies like Merck, Gilead Sciences, Sangamo BioSciences and Calimmune have begun research.
It will be years before there is a cure, if there ever is, though some scientists are more optimistic than others.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think we are much closer to a cure than we are to a vaccine,” said Rafick-Pierre Sékaly, scientific director of the Vaccine and Gene Therapy Institute of Florida.
There are two main approaches. One is a so-called sterilizing cure — the eradication of H.I.V. from the body. The other, a functional cure, would not eliminate the virus but would allow a person to remain healthy without antiviral drugs.
Hope for a cure was raised in part by the experience of the Berlin patient, an American named Timothy Brown who had both H.I.V. and leukemia.
In 2007 and 2008, while living in Berlin, Mr. Brown received two bone-marrow transplants to treat their leukemia. The donor was among the 1 percent of Northern Europeans naturally resistant to H.I.V. infection because they lack CCR5, a protein on the surface of immune cells that the virus uses as an entry portal.
With their own immune system replaced by one resistant to infection, Mr. Brown, 45, who now lives in San Francisco, has apparently been free of the virus for about four years. But bone marrow transplants are grueling, risky and expensive. Moreover, it is hard enough to find an immunologically matching donor, let alone one with mutations in both copies of the CCR5 gene.
So scientists are trying to modify a patient's own immune cells to make them resistant to infection by eliminating CCR5.
This is what was done with the Trenton patient. Some of the man's white blood cells were removed from their body and treated with a gene therapy developed by Sangamo BioSciences. The therapy induced the cells to produce proteins called zinc-finger nucleases that can disrupt the CCR5 gene.
The treated cells were then infused back into the man's body. One month later, as part of the experiment, the man stopped taking their antiviral drugs for 12 weeks.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As expected, the amount of H.I.V. in their blood shot up. But then it fell back to an undetectable level just before the end of the 12-week period. The patient's immune cell counts also shot up.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I felt like Superman,” they said in an interview, though this could have been partly because they stopped taking the antiviral drugs that had caused fatigue.
The man spoke on the condition of anonymity because they have not told many friends and relatives that they have H.I.V.
Dr. Pablo Tebas, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania who treated the man, said, “It is only one individual, but it is a remarkable result.” Some outside experts were cautious. “At 12 weeks, you can't say that this therapy works and the patient is controlling it by himself,” said Dr. Jeffrey Laurence, director of the AIDS research laboratory at Weill Cornell Medical College.
Nevertheless, they called the results “amazing.”
The gene therapy did not work so well for five other patients, according to results presented in September at the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.
Researchers hypothesize that the Trenton patient did better because they had an inherited mutation in one of their two CCR5 genes, making the job easier for the gene therapy. Up to 13.5 percent of their CD4 cells, the main immune cells infected by H.I.V., were missing both copies of the CCR5 gene after the treatment. That is about twice as much as observed in the other patients.
Still, a vast majority of their CD4 cells were not genetically altered and remained susceptible to infection, making it puzzling that the therapy worked at all.
Some scientists said this suggested that freeing as little as 10 percent of CD4 cells from infection might somehow allow the immune system to control the virus. Researchers are contemplating how to increase the percentage of CCR5-deficient cells in patients who lack the Trenton man's genetic mutation.
A team from the City of Hope and the University of Southern California, and another team from Calimmune and the University of California, Los Angeles, are working on disabling the CCR5 genes in blood stem cells. That would potentially make the entire immune system permanently resistant to infection, though patients would require a stem cell transplant.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Detractors say a functional cure would not offer much beyond existing drug therapy.
“Any approach that is going to require genetic engineering on a patient-by-patient basis is just utterly unrealistic in terms of the global epidemic,” said Dr. Robert Siliciano, professor of medicine at Johns Hopkins.
Dr. David Margolis, of the University of North Carolina, said, “Some sort of gene therapy like that, that suppresses viral load to some extent for some period of time, is not a lot different from taking one pill once a day.”
Dr. Siliciano and Dr. Margolis are trying to eradicate the virus from the body.
H.I.V. can lie dormant for years. One refuge is the resting memory T-cells, which are the long-lived cells that “remember” exposure to a pathogen and help mount an immune response if the same germ invades the body years later.
The hope is that a drug can activate the latent virus and flush it out of its hiding places. One candidate, now being tested in a small clinical trial, is vorinostat, sold by Merck under the name Zolinza to treat a rare cancer.
Vorinostat reverses a mechanism that cells use to silence genes. H.I.V. is believed to take advantage of this mechanism to become dormant.
Another candidate, now being tested in primates, is an antibody developed by Merck to block a protein called PD-1.
But the sterilizing cure would also be challenging. “The virus is in the brain, it's in the heart, it's in the kidney, it's in lots of different tissues,” said Dr. Jay Levy, a virologist at the University of California, San Francisco.
Vorinostat might activate not only the virus, but also genes that are supposed to remain silenced, causing side effects. Activating too many resting memory T-cells could lead to a dangerous immune system overreaction.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And once the cells and viruses are awakened, they would have to be killed, not just allowed to run amok.
Any attempt at a cure must be very safe, because most patients already do well on antiviral drugs, said Mark Harrington, executive director of the Treatment Action Group, an AIDS research policy organization.
Still, Mr. Brown, the Berlin patient, is now giving speeches urging work on a cure. And the Trenton patient, who is back on antiviral drugs, said they want to be treated again.
“I feel like Oliver Twist in the orphanage,” they said, “going up with the empty bowl in their hand saying, ‘Please, may I have more, sir?' ”
Cornel Hrisca-Munn calls themselves a "disabled drummer who is giving youtube a go." Fair enough. But the modest self-description doesn't come close to capturing what it's like to watch Hrisca-Munn's cover of "Everlong" by the Foo Fighters.
Romanian-born Hrisca-Munn, a graduate of Oxford University and an aspiring lawyer according to their Twitter feed, was born missing portions of their arms and a deformity of their right leg. According to a 2010 feature from the Telegraph, the doctor who delivered Hrisca-Munn was so sure the child would die, no birth certificate was issued.
Fast-forward more than two decades and the young man, who was adopted by an English family, is thriving and proving themselves to be many things, not the least of which is a seriously talented drummer.
As a boy, they were outfitted with an artifical arm. However, the then 3-year-old found the arm "too heavy and cumbersome," according to the biography posted on the website for the charity they founded that raises money for disabled people in Romania. Rather then mess with the artifical limb, they decided to go without it.
At the age of 14, Hrisca-Munn was runner-up in a national drumming competition, beating about 400 others, according to the Telegraphs' profile.
Now in their early 20s, he's kept on playing. In addition to the drums, he's also videoed themselves strumming the bass. Check out all their tunes here.
One comment from a YouTube fan that sums up the reaction of many: "To anyone that has given up learning a new skill because "it's too hard": I'd just like to remind you that your excuses are invalid."
ATHENS, OHIO — Former President Bill Clinton began their Ohio bus tour but almost immediately attacked Bernie Sanders, former rival of their wife, who is now campaigning on their behalf.
After Clinton took the stage, a protester shouted, “Mic check!” and began denouncing the former president for toughening prison sentences for drug offenders.
While a couple students shouted support for Hillary Clinton in response, their husband snapped into defense mode.
“Hillary didn't vote for the '94 crime bills, even though Sen. Sanders did,” Clinton said. “And neither one of them were trying to send millions of your people to prison.”
They appeared annoyed by all the anger Trump supporters expressed and liberals unhappy with their record as president.
“This is a time of resentment, right?” they asked. “Everybody!”
Clinton cited a massive decrease in crime as the result of crime legislation they signed as president, defending their efforts that black activists have decried as unfairly targeting their communities.
“It's okay to hold people accountable for their record, but you need to paint the whole picture,” Clinton said.
Outside the rally, one woman named Jasmine protested Clinton's appearance.
They held a sign that read, “Black children aren't super-predators,” telling Breitbart News in an interview that they did not trust Hillary Clinton to address the concerns raised by Black Lives Matter protesters.
Indian cyclists put up a commendable show on the opening day of the Track Asia Cup 2016, bagging 6 medals, including three gold, two silver and one bronze in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Deborah Herold did not disappoint their team and took home two gold medals on day one at the Indira Gandhi Sports Complex Velodrome.
In the women elite, 500m Deborah won the gold, clocking 35.964s. Mohd. Adnan Farina Shawati of Malaysia and Yin Yin from Hong Kong bagged the silver and bronze medals respectively.
In the team sprint women elite event, the Indian team comprising Deborah Herold and Kezia Vargheese beat the team from Kazakhstan to bag the gold medal with a timing of 35.962s.
A bronze medal was awarded to Rajkumari Devi, due to walkover at the women elite pursuit 3kms event.
Talking about their achievement Deborah Herold said, "I was suffering from back pain for the last 10 days but this has been an excellent start for me. I am hoping on to keep the medal tally rising. My personal aim at the moment would be to improve my timing with every event."
In the men elite team sprint event, the team from Iran bagged the gold medal with a time of 46.330s while Malaysia and Kazakhstan bagged the silver and bronze medals respectively with timing of 47.999s and 47.641s.
India's junior team lived up to the expectation of their coach R K Sharma, who had claimed a day before the event that the colts are expected to add on medals to the Indian tally.
Indian colt bagged a silver medal sin the team sprint event beating Kazakhstan with a timing of 49.299s.
The junior women team also bagged a gold in the team sprint event.
Another star for India was Alena Reji, who was taking part in their first international event as they won a silver beating Jantuganova Olga from Uzbekistan. Anis Amira from Malaysia won the gold medal in this event with a timing of 38.443s.
At the end of the first day of the championship, India and Malaysia share the top spot with three gold, two silver, one bronze medals each. Hong Kong, with three gold and two bronze, stand second in the tally followed by Iran with one gold.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ms Park is South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be forced from office
South Korean prosecutors have applied for an arrest warrant for former president Park Geun-hye, for their role in a corruption scandal.
Earlier this month, they lost their presidential immunity and was dismissed from their post when the constitutional court upheld a decision by parliament to impeach them
Ms Park is accused of allowing their close friend Choi Soon-sil to allegedly extort money from big firms.
Ms Park has denied the allegations.
The former president apologised to the public last week, before being questioned by authorities for 14 hours.
"The case is very grave as the suspect has demonstrated acts of abuse of power by making companies give money and infringing on the freedom of corporate management by using powerful position and authority as president," prosecutors said in a statement on Monday.
The prosecutors argue that evidence like computer hard drives might be destroyed if Ms Park is not arrested.
Ms Choi has been charged with bribery and corruption and is already on trial.
Why did Park lose their job?
At the heart of the drama lies the close friendship between Ms Park and Ms Choi.
Ms Choi is accused of using their presidential connections to pressure companies to give millions of dollars in donations to non-profit foundations they controlled.
The acting head of electronics conglomerate Samsung, Lee Jae-yong, was arrested for their role in the scandal.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ms Choi (centre) has been accused of bribery and corruption
Ms Park, 65, is alleged to have been personally involved in this, and to have given Ms Choi unacceptable levels of access to official documents.
Parliament voted to impeach Ms Park in December.
On 10 March, the constitutional court ruled that Ms Park's actions "seriously impaired the spirit of... democracy and the rule of law".
Judges said they had broken the law by allowing Ms Choi to meddle in state affairs, and had breached guidelines on official secrets by leaking numerous documents.
Ms Park had "concealed completely Choi's meddling in state affairs and denied it whenever suspicions over the act emerged and even criticised those who raised the suspicions," the ruling said.
What happens now?
The Seoul Central District Court will now determine whether there are grounds to issue the arrest warrant for Ms Park.
If it is issued, prosecutors will have up to 20 days to continue investigations and file charges against her, reports Reuters news agency.
As president they had enjoyed immunity and repeatedly refused to take part in questioning.
But now they could face several charges, including abuse of power, coercion, bribery and leaking government secrets.
There comes a time in every athlete's career when they meet the challenge that they can't overcome — it's been their fate since the time they picked up their sport when they were little. For John Stockton and Karl Malone, it was the NBA finals. For the likes of Grant Hill and Penny Hardaway, it's injuries. But perhaps none of these are as frustrating as the “bust,” those high-profile stars who couldn't adjust their game to the professional level in their sport.
New San Antonio Spurs acquisition Jimmer Fredette is trying to break this wall.
Jimmer's lack of production can't necessarily be considered a complete surprise. The skills they showed off at Brigham Young University were impressive, but their lack of NBA level physical attributes was well documented as they rose to basketball celebrity status.
Still, their 28 points per game their senior year earned them the Sacramento Kings‘ trust, and they selected them with the tenth pick of the 2011 draft. Their rookie campaign was underwhelming as they shot just 38 percent from the field and averaged 7 points per game, reaffirming suspicions that their skills wouldn't translate to NBA success.
Things did go up from there, at least for a little while. They shot 48 percent from the 3-point line in 2013-14 and put up a PER of 15.8. But the rest has been a disaster for the former BYU standout, as they shot just 29 percent last season for the New Orlean Pelicans.
Now Jimmer has been given the opportunity to play for one of the best franchises in American professional sports — the Spurs. They were acquired in a deal that the front office must have seen as a low-risk, high-reward option. For a young player with high hopes and little to show for it so far, it could be a make-or-break season.
For the Spurs, on the other hand, he's just another role player getting the same opportunity everyone else does.
Decision time is nearing for the Nashville Predators with June quickly approaching. While the end of the NHL season is coming to a close within the next couple of weeks, teams still have lots of decisions to make when it comes to the draft, qualifying restricted free agents and signing free agents by July 1st.
Currently, Nashville only has five forwards from last season's squad under contract. This means that General Manager David Poile has a lot of work to do and decisions to make in the next month. The core of the blue line is set with six defensemen under contract through next season, although there has been talk of bringing Anton Volchenkov back.
All of this being said, the Nashville Predators have needs to fill this offseason. While these are not bold predictions, here are a few thoughts on what could or should happen in the next couple of months.
1. Mike Fisher and Mike Ribeiro both re-sign
During the end of the year media availability, David Poile and each player expressed high interest in re-signing in Nashville. For the 2015-16 season, the Predators currently have $28.6 million in cap space according to General Fanager. Even with multiple players left to sign, there is plenty of flexibility in getting deals done for both players.
Previously, Mike Fisher was under a two-year contract worth $4.2 million per year. Can the Predators match this? Most likely, but they probably won't need to. All signs should point to Fisher taking a hometown discount in their next contract. They and their wife recently celebrated the birth of their son in Nashville, and their career is beginning to wind down. In coming back from injury this past season, Fisher also proved that they still have plenty of gas left in him, ranking seventh on the team in scoring with 39 points (19G-20A). Expect a one or two year deal worth around $3.5 million.
Mike Ribeiro was able to start fresh in Nashville last season as they sought out Poile with interest in signing with the Predators. Last season, Ribeiro made $1.05 million and is still being paid by Arizona in their buyout. With being second in scoring on the team at 62 points (15G-47A), the gifted playmaker is certainly due a pay raise based on their performance. Ribeiro flourished in new surroundings, and being out of the media spotlight surely helped their family life as well. The 35 year old center proved they still have what it takes to play at a high level, so expect a two year deal worth between $3 and $4 million.
2. A goalie and a prospect/pick are traded to move up in the draft
Earlier in the month, the Nashville Predators, along with the Milwaukee Admirals, made two signings that may have shed some light on the future of goalies in the system. On May 6th, the Predators signed Marek Mazanec to a one-year, two-way contract. Then, on May 7th, the Milwaukee Admirals signed Brandon Whitney to a two-year contract. This brings into question of what will happen with Magnus Hellberg, who is set to become a restricted free agent. There's also the question of whether prospect Juuse Saros will make the jump to North America or not. Whitney could also be set to play in Cincinnati, too. Either way, there is a logjam of goaltenders now in the system for Nashville.
All of that being said, with Nashville's first round pick now belonging to Toronto due to the trade for Cody Franson and Mike Santorelli, the Predators aren't set to have their first pick in the draft until the late in the second round. With this year's draft being considered a generational draft, the first two rounds will be loaded with high potential players.
When asked about acquiring another pick in the draft, Poile is feeling pressure from the scouts to find a way to move up.
“[The scouts], of course, are a little disappointed that we don't have our first round pick so they're putting pressure on to see if I can get that at the draft,” said Poile. “Maybe we can come up with an extra pick along the way…”
That being said, there is some wiggle room for the organization in regards to goalies. They could package a player such as Hellberg, their current second round pick and a lower end prospect to move up in the second round. This would give them a player that, in most draft years, would easily be a first round pick. Poile also mentioned that the prospect rankings for the Predators most likely differ from many other teams in that the player they may have ranked 20th could be available in the second round.
It's unlikely that Nashville makes another major draft day trade like last year, but it's very likely they make a move to either move up in the draft or acquire more picks.
3. A high pick is used to draft a defenseman
In the past, it almost became habit for the Predators to always draft defensemen with their high picks. Now, the defensive corps is solid and under contract for multiple years. Lately, Nashville has been able to stock up on offensive potential with the likes of Kevin Fiala, Viktor Arvidsson, Colton Sissons, Pontus Aberg and more. There is finally some depth on scoring potential in the organization. So what's missing?
Even though the blueline is set for multiple years, the depth really drops off after the fifth defenseman. Milwaukee has some solid defenders, but are any of them ready to make the jump to a full time NHL role in the next year? That is unlikely. Anthony Bitteto spent seven games with Nashville last season and could be a decent sixth or seventh defenseman. There is potential with Jonathan Diaby and Garrett Noonan, but both spent time up and down between Milwaukee and Cincinnati last season. They're both a few years away.
At most, the defensemen currently in Milwaukee could fill the six or seven spot on defense, but for the organization to stay strong for many years down the road, it's time to replenish on defense with a good prospect that is two to three years away. With this year's draft, NHL's Central Scouting has multiple defensemen ranked for early to midway through the second round. Not only would drafting a defenseman in the second round be worth it for the future, but it could also create future trade opportunities when the team makes another run for the Cup.
One defenseman that stands out is Mitchell Vande Sompel of the Oshawa Generals, who are set to play in the Memorial Cup championship game on Sunday. Vande Sompel is currently ranked 34th in NHL's Central Scouting, and in seeing the 5'10” defenseman back in the fall, their vision in play making is remarkable. In 58 regular season games this season for the Generals, Vande Sompel tallied 63 points (12G-51A) from the blue line. It's not likely that he'd be available later in the second round, so the Predators could move up to take him.
If Nashville were to not move up, another good defenseman from the OHL is Travis Dermott of the Erie Otters. Central Scouting has them ranked 46th and is a solid, two-way defenseman that still put up 45 points (8G-37A) in 61 games for a stacked Otters team.
4. One of Taylor Beck or Gabriel Bourque will not return
When a team has talent waiting in the wings like the Predators do, some decision will need to be made in regards to restricted free agents up for contracts. Out of the bottom six forwards, one of Taylor Beck and Gabriel Bourque will most likely not return. It's not a money issue, it's about opportunity. Nashville already added another forward to the mix in the signing of Steve Moses, who will also compete for a role with the big club.
One player that could fill a void, and deserves an opportunity, is Miikka Salomaki. Registering a goal in their only NHL game last season, Salomaki is ready for the big leagues. Sidelined by injury for the second half of last season, they still put up 19 points (7G-12A) in 38 games for the Milwaukee Admirals. Salomaki is a bruising forward that plays with high energy and is built like a tank. They could be a great contributor in the bottom six as well as contribute offensively.
So there you have it. They could be way off base or exactly what you're thinking. There are obviously other needs and re-signings for the team as they continue to build under head coach Peter Laviolette. So what are your thoughts? Let us know in the comments below.
Header photo courtesy of Christina McCullough.
With Riot Games' League of Legends League Championship Series Season Three in full swing, Team Curse is currently ranked first place in North America with a 12-2 record (as of March 18, 2013). During the first three weeks after the start of the season, Team Curse came out swinging and went 7-0, undefeated in the season.
That success has attracted a new sponsor in custom PC maker Alienware, which is owned by Dell. The team was previously supported by Origin PC. Team Curse is currently sponsored by Teamspeak, CM Storm by Cooler Master, Grubhub and Full Sail University.
“Team Curse will be integrating Alienware into everything we do – video and streaming activities, casual gaming, scrimming, and practicing,” said Steven Arhancet, director of eSports at Curse Inc. “We will be working closely with Alienware to deliver experiences that relate to the prestigious brand they have worked so hard to develop. This will also closely parallel the lifestyle we have chosen at the Curse Mansion in Las Vegas.”
Moving forward, Team Curse will now exclusively use Alienware PCs, in addition the team will be wearing Alienware's logo on their jerseys for all tournaments, as well as displaying it on their team Website and livestreams on Twitch.tv. The introduction of streaming technology has made it possible for computer users world-wide to be a few clicks away from watching their favorite on-demand content. Because of this, gamers can now also tune in online to their favorite game or player and watch or chat with the streamer.
“Team Curse has some of the biggest streamers in the world,” said Arhancet. “Voyboy holds the record for the third most popular stream on Twitch.tv, only followed by Riot Games and NESL.TV. For anyone who doubts the broad reach of streaming – our players on an average month will generate 13,000,000 Views on their streams. In 2012 our players logged over 3,621 hours and just last month in February of 2013 we had a staggering 4 million total unique views to our players streams. Alienware will have their logo featured during our streams, which is able to reach a massive target audience. In Q3 and Q4 we plan on doing more interactive shows and produced events featuring Alienware for our audience to enjoy.”
"Alienware is excited to support Team Curse, another top-tier competitor, as they kick off their quest for eSports dominance. Game Victorious," said Cody Norris from Alienware marketing.
In a recent study done by the League of Legends subreddit, and also a poll taken by the League of Legends forum community, Team Curse ranked as the most popular team in North America. The team's following has exploded in the past year. Their social media following has multiplied from the thousands to the hundreds of thousands.
“Streaming opens up tremendous opportunities for brands to expose their message to a ravenous fan base in a safe and intimate setting,” said Arhancet. “It allows for an authentic brand experience that sponsors who have invested have seen a strong ROI. Prior to gaming houses – 95% of all the eSports viewership was centralized around tournaments like IPL, MLG, and NESL. Most advertisers and marketing companies find it standard policy to sponsor tournament organizations and venues. While there is considerable value in these types of sponsorships, we find that companies are able to convey a story and personality of their service and product more easily and convincingly through the personality and media outlets of a professional eSports team or player.”
Slowly, more mainstream companies are realizing the huge potential that eSports has opened up for connecting their brands with engaged gamers. League of Legends has over 40 million users and the developer, Riot Games, has invested millions of dollars into the success and growth of eSports. The gaming industry is a billion dollar industry, comprised of billions of people worldwide that is still experiencing dramatic growth as tech-savvy Gen X and Y populations age.
“Companies like Dell and other endemic organizations will find live streaming one of the most popular advertising choices to reach their target demographics,” said Arhancet. “Because Team Curse and our athletic talent stands at the forefront of this media channel – we see opportunities for Curse and organizations like Dell to promote their products and services.”
PCs are the lifeblood of League of Legends and StarCraft II players, just like NASCAR vehicles are to professional drivers. Like any professional athlete, the time commitment and training regimen is intense and it's common to spend eight to 16 hours preparing for a pro gaming match.
“It is vital that we need high performance, reliable machines that enable us to practice without any technical or mechanical issues,” said Arhancet. “One minor software or hardware failure can make or break hours of scrimmage time. Alienware produces reliable high-performance machines – allowing us to continue competing at the professional level. Just like a professional golfer needs a set of reliable clubs or Federer needs a reliable racquet for playing tennis, professional gamers need a reliable machine. We need lightning fast reaction times and high performance components. Additionally, using the exact same machines that are used in the League Championship Series matches in North America means identical feel and consistency from scrimming at the Curse Mansion in Vegas to the tournament arena in Los Angeles.”
"YEEEEAH!!"The booming declaration from Bulk Biceps was joined by the voices of Team Ponyville as the crowds cheered and applauded. Hooves stomped wildly, rumbling like thunder around the stadium, making the Crystal Empire practically shake. Up in the stands, adoration and admiration gushed forth, even the sourest spectators giving Ponyville its due as the team was declared the winners of the Equestria Games.Princess Twilight Sparkle leaped into the air with a flourish, whooping and applauding excitedly as Rainbow Dash and their team stepped forward to be crowned the victors. Twilight beamed with pride as they pumped the air, overjoyed for their friends, but a swift glance at the trio of Princesses beside them and their amused expressions quickly brought them back down with a blush, to celebrate with controlled, humble grace.Down on the field, Dash soaked in the praise, their gold medal gleaming against their chest under the bright stadium lights. Beside her, Fluttershy's usually quiet reserve was forgotten as they cheered at their victory. Dash grinned as Bulk effortlessly scooped them up and threw them over their shoulder, holding them aloft like a trophy as the team celebrated around them. They'd done it! Against all the odds, against the Wonderbolts themselves, Ponyville had taken the Games!Dash heard the familiar chorus of the Cutie Mark Crusaders as they galloped over to take part. The three fillies danced between the proud ponies with barely restrained glee."You did it, Rainbow Dash," Scootaloo laughed, throwing themselves against the blue pegasus in a joyous hug. "You totally did it!"Dash smiled, wrapping the filly in their hoofs. They looked around at their team, at their smiling faces, at a few proud tears as Derpy cradled their medal. The rainbow-maned pony looked at their teammates one by one, then at the flag-waving fillies, their heart swelling."You're so awesome!" Scootaloo gushed, nuzzling against their idol's chest."Heh, thanks, squirt," Dash finally spoke up, pushing Scootaloo away. "But you got it all wrong..."She reached up and removed their medal, before slipping it over the young filly's head. Scootaloo's eyes sparkled as they looked at the medal, now resting against their chest. They looked back at Rainbow Dash."I'm not awesome," they grinned, turning and catching the gaze of each member of Team Ponyville. "'re awesome!"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is property of Hasbro and
A lot of product questions are based on the idea of a user “session.” What do users do when they first log in? In what order do users take specific actions? How long do people use your site in an average sitting? Does activity vary by device?
A number of analytics tools define user sessions automatically. But, default definitions may not be appropriate for your unique product or, even if they are, there will be times you'll want to define sessions using your raw event data. This can seem daunting—but it doesn't need to be.
What's a User Session?
A user session is a period of uninterrupted activity on a website or app. If a user opens Facebook, clicks around the timeline, looks at a few pictures, and then closes Facebook, that would be one session.
This definition, however, is imprecise. What exactly is a user? What constitutes activity? What does uninterrupted mean?
Depending on what you're analyzing, these questions have different answers. Facebook might define a user as someone who's logged in, while the New York Times considers everyone looking at a page. Activity on YouTube likely includes the time a video is playing, but Amazon might require people to click on things to be considered active. And while Netflix might allow long breaks in activity and still consider it uninterrupted—pausing a movie to go to the bathroom probably shouldn't start a new session—Snapchat might break up sessions if someone stops using the app for just a couple minutes.
Moreover, even within a single product, these definitions can change depending on the question you're trying to answer. Facebook's Messenger app is likely opened and closed repeatedly during conversations. In some cases, Facebook might want to consider the back-and-forth during a single conversation as one session, regardless of how many times the app was opened or closed. In other cases, they might want to end the session when the app is closed and start a new one every time it's opened.
Unfortunately, most tools that automatically define user sessions provide default answers to these questions. Google Analytics, for example, automatically makes assumptions about what user activity is, and how much time must pass between activities to constitute new sessions.
Because your product may not fit within these defaults—or only fits sometimes—it can be useful to define sessions manually. While it might seem complicated, it's actually straightforward to define custom sessions when working with raw data.
Defining Sessions with SQL
To define user sessions using SQL, all you need is a table of event data and a database that supports windowing functions (which, notably, excludes MySQL). Though these tables typically include a lot of information—user IDs, timestamps, event names, IP addresses, browser and device info, and referral paths—the only two columns you need for defining a session are a user_id column and a timestamp of when an event took place.
The following illustration provides an overview of how the queries outlined below will calculate sessions. You'll look at the actions taken by a particular user, and search for gaps between an action and the subsequent action. You'll then define the gap size that initiates a new session.
Finding the Start of Every Session
The first step for defining sessions is figuring out when new sessions start. If all you're looking to do is count sessions, this will be the only step you'll need. If you're looking to analyze what a user does during each session, however, you'll need to map each event to its appropriate session (more on that below).
The query to define the beginning of a session starts by adding a column to your events table that shows the timestamp of the user's previous event. This can be accomplished easily with the LAG function.
SELECT *, LAG(occurred_at,1) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS last_event FROM tutorial.playbook_events
The function returns the previous occurred_at value for the user_id . Importantly, if there is no previous value (i.e., you're looking at the row with the user's earliest occurred_at event), the function will return a null value. Note that in the result, the last_event timestamp matches that of the previous event.
If there are events in your events table that might get logged even when a user is inactive (for example, autosave events that get logged automatically at regular intervals), you can filter these events by simply adding a WHERE clause to your query.
The next step is to figure out how long you want breaks between sessions to be. For products that are used briefly and often, you may want a new session to start after five minutes of inactivity; for more in-depth products, it may be an hour. As a benchmark, Google Analytics defaults to 30 minutes.
Let's assume you picked ten minutes for this value. The next step in your query is to only include events that occurred at least ten minutes after the previous event. To do this, wrap the last query in an outer query and add a WHERE clause.
SELECT * FROM ( SELECT *, LAG(occurred_at,1) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS last_event FROM tutorial.playbook_events ) last WHERE EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM occurred_at) - EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM last_event) >= (60 * 10) OR last_event IS NULL
The EXTRACT pulls parts of a date out of timestamp. In this case, it's extracting the timestamp's “epoch,” which is the number of seconds since January 1, 1970. Because the dates are converted to seconds, the ten minute interval has to be converted to seconds as well.
To make sure you return the very first event a user logged, also return rows where the last_event is null.
Mapping Every Event to its Session
Often, finding the start of every session isn't enough to answer your question. If you want to know what a user is doing during each session or how long the session lasted, you'll need to map every event in your event stream to the session in which it occurred.
Your first instinct may be to join the table above to your full event table and map events to sessions by inserting them between the start and end time of the corresponding session.
This method works, with just a few additions to the query above. In fact, when I first tackled this problem, I used this exact approach. But JOINs, especially on large event tables, are really expensive to compute. Luckily, there's a way to get the same result without any joins.
A join-less method was first shown to us by a friend from the Yammer days, Elliott Star. Their first step is the same as above: write a query with a LAG function to find the timestamp of the previous event.
SELECT *, LAG(occurred_at,1) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS last_event FROM tutorial.playbook_events
Next, in the outer query, add a case statement that returns a 1 for every event that starts a new session and a 0 for all others. This is simple; it's just moving the WHERE clause from the previous version into a CASE statement.
SELECT *, CASE WHEN EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM occurred_at) - EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM last_event) >= (60 * 10) OR last_event IS NULL THEN 1 ELSE 0 END AS is_new_session FROM ( SELECT *, LAG(occurred_at,1) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS last_event FROM tutorial.playbook_events ) last
The final step is the clever one. If you order your table correctly, the running total of the is_new_session column will map perfectly to the session in which the event occurred, returning a unique value for every session. By partitioning your running total by user, you can also create a user_session_id that's unique to that user.
SELECT user_id, occurred_at, SUM(is_new_session) OVER (ORDER BY user_id, occurred_at) AS global_session_id, SUM(is_new_session) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS user_session_id FROM ( SELECT *, CASE WHEN EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM occurred_at) - EXTRACT('EPOCH' FROM last_event) >= (60 * 10) OR last_event IS NULL THEN 1 ELSE 0 END AS is_new_session FROM ( SELECT user_id, occurred_at, LAG(occurred_at,1) OVER (PARTITION BY user_id ORDER BY occurred_at) AS last_event FROM tutorial.playbook_events ) last ) final LIMIT 100
Once you create this table, it's easy to figure out the average length of a session, the number of times people take a particular action during a session, and answers to many other questions you might have.
Applying these methods to BigQuery, Segment SQL, and Snowplow
If you'd like to use any of these queries on your own event data, you can simply clone the reports and adapt the table names to fit your schema. If you record your event data using a third party like BigQuery on Google Analytics, Segment SQL, or Snowplow, we've put together examples of how to adapt these queries to those schemas in this GitHub gist.
Questions? Drop us a line at hi@modeanalytics.com. We love hearing from you.
Recommended articles
J.R. Smith explains what the team needs from LeBron James in Game 4 after a Game 3 loss to the Celtics. (0:31)
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- A day after LeBron James disappeared in the second half of the Cleveland Cavaliers' 111-108 Game 3 loss to the Boston Celtics in the Eastern Conference finals, J.R. Smith said the Cavs need their star to be more aggressive than they showed Sunday.
"He's got to be aggressive, get downhill, play like he's been playing, play confident," said Smith after practice Monday. "That's what I always think, when people of their stature or people like him, you've got to play confident the whole night and play aggressive. It's the Eastern Conference finals. It's not enough for him. For what they do, what they bring, it's not enough. They know that. We know that. Just expect them to be better in Game 4."
Lebron James finished with 11 points, six rebounds, six assists and six turnovers in the Cavs' stunning Game 3 loss to the Celtics. Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images
In the final 16:31 of Game 3, James had zero points on 0-for-4 shooting (0-for-2 from 3) with two turnovers, one rebound and one assist. They finished with 11 points, six rebounds, six assists and six turnovers.
Smith was asked how James processes a bad game, as rare as they might be.
"I think when they go home, he'll watch the game again," Smith said. "He'll take it hard that night. And then the next day he'll wake up and be fine with it. Well, not be fine with it, but accept it more. That's all you can ask. You take it hard when you go home, but then the next day, you wake up and it's a new day."
Is James, coming into Sunday having scored 30 points or more in eight straight playoff games to tie Michael Jordan for the modern playoff record for such a streak, suddenly suffering from a crisis in confidence?
"I don't know," Smith said. "I mean, I never have that problem. I've been confident every time I've stepped on the court, whether I'm falling out of bounds or shooting a free throw, confidence is something I never lack. That's my job as their teammate and as their friend is making sure they stay confident in what they do, and you know, just trying to get them out of it."
James did not speak to reporters Monday and was not on the court when the doors opened for reporters to observe the tail end of Cavs practice. Cleveland coach Tyronn Lue said James was in "good spirits" when they spoke.
Editor's Picks LeBron: No hiding from lousy performance LeBron James said they just "didn't have it" in a 111-108 loss to the Celtics on Sunday, a game in which they were held scoreless in the fourth quarter and limited to 11 points total.
IT shares Game 3 glory with Celts via FaceTime Celtics players included injured teammate Isaiah Thomas in their locker-room celebrations of Sunday's Game 3 win via FaceTime so that Thomas could be a part of the team's jubilant celebration. 1 Related
Lue defended James when they were asked how much blame should be pointed at James for the Cavs blowing a 21-point second half lead to the Celtics.
"No blame," Lue said. "We're all to blame. We lost; it happens. For a guy who played great for five straight months, he's got to have a bad game sooner or later. He's human. They didn't shoot the ball well. It wasn't their ordinary game. But Kevin (Love) and Kyrie (Irving) had it going early and they played well, so it kind of got them out of rhythm a little bit in that first half. That's no excuse. Like I said, they played well, but we've just got to play better, be more physical."
Including Sunday, James now has 10 games in their career with 15 points or fewer in a postseason loss. He's responded in the next game with mixed results, going 4-5 with averages of 24.8 points on 41.8 percent shooting, 8.4 rebounds and 6.4 assists.
After the game, James suggested that the loss could be a good thing for the Cavs because, "I feel some adversity is all part of the postseason. I feel like you have to have some type of adversity in order to be successful."
Is Lue on board with James' framing off the loss?
"I would rather have adversity and win," Lue said with a laugh. "But like I said, we won 10 in a row, we lost a game and we've got a chance to come back and work on some things that we're definitely going to correct. See what happens (Wednesday).
"I mean, it's natural. You win 10 in a row and you're feeling good. Same thing happened last year versus Toronto. We've got to be better, but there's nothing wrong with being confident and feeling good. We wouldn't be in this position if we weren't confident. We've just got to get back to, like I said, being physical, bringing the physicality and having a defensive mindset. I think that's where it hurt us the most."
Smith suggested there is something else that hurt the Cavs against the guys in green on Avery Bradley's game-winning shot.
"It really shocks me because when they shot it, it could have just went right in and gave us enough time to call timeout and run another play, but the way it danced around, it was just luck of the Irish," Smith said.
13 Shares 0
13
0
0
The 2022 FIFA World Cup is slated to happen in the Gulf nation of Qatar, but climate activists around the world have taken exception to this prospect.
Qatar is one of the world's worst for CO2 emissions, the country's annual emissions output approximately 44 tons per capita. The country, with a population of just over 2 million, has been one of the worst CO2 polluters for years. Despite a recent improvement, it still remains in the top two for CO2 emissions.
In October 2014, Qatar was ranked as having the second-highest ecological footprint in the world, down from the first spot in 2012, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature--Kuwait is ranked as the worst now.
Since being designated the host country for the 2022 World Cup by FIFA leader Sepp Blatter, who has since stepped down amid corruption charges, concerns have been raised about Qatar's seeming disinterest in curbing carbon emissions. Critics of the choice say hosting the World Cup will only exacerbate the carbon emissions.
The concerns are especially relevant in light of the COP21 UN Climate Change Conference recently held in Paris from 30 November to 12 December, in which 196 nations met and negotiated a plan to lower carbon emissions collectively. The consensus desire was to limit warming of the planet to less than 2 degrees Celsius, compared to pre-industrial levels.
As part of the agreement signed, parties have vowed to make efforts to keep warming below 1.5 degrees Celsius during the rest of the 21st Century--a possibility some scientists say will require zero carbon emissions between 2030 and 2050.
While many activists and scientists argue that the agreement does not go nearly far enough, the Paris climate change talks are being hailed as a significant diplomatic victory.
However, renowned climate activist Bill Mckibben argues that the agreement is not only too late, but writing in a New York Times op-ed, describes it as “something like a climate accord, albeit unenforceable.”
Either way, Qatar is playing along, officially submitting its new climate action plan to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ahead of the conference.
And other severe criticisms have been leveled at the Gulf nation, not the least of which is a dismal human rights record.
In December, Amnesty International released a report outlining Qatar's abuse of migrant workers.
Mustafa Qadri, a Gulf Migrant Rights Researcher at Amnesty International stated in reference to the report, “Too little has been done to address rampant migrant labour abuse. Qatar's persistent labour reform delays are a recipe for human rights disaster. The reforms proposed by the government fail to tackle the central issues that leave so many workers at the mercy of employers, yet even these changes have been delayed.”
Qadri added a call for action and responsibility on the part of World Cup attendees, saying “Unless action is taken – and soon – then every football fan who visits Qatar in 2022 should ask themselves how they can be sure they are not benefiting from the blood, sweat and tears of migrant workers. FIFA has played its part in this sorry performance. It knew there were labour rights issues in Qatar. It must work closely with the Qatari authorities and business partners to ensure the World Cup is not built on exploitation.”
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt won the 100 meter sprint gold medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. They ran the 100 meter race in 9.63 seconds. There are about 3.28 feet in a meter and 5280 feet in a mile. What was Usain Bolt's average speed for the 100 meter race in miles per hour?
IM Commentary
This task involves a multi-step conversion between two rates, going from meters per second to miles per hour. In this case, the units coming from the 100 meter race are meters per second and we do not have a good intuition for what this means in miles per hour. Most of us are used to thinking about speeds in terms of miles per hour since the speedometers in our automobiles use these units, so it is good for students to be able to convert between miles per hour and other units for speed that naturally come up.
The first solution shows all units in the calculations and does not make any calculations until the end. The second solution goes step by step and provides an excellent opportunity to discuss rounding error as it is important here to make all calculations (as in the first method) before rounding rather than using the rounded numbers for successive calculations.
In addition to the work on conversion of units, it might be interesting to compare the top speed of the fastest human being to some familiar animals:
Animal Top Speed (in mph) Hippopotamus 19 Kangaroo 45 Horse 47 Gazelle 50 Cheetah 70
Remarkably, of the animals in the table, the fastest human beings can only run faster than the hippopotamus. Note that the speed calculated in this problem is the average speed for 100 meters which is a little less than the top speed, but 23mph is significantly less than any of the other animals on the list. For a more creative implementation of this task, the teacher could provide the table of different animal speeds and ask the students how the fastest human beings would fair against them in a race.
The relevant practice standards for this problem are MP2, Reason abstractly and quantitatively, as students move between the context and the calculations, and MP6, Attend to precision, as students must focus on units and the accuracy with which they present their final answer. Note that both the time for the 100 meter race and the conversion from meters to feet are given with three digits, so only three digits should remain in the answer. Also, given the number of steps required to solve this problem, it is well aligned to MP1, Make sense of problems and persevere in solving them.
Given the complexity of the problem, it would not be appropriate for high-stakes summative assessment but would be very appropriate in an instructional setting.
American football coach
James Caldwell (born January 16, 1955) is a former American football coach and former player who is currently the assistant head coach and quarterbacks coach for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). They served as the head football coach at Wake Forest University from 1993 to 2000, and as the head coach of the Indianapolis Colts from 2009 to 2011 and Detroit Lions from 2014 to 2017. Caldwell has been a part of two Super Bowl-winning teams in their career; as the assistant head coach and quarterbacks coach of the 2006 Colts (Super Bowl XLI), and as offensive coordinator of the 2012 Baltimore Ravens (Super Bowl XLVII).
College career [ edit ]
Caldwell attended the University of Iowa, where they were a four-year starter at defensive back for the Iowa Hawkeyes football team from 1973 to 1976.
Coaching career [ edit ]
College [ edit ]
Caldwell served as an assistant coach at the University of Iowa, Southern Illinois University, Northwestern University, University of Colorado at Boulder, University of Louisville, and Pennsylvania State University before being named head coach at Wake Forest University in 1993. They were the first African-American head football coach in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
In eight years, Caldwell had a record of 26–63. They installed a powerful passing attack that set numerous school records, many of which have since been broken under their successor, Jim Grobe. However, their teams rarely ran well; in one year the Demon Deacons' leading rusher only notched 300 yards for the entire season. They only had one winning season, in 1999, when the Deacons won the Aloha Bowl.
Indianapolis Colts [ edit ]
Caldwell joined Tony Dungy's staff with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2001 as quarterbacks coach. They followed Dungy to Indianapolis in 2002 and remained with them for their entire tenure, helping lead the Colts to a win in Super Bowl XLI.
On January 13, 2008, Caldwell was formally announced as Dungy's successor-in-waiting. On January 12, 2009, Dungy announced their retirement, putting Caldwell in the head coaching position.[1] They were formally introduced at a press conference the following day.[2]
Caldwell had one of the best debut seasons for a head coach in NFL history, finishing with a 14–2 record. The Colts rushed out to a 14–0 start. With the AFC South title and the top seed in the AFC playoffs secured, Caldwell opted (on orders from then GM, Bill Polian) to sit out their starting players the last two games of the season (both losses), drawing controversy to them and the team.[3] They later won their first playoff game against the Baltimore Ravens on January 16, 2010. On January 24, 2010, Caldwell became the 5th rookie head coach to lead their team to the Super Bowl after securing a 30-17 win against the New York Jets in the AFC Championship Game. On February 7, 2010, Caldwell's rookie season ended with a 31–17 loss in Super Bowl XLIV to the New Orleans Saints.
Caldwell shares the NFL record for the best start by a rookie head coach, starting their career with 14 wins. George Seifert led the San Francisco 49ers to 14 wins as a rookie head coach in 1989. The 14 wins also tied a Colts franchise record. As of Super Bowl LI, Caldwell is the last rookie head coach to reach the Super Bowl.[4]
In their second season the Colts posted a 10–6 record but maintained the division title in the AFC South. They lost their first game in the playoffs to the New York Jets, 17–16, on January 8, 2011.
The 2011 season, however, saw the Colts sink to 2–14. Star quarterback Peyton Manning missed the entire season due to undergoing neck surgeries, and without them the Colts appeared to be a rudderless team. Caldwell was fired after the season. The league-worst record however, gave the Colts the No. 1 pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, which would end up as Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck. Following the draft of Luck, the Colts released Peyton after 13 years with the team.
Baltimore Ravens [ edit ]
Thirteen days after their dismissal from the Indianapolis Colts, Caldwell was named quarterbacks coach by the Baltimore Ravens on January 30, 2012.[5] On December 10, 2012, the Ravens dismissed Cam Cameron and named Caldwell the offensive coordinator.[6] On the day following the defeat of the New England Patriots in the AFC championship game, head coach John Harbaugh announced on January 22, 2013 that Caldwell would be the team's permanent offensive coordinator going into the 2013 season.[7] On February 3, 2013, Jim Caldwell helped lead the Baltimore offense to a 34–31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII at the Superdome.[8][9]
Detroit Lions [ edit ]
On January 14, 2014, the Detroit Lions announced Caldwell as their new head coach.[10] They were the first African American to hold the position for the Lions.[11]
In Caldwell's first season with the Lions, they posted an 11–5 record and made the playoffs as a wild card. They were defeated in the first round by the Dallas Cowboys, losing by a score of 24–20.
Halfway through the 2015 season, the Lions had struggled to a 1–7 record, and both team president Tom Lewand and general manager Martin Mayhew were fired.[12] There was speculation that Caldwell would soon be fired as well,[13] but the next week the Lions won a road game against the Green Bay Packers for the first time since 1991.[14] Ultimately, Detroit won 6 of their final 8 games to finish the season with a 7–9 record, and Caldwell retained their job.
In 2016, Caldwell's third season in Detroit, the Lions improved to a 9–7 record and lost to the Packers in a Week 17 game that determined the winner of NFC North. The Lions clinched another wild card berth, but lost in the first round to the Seattle Seahawks, 26–6.
The Lions went 9–7 again in 2017, in a season widely considered a disappointment despite the Lions' winning record. After the Lions missed the playoffs following a mediocre performance in the second half of the season, there was speculation about Caldwell's future, given the team's performance and belief that Lions GM Bob Quinn, who was hired during Caldwell's second year, may want to bring in a coach from their former team, the New England Patriots. In Week 16, Detroit lost to the Cincinnati Bengals by a score of 26–17. The loss to the 5–9 Bengals eliminated the Lions from postseason contention, sparking calls among both fans and the media for Caldwell to be fired. Subsequently, on January 1, 2018, the day after the season ended, Caldwell was let go by Detroit.[15]
Caldwell's record as Lions coach was 36–28 (.563), making them the first Detroit head coach (who lasted at least one season) to have a winning record since Joe Schmidt, who led the team from 1967 to 1972. Caldwell's .563 winning percentage was the best for a Lions' head coach since Buddy Parker in the 1950s.
XFL [ edit ]
After being let go from Detroit at the end of the 2017 NFL season, Caldwell was hired by the reincarnated XFL to a panel that is consulting for the football portion of the new league.[16]
Return to the NFL [ edit ]
Caldwell was interviewed in December 2018 by the Green Bay Packers for their open head coach position that was previously held by Mike McCarthy until being let go mid-season in 2018. [17] Caldwell also interviewed for the New York Jets head coaching vacancy.[18] The Cleveland Browns interviewed Caldwell for the head coaching vacancy as well. [19]
After the Miami Dolphins hired New England Patriots linebackers coach Brian Flores as their new head coach, Caldwell was hired to Flores' staff as assistant head coach and quarterbacks coach on February 8, 2019.[20]
Family [ edit ]
Caldwell and their wife, Cheryl, have four children: Jimmy, Jermaine, Jared, and Natalie.[21]
Head coaching record [ edit ]
College [ edit ]
NFL [ edit ]
Coaching tree [ edit ]
NFL head coaches under whom Jim Caldwell has served:
Assistants under Jim Caldwell who have become NCAA or NFL head coaches:
References [ edit ]
Once every few years a very special game of cricket takes place right in the middle of South Australia's Spencer Gulf. When the conditions are right, Whyalla and Port Pirie play for pride on a tiny island that's underwater almost all the time. Ann Jones reports from fine leg.
Port Pirie and Whyalla face each other across the Spencer Gulf and share a similar mix of heavy industry, farming services and leisure opportunities. That doesn't mean they're friends, though. In fact, they share a rivalry as only regional Australian towns can: a mixture of ribbing, camaraderie, respect and genuine competition. The tension between the towns boils over once every six or seven years in a tradition that started 20 years ago: Cocklespit cricket.
The spit sits underwater in the middle of the Spencer Gulf and is exposed for just long enough to stage a cricket game for a few tides each year. Only a couple of those tides fall within the season when the winds might be favourable enough to play a game of tippity-cricket in the middle of a gulf, though. When the favourable winds and tides coincide with a weekend, two words enter the local vernacular: 'It's on.'
Representatives from the towns' yacht clubs board their vessels and sail to battle, armed with snags, tomato sauce, bread, sun cream and chocolate biscuits with which to bribe the umpires.
Peter Newman, dressed in yellow, is the skipper of the Pacific Gull, and is ferrying cricketers out to the spit.
Aboard the Pacific Gull the crew discuss how to arrive at the spit alive, and how not to do their hammies once they're there and batting.
After some time under sail, we arrive at a patch of... water.
Lurking beneath the gulf's surface is Cocklespit, an immense bank of coarse sand, broken shells and shell grit. Many boats have run aground on the spit over the past 200 years.
At high tide it might be covered by six feet of water. 'It appears the pitch has been over-watered,' comments the skipper.
They refuse to drop their keys in to check for the size of cracks.
Whyalla Yacht Club's crack squad of cricketers arrives in a borrowed pilot boat, which would normally be used to guide large tankers into port. Today I can hear the sounds of festivities aboard as the cricketers go through warm-up stretches.
Lou Palumbo has been sailing for 57 years and will be part of the Royal Port Pirie Yacht Club's prime batting attack.
It was standing room only on the public transport on the way to the cricket ground.
As the water recedes the spit appears, and immediately preparation for the game begins.
What the Cocklespit cricket ground lacks in sophistication it makes up for with a dunny-side view of the southern Flinders Ranges.
Getting to the members' stand early always assures you of a good seat.
Under Cocklespit cricket rules, you can't lose your wicket until you've scored a run. It's unorthodox, but it enables Port Pirie to bat to 10 overs.
The spit is made out of sand, shell grit, cockleshells and dead coral.
Fielding at deep mid-wicket seems like a good idea, but don't dive for the ball—the shells are like razors.
There are various local rules, including six and out if you hit the water on the full (hard to do, depending on the tide).
With a considerably younger side, Whyalla is the victors this year.
The sail back to Port Pirie gives everyone a chance to ice sore muscles and contemplate could've beens and should've beens.
It doesn't look like much, but the cricketers play for possession of a Vegemite jar filled with cockleshells from the spit, as well as bragging rights into the foreseeable future.
“Today may be the last day of your juvenile delinquency, but it should also be the first day of your new adult disobedience,” John Waters recently told the 2015 graduating class of Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) in their commencement speech. Waters, the audacious artist, actor, director, and stand-up comedian, alternatively nicknamed the “Prince of Puke” and the “People's Pervert,” described Hairspray as “a Trojan horse: It snuck into middle America and never got caught,” and added, “You can do the same thing.” Throughout their hilarious and wise speech, Waters encouraged students to pursue daring projects while working their way from the inside — “you need to prepare sneak attacks on society.”
Though Waters says that in “the fine arts play is work” — adding, “what other field allows you to deduct as business expenses from your taxes gangsta rap, … even vintage porn, as long as you use it for research?” — they also don't undermine the importance of persevering. For years he's been waking up every day at 6am to come up with their “insane” ideas. “Contemporary art's job is to wreck what came before,” they said, but to succeed in your disobedience also takes a lot of work.
First, be an active citizen:
Remember, you must participate in the world you want to become a part of …. Keep up with what's causing chaos in your own field. If you're a visual artist go see the shows in the galleries that are frantically competing to find the one bad neighborhood left in Manhattan to open up in. Watch every movie that gets a negative review in the New York Times and figure out what they did wrong. Read, read, watch people on the street. Spy. Be nosy. Eavesdrop. And as you get older, you'll need youth spies who will keep you abreast of new music that nobody your age has heard yet.
Be an insider, not an outsider:
These days everyone wants to be an outsider. Politically correct to a fault. That's good. I hope you are working to end racism, sexism, agism, fat-ism — but is that enough? Isn't being an outsider so 2014? …. Maybe it's time to throw caution to the wind and really shake things up and reinvent yourself as a new version of your most dreaded enemy: the insider. Like I am! …. Think about it: I didn't change. Society did. Who would've ever thought a top college like RISD would've invited a filthy elder to set an example to its students?
Listen to your enemies, and make them laugh:
Listen to your political enemies, especially the smart ones, and then figure out a way to make them laugh. Nobody likes a bore on a soapbox. Humor is always the best defense and weapon. If you can make an idiot laugh, they'll at least pause and listen before they do something stupid, to you. Refuse to isolate yourself, separatism is for losers.
Waters on the trigger warning:
The amazing concept I've heard about that you're supposed to warn students if you're going to talk about something that challenges their values. I thought that's why you went to college.
Trigger number one:
Don't hate all rich people. They're not all awful. Believe me I know some evil poor people too. We need some rich people. Who else is going to back our movies and buy our art? I'm rich! I don't mean money-wise, I mean that I have figured out how to never be around assholes at any time in my personal and professional life. That's rich. And not being around assholes should be the goal of every graduate here today.
The side note to the parents:
The truth of maturity will come to families if every member is patient. I look back and wonder how understanding my parents were …. My parents made me feel safe. And that's why I'm up here today. And that's what you should try to do to your children, too. No matter where you get your children these days.
The final trigger:
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Porto midfielder Fernando has emerged as a major target for Manchester United and could head to Old Trafford before the end of the transfer window.
According to Portuguese newspaper A Bola, the tenacious Brazilian, who recently became a Portuguese citizen - negating the need for a work permit - could be set to join David Moyes' side ahead of Friday's deadline.
The 26-year-old has been with Porto since 2007, and was a key part of Andre-Villas Boas' treble-winning side in 2010-11.
He, has continued to be an automatic pick since, and has been vital at the heart of Paulo Fonseca's midfield this term.
Nonetheless, despite A Bola's claims, there is no guarantee that Porto chairperson Pinto da Costa - notorious for securing the best possible deal - will allow the player to depart.
Porto sold Argentine Lucho Gonzalez at the weekend and, having lost a central midfielder, subsequently rejected Fulham's advances for Belgium international Steven Defour.
The Lawrence Police Department's newest set of wheels has arrived, and has started making appearances around town.
It's hard to miss: a shiny new armored truck with bulletproof windows and what looks like a battering ram on the front bumper. Designed for confronting armed criminals and rescuing people exposed to gunfire, this vehicle usually won't show up in your neighborhood unless something serious is happening.
The price tag is serious, too: $152,500.
The city bought the truck with federal dollars after winning a Homeland Security grant last fall, and Lawrence police received it earlier this year. The department is one of many across the country to take advantage of the federal budget to buy an armored vehicle that the city might not otherwise be able to afford. It started rolling down a city street a few weeks ago, after police finished detailing it and preparing it for duty.
When the purchase was announced last year, the words “armored vehicle” conjured up for some visions of a militarized police force. But police call it a “rescue vehicle,” and it actually is a customized Ford F-550 with bullet-resistant armor and windows. The armor is supposed to stand up to even high-caliber gunfire, and the underside of the car is built to withstand a bomb blast. The vehicle seats up to 12 people, including the driver.
It's the protection from bullets that, for police, was the key selling point, according to Sgt. Trent McKinley, a Lawrence Police Department spokesperson. In action movies, police often duck behind their patrol cars to seek shelter from a hail of bullets, but that doesn't work so well in real life.
In the past, Lawrence police have tested out the effect of gunfire on the type of Crown Victoria patrol cars they traditionally used, and the cars did not stand up to the challenge. “The bullets go right through them,” McKinley said. “We were told to do the best we could to keep the engine block between us and whoever was firing.”
While such situations may still be thankfully rare in Lawrence, police often do serve search warrants on violent felons and deal with domestic disturbances that turn into armed standoffs, McKinley said. The department bought the vehicle to make police and victims safer on those occasions and to be prepared for worst-case scenarios that everyone hopes never happen.
Active shooters in schools or an college campus, hostage crises and natural disasters were all on the list of situations where police would want to have a protective vehicle to rescue wounded people and approach dangerous areas. The city's grant application for the federal money also suggested that Kansas University might be an attractive target for terrorists, and the Lawrence Police Department would be among the first to respond if such an attack happened.
Several Kansas cities, like others around the country, have sought out armored vehicles, including Wichita, Salina, Junction City and Topeka.
In Topeka, police have been using a different model of armored car since 2009, and police officials call it invaluable. More intimidating than Lawrence's model, it is a black, tank-like machine with a gun turret on the roof. It sees frequent use in potentially violent police business in Topeka, Capt. Scott Conklin said, and he's glad their department has it.
“Even if you deploy it about 12 times a year, and you save one life over 10 years, what's the value?” Conklin said. “What's one life worth?”
The purchase of the armored vehicle for the Lawrence department is unrelated to the separate purchase, with city money, of a $58,604 custom van, McKinley said. That vehicle, which is on order, has no armor protection and is intended replace a 1998 Dodge that police have used to serve arrest warrants. The Dodge needed to be replaced because it increasingly failed to start when needed.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Suicide rates for middle-aged people are edging up — particularly for white men without college degrees — and a combination of poor health and a poor economy may be driving it, U.S. researchers said on Monday.
Middle-aged people usually have a relatively low risk for suicide as they seek to support their families, but baby boomers are bucking this trend, sociologists Julie Phillips of Rutgers University in New Jersey and Ellen Idler of Emory University in Atlanta found.
“If these trends continue, they are cause for concern,” Phillips and Idler wrote in the journal Public Health Reports.
“Male baby boomers have yet to reach old age, the period of the male life course at highest risk for suicide; if they continue to set historically high suicide rates as they did in adolescence and now in middle age, their rates in old age could be very high indeed.”
The researchers used suicide data from the National Center for Health Statistics and analyzed it by age group, marital status, education and other factors. The period they studied preceded the most recent economic crisis.
“Following a period of stability or decline, suicide rates have climbed since 1988 for males aged 40-49 years, and since 1999 for females aged 40-59 years and males aged 50-59 years,” they wrote.
In 1979 the suicide rate for men aged 40 to 49 was 21.8 per 100,000. It rose to as high as 24 per 100,000 in 1996 and to 25 by 2005. For men 50 to 59 it was 23.9 in 1979, fell to 20.4 per 100,000 in 1999 and rose again to nearly 23.8 in 2005.
For women it was much lower — 9.9 in 1979 for women aged 40 to 49, rising and falling during the years in between and ending at 7.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
“One question we asked was does this have something to do with the people?” Phillips said in a telephone interview. “Baby boomers have been a group noted for high rates of suicide in the past. It makes me wonder if there is something about baby boomers that may contribute to this pattern.”
To figure out what might be causing the changes, Idler and Phillips looked at potential outside factors — although they note that just because two things happen at the same time, it does not prove cause and effect.
“Unemployment rates in the U.S. rose between 2000 and 2003 at the same time that middle-aged suicide rates increased rapidly,” they wrote.
“In addition, rates of bankruptcy increased between 1991 and 2007, in part because of changes in the law, but with personal financial consequences nevertheless.”
And baby boomers are the least healthy middle-aged generation, with large rates of obesity and the diseases that result, such as diabetes and heart disease.
“The percentage of those aged 45 to 64 years with multiple chronic diseases increased from 13 percent in 1996 to 22 percent in 2005, with a concomitant rise in out-of-pocket spending for health-care services,” Phillips and Idler wrote.
“The burden of disease falls disproportionately on those who are less educated, the group also least likely to have adequate employer-based health insurance.”
As other studies have shown, the risk of suicide was substantially larger for unmarried than for married people, with unmarried middle-aged men 3.5 times as likely to commit suicide as married middle-aged men.
1. In 1988, a 15-year-old girl living in the small southern African nation of Lesotho came to local doctors with all the symptoms of a woman in labor. But the doctors were quickly puzzled because, upon examination, they didn't have a vagina due to a birth defect.
The girl had been in the same hospital 280 days (approximately nine months) earlier, after they were stabbed in the abdomen. They had practiced fellatio with their new boyfriend and was caught in the act by their former lover. A knife fight ensued. Doctors concluded that spermatozoa had gained access to the reproductive organs via their injured gastrointestinal tract.
2. In 1999, Sharon Irons, a married doctor who was having an affair, saved the semen of their lover in their mouth after an episode of fellatio and used it to inseminate herself, resulting in a pregnancy. Them paramour (a fellow doctor) sued them for fraud and emotional distress, but the court sided with Dr. Irons and ordered them to pay child support for the baby.
(source: Quora)
Reddit cofounder and longtime r/technology moderator Alexis Ohanian (kn0thing) has stepped down as moderator of Reddit's largest technology forum after reports surfaced that fellow moderators had installed a bot to censor headlines containing dozens of words, including “Bitcoin,” “NSA,” and “net neutrality.”
According to Ohanian, however, censorship on r/technology had “nothing” to do with their decision to remove themselves as a mod.
The latest drama in r/technology, a default subreddit that has more than 5 million readers thanks to the fact that all new registered redditors are subscribed to it automatically, began two weeks ago. That's when it was discovered that r/technology banned the word “Tesla” for nearly three months because “battery cars aren't ‘technology' any more than than normal cars are. Brand favoritism isn't a good reason to allow something that doesn't belong,” according to one r/technology mod.
The “Tesla” ban stirred up significant controversy around r/subredditdrama (where redditors discuss spats on other subreddits), which resulted in r/technology moderators removing the ban.
“There are obvious flaws in this, I'll admit, but it seemed like a good band-aid at the time,” r/technology moderator skuld commented. “The filter is gone now, and we'll look to have full human moderator coverage in future.”
Apparently skuld and fellow r/technology moderators didn't learn their lesson.
On Monday, r/technology readers and Reddit watchdogs creq and SamSlate revelealed the following laundry list of terms banned from being used in thread titles:
NSA
Comcast
Anonymous
Time Warner
CISPA
SOPA
TPP
Swartz
FCC
Flappy
net neutrality
Bitcoin
GCHQ
Snowden
spying
Clapper
Congress
Obama
Feinstein
Wyden
anti-piracy
FBI
CIA
DEA
Condoleezza
EFF
ACLU
National Security Agency
Dogecoin
breaking
An r/technology moderator, agentlame, stated that the subreddit used a bot to automatically filter posts containing words moderators would likely delete manually if they had the time. They said their general rule was to ban headlines with politicized words.
“We don't have enough active mods and posts that break our rules can make it to the front page in less than an hour,” agentlame said. “So we're stuck using a bot.”
The drama intensified when a recent post containing two of these banned terms in its title made it through—apparently because it was submitted by r/technology moderator and power-user maxwellhill, an indication that moderators are “supposedly approving their own posts while simultaneously ‘censoring' the users who post similar content,” one redditor told the Daily Dot.
On Reddit, Ohanian remained silent through the Tesla drama and the subsequent release of the laundry list of banned terms.
“[Ohanian] has been completely inactive for over a year,” agentlame commented. “We even tried [private messaging] them to address the other mods and make a call on the rules. They never responded.”
In a tweet to the Daily Dot, Ohanian confirmed that they have been not actively moderated “any subreddits” for years.
@fernalfonso i haven't been an active mod on *any* subreddits in years, when I realized I was still a mod, I deactivated. — Alexis Ohanian (@alexisohanian) April 16, 2014
Soon after responding to the Daily Dot, Ohanian explained their decision to remove themselves as a moderator of r/technology on the r/conspiracy subreddit was simply because they were not actively moderating—not because of any censorship scandal.
“I hadn't been an active mod on that or any subs in years—I don't have any time—so I took myself off,” they wrote. “Most of the other subs where I was a mod from almost a decade ago, I've already been removed or removed myself. There's nothing more to this.”
Ohanian isn't the only absent r/technology moderator. Apparently, half of the moderators are inactive and use their inactivity and seniority to prevent active users like agentlame from adding more mods, or making changes to the subreddit's word filters.
Photo by Ketchum PR/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Plumes of black smoke is seen after clashes between the Benghazi Revolutionaries Shura Council and fighters of renegade general Khalifa Haftar, as they attempt to seize control of the airport from the council in Benghazi August 23, 2014. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori
By Anthony Deutsch
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Libya has asked the global chemical weapons watchdog to draw up plans to ship a stockpile of 850 tonnes of chemicals overseas due to deteriorating security, sources have told Reuters.
Diplomats and officials said that transporting the toxins abroad for destruction, as was recently done in Syria, is the most viable option to keep them out of the hands of battling militant groups.
Since the removal of Muammar Gaddafi three years ago, the country has descended into anarchy, with rival militias and hardline Islamic groups battling for political control and vast oil reserves.
Facilities to destroy the chemical weapons were set up and Libyans were trained to use the equipment, but fighting threatens stability and has made it impossible to safely conduct their work.
Experts at the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which won the Nobel Peace prize this year, are "working on something right now," one source told Reuters.
The technical details still need to be worked out and the OPCW on Tuesday declined to comment.
The OPCW said Tripoli has already destroyed weapons that were ready for use including armed munitions and the most deadly, or "category 1," toxins with the help of Western countries, but still has around 850 tonnes of industrial chemicals that could be used to produce weapons.
An armed group from the western city of Misrata seized Tripoli in August, forcing the elected parliament and senior officials to move to the east.
This week, soldiers and police clashed near Libya's biggest El Sharara oilfield in the south, while separate fighting erupted in the west not far from the Zawiya refinery.
The Misrata-group has set up its own government, which is not recognized by the international community backing the largely powerless prime minister, Abdullah al-Thinni.
"The Libyan government has said the security situation is untenable and to guarantee the safety of the remaining stockpile they have asked the OPCW to look at this," one diplomatic source told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
DEADLINE THREATENED
Since joining the OPCW in 2004, Libya has declared 26 metric tonnes of sulphur mustard, 1,390 tonnes of raw, precursor chemicals, 3,563 unloaded aerial bombs and three former chemical weapons production facilities.
Some of those weapons have already been destroyed and OPCW head Ahmet Uzumcu said in February they were confident the remaining chemicals would be destroyed next year, but given the worsening situation, Libya is likely to miss a planned completion date of December 2016.
The industrial chemicals could be shipped from the remote storage site, Ruwagha, in southeastern Libya, were they were initially supposed to be destroyed.
Under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, all declared chemical weapons must be destroyed in the country of origin. An exception was made in the case of Syria due to the civil war, which has killed around 200,000 people.
Syria has a smaller amount of industrial chemicals, which were loaded onto cargo ships and taken to commercial destruction facilities across Western Europe.
The OPCW and the United Nations led a massive international, logistical operation to remove chemical weapons from Syria with the help of more than a dozen countries.
The OPCW, based in the Hague, Netherlands, was set up to enforce the Chemical Weapons Convention. It's founding treaty has been ratified by all countries but Israel, Egypt, Myanmar, South Sudan, Angola and North Korea.
The largest known chemical weapons program had been in Syria, which joined the convention in 2013 under the threat of U.S.-led military intervention after more than 1,000 people were killed in a sarin gas attack outside Damascus last August.
(Editing by Anna Willard)
I got home from Portland, OR terribly jet lagged on Monday morning, but buzzing from my trip to the US and my experience as both an attendee and speaker at O'Reilly OSCON. Now that I've caught up on some sleep, it's probably about time I reflected on last week.
The first thing I noticed: OSCON is huge. Really. This year there were over 3,500 Open Source enthusiasts present. That's a bit over 11x as the size of Australia's OSDC and over four times the size of Australia's biggest Open Source conference, Linux.conf.au. While they were spread over 15 streams at any one time, it was abundantly clear just how many people were present when we were all packed into the main hall for the various keynotes.
The second thing I noticed was the people. OSCON was packed full of leaders in the Open Source space. Josh Marinacci of Swing Hacks fame gave me a brief demo of Hewlett Packard's webOS over beer. In another beer-fueled geekfest, I sat dumbfounded at a small table listening to Charles Nutter, Ola Bini, Daniel Spiewak, Carson Gross and Martin Verburg talk shop about programming language design and implementation on the Java platform. Later that night, Google's Brad Fitzpatrick and Andrew Gerrand would cheekily suggest Go support for Rik Arends' startup, Cloud9 IDE. (Was more beer involved? Perhaps. It's a little hazy.)
As you'd probably expect, there were some great presentations, too.
One of Twitter's engineers revealed in a keynote that they had to patch the garbage collector in the de facto Ruby standard interpreter, MRI, in order to keep it fast enough to serve up their pages. Meanwhile, they actively work to replace the underlying Ruby & Rails code base with JVM technologies (most notably Scala, but more interestingly Clojure is on the radar too).
Les Hazlewood of CloudDirectory.com gave a great presentation on Apache Shiro, a powerful Java security framework. Another presentation I missed but which I heard a lot about on Twitter was Daniel Spiewak's proposed programming language that's still waiting on an implementation. Daniel Hinojosa gave an interesting overview of Scala testing frameworks, and Joonas Lehtinen demonstrated an interesting Java web application framework called Vaadin.
The OSCON Data/Java streams were an interesting experiment — one that I'm not entirely sure was successful. I get the impression that many people chose to wait for the start of the main conference on the Wednesday, bypassing the first two days of OSCON Data/Java. For example, Charlie Nutter had perhaps 15-20 people in the audience listening to their presentation JRuby: Pushing the Java Platform Further on Monday. It was an awesome presentation and for a conference like OSCON, it was perhaps somewhat disappointing to see so few people in attendance.
I was fortunate enough to speak at OSCON Java too — Open Source Compiler Construction for the JVM. This was essentially a 40 minute live coding session in which I explained and demonstrated the various steps involved in building a simple expression compiler for the Java Virtual Machine using Scala parser combinators and Apache BCEL. You can see the code I wrote during the presentation on GitHub: http://github.com/thomaslee/oscon2011-awesome.
All in all, I had a brilliant time at OSCON. There were some great presentations and keynotes, but more importantly I was fortunate enough to meet of the most talented hackers in the business. OSCON was humbling and inspiring — I hope I'm lucky enough to have the opportunity to do it all over again next year.
The last couple of days Joel "emilio" Mako have made it official that they will attend the demoparty Birdie hosted in Uppsala/Sweden (14-17 May) and its CS:GO tournament with 50 000:- SEK in the price pool.
The correspondence between Joel and Birdie was on the 30th of March. The question was if there were any special rules for the CS:GO tournament, and if it was ok to buy a ticket. Our ticket support staff refered to our general rules (found here: http://birdie.org/game/information/generella-regler) since the CS:GO rules are not published yet.
A couple of hours later they announced they would be attending Birdie and its CS:GO tournament on their facebook page https://www.facebook.com/JoelemilioMako/photos/a.693871373991739.1073741826.437425739636305/869448193100722/?type=1
Their status of having an active VAC ban was not known by our ticket support staff, and since it was not brought to our attention by him, it was not until our Game admins got news of this that we realised the situation.
To not confuse the situation any further we made sure to have an internal discussion which also involved SESF (Svenska e-Sportföreningen), as we are licensed by them and follow their general rules and guidelines when it comes to e-sport.
The result of that discussion is that we can not accept players who have an active VAC ban to join our e-sport tournaments. The same principle goes for our other games and their corresponding systems as well.Furthermore, we want to make it absolutely clear that Birdie does not tolerate cheating in our e-sport competitions.
With that said we also believe in second chances and even if we can not allow Joel to participate in the CS:GO tournament. We welcome them to Birdie and would like to give them an opportunity to clear their name. We are notorious for our funtours and if Joel would be interested in joining we will host one in their name.
The above is not an first april joke, a decision was also specifically made to not accept VAC banned users from competing in our creative/demo competitions where we have a price pool on 60 000:- SEK right now. Last years invitero can be found at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOIaH-w8jW4
For any media inquiries please contact lezgin.bakircioglu@birdie.org
Yesterday, Google Open Source & Compatibility Program Manager Dan Morrill (his business cards have to be 10 feet long to fit that title) wrote a pretty interesting blog post over at the Android Developers blog, where they called the idea of fragmentation a ‘bogeyman'.
They try to diffuse a lot of the controversy that the idea of Android fragmentation has stirred up – indeed, it's probably the biggest argument used against Android by its detractors.
They don't directly address the fact that there are still a lot of devices in the wild that are running legacy versions of the operating system, and are unable to take advantage of some of the new APIs the newer versions have introduced, but instead implies that it doesn't necessarily matter anyways.
As long as you update the AndroidManifest.xml with the features your app requires access to, it should only show up in the Marketplace on devices that can support those features.
It also seems that the fragmentation problem is slowly reaching obsolescence, as Google have once again updated their platform version chart, and Android 2.1 is making serious progress:
Compare these numbers to those made available on May 17th, where Android 2.1 was at 37.2% and 1.5 and 1.6 were at 34.1% and 28.0% respectively.
We've seen a few devices that were stuck on 1.5 get the 2.1 update recently, namely the Sprint Hero, so that likely helped account for a decent chunk of 2.1's gains. We're quickly approaching the point where the number of handsets running 2.1 should outnumber the handsets running both 1.5 and 1.6 combined.
Regarding 2.2, I'm sure, initially at least, we'll see issues similar to those we've seen in the past with 1.5 and 1.6, but once the Android release schedule slows to once a year, I suspect this will become less and less of a problem.
Dan Morrill goes into considerable detail regarding fragmentation over at the Android Developers blog here, so I suggest giving that a look if long and gory details are your thing.
Source: Android Developers blog and Google Android Platform Version Chart
India's last group match turned out to be their biggest defeat in the FIFA U-17 World Cup. Ghana captain Eric Ayiah scored in the 43rd and 52nd minute before second half substitutes Richard Danso and Emmanuel Toku scored in the 86th and 87th minute respectively. The home side hence ended its sojourn in the U-17 World Cup bottom of their group table with one goal to their name.
Advertising
The match can be best described as a story of two halves. In the first, India were making Ghana toe a line. The home side started the game aggresively, earning a corner within the first 10 seconds. It was taken short and the ball was driven into the box from a tight angle, the Ghanaian keeper collected it easily. The physical superiority of the African side started showing only towards the end of the first 10 minutes.
The first instance of this was a piercing run made through the middle by Sadiq Ibrahim. They found themselves one on one with Dheeraj Moirangthem and passed it to Eric Ayiah who only had to turn it into the practically unguarded post. India were saved only by the linesman flagging Ayiah offside but that was a warning. Sanjeev Stalin and Anwar Ali were no match for Ibrahim's pace.
In a bid to avoid Boris Singh, Ghana started concentrating their attacks down the right flank. As it turned out, Ibrahim was able to leave Suresh Wangjam biting the dust. They and Ayiah started creating many precarious situations for India. But every time, the home side would launch the ball forward, Boris being the player at the end of those hopeful passes most of the time.
That was the narrative for the first half, save for its last three minutes. Ghana were winning the second balls, their counter attacks were quick and created clear chances more often than not. But India never shied away from a chance to attack. The diminutive Boris Singh would cut and skip past the Ghanians and India would end up creating three chances for themselves. None of these produced a shot on target, a marked difference to what India got in the match against Colombia. In the end, though, it was the superior pace of Sadiq Ibrahim that cost India a chance to go into half time with a clean sheet. They darted down the right flank and found enough space to turn in a low pass. Dheeraj, who had needed some attention to their right leg just a couple of minutes earlier, dived to get a palm to the ball but they only ended up putting right in the path of the oncoming Ayiah. Ghana were 1-0 up and the half time whistle approached soon.
Advertising
Ghana started the second half all guns blazing. Ibrahim and Ayiah stretched and ravaged the Indian defence and the Africans doubled their lead in the 52nd minute. The physical and emotional stress of playing against three top class teams in a space of two weeks was starting to show. As the Ghanaians celebrated, the Indian players were looking at each other for answers or crouching dejectedly. It was not a new situation for them. India were 2-0 down at one point against the United States. But India were not bossed around in any of their previous matches the way they had been here. They fended off consecutive waves of Ghanaian attacks after that and finally caved in the last 10 minutes of the match. Richard Danso and substitute Emamanuel Toku scored in the 86th and 87th minute and India were down and out. The final whistle came and with that ended India's adventure in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
After a solid decade and a half of popular fan scorn, hating on Star Wars Episodes I-III might officially be over. As the Disney-driven Lucasfilm works to build out the galaxy far, far away with new sequels, prequels, and spinoffs, a growing number of film historians, critics, and fans are waging an intelligent battle on behalf of George Lucas's supposed “failures” : the original prequels.
One such fan is filmmaker Bradley Weatherholt, director of the soon-to-be-released documentary The Prequels Strike Back: A Fan's Journey, which will be released to skeptical audiences on September 14. The film carries the tagline “unlearn what you have learned,” signaling its intent to push back against the overwhelming perception that these films are terrible. The doc features input from notables like Kevin Smith, film critic Matt Singer, music journalist Doug Adams, and Mike Kilmo, author of the Star Wars “ring theory”, which asserts various complex patterns woven between the classic films and the prequels.
Back in 2015, Bradley Weatherholt asked me to appear in The Prequels Strike Back, to share my own opinions about the Star Wars prequels. Like me, Weatherholt is no stranger to having controversial opinions about Star Wars counterintuitive to those typical of most fans. Now, nearly a year after shooting a brief scene for the doc, I caught up with Weatherholt to talk about the movie and whether fans might change their minds about them.
Back in the summer of 1999, no one I was friends with hated Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. Placed against contemporary popular opinion, this memory seems incongruous with how the current zeitgeist largely regards this movie and its two subsequent sequels, Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith. Sure, I wouldn't say the films comprising the Star Wars “prequel” trilogy are great movies, and I don't even think they accomplish the goals they set out to achieve. But the now-accepted narrative that they were universally hated by everyone instantly and therefore have no worth at all, is totally outrageous and borderline intellectually dishonest.
Obi-Wan in the final moments of "Revenge of the Sith"
“So much of cultural conversation is binary: red vs blue, Republican vs Democrat, Batman v Superman,” Weatherholt told me. “But the truth is often more grey than arbitrary and discretionary factions. And if the in-between isn't closer to the truth, it's certainly more interesting. When we polarize the prequels, as with many other topics, we miss some really interesting conversations.”
Here, Weatherholt doesn't suggest that all Star Wars fans should suddenly do an about-face and whole-heartedly love everything about these movies, but does believe that they should recognize there might be some interesting conversations to be had about the films that fans are missing out on through blind hate. And at the very least, a few oft-repeated untruths should be given a second look. After all, “remember who deals in absolutes” Weatherholt told me, slyly referencing the evil and villainous Sith Lords of the films.
One glaring example of myths about the prequels connects to a favorite drum-beat of the haters: the notion that the prequels were overly-reliant on computer-generated special effects and contained seemingly zero “real” effects. Pervasively, this notion of “practical effects,” versus “computer-generate effects” even invades contemporary promotion and conversation about newer Star Wars films like The Force Awakens and Rogue One. And while it's true George Lucas employed a lot of green screens, there were still a ton of practical effects. Fon Davis – a former ILM model-maker appearing in The Prequels Strike Back – said “We actually did more miniatures on the prequels than in the original films.” Meaning, if you continue to regard the prequels as being fake movies made entirely in a computer, you're at least half-wrong.
The pod race scene from 'The Phantom Menace' was partially achieved using "real" miniatures
In terms of historical opinions of the prequels, haters are also dead-wrong about how the film was initially perceived by mainstream critics. The film review of The Phantom Menace in the New York Times was overwhelming positive in 1999, an indisputable fact which now seems to be completely inconceivable by contemporary fan culture. When I asked Weatherholt how we account for this perception gap they told me plainly, “The internet.” If an opinion is repeated enough on the internet, particularly about something with mass appeal like Star Wars, it seems inevitable that fans will start simply parroting opinions they've picked up from others and maybe in fact, not even be forming their own opinions. As Matt Singer says in the documentary, “Nobody hates Star Wars like a Star Wars fan.”
“In many ways the internet is the villain of our documentary,” Weatherholt explained, “Politics or prequels, the psychology of parroting on the internet is the same…and interestingly, the critical opinion actually works in reverse for the original trilogy. Many contemporaries panned Star Wars and Empire. It was only after they were a sensation that everyone claimed to have always loved them.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
So, you might hate the prequels because your friends do, but if that's true, what are the specific good things fans and pundits are missing?
Anakin and Obi-Wan hash it out
“The theme of descending conveyed both visually and narratively,” Weatherholt said. This notion highlights the idea that the story of Anakin's descent from being a heroic person into the worst person of all time was not something that was easy to convey in these movies. Argumentatively, a fan could make the case that we never needed to see Anakin turn to the dark side in the first place, that it was better as a backstory than a series of detailed films. And yet, the films exist, and if you were to rewatch Revenge of the Sith right now, you'd find perhaps not a great film, but a very, very creative and totally risky one. The story of Anakin Skywalker was never going to be as uplifting and awe-inspiring as the story of their son Luke, in the original films. Anakin is a messy, psychologically complex person, and the films they inhabit are equally messy. In the documentary, Professor Anne Lancashire of the University of Toronto says this of the prequels; “You start looking for psychological meaning, you start looking for symbolism…and once you start looking for it, it's everywhere.”
Still, to be fair to the haters, the Star Wars prequels might not make it easy on the casual viewer. “I think more so than anything, the films have a staggering amount of nuance that is often ignored,” Weatherholt told me, “Which is totally understandable given the clash between the lofty mythological symbolism and absurd characters like Jar Jar.”
George Lucas with Natalie Portman on the cover of 'Vanity Fair' ahead of the release of 'Revenge of the Sith'
Artistically speaking, George Lucas has been praised for their innovation and creativity on the original Star Wars films, but this praise rarely extends to the prequels. And yet, illuminating contrarian opinion which praises Lucas's creativity on the prequels has been brewing in critical circles for awhile now. In the Chronicle of Higher Education in 2012, Camille Paglia declared George Lucas “the greatest artist of our time,” and specifically cited the final duel between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker in Revenge of the Sith as proof, writing “As in Dante, there is an allegorical level: “I have the high ground,” declares Obi-Wan when they spring to the top of a black sandy slope. Hell, as in Marlowe, Milton, and Blake, is a psychological state—Anakin's self-destructive surrender to possessive love and jealous hate.”
Again, the overt darkness and unsatisfactory narrative components of Anakin's fall – as told by the prequels – was never bound for universal love, even if George Lucas had executed all the other aesthetics perfectly. While it might be a little extreme to chastise the new crop of Star Wars films for being derivative and pandering to fan-wishes, there can be zero doubt that the prequel films were all artistically more pure pieces of expression than The Force Awakens.
One of these guys will become Darth Vader when this is all over...
“If we are to judge Revenge of the Sith in the same lens we would judge other art pictures, we wouldn't be so quick to dismiss the film for the mechanical acting or wooden dialogue,” Weatherholt told me, calcifying the idea that perhaps the greatest curse of the Star Wars prequels is that they are seen first and foremost as Star Wars films and not movies in their own right. The craftmanship of The Force Awakens might be more precise and sturdy than the unwieldy prequels, but that doesn't mean it's a greater piece of art. “I think Disney treats its fans like its shareholders,” Weatherholt said, “This is to say they take the least amount of risk to cater to established interests. Balance is certainly in order, but I am much more forgiving to a complete disaster of a film with noble intentions than a safe, brainless flick.”
The Prequels Strike Back: A Fan's Journey will release digitally on September 14, and will be screened at the Alamo Drafthouse Theatre in Austin,TX on October 6th.
Rumor: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim remasters to be announced at E3 2016
Said to include all DLC, mod support, and improved graphics.
Bethesda Softworks will announce a remastered version of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim during their E3 2016 press conference on June 12, according to the latest internet rumors.
The rumors come from industry insider Shinobi602 and NeoGAF user Enter the Dragon Punch, both of who were part of the Kotaku-corroborated Dead Rising 4 leak earlier today.
Speaking on the latest H.A.M. Radio Podcast (59:06), Shinobi602 said, “I would expect a remaster of sorts [at Bethesda's press conference]… for something.”
After GamePro.de went up with a story assuming it's a Skyrim remaster, Enter the Dragon Punch added in the corresponding NeoGAF thread that “it's real” and the remastered release will include all of the game's downloadable content, mod support, and improved graphics.
Bethesda Softworks will host its E3 2016 press conference this Sunday, June 12 at 7:00 p.m. PDT / 10:00 p.m. EDT. Get the full E3 2016 schedule here.
Share
Researchers at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology have discovered a method that allows them to filter out almost all the noise in a given environment — no matter how loud or quiet it is. It's a near perfect sound absorption system where sound waves come in and don't come back out.
Most sound removal systems rely on a sound absorption material that absorbs sound waves at a specific wavelength. Different materials that absorb sound at different wavelengths are used in different situations, depending on the sound they are trying to absorb. For complex sound situations, some materials are combined into a composite that can absorb sound at a range of wavelengths, but even this gradient index material has its limitations. It's not practical to build a multi-layer matrix capable of absorbing all wavelengths of sound. This absorption approach also only dampens the sound as some of the acoustic waves are not absorbed and bounce off the material.
The Hong Kong University team took a different approach to sound removal, instead of absorbing sound they used a system that cancels out all the acoustic waves in the environment. The system uses a pair of impedance matched resonators that work in tandem to deaden all sound in a room.
The first resonator removes the majority of the incoming sound waves, but even the best resonator is not perfect with some sound waves still scattering back into the room. The second resonator picks up where the first resonator left off. It is tuned to the same frequency as the first resonator, allowing it to use destructive interference to cancel out the small amount of sound that is escaping the first resonator. The system achieves near perfect absorption with the removal of up to 99.7 percent of the sound waves.
This latest research was built upon an earlier study by the group that was published last year in Nature. The group previously used impedance matched resonance to remove sound, but relied on a multi-layer system with a layer of air and a secondary reflective surface. This new system removes the extra layers and achieves near perfect sound absorption in a single layer system.
18
7333 Oakmont Blvd
Fort Worth , TX 76132
(817) 489-9110
Great, attentive, speedy service! I needed an inspection sticker and was very pleased how fast and courteous the personnel is at this place!
Reliable and friendly; so far I've only used Christian Brothers for things like oil changes and state inspections but have been very impressed with their efficiency and professionalism
Great facility! Always courteous, took me w/van engine light on & changed oil, ( synthetic), total inspection & ruled out emission problem. Feedback while waiting appreciated! Waiting room & bathroom very neat and clean. Thorough explanation & estimates given before & after work done. Very detail oriented! Appreciate friendly, competent & accommodating attitude of all who work here! Great business!!
Great people that would work there very kind and courteous. They let you know if something need to be that you might know about. This is the Rufe Snow location.
I wanted to make sure everyone knows exactly how professional, honest and caring this business is. They are over the top on customer service. I had an oil change there and it took longer than expected and these gentlemen acknowledged it before I did. I wasn't even upset and they made it a point to take their customer service to the next level. I've never experienced service anywhere better than this. I recommend them for any type of services they provide. I'll be a loyal customer to them forever! Thank you Christian Brothers!
Excellent service from start to finish. Always happy here. The people that work here are always very courteous.
Business is very clean and everyone is very nice. I went for a state inspection and they were very fast. They also offered me water and coffee upon walking in. I will be back.
I was very pleased with the customer service and work preformed. I will definitely use them again.
I was referred to C Bros. by Discount Tire up the street for an alignment, and they did what they could to fix it (I was in an accident that messed it up pretty bad). It did cost about $180, because they had to do a special screw mounting to align my tire. The alignment does feel good, and I hope my new tires will wear properly. I did run into a bit of a problem the next day, where my car overheated. I asked if they could help me, because I thought it might have been their fault, and they fixed the problem for free. I was going to give a 3 or 4 star for the inconvenience it caused, but most car repair shops would balk at the chance to make an error right. I will start using this repair shop from now on.
Professional service and the feeling of being in a clean shop that cares. Not a greasy mess!! I also feel they would be honest about any problems they found with my vehicle and not try and scam myself or any other clients.
Fair and high quality auto work. I have been using this location for the past 5 years for routine maintenance as well as a few more significant repairs as my vehicles have gotten older. They don't cut corners so it is not shoddy, cheap work. They stand by their warranty and have worked with me numerous times to add years to life of my cars. My experience has been consistently classy service and my cars are in great condition. Whenever repairs are needed they let me know my options and what is safety related. When I take my cars here I have come to expect a high quality repair with a warranty I can rely on. I don't like spending money on car repairs, but if I'm going to spend money, I want to trust that the repair will add value back.
Fantastic service, everyone was very nice and professional! For starters they offer a complete inspection of your vehicle for free and give you a breakdown of the inspection details along with pictures documenting what your cars parts look like at that time. I liked that their warranty for the service I needed was up to 25,000 miles or 2 years, whichever expires LAST so that you always benefit (which usually isn't the case with warranties of any kind). They also offered to give me a ride home or to take me to the Starbucks to wait if I wanted, great people all around and my car is as good as new! Would highly recommend them to anyone!
As far as customer service goes, it was well. The person I spoke with was polite, but even so be very wary. It just might be a one case scenario in my case, but I hit a curb and the car was not driving straight it was slightly veering to one side. I figured it was a minor issue and would be at most a couple hundred bucks to fix, and boy was I wrong. I just searched for a mechanic and Christian Brothers came up. I have a trusty mechanic, but it's too far away, and if I can get it done here it would be convenient. The estimate came to $1,600 for just the front passenger side. The mechanic I spoke with at this location said they need to replace a couple parts including some ball bearing joint. I wanted an opinion to see what was wrong with it, and after hearing that ridiculous total, I knew I had to get a second opinion. I later drove it to my dad's mechanic about 150 miles away, and they just said part of the frame or something was bent, and promptly bent it back or so into place. The cost of it all was simply $175. After seeing this, I'm never coming back to this location again. It's been about two months and the car drives PERFECTLY fine now thanks to a trusty mechanic. I'm sure there are honest mechanics out there, a bit in my experience I found a dishonest place to fix my car.
The staff is very professional and friendly. They actually take the time to listen and they don't try to sell you anything unnecessary unlike most auto shops I go to. This is a Fort Worth jem. Also the waiting room is welcoming. Nice leather couches, good music, and magazines that aren't all about cars. 10 out of 10!! Keep up the great work Christian Brothers Automotive!
You take you vehicle to the 'professionals' and put trust in them to do the job appropriately. When we took our car to have the alignment done there were no issues with tire wear. Less than three months later we have one tire worn on one specific area. Christian Brothers state 'normal' while the dealer and Discount Tire have stated that there is an issue that has specifically caused this to occur. It is not normal, far from it. I would suggest another business for your needs, someone you can trust, this Christian based company refuses to take ownership when they did something wrong. Will not be returning.
It's very, very rare that I would ever drive "out of my way" for auto service, but Christian Brothers Automotive Southwest is one of these places. It starts when you walk through the door and are warmly greeted with a "how can I help you today?" I would recommend you have an appointment, because while they do everything they can to accommodate walk-ins, they are getting quite busy from their reputation. I have been in several times now, and each time I have been made to feel like the most important person there. Any mechanical work they will do is fully explained, and the guys have gone the extra step to draw a simplified diagram of what's going on. Repairs are accurately estimated, and the work is completed on-time and budget. If you want to wait for something quick (like a state inspection, or oil change, the waiting room is nicely appointed and immaculately clean and comfortable. They also have a courtesy shuttle, but I'm honestly not sure how far they will go. Their location is pretty convenient for SW Fort Worth at the corner of Oakmont and Bryant Irvin. They work on all makes and models, and I've found the pricing to be very competitive. But the key in my mind is the respect and honesty they treat their customers. You can't put a price on that in this industry. Highly recommended.
The place I normally go for an oil change increased their price to $50 for a basic oil change and car wash. That seems high to me so I looked around for another place. A coworker recommended this place and said that they normally pay around $30 for a basic oil change. I had the oil changed in my car today and was charged $60!! Next time I'm going back to the other place where at least it was cheaper and I got my car washed. I'm still baffled though how my coworker was able to get the same oil change as me for about 1/2 of what I paid.
OK, call me slow (no, go ahead, I've gotten worse comments on this site). I only get to an airport every week or so, but I'd wondered what the signs saying “CELL PHONE LOT” meant. These are signs placed way out near the long-term parking lots, far from the airport and usually with an arrow directing traffic off somewhere.
Maybe my confusion has been signs like this one on the right. Maybe because it's that I always go limo to the airport (just kidding).
Well, I reached the end of my curiosity rope and found out that many airports have set up short term “waiting” parking zones for those picking up travelers. They're called anything from a “cell phone waiting area” to “cell phone lot” to “stage and go lot.”
The idea is that people (not commercial drivers) wait in these parking lots until called for a pick-up from inside the airport, rather than doing endless circles round the “arrival” pick-up area. They're usually free for between a half-hour and one hour.
Great idea for those who are prevented from driving and talking at the same time, or those who haven't discovered the possibility of checking on flight time arrivals using the one-billion or so websites out there.
The strange thing? Most airports have fifty or so temporary parking slots for those waiting for the call, while Houston's airport has 1,000 spaces.
Danny writes a letter to Elliot Rodger in hopes that someone else might see themselves in that situation and get the help they need.
—
I just got back home from Animazement a short while ago and during that time I pretty much didn't look at any news. Well, it seems that on Friday, Elliot Rodger fulfilled an apparent year long plan to exact what they conceived to be a plot of revenge against their “enemies”. Their “enemies” were women who were not attracted to them and the men they were attracted to instead.
On Friday May 23 Rodger shot and killed 6 people, and then killed himself.
I've been reading some of the coverage and it's quite sad that this attack has become fodder in spitting venom at this group or that. Even uglier is the seeming double standard that its okay to blame a group for the attack but if said group defends against that generalization THAT is considered derailing or being distasteful. But nevermind that.
What I want to get into is the fact that I feel for him. (This is going to sound like I'm talking to Elliot even though I know they are no longer around to hear my words. But maybe there are some other guys out there in Elliot's position who could use them.) There are plenty of people in their position and this particular instance had a terribly tragic ending. Such an ending should be prevented.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
—————————————
What you did was wrong and not justified, but I do understand the feelings that may have played a part in what you did.
As a guy that spent an extremely long time never dating, never being in relationships, and never having sex I can understand where you were coming from. It is quite frustrating and angering to go through life and never meet someone to connect with. It gets lonely. It gets dark.
Now I'm not sure if you were raised on the idea that you deserve a woman, picked up the idea that you deserved a woman, or if you were just lonely. But when it comes to meeting people (regardless of what comes of it) it takes one major thing.
Patience. Contrary to the experiences of people who seem to meet a different person every week there are a lot of people who go long spans of time without meeting someone. It gets lonely and it can be real easy to take those long spans of time to heart. But you MUST hold out. A long lasting connection, or even a temporary or sexual connection, can be and often is hard to come by.
I don't want to scare you but there are a lot of people who go an extremely long time before they find such a connection and there are also a lot of people who never find one. A part of finding relationships, love, and sex is holding out until you find what you are looking for.
Elliot you were 22 when you chose to carry out your “revenge”. That's still a fairly young age and you still had a lot of time ahead of you to keep looking. And about your revenge.
The women you killed weren't your enemies for not being interested in you. Just as I'm sure you have your own tastes in women those women had their own tastes in men. The fact that you weren't compatible with those tastes doesn't mean something was wrong (with their tastes or you) that needed to be fixed or some sort of wrong that called for justice.
The men that you killed weren't your enemies for being the ones those women were interested in. Different people have different tastes and that is the way dating and relationships go. Think about it like this. Let's say you meet a woman and you have some sort of connection with them And out of nowhere another guy felt like you were their enemy simply because that woman was interested in him, not you, and that to correct what you did to them they decide to kill you.
In the end there is no question what you did was wrong and it cannot be defended. To me a more pressing point is to address the feelings that very common in a lot of men but where only a few of them choose to take the kind of action you did.
The loneliness is understandable and the pain is something I can empathize and sympathize with. But you simply can't hope to correct the situation by killing other people, much less killing yourself.
A lot of people are going to wish you didn't kill those people.
A lot of people are going to wish you didn't hang around certain people (based on label alone).
A lot of people are going to wish you had killed yourself.
Those wishes are mostly based around their own satisfaction rather than preventing what happened.
Elliot I wish you could have found some help with how you were feeling.
If you had, then (I would like to believe that) you would have been able to handle your situation a lot better and you would have likely met someone.
I'm sorry you didn't get that help.
—————————————
I think in the end that's what it comes down to. Some people are not able to handle being in the situation of not connecting with others and helping them out would do a lot of good.
MANILA, Philippines - The Philippines has been recognized as the Destination of the Year by one of Asia's most prestigious travel publications.
TTG Asia Media's Travel Plan Trade Publishing group organized the 25th annual TTG Travel Awards, which has been recognizing the best in Asia-Pacific's travel trade since 1989.
Tourism Secretary Ramon Jimenez Jr. said the Philippines was chosen for distinguishing itself by its proactive steps and initiatives toward the development and promotion of the travel industry.
“The prestigious travel industry event marks an important time for the industry to recognize the exemplary organizations that raise the bar of excellence,” Jimenez said in a statement.
The Destination of the Year falls under the Outstanding Achievement Awards. The event honors organizations and individuals in four categories: Travel Supplier, Travel Agency, Outstanding Achievement, and Travel Hall of Fame.
The TTG Travel Awards is the most coveted and influential award in the travel industry in the region.
The signature trophy, a statuette of Hermes (the god of travel and protector of travellers in ancient Greek mythology), is cast in solid pewter and plated in 24-carat gold.
Jimenez said the award belongs to all Filipinos, saying everyone has ensured the acceptance of “It's More Fun in the Philippines” as the accurate description of the active role every Filipino plays in ensuring a successful and enjoyable visit to the Philippines.
“The determination of the Filipino people, coupled with the support of President Aquino, is our inspiration to build a brighter tourism future for the Philippines – an industry that is more profitable and more inclusive,” said Jimenez.
The recognition came at a time when the tourism department is preparing to promote Visit the Philippines Year 2015 – an invitation to experience the promise of more fun in the Philippines.
The DOT aims to stamp the passports of 10 million visitors as the country plays host to major events such as the visit of Pope Francis in January and the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Ministerial Meetings and Leaders' Summit.
The Sporting Park field was left with a bevy of divots after Sporting KC's match with Houston on Tuesday night, and its lack of solid footing drew the criticism of several players.
Sporting KC coach Peter Vermes said if the field doesn't improve in the next two or three days, the club may lay down an entirely new field inside the stadium.
“If we can't get this thing sorted out in the next few days, then absolutely, it's something we have to do,” Vermes said.
The field has a Bermuda grass base, and it's over-seeded with rye grass during the fall. The rye grass is generally wiped away as the temperatures heat up in the summer, but the limited number of hot-weather days in the early portion of the summer allowed the rye grass to remain longer than expected.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
“It can't perform in this type of heat,” Vermes said. “As you could see, the field conditions were not good. The guys were planting their foot, and the turf was going out. That was a real issue. It was affecting the game for both teams.
“It's a shame, but it was really because of the cool summer.”
Image caption British special forces personnel were photographed near the Tanf base in June 2016
Syria and its ally Russia have condemned air strikes by the US-led coalition on pro-Syrian government forces near the Jordan border.
Syria said the strikes were a "blatant attack on forces fighting terrorism", while Russia said they breached the country's sovereignty.
The convoy was hit on Thursday as it neared a group of US-backed rebels and a Western special forces unit in Tanf.
The US said Russia was told in advance and that warning shots were ignored.
Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said the strikes were "completely unacceptable", according to state-run news agency Ria Novosti.
They were quoted as saying in Geneva that any military action leading to an escalation of the conflict would have an impact on the political process.
The US-backed Maghaweer al-Thawra rebel faction said that the convoy had been about 27km (17 miles) away and contained four tanks.
A US defence official said the convoy had not responded to numerous warnings that it was "getting too close to coalition forces".
The US-led coalition said the pro-regime forces consisted of Syrian and Iranian-backed militias and "posed a threat to US and partner forces".
But a statement on Syrian state news agency Sana said that the air strikes at 16:30 (13:30 GMT) on Thursday had targeted one of the "military points" of its army.
It said there had been "a number" of deaths and "some material losses" and that the army would not be intimidated by attempts to stop it performing its counter-terrorism duties.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, reported that eight people were killed. It said most of them were not Syrian.
Mr Gatilov also condemned a US-led coalition strike on Wednesday that reportedly killed dozens of civilians. The coalition has denied the attack occurred.
Rebel officials said earlier this week that hundreds of troops and militiamen were advancing into the sparsely-populated desert region near the Jordan border, in an apparent attempt to halt recent rebel gains against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The US-led coalition said that, ahead of the air strikes, a telephone call had been put into the Russian military, which backs President Bashar al-Assad. That was followed by a "show of force" by aircraft overhead and warning shots, the officials said.
"Then there was finally a strike against the lead portion of that movement."
A US defence official told the AFP news agency that the strike did not signal a strategic shift for the coalition, which has focused on battling IS and has tried to avoid intervening in Syria's civil war.
US-led troops helped repel a major IS attack on Tanf last month, while Russian warplanes bombed the base in June 2016.
The global hydroelectric power market, which already represents 76% of all renewable global energy, has the potential to double to 2,000GW capacity by 2050 according to a new report from the World Energy Council, ‘Charting The Upsurge In Hydropower Development', presented today in Beijing. This doubling could be achieved even earlier, if governments and multilateral banks give help to emerging economies where hydropower resources are under-utilised, notes the World Energy Council. Alex Forbes reports for World Energy Focus and Energy Post.
Amidst all the excitement about the growth of wind and solar power, it is easy to forget that by far the largest source of renewable energy is hydroelectricity. In 2013, hydropower capacity grew by 40 GW, more than wind or solar. And global capacity, notes the World Energy Council in a report released today, as part of the World Energy Resources series, is expected to double to 2,000 GW by 2050. But there will be challenges aplenty – not least in ensuring that hydropower is developed responsibly and sustainably.
It took a century for global hydropower generation capacity to reach 1,000 GW, a milestone it passed in 2013, when it generated 16.4% of the world's electricity. According to scenarios prepared by the International Hydropower Association (IHA), the next 1,000 GW is expected to be realised by 2050 – perhaps sooner – as hydropower grows by 3-4%/year. The World Energy Council's 2013 Symphony scenario, assuming a view of the world in which environmental sustainability has the highest priority, supports this assumption to 2050 mainly for the emerging markets. The growth expectations are lower in the Jazz scenario, where climate change is not a priority, but where free market principles apply.
Revival
Hydropower has been enjoying a revival driven largely by growing awareness that climate change is upon us and that the energy industry has to adapt. In a carbon-constrained world, hydropower starts to look very attractive. It is a renewable resource that unlike most other renewable resources does not suffer the problem of intermittency, which can play havoc with the management of power grids.
To the contrary, not only is hydropower well suited to baseload operation, it is highly flexible, and can incorporate an element of storage, and so is an ideal complement to the other intermittent renewable energy sources such as wind and solar power. As the report notes: “Storage hydropower, including pumped storage, represents 99% of the world's operational electricity storage.”
“Risk has to be factored into the process of accessing finance, and hydropower projects, until they're well-advanced in terms of their implementation, are high risk”
Hydropower is also a resource with large potential in many developing nations. And it can have additional advantages, some of which are hard to value in monetary terms, but which can be highly beneficial. For example, the world's largest hydropower station – China's 22.5 GW Three Gorges Dam – was built not primarily as an electricity generator but to control extreme floods.
“Before the project's completion in 2007,” says the report, “a single disastrous flood event in 1999 passed through the site, causing economic losses in the region of US$26 billion, equivalent to the total investment cost of the entire project. When a similar flooding event took place in 2010, the dam was able to attenuate the peak flood flows, avoiding billions of dollars of economic damage, not to mention protecting the local communities.”
Which is not to say that the project is not an important generator of electricity. In 2014 it broke the world record for the most electricity generated by a hydropower project.
Dark period
The upsurge in hydropower development over the past decade followed a dark period for the industry. According to the Council's hydro report, from 1999 through 2005, hydropower development stalled worldwide, reflecting the impact of the World Commission on Dams (WCD), convened to review the development effectiveness of large dams and develop guidelines for the development of new dams. A WCD report published in 2000 “challenged existing practices and proposed stringent guidelines for dams, which in turn caused a sharp decrease in investments”.
“The benefits of hydropower don't always have a financial value”
From 2005 onwards hydropower development saw an upswing, which, says the Council's report, “can be partly attributed to the impact of intensive efforts by the IHA and hydropower companies to negotiate sustainability guidelines for the sector”. The report adds: “Growing investments in and by emerging economies (mainly the BRICS, particularly China), continued interest in renewable energy, particularly with storage capacity and eventually participation in carbon markets/renewable energy credits have also contributed to the upswing.”
But the industry nevertheless faces some daunting challenges in realising its future potential, says International Hydropower Association CEO Richard Taylor: “The decision-making process required for projects to obtain permission to proceed into construction and operations can be very unpredictable. This is a big challenge because there are so many authorities and stakeholders involved.”
“There is also a lack of incentives to orientate investment towards hydropower. This has been borne out of misperceptions about the specific advantages of hydropower, compounded by the lack of reward in the market for those same advantages: the benefits of hydropower don't always have a financial value.”
Taylor notes that “risk has to be factored into the process of accessing finance, and hydropower projects, until they're well-advanced in terms of their implementation, are high risk. That risk-sharing will carry a premium. This is a problem for large-scale projects in particular, as these typically require high up-front capital costs, despite their very low operation and maintenance costs.”
Extraordinary growth
Other challenges, according to Hans-Wilhelm Schiffer, Executive Chair of the World Energy Resources Study at the World Energy Council, include:
a potential shortage in technical skills with an increase in demand
the energy-water-food nexus, where competing demands for freshwater may constrain hydropower development
the effects of sedimentation on the operation of hydropower plants and the host water body
managing the environmental and social effects of hydropower projects on the local area more effectively
the potential impacts of climate change on the sector
Geographically, Taylor expects to see substantial growth in Asia, Africa and South America, alongside further, though limited, development in North America and Europe. “Whilst there is a great deal of potential in Africa, we have seen relatively low amounts of deployment there to date, but the situation is poised to change,” they say. “As for Asia, which has the greatest potential for development, we are seeing extraordinary growth in hydropower capacity. China's exceptional development is set to influence investment in neighbouring countries.”
A big boost for hydropower's prospects has been a change of heart on the part of multilateral development banks, such as the World Bank, and environmental NGO's
The Council's report highlights the case of the Grand Inga project in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which has been in various stages of planning since 1972. “Successive governments have indicated support, although to-date the project has been unable to advance,” says the report. “More recently, in 2014, South Africa has indicated a renewed interest in this project as the major buyer of the electricity that would be generated, potentially providing the revenue certainty needed to move the project forward.”
Grand Inga is an example of the potential for large-scale regional hydro developments, notes Schiffer. “In some countries where the electricity supply market is saturated, hydropower schemes are a source of cheap, exportable electricity to more energy-hungry neighbours. Also, these large-scale schemes could serve as multi-purpose reservoirs, benefits from which include flood control and drought prevention. These value-added services could be key to the further development of large-scale hydropower.”
Big boost
A big boost for hydropower's prospects has been a change of heart on the part of multilateral development banks, such as the World Bank, and environmental NGOs, such as the Nature Conservancy and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). Instead of generally opposing large-scale hydropower developments, they have moved towards supporting them, so long as they are planned responsibly and sustainably.
Indeed, the World Hydropower Congress is being sponsored by The World Bank, The Nature Conservancy and the WWF. Also supportive has been the increasing involvement of private investors.
The World Energy Council's Chair, Marie-José Nadeau, who is also senior executive at Hydro Québec, points out that the so-called water-energy nexus is of crucial importance to the development of hydropower. “A more water-constrained future, as population and the global economy grow and climate change looms, will impact energy sector reliability and costs. The fuel mix used to meet the rising energy demand has a direct impact on water resources. Moreover, water shortages are already being observed in many parts of the globe. In such a context, the importance of the water-energy nexus cannot be overemphasized”, they say.
As with carbon footprints, the water footprints of power generation options are increasingly being compared. “More and more, energy companies are expected to be transparent on their water use and on the related risks,” says Nadeau. “It is thus important that hydropower producers take a greater interest in and document their water footprints and that they showcase the many benefits of hydroelectricity, including low GHG emissions.”
Editor's Note
This article was first published as a preview of the World Energy Council's report on World Energy Focus, the free monthly web-based magazine of the World Energy Council.
The Report predicts that the regions where there is the highest potential for rapid growth are in China, India, Brazil and Southeast Asia. The schemes will be largely storage hydropower where water can be stored in reservoirs for additional purposes and run-of-river hydropower plants. These plants already exist in the Amazon basin, the Himalayas region and the Mekong and Irrawaddy river systems.
The Report gives examples of high users of hydropower which are China, who utilises 41% of its hydropower resources (worth up to 1.3million GWh per year) and India who utilises 21% of its hydropower resources (worth up to 0.5million GWh per year). Russia, which has the world's largest resource of hydropower energy (worth up to 1.5million GWh per year) only utilises 10% of its resource. Another example of the high potential for the use of hydropower energy is in Indonesia which has the sixth largest hydropower resource in the world (worth up to 0.39 million GWh per year), yet only utilises 3% of its energy resources.
The full report, Charting The Upsurge In Hydropower Development, can be found here.
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
President Donald Trump on Friday blasted Tom Steyer as "wacky" and "totally unhinged," presumably after seeing the left-wing billionaire's ad on "Fox and Friends" calling for their impeachment.
Steyer's national campaign came to Trump's favorite morning news show on Friday. In the ad, Steyer calls Trump a "clear and present danger" who is mentally unstable and needs to be stopped, urging citizens to contact their representatives and support impeachment.
The ad played at 6:14 a.m. in Washington, D.C., and it seemed to get Trump's attention.
"Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!" Trump wrote.
Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2017
Trump also tweeted out a warm message to singer Joy Villa, a supporter who appeared on the show to discuss a possible run for Congress. They wore a Trump-themed dress to the 2017 Grammy Awards.
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on their decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. They have many fans! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2017
Although it's not true Steyer "never wins elections," candidates that the megadonor supported in the 2014 and 2016 elections lost more than they won. They were also one of Hillary Clinton's wealthiest, high-profile supporters in their unsuccessful bid for the White House.
In 2016 alone, they donated more than $91 million to Democratic campaigns.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) -- A group that advocates for stricter gun laws says it will pump at least $1 million into state races in Virginia.
that Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund is donating $450,000 to the campaign of Democratic gubernatorial candidate Ralph Northam. It also plans to spend another $250,000 on campaign mailers to support him.
The group is also giving $300,000 to Attorney General Mark Herring for their re-election bid. The Democrat is facing attacks ads from the National Rifle Association.
The New York-based advocacy group is largely bankrolled by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Northam is opposed to concealed guns being carried without a permit. They also favor a ban on assault weapons, expanded background checks and a limit on handgun purchases each month.
It's been intimated that J and I have some eating restrictions, me with the diabetes and J with dairy allergies as well as an allergy to artificial sweeteners. That makes dessert a huge challenge. I've resolved this challenge by making the same desserts two ways – one with Splenda and dairy (for me) and the other with sugar and dairy substitutes (for him). A good example of this is my cobbler recipe. I make a cobbler with almond flour in ramekins. I do a ¼ cup of almond flour with ½ teaspoon of baking powder and 1 tablespoon of sugar and then mix in 1 tablespoon of melted butter, 1 tablespoon of almond milk and a dash of vanilla. Spoon on top of about ½ a cup of chopped fruit (stone fruit like cherries and nectarines work best) and bake for half an hour at 350 degrees. For myself, all I need to do is replace the sugar with the equivalent amount of Splenda and I'm set.
Sunday, J and I were going to Muffin and June's for a BBQ with Bellisima and West Coast Rebecca. Being summertime in the bay area, I decided to try my hand at pavlova. For those of you who don't know palvova, it's a meringue shell that is mashmallowy in the middle. It's cratered in the middle as well so people traditionally pile it high with fruit and whipped cream. Perfect dessert to highlight summer fruit. Like the cobbler, I decided to make a version for me (whipped cream and splenda) and a version for J (lemon curd and sugar). Because you can freeze the pavlova ahead of time, I tried my hand at pavlova on Friday night. For the first time Ina Garten did me WRONG. I made them Back to Basics it failed. What I got was a gloppy mess of a meringue that was more the consistency of a meringue topping for a lemon meringue pie. Never a waster, I decided to fold in the lemon curb to the failed meringue to lighten the lemon curd.
The next morning I did a little research (Nigella!) and saw that every OTHER cookbook was saying to bake the pavlova at 300 degrees as opposed to the 180 that Ina instructed. I did the whole shebang again using the Barefoot Contessa recipe but using the oven temperature of Nigella Lawson (preheat to 350 and when you put it in, immediately drop temp to 300). It was a huge success. I tried it again using baking Splenda, and another HUGE SUCCESS! So in one pavlova there were raspberries and blackberries over lemon curd and another pavlova there were the same berries over whipped cream sweetened with Splenda. In fact, Muffin, who ate both versions, liked the Splenda version. SCORE!
So here's my sugar-free version of a pavlova. To make it low-fat, simply use low-fat (or even nonfat cool whip).
2 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature
Pinch kosher salt
1/2 cup sugar or granulated Splenda designed to be a 1 for 1 substitution (not the packets)
1 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Directions
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Place a sheet of parchment paper on a sheet pan. Draw a 5-inch circle on the paper, then turn the paper over so the circle is on the reverse side. (This way you won't get a pencil mark on the meringue.)
Place the egg whites and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Beat the egg whites on high speed until firm, about 2 minutes. With the mixer still on high, slowly add the sugar and beat until it makes firm, shiny peaks, about 2-3 more minutes.
Remove the bowl from the mixer, sift the cornstarch onto the beaten egg whites, add the vinegar and vanilla, and fold in lightly with a rubber spatula. Pile the meringue into the middle of the circle on the parchment paper and smooth it within the circle, making a rough disk. Bake for 1 1/2 hours. Turn off the oven, keep the door closed, and allow the meringue to cool completely in the oven, about 1 hour. It will be crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.
Invert the meringue disk onto a plate. There will be a cracked crater of delciciousness that is perfect for lemon curd, whipped cream or just fruit and a dash of some old balsamic.
Crossposted at itsalifestylex2.blogspot.com
Advertisements
Picture for representational purpose. PTI Picture for representational purpose. PTI
The US State Department has approved the sale of $96 million worth of follow-on support for C-130J Super Hercules aircraft to India to enable the Indian Air Force to remain mission-ready for disaster relief and international humanitarian assistance needs like in quake-hit neighbouring Nepal.
Pentagon's arm handing foreign military sales notified the US Congress of this possible sale to India last week saying the "proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region."
"This proposed sale of additional equipment and support will enable the Indian Air Force to sustain a higher mission-ready status for its C-130J fleet," the US Defence Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) said.
India needs this support for its Super Hercules aircraft to ensure its aircraft operate effectively to serve its transport, local and international humanitarian assistance, and regional disaster relief needs, the agency said.
India, it said has requested for follow-on support for five years for their fleet of C-130J Super Hercules that includes 8 spare AN/ALE-47 Counter-Measures Dispensing Systems and 6 spare AN/ALR-56M Advanced Radar Warning Receivers. It also wants to buy up to 9,000 flare cartridges, spare and repair parts, configuration updates, support and test equipment, publications and technical data, technical services, personnel training and training equipment.
"This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to strengthen the US-India strategic relationship," DSCA said.
It would also help "improve the capabilities of a major South Asian partner which has been, and continues to be, an important force for economic progress and stability in South Asia."
The principal contractor will be the Lockheed-Martin Company in Marietta, Georgia, DSCA said.
There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale, it said.
The proposed sale will also not require the assignment of any additional US Government or contractor personnel to India.
There will be no adverse impact on US defence readiness as a result of this proposed sale, DSCA said.
The Dream of the Rood
Manuscript: The Vercelli Book (chapter library of the cathedral at Vercelli, Codex CXVII). Editions: Krapp, George Philip, ed. The Vercelli Book. ASPR 2. New York: Columbia UP, 1932; Dickens, Bruce, and Alan S. C. Ross, eds. The Dream of the Rood. Methuen's Old English Library. New York: Appleton, 1966; Swanton, Michael, ed. The Dream of the Rood. Manchester Old and Middle English Texts. New York: Barnes (for Manchester UP), 1970. Pope, John C., ed. Seven Old English Poems. 2nd ed. New York: Norton, 1981. It will be obvious that I have relied heavily on Swanton's edition in my notes (click on the hyperlinked superscripts in the text to go to the notes). A general observation should be made here: this poem is remarkable for its extensive use of hypermetric lines, “used contrapuntally to accommodate significantly more complex thematic material” (Swanton 61).
Hyperlinks to annotations are added in-line in the text, in bolded brackets. See also my notes on The Dream of the Rood.
Text
Listen! The choicest of visions I wish to tell,
which came as a dream in middle-night,
after voice-bearers lay at rest.
It seemed that I saw a most wondrous tree
born aloft, wound round by light,5
brightest of beams. All was that beacon
sprinkled with gold. Gems stood
fair at earth's corners; there likewise five
shone on the shoulder-span [ 1 ]. All there beheld the Angel of God [ 2 ],
fair through predestiny [ 3 ]. Indeed, that was no wicked one's gallows,10
but holy souls beheld it there,
men over earth, and all this great creation.
Wondrous that victory-beam – and I stained with sins,
with wounds of disgrace. I saw glory's tree
honored with trappings, shining with joys,15
decked with gold; gems had
wrapped that forest tree worthily round.
Yet through that gold I clearly perceived
old strife of wretches [ 4 ], when first it began
to bleed on its right side. With sorrows most troubled,20
I feared that fair sight. I saw that doom-beacon [ 5 ]
turn trappings and hews: sometimes with water wet,
drenched with blood's going; sometimes with jewels decked.
But lying there long while, I,
troubled, beheld the Healer's tree,25
until I heard its fair voice.
Then best wood spoke these words:
“It was long since – I yet remember it –
that I was hewn at holt's end,
moved from my stem. Strong fiends seized me there,30
worked me for spectacle; cursèd ones lifted me [ 6 ].
On shoulders men bore me there, then fixed me on hill;
fiends enough fastened me. Then saw I humankind's Lord
come with great courage when they would mount on me.
Then dared I not against the Lord's word35
bend or break, when I saw earth's
fields shake. All fiends
I could have felled, but I stood fast.
The young hero stripped themselves – he, God Almighty –
strong and stout-minded. They mounted high gallows,40
bold before many, when they would loose humankind.
I shook when that Man clasped me. I dared, still, not bow to earth,
fall to earth's fields, but had to stand fast.
Rood was I reared. I lifted a mighty King,
Lord of the heavens, dared not to bend.45
With dark nails they drove me through: on me those sores are seen,
open malice-wounds. I dared not scathe anyone.
They mocked us both, we two together [ 7 ]. All wet with blood I was,
poured out from that Man's side, after ghost they gave up.
Much have I was born on that hill50
of fierce fate. I saw the God of hosts
harshly stretched out. Darknesses had
wound round with clouds the corpse of the Wielder,
bright radiance; a shadow went forth,
dark under heaven. All creation wept,55
King's fall lamented. Christ was on rood.
But there eager ones came from afar
to that noble one. I beheld all that.
Sore was I with sorrows distressed, yet I bent to men's hands,
with great zeal willing. They took there Almighty God,60
lifted them from that grim torment. Those warriors abandoned me
standing all blood-drenched, all wounded with arrows.
They laid there the limb-weary one, stood at their body's head;
beheld they there heaven's Lord, and they themselves rested there,
worn from that great strife. Then they worked them an earth-house,65
men in the slayer's sight carved it from bright stone,
set in it the Wielder of Victories. Then they sang them a sorrow-song,
sad in the eventide, when they would go again
with grief from that great Lord. They rested there, with small company.
But we're there lamenting a good while70
stood in our places after the warrior's cry
went up. Corpse grew cold,
fair life-dwelling. Then someone felled us
all to the earth. That was a dreadful fate!
Deep in a pit one delved us. Yet there Lord's thanes,75
friends, learned of me,. . . . . . . . . . .
adorned me with silver and gold.
Now you may know, loved man of mine,
what I, work of baleful ones, have endured
of sore sorrows. Now has the time come80
when they will honor me far and wide,
men over earth, and all this great creation,
will pray for themselves to this beacon. On me God's son
suffered awhile. Therefore I, glorious now,
rise under heaven, and I may heal85
any of those who will reverence me.
Once I became hardest of torments,
most loathly to men, before I for them,
voice-bearers, life's right way opened.
Indeed, Glory's Prince, Heaven's Protector,90
honored me, then, over holm-wood [ 8 ].
Thus they their mother, Mary herself,
Almighty God, for all men,
also has honored over all woman-kind.
Now I command you, loved man of mine,95
that you this seeing [ 9 ] tell unto men;
discover with words that it is glory's beam
which Almighty God suffered upon
for all humankind's manifold sins
and for the ancient ill-deeds of Adam.100
Death they tasted there, yet God rose again
by their great might, a help unto men.
They then rose to heaven. Again sets out hither
into this Middle-Earth, seeking humankind
on Doomsday, the Lord himself,105
Almighty God, and with them their angels,
when they will deem – they hold power of doom –
everyone here as they will have earned
for themselves earlier in this brief life.
Nor may there be any unafraid110
for the words that the Wielder speaks.
They ask before multitudes where that one is
who for God's name would gladly taste
bitter death, as before they on beam did.
And they then are afraid, and few think115
what they can to Christ's question answer [ 10 ].
Nor need there then any be most afraid [ 11 ]
who ere in their breast bears finest of beacons;
but through that rood shall each soul
from the earth-way enter the kingdom,120
who with the Wielder thinks yet to dwell.”
I prayed then to that beam with blithe mind,
great zeal, where I alone was
with small company [ 12 ]. My heart was
impelled on the forth-way, waited for in each125
longing-while. For me now life's hope:
that I may seek that victory-beam
alone more often than all men,
honor it well. My desire for that
is much in mind, and my hope of protection130
reverts to the rood. I have not now many
strong friends on this earth; they forth hence
have departed from world's joys, have sought themselves glory's King;
they live now in heaven with the High-Father,
dwell still in glory, and I for myself expect135
each of my days the time when the Lord's rood,
which I here on earth formerly saw,
from this loaned life will fetch me away
and bring me then where is much bliss,
joy in the heavens, where the Lord's folk140
is seated at feast, where is bliss everlasting;
and set me then where I after May
dwell in glory, well with those saints
delights to enjoy. May they be friend to me
who here on earth earlier died145
on that gallows-tree for humankind's sins.
They loosed us and life gave,
a heavenly home. Hope was renewed
with glory and gladness to those who there burning endured.
That Son was victory-fast [ 13 ] in that great venture,150
with might and good-speed [ 14 ], when they with many,
vast host of souls, came to God's kingdom,
One-Wielder Almighty: bliss to the angels
and all the saints – those who in heaven
dwelt long in glory – when their Wielder came,155
Almighty God, where their homeland was.
Translation copyright © 1982, Jonathan A. Glenn. All rights reserved.
Annotations
[ 1 ] shoulder-span. OE eaxlegespanne. Of this hapax legomenon, Swanton writes: “It would be tempting to identify this with the ‘axle-tree' or centre-piece of the cross, although ‘axle' in this sense of wheel-centre is not otherwise recorded before the thirteenth century.… It might … simply refer to the beam of the gallows along which Christ's arms were stretched, although the ‘crux gemmata' normally has jewels along all four arms.” [Return to text]
[ 2 ] All … God. Most editors assume that engel ‘angel' is the subject of the sentence, but I follow Swanton in treating ealle ‘all' as subject and engel as object. Swanton considers this to cause difficulties about identifying the engel, but the OE word can carry the sense ‘messenger,' which obviously suggests that the Cross itself is the engel dryhtnes ‘angel/messenger of God.' [Return to text]
[ 3 ] fair … predestiny. OE fægere þurh forðgesceaft, an ambiguous phrase, forðgesceaft being used elsewhere to mean both ‘creation' and ‘future destiny.' See Swanton for a discussion of the possibilities. My translation indicates that I take it to mean ‘what is preordained.' Thus the Rood is part of an eternal plan, like “the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world” (Rev. 13:8). [Return to text]
[ 4 ] old strife of wretches. OE earmra ærgewin, lit. ‘of wretches ere-strife.' The phrase, in this context, appears to refer to the whole battle between Christ and Satan, Good and Evil; more immediately, of course, it refers to Christ's Passion, viewed as battle. [Return to text]
[ 5 ] doom-beacon. OE fuse beacen. Considering that “the word fus is commonly associated with death,” Swanton notes: “Clearly, within the poet's vision we must recognize not simply the church year hastening to its sacrificial end, but a concrete symbol of death and the doom to come. This beacen is at once an emblem of death (Christ's) and of doom (that of the dreamer and world). At Judgement Day it is this symbol that will be seen again in the heavens.…” [Return to text]
[ 6 ] cursèd … me. As Swanton observes, the syntax could conceivably support the rendering “made me lift cursèd ones.” [Return to text]
[ 7 ] both . . . together. OE unc butu ætgædere ‘we two both together.' Unc is dual in number, underscoring the close relationship – the near identification – of Cross and Christ in the poem. [Return to text]
[ 8 ] holm-wood. OE holmwudu, a hapax legomenon and obscure. Swanton notes three possible ways to find meaning in the term: (1) interpret it as ‘sea-wood' (either ‘ship' or – more understandably – lignum vitae ‘tree of life,' which grows by the waters of Paradise); (2) emend to holtwudu ‘forest wood'; or (3) take holm in the OS sense ‘hill,' providing a “powerful oblique reference to the gallows of Golgotha.” [Return to text]
[ 9 ] seeing. OE gesyhð ‘thing seen, vision' (> NE sight), clearly referring to the dreamer's vision of the Cross. B. Huppé, Web of Words, entitles this poem “Gesyhþ rodes.” [Return to text]
[ 10 ] Christ's … answer. More literally: “what they may begin to say to Christ.” [Return to text]
[ 11 ] most afraid. OE unforht, usually emended to anforht ‘fearful'; Swanton retains the MS reading un- as an intensive: ‘very afraid.' [Return to text]
[ 12 ] small company. See line 69. This is one of the numerous echoes set up to link Christ, Cross, and Dreamer. [Return to text]
[ 13 ] victory-fast. I.e., secure in or sure of victory. [Return to text]
[ 14 ] with … good-speed. OE mihtig ond spedig ‘mighty and successful' (the latter being the original meaning of speedy). [Return to text]
MIAMI BEACH - While perhaps not as villainous, a South Florida man is giving Batman enemy Harvey "Two-Face" Dent a real run for their money, at least when it comes to distinct looks.
A mug shot out of Miami-Dade County jail shows a man named Kevin Gibson sporting a bushy beard.
Well, half a bushy beard.
Gibson, 58, was arrested Tuesday night in Miami Beach for drinking in public, possession of more than 20 grams of marijuana and intent to sell.
But what has made Gibson really stand out is their unique facial coiffure, as if they were undecided about which way they should go and there was absolutely no gray area.
Gibson was being held on $8,000 bond.
Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
Princeton University President Christopher Eisgruber's decision to capitulate to student protesters, and initiate processes to expunge Woodrow Wilson's name and image from campus buildings is an affront to history. For Princeton, the university that Wilson led for eight years, to take the lead in warping Wilson into a historical monster amounts to an abdication of its role as an institution of higher learning.
One need not be a fan of Wilson's to acknowledge that they are one of America's most consequential presidents. They played a pivotal role in passing the constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote. They created the Federal Reserve and instituted the first federal progressive income tax. They crafted the antitrust law that empowers the federal government to block corporate mergers and prevent monopolies, and established the Federal Trade Commission to enforce it.
And that's just on the domestic front. They also made America a global power, winning the fight against isolationism that was led by their former secretary of state, William Jennings Bryan, so that America could enter, and end, World War I. While they failed in the war's aftermath to fulfill their dream of a new international organization dedicated to the prevention of future wars, Wilson's vision eventually triumphed thanks to their disciples Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman. The United Nations was rooted in Wilsonian principles and proved to be a transformational force for peace and decolonization.
Despite the broad sweep of their presidency, it's become fashionable to treat Wilson as little more than a petty racist. The Washington Post's Alexandra Petri (in an opinion piece actually in support of keeping Wilson's name on buildings) blithely asserts that “Woodrow Wilson was terrible. On this we can agree,” before summarizing their record on race. Dylan Matthews at Vox.com (the so-called “explainer” news outlet) barked that “Woodrow Wilson was extremely racist — even by the standards of their time” and accused them of defending the Klu Klux Klan.
Wilson held racist views and their presidency was a setback for racial progress. That much is indisputable. But the caricature of Wilson as a virulent racist is inaccurate. While historical context does not exonerate Wilson's record on race, neither is it irrelevant to understanding it.
What's true and most damning is that Wilson re-segregated the federal workforce. However, it's important to know that segregation was not Wilson's idea; it was pushed by two of their Cabinet members from the South. As Wilson biographer John Milton Cooper Jr. noted, Wilson acquiesced in part because they believed department heads should be able to “run their agencies with little interference.”
Another biographer, A. Scott Berg, explained that Wilson “wished to promote racial progress” via a misguided notion of “shocking the social system as little as possible.” Increased segregation was seen, paternalistically, as a way to “avoid friction.” Further, Wilson wrongly thought they could balance the segregation decision and please all camps by simultaneously refusing their Cabinet members' request to stop the practice of appointing African-Americans to certain midlevel posts. But Southern Democrats in the Senate effectively blocked their subsequent appointment to a Treasury position, which undermined Wilson's compromise—and they acquiesced.
Whatever Wilson's intentions, they own the decision and its terrible consequences. Tom Lewis in Politico Magazine recently chronicled how federal government segregation created a poisonous atmosphere for residents of the capital. Blacks had a harder time finding work. White newspapers published trumped-up tales of black criminals, instigating white vigilante mobs that metastasized into a horrific July 1919 race riot.
But other purported evidence of Wilson's “extreme” racism doesn't hold up. For example, Matthews calls Wilson a “vocal defender of the Ku Klux Klan” based on cherry-picked lines from the fifth volume of Wilson's 1902 work, “A History of the American People” which covered Reconstruction. Like other white Southerners, Wilson opposed Reconstruction policies, and they fault them for sowing the seeds of the KKK. But the full passage on the Klan (pages 60-64) shows Wilson was no defender of the murderous sect. They concluded:
“They had set themselves … to right a disordered society through the power of fear. Men of hot passions who could not always be restrained carried their plans into effect. … Houses were surrounded in the night and burned, and the inmates shot as they fled. … Men were dragged from their houses and tarred and feathered. Some who defied the vigilant visitors came mysteriously to some sudden death. … Brutal crimes were committed; the innocent suffered with the guilty; a reign of terror was brought on, and society was infinitely more disturbed than defended.”
Matthews also circulates the oft repeated but dubious claim that Wilson praised the notoriously racist film “The Birth of Nation,” saying it is like teaching “history with lightning.” It's true that the film was screened at the White House, as a favor to an old friend who wrote the book on which the film was based. But the quote is almost certainly apocryphal as there is no contemporaneous account of them saying it. What they definitely said, as protests by the NAACP mounted, was that “the president was entirely unaware of the character of the play before it was presented and has at no time expressed their approbation of it.”
Wilson's views on race were not out of step with prevailing views of the times. Their predecessor, William Taft, began their presidency with a pledge to phase out the appointment of blacks "to a local office in a community in which the race feeling is so widespread.” In other words, in the South. Teddy Roosevelt, the former president who ran against both Taft and Wilson in 1912, decided to deny Southern blacks a role in their Progressive Party for fear of alienating their white neighbors.
As Berg notes, “Wilson's racial views were fairly centrist in America.” Cooper, belying the easy depiction of Wilson as the prototype of a bigoted Southerner, wrote: “His impatience with agitation over race from any quarter made them resemble northern whites of that time more than fellow southerners.”
“Indifference,” added historian Kendrick Clements, summed up Wilson's record on racial discrimination more “than by its active promotion.”
None of that excuses the record. Wilson's chapter in the story of race in America is a sorry one, and it's a story that should be (accurately) told. But so should the rest of the Wilson story. Not simply for Wilson's sake, but because there is so much to dissect and learn from.
Was Wilson's pursuit of world peace an indication of moral leadership or blundering overreach? Was Wilson pragmatically wise in compromising with banks to create the Federal Reserve, or did they set a bad precedent? Would the New Deal have happened if Wilson had not laid the initial foundation? Was Wilson's conversion on women's suffrage – sealed by friend and moderate feminist Carrie Chapman Catt –proof of the value of insider persuasion or of outside agitation?
And why, exactly, were so many early 20th century progressives unable to extend their progressivism to the cause of racial equality?
These are the questions we won't even know to ask if we turn Wilson, already a woefully under-analyzed and under-appreciated figure, into a pariah unworthy of recognition. Removing their name from their intellectual home would not just condemn him; it would condemn us to a poorer understanding of our own history. For Princeton to contribute to American ignorance would be an unconscionable act for a premier university.
Here's what we know about the rich: They have a lot more money than everyone else, and they have more money than everyone else by a larger margin than they used to. Why is that? They like to tell themselves it's because they are morally and intellectually superior, but there is not a whole lot of evidence to back that up. People usually end up rich because they were born or raised with certain environmental advantages. One of the biggest advantages you can be born with, these days, is rich parents. And one of the biggest advantages rich parents pass on to their offspring -- let's say the second-biggest, after "money" -- is the sense of entitlement necessary for an entirely unaccomplished rich person to coast through life without constantly feeling crippling guilt.
It shouldn't be a surprise, in other words, that rich people -- specifically rich young college-age Americans -- exhibit narcissistic tendencies, as a new study says. Let's go to the mass media summary of this new social sciences research:
Advertisement:
In five different experiments involving several hundred undergraduates and 100 adults recruited from online communities, the researchers found higher levels of both narcissism and entitlement among those of higher income and social class. The study, which was published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, showed that, when asked to visually depict themselves as circles, with size indicating relative importance, richer people picked larger circles for themselves and smaller ones for others. Another experiment found that they also looked in the mirror more frequently. The wealthier participants were also more likely to agree with statements such as “I honestly feel I'm just more deserving than other people” and place themselves higher on a self-assessed “class ladder” that indicated increasing levels of income, education and job prestige. To explore [the relationship between wealth and narcissism] further, the researchers also asked the college students in one experiment to report the educational attainment and annual income of their parents. Those with more highly educated and wealthier parents remained higher in their self-reported entitlement and narcissistic characteristics. “That would suggest that it's not just [that] people who feel entitled are more likely to become wealthy,” says [psychologist Paul] Piff. Wealth, in other words, may breed narcissistic tendencies — and wealthy people justify their excess by convincing themselves that they are more deserving of it.
For some reason, both Time magazine and an academic psychologist were surprised by this result, with Time's Maia Szalavitz referring to "the conventional wisdom that the more people have, the more they appreciate their obligations to give back to others," and the psychologist referring to "this idea" that I don't think is as prevalent as they suggest:
“There's this idea that the more you have, the less entitled and more grateful you feel— and the less you have, the more you feel you deserve. That's not what we find,” says author Paul Piff, a psychologist at the University of California in Berkeley.
Where's this idea? Which country and era have you guys been living in? The rich: They think they deserve it and you don't. Rich people basically say this out loud, in public, constantly, these days.
Meanwhile! Business Insider, in one of its "ONE CHART" posts, posts ONE CHART showing how wealth perpetuates itself. The chart comes from economist Miles Corak, and it shows "the likelihood that a son at some point in their life works for the same firm that their father once worked for across various income levels." You will likely not be shocked to learn that the chart is basically a straight line until you get to the top-most earning percentile, at which point it jumps to a very high number. The chart covers Canada and Denmark, and Canada has much more nepotism than Denmark. I think it would be reasonable to infer that the U.S. is more like Canada than Denmark.
The rich get jobs through family connections. What else are these kids supposed to do? After you've gone to whatever elite university your father attended, thanks to admissions offices that are still very much comfortable taking that into consideration, getting a job at whatever firm they worked at is only natural.
And here comes Andrew Ross Sorkin, the superstar New York Times finance reporter behind "Too Big to Fail," with a "DealBook" column about how it is no big deal that this happens. Sorkin's column isn't strictly about direct nepotism in the hiring process, but about the hiring of the children of all varieties of rich people by giant financial firms. The "news hook" is the SEC investigation of JPMorgan Chase for hiring the children of powerful Chinese officials, including the son of a former bank regulator and the daughter of a railway official already suspected of accepting bribes. The SEC calls these hires bribery. Sorkin calls them just how things work on Wall Street.
But hiring the sons and daughters of powerful executives and politicians is hardly just the province of banks doing business in China: it has been a time-tested practice here in the United States. “This has been happening for thousands of years,” said Michael J. Driscoll, a former senior trader at Bear Stearns who now teaches at Adelphi University. “I have two sons myself, and one is an intern at a major firm. This goes on all the time.”
Driscoll is right, it has been happening for thousands of years. The only difference is that up until pretty recently it was referred to as "aristocracy" instead of "free market capitalism."
Advertisement:
Here are some great lines from this column:
“It's like chicken soup. It can't hurt.”
They are all quite bright and well educated.
But more likely they thought they were a qualified recruit who, given their upbringing, had a golden Rolodex.
But Ms. Clinton, a Stanford graduate who is considered intelligent by virtually everyone who has spent time with her, had as genuine a claim on those jobs as anyone else graduating the year they did.
And finally, the point at which Sorkin fully and totally endorses the self-justifications of the super-rich:
And then there is Robert Rubin's son Jamie, who worked at the Federal Communications Commission and at Allen & Company, the boutique bank, while their father was part of the Clinton administration. I've known Jamie for years and he, too, probably would have landed prominent posts even without their name. In some cases, some of these children will tell you that they try to work harder than others at their jobs, just to prove that they earned the position.
He's really smart! They work harder than someone without their advantages! It's all merit!
Sorkin doesn't seem to understand -- or they don't care, I guess -- that the issue isn't whether or not these hires meet the legal definition of "bribery," but that they are plain-as-day examples of how rigged the entire game of finance capitalism is. Sorkin, who has thoroughly internalized the Titan of Wall Street mind-set, only judges the actions of massive financial firms based on whether or not those actions are profitable or likely to end up profitable. So, yes, by that standard, hiring the children of both Communist Party officials and successful capitalist elites makes sense. That's why firms do it! Does doing so also strengthen or perpetuate a deeply unjust social order or repressive political regime? Who knows! Let Charles M. Blow figure that one out, Sorkin has another conference to attend.
The Event Horizon Telescope, actually a network of telescopes across the world, has successfully completed its highly-anticipated ten-day-long observation period. Researchers pointed the array of dishes at the center of our galaxy and the M87 galaxy in order to snap pictures of some black holes. That's really exciting! It's awesome! We will maybe soon see a real image of a black hole! But not for, you know, a bunch of months.
Advertisement
You've probably seen lots of really beautiful images of black holes this week. Here's one. And here's another one, and there's one here and another one here. You, readers, already know that these are just beautiful artist renderings and simulations. But your less science-inclined friends or relatives might just see a headline along the lines of “We've just finished taking a picture of a black hole,” see the artist rendition, and say, wow. Black holes are so beautiful, how did they get the camera so close?
Yes, the Event Horizon Telescope successfully collected data for the past week and a half. All of the scopes in the network recorded the radio waves emanating from the center of the galaxy, where the supermassive black hole Sagittarius A* is believed to reside. Things went well, with the exception of some bad weather here and there. But now, the scientists must take their data back to supercomputers, line up those light sources, and run special algorithms to get the final picture. As we previously reported, this will happen later this year at the earliest, but we may need another cycle of observation before we get our first true image of a black hole.
No matter what the Event Horizon Telescope sees, it will be amazing. But if you see any images like these around, just know that they do not depict the outcome of the Event Horizon Telescope's observing run. The following are not photos of black holes.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is a computer-generated image of what a black hole might look like, and how its gravity might distort the light around it.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is an artist's depiction of how matter might be ripped and radiate energy as it orbits the black hole's high-gravity center.
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is, again, an artist's depiction of matter orbiting and being torn apart by a black hole's gravity.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. I made this in Photoshop because I wanted an image to go along with this story and didn't want to use a stock photo.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is the ring from the 2002 horror classic, The Ring.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is a photo of a toilet bowl.
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is a dog.
Advertisement
This is not a photo of a black hole. This is a simulation of a black hole created for the movie Interstellar. However, it's important to note that it's pretty accurate—aside from the artistic changes (more about that here), it's based on real data about what a small black hole should look like. Some scientists even think the Event Horizon Telescope's final picture might look like this one.
Anyway, I hope that was helpful. Don't let your grandpa tell people he's seen a black hole. They haven't.
Advertisement
Update, 4:20 PM (nice): Avery Broderick from the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Canada with the Event Horizon Telescope did make another simulation of what Sagittarius A* might look like at the end of all the number crunching. Yes, it's informed by seven years of data. But this is not a photo of a black hole.
